<doc id="6987237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987237" title="Bang Saphan district">
Bang Saphan district

Bang Saphan (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the southern part of Prachuap Khiri Khan province, central Thailand.
History.
Bang Saphan dates back to the Ayutthaya Kingdom. In the Thonburi Kingdom, it was named "Mueang Kamnoed Nopphakhun". King Nangklao (Rama III) of Rattanakosin established Kamnoed Nopphakhun as a fourth-class city under the "Kalahom" (defence ministry). King Chulalongkorn (Rama V) downgraded the city to Mueang Kamnoed Nopphakhun District. In 1915 King Vajiravudh (Rama VI) renamed the district by removing the word "Mueang" off. Later the king changed the name to "Bang Saphan".
Geography.
Bang Saphan's neighboring districts are Thap Sakae to the north and Bang Saphan Noi to the south. To the west are the Tenasserim Hills and the Tanintharyi Division of Myanmar, to the east the Gulf of Thailand. 
Administration.
The district is divided into seven sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 71 villages ("mubans"). There are three townships ("thesaban tambon") areas: Kamnoet Nopphakhun covers parts of "tambon" Kamnoet Nopphakhun, Ronthong covers parts of "tambon" Ronthong, and Ban Krut covers parts of "tambon" Thongchai. There are a further seven tambon administrative organizations (TAO) responsible for the non-municipal areas.
Economy.
Locals still work at gold panning in "Klong Thong", a natural stream at Ban Pa Ron in Tambon Ron Thong, and a nearby creek, "Huai Janghan". It is claimed that they can make more from panning gold than from farming. 
Ban Huai Kriab is known for black-and-white rattan basketry. Its Ban Huai Kriab Rattan Weaving Group numbers 38 persons who fashion rattan utensils and operate nine shops.

</doc>
<doc id="6987239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987239" title="Microsoft Expression Web Designer">
Microsoft Expression Web Designer



</doc>
<doc id="6987246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987246" title="Como Pickton CISD">
Como Pickton CISD



</doc>
<doc id="6987247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987247" title="Como-Pickton CISD">
Como-Pickton CISD



</doc>
<doc id="6987249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987249" title="Annie Moore (immigrant)">
Annie Moore (immigrant)

Anna "Annie" Moore (April 24, 1874 – December 6, 1924) was an Irish émigré who was the first immigrant to the United States to pass through federal immigrant inspection at the Ellis Island station in New York Harbor. Bronze statues of Moore, created by Irish sculptor Jeanne Rynhart, are located at Cobh in Ireland and Ellis Island.
Immigration.
Moore arrived at Ellis Island from County Cork, Ireland, aboard the Guion Line steamship "Nevada" on January 1, 1892. Her brothers, Anthony and Philip, who journeyed with her, had just turned 15 and 12, respectively. As the first person to pass inspection at the newly opened facility, she was presented with an American $10 gold piece from an American official.
Family.
Moore's parents, Matthew and Julia, had come to the United States in 1888 and were living at 32 Monroe Street in Manhattan. Annie married a son of German Catholic immigrants, Joseph Augustus Schayer (1876–1960), a salesman at Manhattan's Fulton Fish Market. She died of heart failure on December 6, 1924, at age 50 and is buried in Calvary Cemetery, Queens. Her previously unmarked grave was identified in August 2006. On October 11, 2008, a dedication ceremony was held at Calvary which celebrated the unveiling of a marker for her grave, a Celtic Cross made of Irish Blue Limestone. She had 11 children of whom five survived to adulthood, and three of them had children. The rest all died before the age of three.
Mistaken identity.
A woman named "Annie Moore" who died near Fort Worth, Texas, in 1924 had long been thought to be the one whose arrival marked the beginning of Ellis Island. Further research, however, established that the Annie Moore in Texas was born in Illinois.
Legacy.
Annie Moore is honored by two statues sculpted by Jeanne Rynhart. One stands near Cobh Heritage Centre (formerly Queenstown), her port of departure, and another at Ellis Island, her port of arrival. The image is meant to represent the millions who passed through Ellis Island in pursuit of the American dream.
Annie Moore's life also inspired the song "Isle of Hope, Isle of Tears", which was written by Brendan Graham after visiting Ellis Island. The song has been performed by Ronan Tynan, The Irish Tenors, Sean Keane, Dolores Keane, Daniel O'Donnell, Celtic Thunder, Celtic Woman, Tommy Fleming and The High Kings.
Things named in honour of Moore include the Annie Moore Award, presented annually by the Irish American Cultural Institute, a utility vessel operated for the National Park Service, and a software program developed at Worcester Polytechnic Institute in Massachusetts, Lund University in Sweden, and the University of Oxford in Britain which uses a "matching algorithm" to allocate refugees with no ties to the host country to their new homes.

</doc>
<doc id="6987252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987252" title="The Lady of the Sorrows">
The Lady of the Sorrows

The Lady of the Sorrows is the second book in "The Bitterbynde" Trilogy written by Cecilia Dart-Thornton. It is preceded by "The Ill-Made Mute" and followed by the last book in the trilogy, "The Battle of Evernight", which closes the trilogy.
Plot summary.
Imrhien, who has had her face and voice cured but not her memory, has not completed her mission yet. Maeve One-Eye, the carlin who cured her, gets Imrhien a new identity: Lady Rohain Tarrenys of the Sorrow Isles. Imrhien/Rohain, under cover of night to escape mysterious watchers, heads to Caermelor. After unloading her information with the Duke of Roxburgh, getting assigned a maid, Viviana, and enduring a strenuous dinner with the cruel, jealous Dianella, Rohain heads on a Dainnan frigate to the treasure cache at Waterstair where her friend Sianadh was killed. There the plunderers are captured and the treasure is recovered. Rohain is subsequently rewarded. Afterwards, Rohain travels Isse Tower, where she learns about an unseelie place called Huntingtowers. However, the owner of Huntingtowers leads an attack on Isse Tower, which the King-Emperor and the Dainnan thwart. Back at Isse Tower, Rohain is reunited with Thorn. They leave for Caermelor with Caitri, a kind servant who helped Rohain when she was a servant. Then Thorn is forced to go to Namarre, and despite her pleas to go with him, sends Rohain, in the company of friends, to the royal island sanctuary, Tamhania/Tavaal. When unseelie birds destroy the island, Tamhania is evacuated. Rohain, Viviana and Caitri survive the catastrophe and shelter in a house on the mainland that seems familiar to Rohain. She sends the others to Isse tower while she continues her journey to Huntingtowers, but they follow her. In the wilderness, she renames herself Tahquil, meaning 'warrior'. When they get to Huntingtowers, Imrhein/Rohain/Tahquil discovers a bracelet her father once gave her. This triggers her memory, and she remembers her name, Ashalind, her childhood and how she lost her memory. She also remembers her original quest, to find the exiled Faeran High King Angavar and his entourage and inform him of the whereabouts of the last gate between the Faeren world and Erith, without tipping off his brother Morragan, who is also exiled.

</doc>
<doc id="6987253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987253" title="Edwin Cannan">
Edwin Cannan

Edwin Cannan (3 February 1861 – 8 April 1935) was a British economist and historian of economic thought. He taught at the London School of Economics from 1895 to 1926.
Biography.
Edwin Cannan was the younger son of David Alexander Cannan and artist Jane Dorothea Claude. 
His mother died at the age of 38 of tuberculosis in Madeira, Portugal 18 days after her son Edwin was born. He studied at Balliol College, Oxford.
As a follower of William Stanley Jevons, Edwin Cannan is perhaps best known for his logical dissection and destruction of Classical theory in his famous 1894 tract "A History of the Theories of Production and Distribution". Although Cannan had personal and professional difficulties with Alfred Marshall, he was still "Marshall's man" at the LSE from 1895 to 1926. During that time, particularly during his long stretch as chairman after 1907, Edwin Cannan shepherded the LSE away from its roots in Fabian socialism into tentative Marshallianism. This period was only to last, however, until his protégé, Lionel Robbins, took over with his more "Continental" ideas.
Though Cannan, in his early years as an economist, was a critic of classical economics and an ally of interventionists, he moved sharply to the side of classical liberalism in the early 20th century. He favoured simplicity, clarity, and common sense in the exposition of economics. Cannan emphasised the institutional foundation of economic systems.
Cannan is buried at Wolvercote Cemetery Oxford, England.

</doc>
<doc id="6987254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987254" title="Vasif Asadov">
Vasif Asadov

Vasif Asadov (born 27 August 1965) is a retired male triple jumper who represented the Soviet Union and later Azerbaijan. He won bronze medals at the 1988 European Indoor Championships in Budapest and the 1995 Asian Championships in Jakarta. He competed for Azerbaijan at the 1996 Summer Olympics, without reaching the final. His personal best results was 17.37 metres, achieved in February 1988 in Volgograd.

</doc>
<doc id="6987255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987255" title="Holy oils">
Holy oils



</doc>
<doc id="6987256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987256" title="Demographics of Sydney">
Demographics of Sydney

Sydney is Australia's most populous city, and is also the most populous city in Oceania. In the 2021 census, 5,231,147 persons declared themselves as residents of the Sydney Statistical Division–about one-fifth (20.58%) of Australia's total population. With a population density of 2037 people per square kilometre, the urban core has population density five times that of the greater region.
Sydney is the most densely populated city in Australia and is also the busiest city in Australia. The median age of Sydney residents was 37 years, and households comprised an average of 2.7 members.
History.
European settlement in Sydney began in 1788, and in 1800 Sydney had around 3,000 non-indigenous inhabitants. It took time for the city's population to grow–in 1851 its population was only 39,000, compared with 77,000 in Melbourne. The subsequent gold rushes in Victoria caused the population of Melbourne to increase rapidly, while the lesser gold rushes in New South Wales had a less profound effect on the population of Sydney.
Sydney overtook Melbourne as Australia's most populous city in the early twentieth century, and reached the million inhabitants milestone around 1925. The opening of the Sydney Harbour Bridge in 1932 helped pave the way for further urban development north of Sydney Harbour. Post-war immigration and a baby boom helped the population reach 2 million by 1962. Sydney remained Australia's most populous city throughout the 20th century, and is projected to retain this position until between 2032 and 2046.
At the August 2021 Australian census, Sydney's population reached 5 million people.
Density.
Sydney is particularly noted for its low population density, due to its history. Surrounded by land that was considered unowned by the city's founders, early Sydney enjoyed relatively low land values. Coupled with successive governments' willingness to release new land on the city's outskirts for further development, this history has given Sydney a low-density self-image.
Multiculturalism.
Most immigrants to Sydney between 1840 and 1930 were British, Irish or Chinese. At the 2021 census, the most commonly nominated ancestries were:
At the 2021 census, there were 2,260,410 people living in Sydney that were born overseas, accounting for 43.2% of the population of Sydney, above Vancouver (42.5%), Los Angeles (37.7%), New York City (37.5%), Chicago (20.7%), Paris (14.6%) and Berlin (13%). Only 31.0% of the population had both parents born in Australia. Sydney has the eighth-largest immigrant population among world metropolitan areas. Foreign countries of birth with the greatest representation are Mainland China, India, England, Vietnam and the Philippines.
42.0% of people in Sydney speak a language other than English at home with Mandarin (5.0%), Arabic (4.2%), Cantonese (2.8%), Vietnamese (2.2%) and Hindi (1.5%) the most widely spoken.
1.7% of the population, or 90,939 people, identified as Indigenous Australians (Aboriginal Australians and Torres Strait Islanders) in 2021.
Sydney has been a hub of a number of migrant communities, such as the Lebanese, Fijian, Korean and Nepalese. Well over half of Australia's 25,000-strong Nepalese community, for example, is concentrated in Sydney. Seven out of every ten Lebanese migrants in Australia live in Sydney. The Ghanaian community has been noted as being quite visible in Sydney, with the number of Ghanaian churches being unusually large considering the relatively small number of Ghanaians in Australia. Furthermore, the suburb of Fairfield in the Greater Western Sydney area, is an ethnic enclave of Assyrian Christians, where they are the largest ethnic group in the suburb and also in the surrounding areas of Fairfield Heights, Prairiewood and Greenfield Park. There is a Romani community in Sydney.
Religion.
As of the 2021 Census, the most common responses for religion in Greater Sydney were Christian (45.8%), Islam (6.3%), Hinduism (4.8%), and Buddhism (3.8%). Among those who identified as Christian, the most common denominations were Catholic (22.1%) and Anglican (9.2%), with 2.5% of responders answering 'Christian: Not further defined'. 
The proportion of people who were not religious or had secular beliefs was 30.5%, up from 24.9% five years prior.

</doc>
<doc id="6987257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987257" title="El Al Cargo">
El Al Cargo



</doc>
<doc id="6987258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987258" title="Kelly Canyon">
Kelly Canyon

Kelly Canyon is an alpine ski area in eastern Idaho, in the Targhee National Forest. Northeast of Idaho Falls, it straddles the county line in the southeastern corner of Jefferson County and also in southern Madison County. The ski area opened in 1957, founded by E. Bud Johnson.
The summit is at an elevation of above sea level with a vertical drop of , on of slopes. Lift service includes four double chairlifts and a rope tow on the north-facing slopes. The terrain is rated at 35% easiest, 45% more difficult, and 20% most difficult.
The annual snowfall is , supplemented with snowmaking. The ski area is open seven days a week.
Kelly Canyon also has Nordic skiing and snowshoeing trails, just beyond the alpine lifts. The snowshoe trails are designated with Atlas Snowshoe markers for easy navigation.

</doc>
<doc id="6987262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987262" title="Heroes of Mana">
Heroes of Mana

Heroes of Mana is a 2007 real-time strategy game developed by Brownie Brown and Square Enix and published by Square Enix for the Nintendo DS. It is the ninth game of the "Mana" series and the fourth entry in the "World of Mana" subseries, following the release of "Dawn of Mana" three months prior. Set in a high fantasy universe, "Heroes of Mana" follows a young soldier, Roget, as he journeys to defend several nations from the ruthless aggression of his own country in a series of battles.
While it contains some small role-playing elements, "Heroes of Mana" is a real-time strategy game, unlike the prior action role-playing game titles of the series. Composed of a series of strategic battles, the player gathers resources, constructs buildings and units, and fights enemy forces to achieve objectives on fixed isometric grid maps. The Nintendo DS's second screen displays a map of the ongoing battle, and buildings and units are constructed inside of the player's airship and dropped onto the map by the flying base. Players can fight several dozen required and optional battles in the single-player game, as well as local multiplayer matches.
"Heroes of Mana" was produced by series creator Koichi Ishii and directed by Takeo Oin; it is the final game in the series to involve Ishii. The story was written by Masato Kato, and the music was composed by Yoko Shimomura. The game was not a commercial success, selling around 180,000 copies worldwide by the end of 2007, less than contemporary "Mana" games. While critics generally praised the graphics, they were dismissive of the plot, mixed on the actual gameplay and sharply negative on what they saw as poor artificial intelligence and pathfinding inhibiting actual play.
Gameplay.
Like previous games in the "Mana" series, "Heroes of Mana" features a top-down perspective, in which the player characters navigate the terrain and fight off hostile creatures and enemies. Unlike prior games in the series, which are typically action role-playing games, "Heroes" is a real-time strategy game (RTS), in which the player controls up to 25 units in battles on fixed maps. Units are controlled via the Nintendo DS touch screen, selected by tapping on them and sent to destinations or to attack by tapping on their target. The game world is divided into an isometric grid, with one unit allowed per space. The Nintendo DS's second screen shows a map of the current mission, including which parts of the map can currently be seen by the player's units and which parts are covered by fog of war. Individual units and enemies are shown on the map in the visible areas.
Some of the units available to the player are characters in the game's storyline, while the rest are monsters which can be summoned by the player. Resources, divided into berries and minerals, are gathered from resource nodes by Rabite units. Minerals are used to create buildings, while berries are used to create units from those buildings. Both buildings and units are built inside of the player's airship, and units are then dropped onto the battlefield by the movable ship. The game features some role-playing elements; characters during the course of the game learn new skills over time, and can be given equipment to increase their attack and defense. New equipment is obtained through completing story and bonus missions and finding hidden treasure. During the course of the game's story the player also acquires new summons and heroes. Missions can have different ending conditions, such as destroying an enemy carrier or defeating all enemies in the area. There are over 20 missions in the game's story, as well as dozens of bonus missions which become available as the player advances through the game which do not advance the plot but can give the player more items and summons.
"Heroes of Mana" features a local multiplayer option, where players can battle against each other using the progress they have made in the single-player game. There is no multiplayer support on the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection service, though players can use it to access the Wi-Fi Heroes Ranking system to download additional maps, missions, and items.
Plot.
"Heroes of Mana" opens with a reconnaissance mission by a group of soldiers from Pedda into the beastman kingdom of Ferolia. The group, including the soldier Roget and his captain Yerchael, are on their airship, the Nightswan, when they are shot down by Ferolian ships. After crash-landing in a forest and getting separated, Roget and Yurchael fight their way back to the rest of the group through the Ferolian army before running into the Peddan military. The Peddans claim not to know about the group and attack them; after fleeing Roget and Yurchael discover that Pedda is invading Ferolia, and attacking peaceful villages as they do. Unable to support the invasion, the group rebels against Pedda and joins forces with the Ferolians.
They soon learn that the king of Pedda and Roget's childhood friend, Inath, has been driven mad and is launching Operation Psi with the aim of taking over the world. Roget and Yerchael journey to the other nations in order to help stop the Peddan army. They join forces with the rulers and warriors of several countries, including the defeated Amazons of Laurent, the rebels of Nevarla, which has allied itself with Pedda, and the warriors of Valsena and Altena. As they fight the Peddan army, they discover that Inath is installing Black Mirrors in the conquered kingdoms, which are corrupting those around them. Roget and Yurchael are joined in their quest by the elemental spirits, which are concerned about the mirrors. After confronting Roget's twin brother, the Mirage Bishop, they discover that Inath and the Mirage Bishop have been corrupted by the ancient witch Anise, who is planting the mirrors in order to summon a dark energy for her own power.
Roget and Yerchael join forces with Belgar, the Oracle of Shadows from the holy city of Wendel, who discovers that Anise is hoping to use the dark energy from the mirrors to turn herself into a goddess. Roget and his allies journey to the Mirage Castle to confront Anise, only for her to finish pulling the dark energy from the mirrors before they can stop her. The dark energy kills Inath and the Mirage Bishop, and Anise combines her form with a possessed Peddan general to create the Goddess of Doom. The allied forces fight and defeat the Goddess, ending the threat from Pedda, and return to their home countries.
Development.
In 2003, Square Enix began developing "polymorphic content", a marketing and sales strategy to "[provide] well-known properties on several platforms, allowing exposure of the products to as wide an audience as possible". The first of these was the "Compilation of Final Fantasy VII", and Square Enix intended to have campaigns for other series whereby multiple games in different genres would be developed simultaneously. In early 2005, Square Enix announced a "World of Mana" project, the application of this "polymorphic content" idea to the "Mana" franchise, which would include several games across different genres and platforms. These games, as with the rest of the series, would not be direct sequels or prequels to one another, even if appearing so at first glance, but would instead share thematic connections. The fourth release in this project and the ninth release in the "Mana" series was announced in September 2006 as "Heroes of Mana", the second Nintendo DS game in the "World of Mana" series and the first real-time strategy game in the series. It was first announced in "Famitsu" magazine and subsequently featured at the Tokyo Game Show.
"Heroes of Mana" was produced by series creator Koichi Ishii, directed by Takeo Oin, and written by Masato Kato. Ishii had previously produced or directed all of the previous "Mana" games, while Kato also wrote the stories for "Children of Mana" (2006) and "Dawn of Mana" (2006). The game was developed by Brownie Brown, who previously helped develop "Sword of Mana" (2003). Ishii created the overall design, and Brownie Brown worked directly with him to implement it. As the series creator, Ishii felt it was important to be directly involved in all stages of development. "Heroes of Mana" was created as an RTS game to complement the other titles in the "World of Mana" project, which all offer a spin on the original "Seiken Densetsu" formula. Ishii stated that it was also to help expose Japanese gamers to real-time strategy games, a genre that is relatively obscure in Japan, while simultaneously satisfying players abroad with an RTS for an unconventional console, as most real-time strategy games are released for personal computers. To match this mission, the game was designed for more casual players than the typical fan of the traditionally role-playing game series. The Nintendo DS was chosen as the platform partially due to the system's multiplayer potential as well as giving the sensation of touching the game. The team found developing an RTS for the Nintendo DS to be difficult, and had to start development over at one point. Although prior to the "World of Mana" project Ishii has said that the games in the series are only thematically connected, "Heroes" is explicitly set as a prequel to "Trials of Mana" (1995), depicting battles between the nations present in that game. It is set one generation prior to "Trials of Mana", with some characters noted as the parents of characters in the other game.
Music.
The score for "Heroes of Mana" was composed by Yoko Shimomura, who had previously composed the music for "Legend of Mana" in 1999. The musical style of the soundtrack is primarily orchestral, with the addition of a strong piano and drums that sometimes verge on a more tribal rhythm. The album "Seiken Densetsu: Heroes of Mana Original Soundtrack" collects 49 tracks from the game on 2 discs and is nearly two and a half hours long. It was published by Square Enix on April 18, 2007. Three of the game's tracks were released as part of "Drammatica: The Very Best Works of Yoko Shimomura", a 2008 arranged album highlighting the composer's work: "To the Heroes of Old ~Opening Theme from Heroes of Mana~", "The Way the Heart Is" (as "Tango Appassionata"), and "The Tale Told by the Wind ~Ending Theme from Heroes of Mana~". Shimomura carefully chose the songs to be included on the album based on their apparent popularity among fans and how suitable they are for orchestra.
Reception.
"Heroes of Mana" sold over 98,500 copies in Japan by the end of 2007. It sold 30,000 copies in North America and 50,000 in Europe as of November 2007, a few weeks after release in North America. Initial sales were lower than those for "Children of Mana", the other Nintendo DS title in the series released one year earlier. Koichi Ishii attributed this to the overall lack of experience and popularity of the RTS genre in Japan.
Upon its release, "Heroes of Mana" received generally poor to middling reviews over a wide range, with numerical scores that range from 35 to 85 out of 100. Reviewers praised Heroes of Mana's graphics and visual style; IGN's Bozon praised the "classic character art" and "hand-painted backdrops", GameSpot's Kevin VanOrd noted the colorful graphics and "overflowing" animations, and Eurogamer's Simon Parkin said that the "fantastic presentation and artwork" "sugar-coated" the game. Patrick Gann of RPGFan, on the other hand, said that besides the cinematics and character portraits the graphics were not impressive, with poor sprites and animation. The plot was not as highly received; while Bozon called it a "pretty involving piece of "Mana" mythos", VanOrd said only that it was not "particularly engaging, but it's pleasant enough", while Parkin called the story "lingering intrusions" and Gann found it well written, but too linear and clichéd. The reviewer for "GamePro" said that "the overall story doesn't grip players" and that there were too many characters to get attached to any of them. Gann called out the music as beautiful, though it was not mentioned by other reviewers.
The gameplay received very mixed reviews, with the artificial intelligence universally derided and other gameplay elements garnering a range of opinions. Bozon said that "the A.I. can be a real pain, as characters often take extremely odd routes to destinations or show command issues when engaging enemies", Joe Juba of "Game Informer" called the pathfinding "laughably terrible", a criticism echoed by Jeremy Parish of 1UP.com, and Parkin called it "an unmitigated disaster". VanOrd termed it "the worst, most broken system of unit pathfinding ever devised", and Gann felt it was so bad that it showed that the developers "had no idea what they were doing" in making an RTS. Bozon felt that the overall real-time strategy gameplay, however, was deep, if a bit slow, as did VanOrd. Parkin felt that the gameplay was "easy and intuitive", though slow, while Parish felt that the limitations of the Nintendo DS's small screens made the game too streamlined for an RTS game. Juba and the "GamePro" reviewer felt that the restrictions necessary to fit an RTS on a system the size of the DS made the game too simple and easy. The Japanese "Famitsu" review, however, felt that the game worked well as an RTS for the Nintendo DS, and was well-suited to the console. Both Bozon and Parish felt that the local multiplayer was better than the single-player game, though Bozon felt that the lack of online multiplayer was stifling and VanOrd felt that the tie between the multiplayer game and the player's single-player progress imbalanced any game where both players had not fully completed the storyline.

</doc>
<doc id="6987263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987263" title="Dry-stone wall">
Dry-stone wall



</doc>
<doc id="6987265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987265" title="Cold Blooded Old Times">
Cold Blooded Old Times



</doc>
<doc id="6987267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987267" title="Amami se vuoi">
Amami se vuoi



</doc>
<doc id="6987268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987268" title="One Cold Winter's Night">
One Cold Winter's Night

One Cold Winter's Night is the second live album by American power metal band Kamelot, released in 2006 on the SPV label Steamhammer in Germany. It is the second live album and first live DVD from the band, and was released on November 14, 2006. It marks the first appearance of Oliver Palotai on keyboards. The album featured guest appearances by Simone Simons while the second disc of the DVD set contained a number of interviews and videos.
The CD release contained the audio from the live in Oslo, Norway on 11 February 2006.
DVD track listing.
Disc 2 - Extras.
Journey Within:
Videos:
Miscellaneous:

</doc>
<doc id="6987269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987269" title="Numa Numa Project">
Numa Numa Project



</doc>
<doc id="6987271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987271" title="Baron of Loughmoe">
Baron of Loughmoe

The title Baron of Loughmoe is an Irish feudal barony located in northern County Tipperary, Ireland. It was first held by Richard Purcell but the lands and castle were actually secured by Hugh Purcell of Loughmoe, first lord of Loughmoe. The title was possibly raised to a Jacobite peerage in 1690 while James II was in exile, Marquis de Ruvigny notes this in his 'The Jacobite Peerage, Baronetage, Knightage and Grants of Honour' Click here for link. The feudal title was granted to Richard Purcell in 1328 by James Butler, 1st Earl of Ormond as palatine Lord of Tipperary. Irish and Scottish feudal titles, particularly those granted by palatine lords, are difficult to classify in law, they are acknowledged as genuine hereditaments by the arms granting bodies of Ireland, Scotland, and England, but were never formally recognized by the Crown.
The seat of the Baron of Loughmoe is Loughmoe Castle at Loughmore Village, Templemore, Co. Tipperary.
History.
The earliest documented Purcell is the Norman Hugh Purcell, who, in 1035 AD, granted the tithes of Montmarquet, a vill on the frontiers of Picardy, and near Aumerle, to the Abbey of Aumerle. 
The successor of Sir Hugh Purcell was Dyno Purcell, who in about 1120, received a grant of the manor of Catteshull, Surrey, from King Henry I. Catteshull is a manor and tithing the north-east of Godalming (Surrey), and included lands in Chiddingfold. Øyno married a daughter of Nigel de Broc, a famous Justiciar of the time. In 1129–30, his elder son Geoffrey, the King's usher (hostiarius), paid his relief for his father's land and held it free of toll as it had been in his father's time, and gave it to Reading Abbey on becoming a monk there. This gift was confirmed both by the Empress Maud and by her opponent Stephen. No mention is made of Catteshull in the confirmatory grants of Henry II to Reading Abbey, and he seems to have regranted it to Ralph de Broc, son of Øyno Purcell (identical with Ralph Purcell), to hold by the service of usher of the king's chamber. 
Geoffrey's brother and heir, Ranulf, assumed his mother's name of De Broc apparently in 1156, as the Pipe Roll of that year for Hampshire he is styled De Broc and for Surrey he is still called Purcell.
Dyno's son, Ranulf Purcell, took his mother's name, de Broc, and was implicated in the assassination of Thomas Becket. Ranulf was excommunicated for theft of property of the Archbishopric by Becket, on Christmas Day, 1170, the traditional day of forgiveness. When Henry II, who was in Normandy, heard of this, he is said to have asked why none of his knights had rid him of "this troublesome priest". A few days later, four knights arrived at Saltwood, Ranulf de Broc's castle in Kent. After the murder, Saltwood was confiscated by Henry for De Broc's involvement in the murder. De Broc argued that the knights had lied to him and said Henry had ordered Becket be arrested.
Just as Randulf de Broc had no male issue, neither had his nephew Robert, who as Justiciar is frequently mentioned in the public Records; Robert came to be represented by the De Lodges' and the Peto's.
The Purcell male representation then passed to the family of the lords of Newton-Purcell Oxon., and Shareshull, Staffordshire. Ralph, the founder of this line, inherited those manors and others in Normandy, near Rouen, together with the Court Office, viz.: Usher of the King's Chamber, as well as his maternal uncle Robert Burnell's Court Office of Usher, who was living in 1129–30 and enjoyed the Royal favour shown by the remission of the Dane-Geld. About 1154, a charter of confirmation of his uncle's lands and office passed attested, among others, by St. Thomas a Beckett, the Chancellor. About 1160 he made a grant of land in Normandy to the Abbey of the Holy Trinity, Rouen. He must have lived to a great age, as he obtained another confirmation under the payment from King John A.D. 1200. He was the Patriarch of a numerous tribe in England and Ireland; one of his sons being Hugh, who took part in the English Invasion of Ireland in 1171 and became the founder of the House of Purcell in that country.
Norman invasion of Ireland 1171 AD.
According to O'Hart, this Hugh was the unnamed knight mentioned by Giraldus Cambrensis, as slain at Waterford. Hugh had been left in command of Waterford while the King departed for Dublin,
 ..."on the morrow, seeking to cross the river in one of the native boats to hold parley with the King, the boatmen rose upon him in the middle of the stream, stabbed him with their long 'skeans' and the threw the body into the river."
In 1171 Sir Hugh Purcell was a knight who participated in the Norman invasion of Ireland, and around 1204 his grandson Sir Hugh married Beatrix, daughter of Theobald FitzWalter, Chief Butler of Ireland. As part of his marriage, Hugh received from FitzWalter, the town of Loughmoe. Sir Hugh founded, in 1241, a Monastery of Franciscans or Grey Friars in Waterford. Hugh's tomb is described by 17th century sources as having on it, the figure of a man in armour, in high relief, with a shield on his left arm, on which were three lions passant guardant in pale. The crest of course is that of the Plantagenets.
Castle.
Southern tower
The southern tower was built much earlier than the remainder and includes arrow holes, murder holes, spiral staircases and rounded corners. There are still staircases and different floors remaining in the old, 13th-century tower. However, the remainder, built sometime later, is now in ruins.
List of the Barons of Loughmoe.
The following in an incomplete list of those who have held the title of Lord or Baron of Loughmoe:
Lord of Loughmoe
Baron of Loughmoe
Earliest records.
The earliest records regarding the Barons of Loughmoe is a grant from Hugh Purcell of Loughmoe to the Abbey of Saint Thomas, Dublin.
"Universis Christi fidelibus presentes litteras inspecturis Hugo Purcel salutem:
Noverit universitas vestra me, divine pietatis intuitu, pro salute anime mee, patris mei, et matris mee, et Beatricis, sponse me, et liberorum meorum, consisse et quietum clamasse, Deo et ecclessia de Kildroch.
Et ut mea quitea clamacio firmitatem obtineat, sigillum Thome Purcel, commilitonis mei, presenti scripto, quia proprium sigillum meum in partibu Dublinie non-habui curam apponere.
Hiis testibus: Waltero Purcel, patre meo; Thoma Purcel; Milone de Rocheford; Ricardo de Midia, clerico."
The English translation of this is,
"All trustworthy Christians salute and examine the present grant of Hugh Purcell:
Know that I, divine piety, for the salvation of my soul, my father, my mother, and Beatrix my fiance, and my book, concise and tranquil, God and the Church of Kildroch.
And in order to prevent a discharge of my stability, the present script is sealed by Thomas Purcell, my comrade, and my own seal and parts of Dublin did not have to take the trouble.
The witness: Walter Purcell, my father; Thomas Purcell; Milon of Rocheford, Richard of Midia, clerk."
Richard Purcell.
Richard Purcell was a "direct descendant", perhaps grandson, of Sir Hugh Purcell, 1st Lord of Loughmoe. He had the Feudal title of "Baron of Loughmoe" granted to him by James Butler or James le Bottiler, 1st Earl of Ormond.
Geoffrey Rothe Purcell.
It is noted in the introduction to the Elegy of James Purcell that Geoffrey Rothe Purcell united a dispute between the Butler family and the Purcell family.
Peter Purcell.
Peter Purcell was granted a life of Annuity by Edward IV.
James Purcell of Loughmoe.
James Purcell of Loughmoe was a Baron who attacked much neighboring tribes and farms.
The May 1652 act of settlement - James and Nicholas Purcell.
James Purcell died in 1652 and was buried at the Holy Cross abbey. His son, Nicholas Purcell, was the last Baron of Loughmoe, and the maternal nephew of James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormonde. Nicholas was born in 1651. The May 1652 act of settlement saw to it that his father, a Roman Catholic, lost the lands his family had held since 1198. However, James Purcell's marriage to the sister of the Duke of Ormonde enabled a powerful contact, which assured allocation of some property. This did not occur without great difficulty.
Nicholas Purcell.
Born in 1651 at an unknown date, Nicholas Purcell of Loughmoe was the first son of Colonel James Purcell (1609–1652), 12th Baron of Loughmoe, and Elizabeth Butler, daughter of Thomas Butler, Viscount Thurles. Between 1652 and 1656, his mother lost and regained her lands in Galway no fewer than four times.
With the Restoration of King Charles II in 1660, the family's fortunes improved. Elizabeth Purcell returned to Loughmoe and again enjoyed the jointure of £300 a year she had received before her removal. The young Baron Nicholas would have been eight or nine at this time and it was probably the first time he had seen his ancestral home. About this time, Elizabeth Purcell married Colonel John Fitzpatrick at Loughmoe; her children were present at the wedding.
By King's Order in a letter dated circa 31 October 1661 the Duke of Ormonde, Baron Nicholas' maternal uncle, was appointed guardian of the young Baron. It would appear that the majority of work in respect to the recovery and management of the Baron's estate fell to Colonel Fitzpatrick who discharged his duty with scrupulous fidelity. Under the Down Survey of 1663 all of the historically Purcell lands, a total of 11,489 acres (46.49 km2) were granted to Baron Nicholas. These lands ran from Holy Cross to Templemore, and included the castles of Loughmoe, Rathelty, Dovea, Ballinahow, Lisheentagirt, Beakstown, Brownestown and Rorodstown. The total value of the property in 1640 was £4,340.
Little is known of the life of Baron Nicholas. This is a significant period of his life, from age 15 to 35. It is known that Baron Nicholas was tutored privately at Loughmoe and spent a considerable part of his day horse riding. At some time in this period Baron Nicholas married the Honourable Rose Trevor, daughter of Viscount Dungannon
Henry Purcell.
The English composer Henry Purcell was related to the Purcell family of Loughmoe. He was the son of Henry Purcell, born
in Ireland, and was the grandson of Thomas Purcell of Gortanny and Ballyross, Co., Tipperary, who was cousin of the Baron of Loughmoe.

</doc>
<doc id="6987272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987272" title="Renault PK">
Renault PK

The PK and New PK are successive generations of a minicar manufactured and marketed by Pars Khodro for model years 2000-2007 using the body of the first-generation Renault 5 and the engine of the Kia Pride. "PK" is an acronym for Pars Khodro.
After 24 years of manufacture of the Renault 5 as the Sepand in Iran by SAIPA, and subsequently Pars Khodro, from 1976 to 2000, Pars Khodro combined the first generation Renault 5 body and Kia Pride underpinnings. The Renault 5 bodywork was modified and features were added, including air conditioning. The result was the PK, which was manufactured until superseded by the New PK in 2005.
The New PK was a mild facelift of the PK, again using the chassis of the first generation Renault 5 combined with the drivetrain from Kia Pride.
Manufacturing of the New PK commenced in 2005, featuring minor minor revisions from the PK models, e.g., enlarged taillights and bodywork largely similar to the Renault 5. Production was ended in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="6987273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987273" title="Lebanon Express">
Lebanon Express

The Lebanon Express was a weekly newspaper in Lebanon, Oregon. It was owned by Lee Enterprises. The paper ceased publication in January 2023.
History.
The "Lebanon Express" was first published by Jacob H. Stine on March 5, 1887. Stine left the paper after a year. In 1987, Hugh Yandel Kirkpatrick merged the "Lebanon Express" with the "Lebanon Advance" to form "Lebanon Express-Advance." The name was changed back to the "Lebanon Express" in 1912"."
Robert Hayden owned the "Lebanon Express" for 34 years until selling it in 1970 to the Democrat-Herald Publishing Co. Capital Cities purchased the company in 1980, which itself was acquired by The Walt Disney Company in 1995.&lt;ref name="Disney acquisition of Capital Cities/ABC Inc."&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; Disney sold its Oregon newspapers to Lee Enterprises in 1997.
The paper published its final edition on Jan. 18, 2023 and rolled coverage of the area into The "Albany Democrat-Herald."

</doc>
<doc id="6987275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987275" title="Jan Cado">
Jan Cado



</doc>
<doc id="6987276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987276" title="1979 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season">
1979 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season

The 1979 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season was the 31st F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship season.
Season summary.
A season of changing fortunes in the 500cc class saw American, Kenny Roberts capture his second crown in the face of the Suzuki-mounted opposition. In the 50cc class, Eugenio Lazzarini won every race in which he finished to take the championship. Angel Nieto dominated on a Minarelli to take his seventh world championship. Kork Ballington would repeat as double world champion in the 250cc and 350cc classes for Kawasaki.
Defending champion Roberts was injured in a pre-season test but came back to win round two in impressive fashion. His rivals also suffered from bad luck. Hartog breaking his arm in practice, Cecotto badly breaking his kneecap in Austria and Sheene suffering from mechanical failures. The 1979 British Grand Prix would be remembered as one of the greatest races of the modern era with Roberts beating Sheene to the finish line by three-hundredths of a second.
After an eleven-year absence from world championship racing, Honda returned to competition with the exotic, four-stroke NR500 ridden by riders Mick Grant and Takazumi Katayama at the British Grand Prix. The motorcycle featured an engine with oval-shaped cylinders as well as a monocoque chassis. Both bikes retired from the race, Grant crashing out on the first turn after the bike spilled oil onto his rear tire. Katayama retired on the seventh lap due to ignition problems.
The top riders boycotted the Belgian Grand Prix over safety issues showing their increasing dissatisfaction with the way the FIM conducted races. After several safety issues, the top riders banded together near the end of the year to announce that they would create a competing championship called the "World Series". Although the series never got off the ground, the riders had flexed their political muscles and it forced the FIM to change the way they dealt with races and the riders themselves. The FIM announced an increase in prize money for the following year. This would mark the beginning of an era of increased professionalism in the sport.

</doc>
<doc id="6987282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987282" title="The World Ends with You">
The World Ends with You

The World Ends with You is an action role-playing game co-developed by Square Enix and Jupiter for the Nintendo DS. Set in the modern-day Shibuya shopping district of Tokyo, "The World Ends with You" features a distinctive art style and urban fantasy elements inspired by Shibuya and its youth culture. Development was inspired by elements of Jupiter's previous handheld game, . It was released in Japan in July 2007, and in PAL regions and North America in April 2008. Later, an enhanced port by h.a.n.d. for mobile devices was released in 2012 under the title The World Ends with You: Solo Remix, while another enhanced port for the Nintendo Switch was released worldwide in 2018 under the title The World Ends with You: Final Remix.
In the story, protagonist Neku Sakuraba and his allies are forced to participate in a game that will determine their fate. The battle system uses many of the unique features of the Nintendo DS, including combat that takes place on both screens, and attacks performed by certain motions on the touchscreen or by shouting into the microphone. Elements of Japanese youth culture, such as fashion, food, and cell phones, are key aspects of the missions and character progression.
"The World Ends with You" received critical acclaim upon release, with critics praising the graphics, soundtrack, and integration of gameplay into the Shibuya setting, with minor criticism directed at its learning curve and occasionally imprecise touch-screen controls. It is regarded as one of the best Nintendo DS games, and one of the greatest video games ever made. In the first week of its release, the game was the second best-selling DS title in Japan, and the top-selling DS title in North America. Shiro Amano, writer and artist of the "Kingdom Hearts" manga, later created a manga based on the video game. An anime adaptation by Square Enix, DOMERICA, and Shin-Ei Animation aired from April 10 to June 26, 2021.
The iPhone, iPad and Android versions were removed in July 2023.
A sequel, "", was released worldwide on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4 on July 27, 2021, and on Windows on September 28.
Gameplay.
"The World Ends with You" is an action role-playing game arranged into three chapters based on the three weeks that Neku is involved in the Reapers' Game, with each chapter further divided by each day of the week. The player controls Neku and his partner as they explore Shibuya to complete each day's mission. Although most missions require completion within a certain time for Neku and his partner, this timer is not correlated to the passage of time for the player.
Shibuya is divided into several districts, some of which may be inaccessible on certain days or blocked by a wall that can only be removed by satisfying the request of a nearby Reaper, such as erasing Noise symbols, wearing a certain brand of clothing, or bringing an item. Neku can scan the area by activating a special pin, which reveals the thoughts of the non-player characters in the Realground and memes, hints which may help to progress the plot. The scan also reveals random Noise symbols that drift about the area, or in some cases, float around a specific character. The player initiates a battle by touching Noise symbols; each symbol constitutes one round of battle. Selecting more than one Noise symbol at a time results in a multi-round battle, referred to in-game as multiple noise "reductions", that gradually increases in difficulty with each round and has greater rewards upon success. Altering the difficulty of the Noise and the amount of health for Neku and his partner also alter the benefits gained.
Each district has fashion trends that affect gameplay. By wearing pins or clothing from more popular brands in that district, items' effects will be improved; wearing the least fashionable items will do the opposite, and items from brands in between are not affected. However, the player can increase a brand's popularity in one district by repeatedly fighting battles in that district while wearing items of that brand. The player can enter shops to buy new pins, clothes, and food items that are consumed during battles to improve the characters' basic attributes.
After completing the game, the player can return to any day in the story and play events again with the characters' current statistics and inventory. "Secret Reports", written segments that reveal background elements of the story, can be unlocked through this mode by completing specific missions during each day. Completing the game allows the player to access "Another Day", an additional day of missions that explains certain events related to the main storyline. It has a minigame called "Tin Pin Slammer", also known as "Marble Slash", that can be played against computer opponents or with up to three others via a wireless connection. It is similar to the marble game ringer, as each player attempts to use their pins to knock the other players' pins off the game board.
"The World Ends with You" features "psych pins", decorative pins which possess powers that Neku can only activate while wearing them. Psych pins are used for combat, for "Tin Pin Slammer/Marble Slash", or as trade value for money or equipment. Most pins, particularly those used in combat, can become more powerful as the player accumulates "Pin Points" (PP) which can also lead to the evolution of the pins into more potent versions. Pin Points are mainly earned through battle, but can also be earned through a period of inactivity with the game, by interacting with other DS players, or randomly if none are found. Each of these methods influences the growth of pins.
Combat.
The game's combat system is called the "Stride Cross Battle System". The combat takes place across both screens of the DS, with Neku on the touchscreen and his partner on the top screen, representing the different "zones" of the same local area; the two characters battle the enemies that exist in both "zones" simultaneously. Neku and his partner are synchronized during battle and share the same health bar. Therefore, even if one character does not take any damage, the pair can fail in battle if the other takes too much. A green "light puck" will pass between the characters during battle; damage is increased by alternating battle between the character who possesses the puck. The movement of the light puck is determined by the "sync ratio" between Neku and his partner; the puck stays longer with the character with higher ratios. The player can equip Neku and his partner with clothing that can alter the light puck's speed. The light puck also can magnify Neku and his partner's attacks, and as long as they hold it, they are not attacked by an enemy and can continue it in a volley.
The player controls Neku by performing touchscreen actions based on the currently equipped pins. These actions include slashing across an enemy, tapping the screen rapidly to fire bullets, holding down on an enemy to inflict damage, or shouting into the microphone to cause a full-screen attack. Other pins must be touched to activate them, such as for health restoration. Each pin has a limited number of uses before it must recharge for a certain time. Other pins can be used a fixed number of times during a series of battles, and do not recharge until the battle is over. Neku can only be equipped with a maximum of two pins at the start of the game, but this can eventually be upgraded to a maximum of six.
Neku's partner on the top screen can be controlled by the player using the face buttons, although players can also have the computer assist them. Each of Neku's partners has a card game-based mechanic; for example, Shiki's card game requires the player to match face-down Zener cards. The partner can perform a basic attack after the player navigates through a pathway of arrows to select one of several shown cards using the directional pad or face buttons. By navigating to a card that fits within the card game rules, the player earns a star. Once enough stars are collected, the player can launch a powerful "Fusion" attack using both Neku and his partner through the "Harmonizer Pin" that appears on the upper right of the touchscreen, assuming that the player has not rearranged where it is displayed. The player can also help the partner character dodge attacks.
In the game's re-releases on single screen systems, such as mobile and Switch, the battle system is modified to reflect the lack of a second screen. The current partner instead acts as a separate pin among Neku's other pins, which the player can call in to perform attacks by similar touchscreen actions, like tapping on an enemy or slashing down on one. The player must balance the use of the partner pin with Neku's attacks, going to their partner repeatedly to build up towards the Fusion attack. The Fusion attack is launched by tapping the partner pin on the screen; the player then has a limited period of time to complete card-based minigames to build up a damage multiplier. For example, with Shiki as their partner, the player is shown one Zener card, along with several other Zener cards that are shown face-up for a moment before being turned over. The player must select those face-down cards that were matches for the shown Zener card. The Switch version offers a local cooperative mode, where a second player using a second Joy-Con has control over the partner character and a limited set of pin attacks during battle.
Synopsis.
Setting.
The game takes place in a fictional version of the Shibuya shopping district in Tokyo, Japan. While everyday life goes on in the Realground (RG), the chosen dead are brought to an alternate plane of existence called the Underground (UG), which serves as the venue for the Reapers' Game. By offering their most treasured possession to enter the Game, the dead gain the chance to contest for the prize: to be brought back to life or transcend to a higher form of spiritual existence. Most of those who choose to transcend become Reapers, the opponents of players in future Games. Each Game lasts a week and is a contest to judge the worth of humanity. Players set out to accomplish objectives under the rules created by the Composer, a god-like entity that maintains Shibuya. The highest among the Reapers, the Conductor, tasks other Reapers to obstruct the players' efforts. Failure to complete a mission will disperse the mind and spirit of the player or Reaper, thus erasing their existence.
A player in the UG is invisible to the living in the RG, though one can sometimes read and influence their thoughts. The UG is frequented by creatures called "Noise", which are attracted by the negative feelings of the living. To progress in the Reapers' Game, players are often required to defeat Noise by killing or "erasing" them. However, each Noise exists in two parallel universes, or "zones", simultaneously, and can only be defeated by two players simultaneously fighting and defeating the Noise from these separate zones. To do so, players are required to form a pact with another player to survive the Noise. Players receive assignments via text messages sent to their cell phones, and their right hands are imprinted with a countdown indicating the time left in the mission. After a day's mission is complete, the remaining players find themselves at the start of the next day's mission, having no sense of the time that has passed in between.
Characters.
The player controls , an initially asocial teenage boy who claims that he does not "get" people, and rarely interacts with others at first. Computer-controlled characters make up the rest of the cast, which includes players paired with Neku. In the first Game, Neku is paired with , a teenage girl who takes on the form of her best friend, as her physical appearance was her price of entry for the Game. In the second Game, Neku's partner is an intelligent and sly teenage boy, , who prefers to be called . Neku's final partner is , originally a player and ex-Reaper who calls himself . Beat became a Reaper to find a way to bring his younger sister, (nicknamed ), back to life, as she had sacrificed herself to save him from a Noise attack. , the Producer, bound her soul to a pin from which her Noise could be summoned, and gave it to Beat. The final Game Master, , crushes her Noise form and transforms it back into a pin.
Besides the Composer and the Conductor, there are other high-ranking Reapers. For each week of the Game, Game Masters are assigned by the Conductor to lead the opposition to the players. Of the Game Masters opposing Neku, is the most dangerous, as he willingly circumvents the rules in an attempt to supplant the Composer. While participating in the Games to earn promotions for their performance, the Reapers' goal is to ascend to the highest form of spiritual existence, the Angels. Angels supervise the Games and, if the stakes of a Game are particularly high, they send down one of their own to serve as the Producer. For the three weeks of the game's story, Sanae Hanekoma is the Producer. Disguised as a Shibuya café owner, he guides new players and narrates the "Secret Reports", which are obtained by completing additional missions after completing the game.
Plot.
The game's story follows Neku over the three weeks that he plays the Game, paired with partners Shiki, Joshua, and Beat for each week, respectively. Neku is initially confused, as he does not know how he died or how he arrived at the UG. As he develops friendships with his partners, he starts to understand the rules of the Game. After the first week, only Shiki is allowed to return to the living, and she promises to meet Neku at the statue of Hachikō. He also recovers his entry fee, which was his memories, except for the events leading up to his death. However, Shiki has become what Neku values most, and she is used as his new entry fee for the second week; in addition, Beat defects to the Reapers in hopes of finding a way to resurrect Rhyme after she sacrifices herself to save him. During the second week, Neku recalls small details of his death; he eventually realizes that Sho Minamimoto, one of the Reapers he faced during the Game, shot him. At the end of the second week, Joshua seemingly sacrifices himself to save Neku from an explosion Minamimoto causes.
Because Joshua was never actually dead, the Game is nullified and Neku is forced to play the game a third time. His entry fee this time is all of the other players, meaning he cannot form any pacts and stands no chance against the Noise; however, Beat defects from the Reapers and rejoins Neku. Neku and Beat find that the Reapers and the population of Shibuya are wearing special red pins that brainwash them into thinking the same thoughts. Without any missions to complete, the two venture to the fabled "Shibuya River", which Joshua was looking for during the second week. At the river, they find , the Game's Conductor, who explains that he created the red pins in an attempt to remake Shibuya, which the Composer challenged him to do. If he fails, both he, and as a price for losing the Game, Shibuya, will be erased.
Joshua reappears and reveals himself to be the Composer, returning to Neku the missing part of his memory of his death: Joshua was the one who shot Neku and chose him to be his proxy in his challenge with Kitaniji. Minamimoto, who had been trying to usurp the position of Composer, attempted to kill Joshua in his weakened state as a human. After Kitaniji fails to defeat Neku by using his friends against him, Joshua gives Neku one last challenge: to shoot Joshua to determine the fate of Shibuya. Neku is too conflicted to make a choice, and Joshua shoots him down. Neku finds himself back at the scramble crossing, confused but alive.
The game's credits show scenes seven days later in the RG. As Neku walks from Udagawa to the statue of Hachikō to meet Beat, Rhyme, and Shiki, he discusses how the past three weeks have changed him for the better. In a statement addressed to an absent Joshua, Neku states that he trusts him despite not forgiving him for his actions. Neku then asks if Joshua will be present at Hachikō as well. Secret reports that can be obtained by completing additional missions after beating the game reveal that Joshua, after seeing Neku's personality change while playing the game, decides to spare Shibuya, now believing it to be ideal.
A New Day.
The "Final Remix" version of the game adds new storyline content taking place after the main game. Neku and Beat awaken in a geographically distorted alternate version of Shibuya and are assigned a mission to escape it within 24 hours. Accompanied by a Reaper named Coco Atarashi, the two traverse through the alternate Shibuya while encountering Shiki and Rhyme. As they progress, Neku has visions of a city being destroyed and a strange girl with Shiki's stuffed animal, as well as what are seemingly distorted flashbacks of his death and Rhyme's sacrifice. When Rhyme sacrifices herself to save Beat as in Neku's vision, Neku realizes that he is having visions of the future. Neku and Beat arrive at Mr. Hanekoma's café, and he reveals that the Shibuya they have been traversing is a giant Noise Coco created. Neku and Beat defeat the Noise and return to reality. An enraged Coco shoots Neku dead, but Joshua fends her off. Joshua meets with Hanekoma to discuss recent events; they reveal that Shinjuku has been erased and that Noise are starting to appear in the RG, and that the strange girl from Neku's visions was a survivor of the incident who they theorize caused Neku's visions and was helping him. Elsewhere, Coco plots to continue using Neku for her plans and resurrects Minamimoto to serve as his partner.
Development.
Gameplay design.
"The World Ends with You" was developed by the same team that created the "Kingdom Hearts" series, with input from Jupiter, the company that developed "" for the Game Boy Advance. Development of the game started two and a half years before its Japanese release, during the development of "Kingdom Hearts II" and as development of "Chain of Memories" was concluding. At that time, Nintendo revealed their next handheld system, the Nintendo DS, but was not yet available to the market; Square Enix requested the team to develop a game specifically for the handheld system.
The creative team — consisting of director Tatsuya Kando, co-director Tomohiro Hasegawa, planning director Takeshi Arakawa, and creative producer and character designer Tetsuya Nomura — were able to experience the DS during the "Touch DS" event in November 2004. From this demonstration, they had envisioned a version of "Chain of Memories" in which the card game aspects would be present on the bottom screen and an action role-playing game on the top. As they continued to work on the game, the developers realized that they wanted to use the touchscreen more, to make "a game that can only be played on the DS". However, they also encountered the problem that by focusing heavily on the touchscreen, the top screen would be ignored. From this, the idea of the dual-screen battle system arose. Several other options were explored for the top screen gameplay, including command-based battles or a rhythm game, but once they reviewed the game from the eyes of the player, they ultimately settled on the card-game approach with the player having the option to control the game if they wanted to.
Even with the completion of the Japanese version of the game, the team felt the dual-screen system was too much for overseas audiences, and attempted to change the card-game mechanic into a special meter that would fill up with normal attacks from Neku, but this was not completed in time for release. The team was able to alter the "information overload" of the numerous tutorials at the start of the game in the North American release, reducing the amount of text presented as well as allowing the tutorials to be skipped. The "Active Encounter" system, the ability for the player to select when and how to go into battle, was developed specifically to avoid the issues of "grinding" that are common with most standard RPG systems. While they included the mechanics of being able to scan non-playable characters to see their thoughts, the team was not able to integrate this mechanic more into the game.
Graphics design.
Character design.
The team decided to stay with two-dimensional sprites instead of three-dimensional models for this title, believing it would help differentiate themselves from other Square Enix titles as well as better represent their vision for the game. When first approached with the task of creating the art for the game, background art director Takayuki Ohdachi thought the modern-day setting would be too boring, and opted to use highly skewed and angular images of Shibuya to avoid this; the rest of the creative team found this approach to fit the game quite well. For combat, the background of the top screen was selected for visual interest, while the bottom touchscreen background was designed to emphasize the gameplay. Ohdachi was also responsible for the artwork for the psych pins, and used a mix of pop art and tribal designs for the various graphics.
Character designs were handled by Tetsuya Nomura and Gen Kobayashi. Character designs were made to match with the real-world Tokyo setting, after which their outfits were designed based on the character's personality. 
Hasegawa was responsible for creating the designs for the Noise creatures, and he wanted to have them recognizable as creatures before they decay into skeletons. In keeping with the theme of human emotion in the game, Hasegawa selected creatures that conveyed such feelings, such as wolves and crows. Representation of the Noise in the game required drawing the 2D sprites from several angles to match the action on screen as well as using rotoscoping on pre-rendered sprites, and took several iterations between Square Enix and Jupiter to make sure that the sprites' art matched the style of game, with Kando making the two-hour trip between Tokyo and Kyoto weekly to check on the progress.
Setting and scenario.
In addition to creating unique gameplay, the designers wanted to build the game around a real location. Initially, they had planned to use a large number of locations across the entire world as the setting. They narrowed down the settings to specific cities due to practicality issues. Ultimately, Kando selected Shibuya as the main setting within the first year of development, despite concerns that overseas players would find the setting unfamiliar. The team wanted to make sure the city was represented accurately within the game, and went on "location hunts" onto building rooftops without permission to get photographs.
The layout of Shibuya was duplicated for the game, retaining the real-world landmarks while rebranding the names of stores and buildings for copyright reasons; for example, the 109 Building was renamed to be the "104 Building", while one of the busiest Starbucks, adjacent to the scramble crossing, was renamed "Outback Cafe". The success of the game has led to fans going on tours of the district to match physical locations in Shibuya with those in the game. The selection of Shibuya led to the incorporation of much of the game's other features, including food, clothing, and cell phone usage. The team initially thought of the idea of using graffiti around Shibuya as the source of the player's power in the game but had difficulty representing it; this led to the creation of the psych pins used in the game.
Writing.
The developers knew that for the story they wanted to "throw the player right in the action, with things he had to do without explanation" in addition to creating a sense of urgency and mystery for the player. They developed an initial draft of the game's plot and gave it to scriptwriter Sachie Hirano and scenario event planner Yukari Ishida to expand on. The returned version was very close to the initial vision for the game's story. However, there were still difficulties in filling out the story, only achieving some smooth development about halfway through the process, and even then, there were still changes made just before creating the master image for the game. Several inconsistencies with the game's story were found in the final quality checks that had to be resolved. The Square Enix localization team preserved many Japanese elements while translating most of the dialogue and interface items into English and other European languages to avoid losing the culture of the game. The team was also limited by the size of the dialogue balloons used in the game and took several steps to avoid losing the meaning.
As "The World Ends with You" focuses on the character of Neku Sakuraba, to create a believable story the developers put a lot of focus on his development, such as how he would feel, what thoughts lie behind his actions, how he interacted with other characters, and how the people around him feel about him. The developers included aspects and daily concerns, hoping that they could be things that players would have to deal with their personal lives and therefore would let them relate with Neku.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack to "The World Ends with You" was composed and produced by Takeharu Ishimoto. The game's music encompasses many genres, combining rock, hip hop, and electronica and was designed to fit the various moods of Shibuya. The song appearing during the credits of the game is "Lullaby for You" by Japanese pop artist, Jyongri. Vocal artists featured in the game include Sawa Kato, Makiko Noda, Leah, Ayuko Tanaka, Mai Matsuda, Wakako, Hanaeryca, Cameron Strother, Andy Kinlay, Nulie Nurly, and Londell "Taz" Hicks. The developers used CRI Middleware's Kyuseishu Sound Streamer, a compression algorithm normally used for voice-overs, to compress the soundtrack and fit more songs on the game media, while replacing full motion video cutscenes with Flash-style animations to save more space. The ADX-compressed soundtrack and cutscene audio on the final version of the game take up approximately one-fourth (32 of 128 total MB) of the game media.
The official soundtrack of the game, was released in Japan on August 22, 2007 and is on sale in most English-language iTunes Stores. This release does not include the four tracks unique to localizations outside Japan and is simply a digital version of the Japanese soundtrack. Square Enix, however, released the digital 6-track EP on June 25, 2008 through the Japanese iTunes Store. This release contains the four songs unique to the international version of the game, along with the English version of "Owari-Hajimari" and a remix of "Twister". A 19-track version of the album was given a physical CD and iTunes release on July 30 the same year.
Release.
The Japanese title, translated as "It's a Wonderful World", was not used internationally due to copyright issues. Instead, the game was released in North America and Europe under the name "The World Ends with You". The game was officially announced in September 2006 by Square Enix, and premiered at the Tokyo Game Show two weeks later. The game was released for Europe, Australia, and a North America in April 2008.
A special "Wonderful World" edition of the "Gloss Silver" Nintendo DS Lite was created and sold as a bundle with the game as part of its Japanese release. The game's early plot was adapted into a two-chapter one-shot manga by Shiro Amano, published over two issues of Square Enix's "Monthly Shōnen Gangan" on August 11 and September 12, 2007. In North America, the manga has been released online via the Square Enix Members website, along with mobile phone ringtones. Both Nomura and Tatsuya Kando stated that they hoped they would be given the opportunity to create a sequel to the game.
Neku, Shiki, Joshua, Beat, and Rhyme appear in ' as non-playable characters challenged to a task similar to the Reapers' Game. They are the first non-Disney and non-"Final Fantasy" characters to appear in the "Kingdom Hearts" franchise. Three of the tracks, "Someday", "Calling", and "Twister", were rearranged for "Dream Drop Distance", with "Calling" and "Twister" also remixed as downloadable tracks for '. A revised soundtrack, "The World Ends With You - Crossover", was released on September 20, 2012, including original tracks from the DS game, the "Dream Drop Distance" versions of "Calling", "Someday", and "Twister", and the remixes from the iOS version. The "Dream Drop Distance" arrangement of "Calling" was also featured in the rhythm game "".
"Solo Remix".
A port for mobile devices, entitled "The World Ends with You: Solo Remix", was released on iOS on August 27, 2012, and on Android on June 26, 2014. This version was developed by Square Enix's mobile development team and h.a.n.d. within the course of the year. The game's combat system was reworked to accommodate the lack of a second screen.
In addition to combat changes, "Solo Remix" includes redrawn high-definition sprites and is optimized for the Retina display of iOS devices. The original soundtrack and additional remixes of these songs are included. Wireless and social media features are also included: the Tin Pin Slammer can be played with other players via wireless connections, and the game can connect with the player's social media applications to display these as scanned thoughts from non-player characters within the game. The "Solo Remix" version features a remixed soundtrack from the original DS release. A new character, the Reaper Coco Atarashi, is introduced and is a shop owner dealing with microtransactions. New assets at the conclusion of the iOS game include the appearance of Tsugumi Matsunae, a character later appearing in the sequel, "Neo: The World Ends with You". The iOS version of the game was delisted from the App Store in February 2015 due to an issue that prevented the game from working with the iOS 8 operating system launched in September 2014, though the Android version remained available. It returned to the App Store four months later in June.
"Final Remix".
Another port for the Nintendo Switch, entitled "The World Ends with You: Final Remix", was released on October 12, 2018. The port, based on the "Solo Remix" version and with additional development from Square Enix and h.a.n.d., includes a new control system adapted for the Switch, specifically allowing for the use of the Joy-Con in docked mode in addition to the touchscreen and optional co-op support for Neku's partner. An additional new scenario featuring Tsugumi and Coco Atarashi was added to this version.
Anime television series.
An anime adaptation of the game, titled "The World Ends with You the Animation", aired worldwide from April 10 to June 26, 2021 through Funimation, as well as the Super Animeism block on MBS and TBS.
Reception.
"The World Ends with You" received positive reviews and has been commercially successful. "Game Informer" named the game its Handheld Game of the Month award for May 2008. "IGN" gave "The World Ends with You" its Editors' Choice Award, and named it the DS Game of the Month for April. In Japan, the game premiered as the second-best selling DS title during the week of July 27, 2007. Nearly 193,000 units were sold in Japan by the end of 2007. "The World Ends with You" sold 43,000 copies during April 2008 in North America. The first shipment of the game sold out mid-May and a second shipment was made in mid-June 2008. The game was the top-selling DS title the week of its release and again two weeks later. As of September 2008, "The World Ends With You" has sold approximately 140,000 copies in North America and 20,000 copies in Europe.
Critics praised the departure from other popular titles such as Square Enix's "Final Fantasy" and "Kingdom Hearts" series. Both the graphical presentation and the soundtrack were very well received. Reviews also commented that initially, the character designs were too similar to previous Square Enix titles and may be off-putting to some, though in the Shibuya setting they were "absolutely in their element". Some reviewers also complained that the Stride Cross Battle System was too complex for new players; "Eurogamer"s review felt the "sink or swim" reliance on learning the complex battle system was a significant stumbling block for the game. "GamePro" noted that the stylus input was imprecise, often mistaking movement and attack actions. On the other hand, the system was praised for its approach, and for the ability to alter the difficulty of the system within the game. Neku Sakuraba's character arc was praised by several reviewers, such as "G4TV" editor Jonathan Hunt, who praised his growth from a "mute teenager" to a "civil human". "1UP.com"s review summarized that the game is much more than the sum of its parts: "By all rights, "The World Ends With You" should be an annoying disaster, a bundle of tired gimmicks and trite clichés. Yet somehow all the things that should be unbearable fall into place and create a game that's far more unique, interesting, and addictive than it has any right to be".
"IGN" gave "The World Ends with You" multiple awards, including best Nintendo DS role-playing game, best story for a Nintendo DS game, best new IP for the Nintendo DS, and the best DS game of the year. It was also nominated for other awards, including best original score for a Nintendo DS game and best artistic design for a Nintendo DS game. It was ranked as the tenth best game of the 2000s released on a Nintendo system by "Nintendo Power".
"The World Ends with You: Solo Remix" received a score of 9.5 and an Editor's Choice from "IGN", who praised the port and its additions, although criticized its price point and lack of universal compatibility (the iPhone/iPod Touch and iPad versions of the game must be purchased separately). "Kotaku" also criticized the high price and lack of universal compatibility as 'indefensible', though it praised the port for its controls, saying "in many ways, it feels more suited to (the iPad) than it ever did on the DS".
"The World Ends With You" was nominated for Best RPG at 2008 Spike Video Game Awards, but lost to "Fallout 3".
Sequel.
A sequel, "Neo: The World Ends with You", was released worldwide on July 27, 2021 for Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4, with the PC version released on September 28. It features a new cast of characters playing the Reapers' Game in Shibuya, and uses three-dimensional graphics. Tatsuya Kando returned as series director, while Tetsuya Nomura returned as creative producer, along with Gen Kobayashi as character designer, and Hiroyuki Itou as director. Takeharu Ishimoto, the composer for the original game, though no longer a full-time employee of Square Enix, also returned as composer for the sequel.
External links.
[[Category:Video games developed in Japan]
[[Category:Video games featuring female protagonists]]]
[[Category:Video games scored by Takeharu Ishimoto]]
[[Category:Video games set in Tokyo]]
[[Category:Video games with multiple protagonists]]
[[Category:World War III video games]]

</doc>
<doc id="6987286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987286" title="Bang Saphan Noi district">
Bang Saphan Noi district

Bang Saphan Noi (, ) is the southernmost district ("amphoe") of Prachuap Khiri Khan province, central Thailand.
History.
The minor district ("king amphoe") Bang Saphan Noi was split off from Bang Saphan district on 10 June 1974. It was upgraded to a full district on 13 July 1981.
Etymology.
The name "Bang Saphan Noi" originates from the time of the building of the southern railway. The workers had to build two bridges north and south of the railway station which later became the center of the district. As this was the same structure as for the Bang Saphan railway station further north, they thus named the railway station Bang Saphan Noi ('small bridge village'), and subsequently the railway station of Bang Saphan was named Bang Saphan Yai ('big bridge village').
Geography.
Neighboring districts are Bang Saphan to the north, to the south the districts Tha Sae and Pathio of Chumphon province. To the west is the Tanintharyi Division of Myanmar, to the east, the Gulf of Thailand.
Environment.
From 2002 to 2020, the district has lost 3,000 hectares of humid primary forest, a decrease of 16 percent.
Administration.
The district is divided into five subdistricts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 41 villages ("mubans"). Bang Saphan Noi is also the only township ("thesaban tambon") of the district, which covers parts of the "tambon" Bang Saphan. There are a further five tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="6987291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987291" title="Dhan Singh Rawat">
Dhan Singh Rawat

Dhan Singh Rawat (born 7 October 1972) is a Cabinet Minister of Uttarakhand and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He has served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Uttarakhand, representing the constituency of Srinagar Garhwal.
Personal life and career.
Dhan Singh Rawat was born in a hamlet in Pauri Garhwal and educated at the village school. He earned master's and doctoral degrees from Hemwati Nandan Bahuguna Garhwal University in History.
A party secretary for the BJP in Uttarakhand, he failed to gain election to the state legislature in 2012 in the constituency of Srinagar Garhwal; he entered the legislature in 2017 and has since served as a Cabinet Minister with responsibility for health, higher education, cooperatives, disaster management, dairy development and protocols.
Controversy.
Dhan Singh Rawat has landed into controversy after he purportedly said in a viral video that the government was thinking of "using an app to control the intensity of rainfall". As an aftermath, a lot of statements came to light accusing Dhan Singh Rawat of forging his doctorate. The statement is believed to have been made at a recent media interaction which detailed steps taken by the government to tackle rain-related damage.
To which former chief minister and Congress veteran Harish Rawat took a jibe saying, “Uttarakhand chief minister Pushkar Dhami should propose his cabinet minister's name for Bharat Ratna.”

</doc>
<doc id="6987295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987295" title="The Teenage Textbook Movie">
The Teenage Textbook Movie

The Teenage Textbook Movie is a film adaptation of Adrian Tan's bestselling 1988 novel "The Teenage Textbook". It is a lighthearted look at the lives of four students in Singapore as they start junior college.
Premise.
When Mui Ee attends Paya Lebar Junior College with her best friend Sissy Song, she encounters a new life form: boys. There are many, but only one will win her heart.
Reception.
Yong Siew Fern of "The New Paper" rated the film 3 stars out of 5 and wrote that "Unobtrusive acting and music-video editing combine to make this movie very much like your teen years - it will pass at its strolling pace, but it will be entertaining." Tan of Sinema felt that the "script was very well-written and although some parts were a little off in execution, it was an amazing adaptation of the book.".

</doc>
<doc id="6987296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987296" title="Eisenhower High School (Yakima, Washington)">
Eisenhower High School (Yakima, Washington)

Dwight David Eisenhower High School () is located in Yakima, Washington, United States. It is named after U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower. It is one of five high schools in the Yakima School District, the others being Davis High School, Stanton Academy, Yakima Online, and Yakima Valley Technical Skills Center (YV-Tech). Students and community members often refer to the school as "Ike."
Academics.
Eisenhower High School holds an 82% graduation rate and is ranked 174th among 884 public high schools in the state.
Eisenhower High School is one of five high schools in the Yakima Valley to offer the Advanced Placement Program (AP) for juniors and seniors. Nine percent of the students body is enrolled in AP courses. AP courses that are offered include: Chemistry, U.S. History, English, Calculus, and Physics. The high school maintains a 37% AP Exam pass rate - the percentage of students who pass at least one AP Exam.
Juniors and seniors who do not enroll in AP courses have the opportunity to enroll in other college preparation courses or participate in the running start program at Yakima Valley Community College. The running start program allows high school students to start on college credits while fulfilling high school graduation requirements. Yakima Valley Community College credits are transferable to universities such as the University of Washington, Washington State University, Eastern Washington University, Central Washington University, and many others.
New High School.
In 2013, Eisenhower High School was torn down and replaced with a new building Northwest of the former school. The project cost the Yakima School District over $108 million. The development of the athletic amenities was a large reason to why the district had gone over the initial budget of $108 million. New athletic amenities included on campus baseball fields, tennis courts, soccer practice fields and football practice fields. These amenities added $7.3 million to the total cost of the project.
The new high school was built in a L-shaped configuration with the student commons being located at the corner. This design was incorporated to create loop circulation for the reduction of congestion and giving students alternate pathways to their destinations. By the student commons are the auditorium, foyer, gym, entry spaces, the administrative offices, and security offices. As a focal point, the school's entrance has a prominently positioned glass-enclosed public entry and second-story library. The academic spaces surround the central courtyard on three sides. This design allows natural light to shine into all of the classrooms. The fitness and weight facilities are located on the second floor and overlook the outdoor sports fields. The locker rooms are right underneath. Finally, the auditorium seats 800 people and has practice spaces down the hall. Following these practice space are practice spaces for the band and choir.
Since its unveiling in 2013, the new Eisenhower High School building has won several awards for its concept and design execution. These awards include the following: the AIA Central Washington Merit Award, the Learning by Design Outstanding Project Award, the MIW Excellence in Masonry Design Honor Award, the Inland Northwest AGC Build Northwest Award, and the Robert Faser Masonry Design Award.
KDA Architecture and Graham Construction Lawsuit.
Six years after its opening in August 2013, the Yakima School District filed a lawsuit against KDA Architecture because of design issues, and property damage of the building's signature blue wall. The lawsuit was about the specific changes that were made from initial design flaws. These changes contributed to the problems found throughout the building. The district also involved Graham Construction in the lawsuit for failing to install and effectively implement all elements of the design. The lawsuit states that in April 2013, the water-resistant material behind the tiles of the blue wall was melting. After further investigation, it was found that the tiles on the blue wall were heating up to 180 degrees Fahrenheit and causing them to melt. The Blue Wall hadn't been repaired until September 2017. The 750 foot wall cost the Yakima School District $547,280.
Additional flaws in the building were spotted by Eisenhower staff and faculty members after they had moved into the building in late August 2013. After two months inside the new location, there were multiple reports of severe flaws, most notably water had been leaking through the wall and into the school's interior. The lawsuit also states that the leaking and damages were occurring because of the improper design, installation, poor workmanship, and a lack of flashing. In turn, the district had sued for over breach of contract and professional negligence amongst other things.
KDA Architecture and Graham Construction have yet to respond publicly on the lawsuit filed against them. Both have contributed in making repairs to the building and the blue wall, but not free of expenses. Both companies have continued projects in the Yakima Valley, including YV-Technical Institute.
Extracurricular Activities.
Eisenhower High School offers sports for student all throughout the year and provides students the opportunity to compete with other schools in Washington state. Men's sports include: swimming/diving, football, marching band, cross country, basketball, wrestling, baseball, golf, soccer, tennis, and track. Women's sports include: swimming/diving, cross country, marching band, soccer, volleyball, slowpitch, basketball, bowling, fastpitch, golf, tennis, and track.
Outside of sports, the school offers plenty of clubs and activities for students to partake in. Activities for students include: ASB, Anime Club, Art Club, Bridge Club, BSU, Cheer, Color Guard, DECA, Drama, Drill Team, Dance Team, Environmental Club, Fashion Club, FBLA, FCCLA, FFA, Five Star, GSA, Interact, Ike Players Stage Crew, Link Crew, MECHA, Multicultural, Musical, National Honors Society, Orchestra, Robotics, Sasquatch Hiking Club, Sexual Assault Prevention, Skills USA Photography, Speech and Debate (Forensics), Technology Student Association, STEM-TSA, Skills-USA Drafting/Architecture, Skills USA Power Equipment, Skills USA Welding, Vocal Music, and Japanese Exchange.
Diversity.
Minority enrollment at Eisenhower High School is at 73 percent, a majority of which are Hispanic. On average, Washington state high schools have a student body made up of 45 percent minority students. Eisenhower High School is also within the top one percent of student body size within the state of Washington. As of 2020, there are approximately 2,100 students enrolled.

</doc>
<doc id="6987303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987303" title="Rasa Singh Rawat">
Rasa Singh Rawat

Rasa Singh Rawat (1 October 1941 – 10 May 2021) was an Indian politician.
Biography.
He has been a member of the 9th, 10th, 11th, 13th and the 14th Lok Sabha of India, representing the Ajmer constituency in the state of Rajasthan. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). Rawat died on 10 May 2021 of COVID-19 in Ajmer during the COVID-19 pandemic in India.

</doc>
<doc id="6987313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987313" title="Mannerheim line">
Mannerheim line



</doc>
<doc id="6987314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987314" title="Herredag">
Herredag



</doc>
<doc id="6987321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987321" title="Ján Čado">
Ján Čado

Ján Čado (born 7 May 1963, in Trstena) is a retired Slovak triple jumper who represented Czechoslovakia during his active career.
His personal best results was 17.34 metres, achieved in May 1984 in Bratislava.

</doc>
<doc id="6987324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987324" title="Gregory (surname)">
Gregory (surname)

Gregory is an English, Scottish and Slovenian surname, variants of the name include McGregor, MacGregor, Gregor, Gregson, Gregg, Grigg, Greig and may refer to:
In England the surname is well represented in Derbyshire, Lincolnshire, Northamptonshire, Hampshire, Lancashire, Cheshire and Yorkshire, in Scotland the surname is well represented in Lanarkshire, Angus, Aberdeenshire, Moray, Fife, and Midlothian, and in the United States the surname is well represented in Tennessee, Kentucky, North Carolina, South Carolina, Michigan, Ohio and Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="6987337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987337" title="Roberto Aballay">
Roberto Aballay

Roberto José Aballay (22 November 1922 – ) was an Argentine football player who played as a striker.
Aballay started his career in 1940 for River Plate, Banfield and San Lorenzo de Almagro. He played also in Mexico for Asturias winning the championship title in the 1943-44 season, he was also the league's top goalscorer with 40 goals in 24 games. He was awarded the 1945 CONCACAF player of the year award for 1945
In Italy for Genoa in season 1949-50 (played 29 matches and scored 3 goals) and in France where closed career in 1950s with FC Nancy, Metz and MC Alger in Algeria.
Aballay died in Colombia during the early 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="6987339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987339" title="Hispaniolan hutia">
Hispaniolan hutia

The Hispaniolan hutia (Plagiodontia aedium) is a small, rat-like mammal endemic to forests on the Caribbean island of Hispaniola (split between Haiti and the Dominican Republic). It lives in burrows or trees, and is active at night when it feeds on roots and fruits. A member of the hutia subfamily (Capromyinae), Threats to the Hispaniolan hutia include habitat loss and introduced species, such as rats or feral dogs.
The Hispaniolan hutia is the only living species of the genus "Plagiodontia"; the other two species, also native to Hispaniola, are extinct. There are two subspecies, Cuvier's hutia ("P. a. aedium") and the Dominican hutia ("P. a. hylaeum"). Though many mammals were once native to the island, only the Hispaniolan hutia and the shrew-like Hispaniolan solenodon, which shares the same forest habitat, are alive today.
Name.
The genus name "Plagiodontia" means "oblique tooth" in Greek, referring to its teeth. The common name "hutia" comes, via Spanish "jutía", from the animal's name in Taíno, an Indigenous language of the Caribbean.
Description.
The head and body length is about , and its tail length is about . The listed adult weight as . In the subspecies , head and body length is , and tail length is 125–145 mm. The short, dense pelage is brownish or grayish on the upper parts and buffy on the underparts. The tail is scaly, and practically naked. Both the forefoot and the hind foot have five digits, all armed with claws (except the thumb, which has a short, blunt nail). Females have three pairs of lateral thoracic mammae.
Behaviour.
Captive hutias have been observed to be nocturnal and arboreal, and to use nest boxes placed high off the ground. Wild specimens are reported to be active only at night; they hide during the day, feed mainly on roots and fruits, and live in male-female pairs. Reports also stated that three or four individuals commonly occupy the same burrow system. Individuals communicate through soft, almost bird-like chirps.
Specimens of the subspecies were caught in December in hollow trees near a lagoon; four pregnant females each contained a single embryo. Purportedly, captive female "P. aedium" have an estrous cycle of 10 days, a gestation period of 119 days, and apparently bear a single offspring. Recorded gestation has been 123–150 days and litter sizes of one to two young in this species, which are highly precocial, unlike most rodents, which are totally helpless when born. A captive "P. aedium" was recorded to live for 9 years and 11 months.
Ecology.
Hispaniolan hutias inhabit both dry and moist forests on the island. It is reported that they occupy rough hillsides and ravines from sea level to 2,000 meters in elevation; some populations use burrows and feed near the ground, and other populations may den in tree cavities and move through the trees, rather than descend to ground level.
Conservation.
Two of the three species in this genus are known only by skeletal remains, often found in association with human kitchen middens or introduced rats. These two species (along with other related hutias on Hispaniola) probably disappeared by the seventeenth century because of excessive hunting by people. "P. a. aedium" and "P. a. hylaeum" have been greatly reduced in range and numbers and are threatened by deforestation, hunting, competition from introduced rodents such as rats and mice, and predation by the introduced small Indian mongoose ("Urva auropunctata"), as well as feral dogs and cats. The human population of Hispaniola is increasing, most of the island's forest cover is being cleared for agriculture, and hutias are usually killed whenever encountered.
The IUCN regards "P. a. hylaeum" as a subspecies of "P. aedium". "P. a. hylaeum" is called the Dominican hutia, while the nominate race, "P. a. aedium" is referred to as Cuvier's hutia. Recent surveys in Haiti have found "P. aedium" to be living as remnant populations in the southeast and on the Massif de la Hotte. The IUCN Red List classifies "P. aedium" as "least concern" as of 2024, though its population is declining due to loss of forest habitat, human hunting and predation by non-native animals such as dogs. Recent genetic research has identified three distinct populations of "P. aedium".
Its presence in several protected areas has recently been confirmed by a Darwin Initiative–funded project known as The Last Survivors; these include Jaragua, Del Este, Los Haitises, and Sierra de Bahoruco National Parks. Hutia population have also been discovered in privately protected areas such as Punta Cana Ecological Reserve. There were sightings in 2005 which were confirmed photographically in the Bahoruco region and evidence suggest that this area may have a substantial hutia population in and around the protected area.

</doc>
<doc id="6987347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987347" title="Breed (video game)">
Breed (video game)

Breed is a squad based, science-fiction video game developed by Brat Designs and published by CDV Software. The game was released in the U.S. and Europe in March and April 2004.
Plot.
In the year 2600 much of the Earth's population have left their home world and formed colonies on the worlds of the Besalius binary star system. All seemed peaceful in these fledgling colonies but as the last shuttle arrived in 2602 they were attacked by an alien race that would be nicknamed "The Breed". These attacks seemed to be random with little or no thought or logic, but they were devastating nevertheless. Under such an assault the colonies had no choice but to send out a distress call to Earth.
In 2603 Earth's collective military, known as the United Space Corps, mobilized a formidable fleet of attack cruisers in answer to the growing Breed threat, putting their very best and brightest at the helm. These ships now made a year-long trip to the Besalius System, hoping that they would not arrive too late.
Every cruiser was equipped with the latest technology and weapons, as well as being fully stocked with a complement of ground assault vehicles and fighter craft. Within their vast hulls, each cruiser also housed an array of genetic gestation pods, capable of growing a constant supply of ground forces, known as grunts ("Genetically Revived Universal Tactical Sentient"). Fiercely loyal, bred for combat and totally expendable, the Grunts were the hardened backbone of the USC military.
After their year-long journey the fleet arrived at Besalius in 2604 and swiftly engaged the Breed presence across the system. The battle was long and hard, as the Breed did not give up the system without a fight; their lack of intelligence was more than compensated by their ferocious nature in battle. This conflict with the Breed would come to be known as the "Colony War".
The human resources were drastically drained during this rigorous fight and the USC forces are stretched to breaking point. In 2624 the USC forces claimed victory in Besalius, but it was not without cost – the colonies had been devastated and the fleet badly damaged to a point that only the USC "Darwin" was capable of making the journey back to Earth. Captained by Saul Richter (who has two hundred victories against the Breed under his belt), the ship and remaining crew began their return journey.
In 2625 the victorious veterans of Besalius finally returned home expecting a heroes' welcome. Instead, the crew of the "Darwin" found their world on fire, that in their 20-year absence, the Breed had conquered Earth. The Colony War on Besalius was nothing more than a diversionary tactic – a plan to pull the bulk of Earth's defense forces away, leaving it ripe for invasion. The human population had been enslaved or devastated, and the survivors had been enslaved by the Breed in forced labor camps.
Humankind was not quite ready to go into the darkness just yet. The USC "Darwin" quickly moved into orbit around the Earth and remained there under the cover of a cloaking device. Captain Richter began to order "surgical strikes" upon key enemy targets. The Breed were still recovering from their war on Earth and had not yet regrouped their infrastructure. As such, they could not organize a solid defense against such subterfuge. Eventually the crew of the "Darwin" managed to link up with the human resistance under the command of one "Carla Alvarez", their charismatic leader. Between the hidden USC "Darwin" and Carla's fighters the desperate soldiers only hoped that they could turn the tide, and one day win back Earth for the human race.
Gameplay.
"Breed" is a squad-based first-person shooter. The gameplay could be compared to "Halo" but is closer to the "Rainbow Six" game series, or ".
Squads can be commanded into various formations or ordered to regroup, ceasefire and various other commands. Squad members can share ammunition and heal one another. They can also fix vehicles or be left on top of a mountain (for example) to provide cover for other members. Breed's squad-based gameplay is along the lines of ", allowing players to choose which squad member to play as and switch between squad members in the middle of combat. In this respect, players can choose to tackle many of the missions in several different ways.
The player shoots his way through numerous enemies and completes mission objectives given to them by the commander. Levels consist of wide-open areas, obstacles such as roads, bridges and cliffs as well as extended flight sequences using the vehicles. Although mission waypoints are marked it's often up to the player to realize strategies that don't include an obvious line of sight approach.
The player's view is usually from that of a first-person perspective, but can also be switched to a third person view. There is a heads-up display which shows the player's ammunition count, armor, and equipped weapon, as well as a compass and squad commands. The player can carry two weapons at a time and there is a wide selection of weapons at one's disposal, everything from energy weapons like plasma cannons to your standard assault rifle and a few exotic alien weapons. There are also a range of vehicles such as an APC, jeep, and a space fighter which can be used at certain points in the game. Players can freely move around in some vehicles when they are in motion or load other vehicles into them. Friendly gun emplacements can be used, such as the guns on the drop ship. Enemy gun emplacements can also be captured and used to your advantage. The single player AI can be left to control emplacements to give you covering fire. In a few instances players can pilot an aircraft from outer space, head through the Earth's atmosphere, then continue their journey down to the planet's surface. Breed's 'gameplay kernel' allows various aspects of a mission to be played out simultaneously in space or on the planet itself.
Online play includes several maps to choose from. There are Team, Melee and standard Deathmatch modes. Many maps include vehicles. In all, 16 players can play on any given map, but there is no bot AI included.
Characters.
"Breed"s characters are mostly anonymous but are introduced at the beginning of the first mission as "Sniper", "Grunt", and "Heavy Gunner".
Sergeant Westwood gives the orders, but it's never revealed from who they come exactly (may be assumed to be Captain Richter). At one point, in the cycling demo at the beginning of the game, Sergeant Gunny Westwood is heard to remark "War...what is it good for..?" and his dialogue includes other humorous references revealing the satirical slant to elements of the game, but these elements are not included in the gameplay itself, which is more serious. Other characters who appear are a soldier in a wheel chair (Captain Soul Richter) who the Sergeant gives a satirical speech to in the title sequence, and characters like resistance fighters.
The player can control three different squad members, the grunt, sniper, and a heavy gunner, although this changes in later missions to include a missile specialist. Each squad member is equipped with different weapons and can be controlled at any given time throughout a mission. The grunt, the character with whom the player begins the game, is usually armed with a standard assault rifle and shotgun but can also pick up other weapons. The sniper carries a sniper rifle and assault rifle, though this is sometimes replaced by a silenced sub-machinegun. The heavy gunner is armed with a large four-barreled minigun for suppressive fire. One can also be an engineer or a medic.
Controversy.
Although information seems to be scant, a dispute seems to have erupted between the developers, Brat Designs, and the original distributors, CDV. The developers claimed that an inferior version of the game was released by CDV, while CDV claimed that they were supplied with a faulty release and had to bring in extra coders.
Reception.
"Breed" received mixed reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. Many reviewers were critical to its long loading screens, bad writing, lag, severe bugs, and a repetitive gameplay loop, but praised the game for its wide variety of vehicle options.

</doc>
<doc id="6987354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987354" title="Little Ski Hill">
Little Ski Hill

The Little Ski Hill is a modest ski area in the western United States, located in west central Idaho, two miles (3 km) west of McCall. Adjacent to Highway 55, immediately west of the county line in Adams County, it was formerly known as the "Payette Lakes Ski Area."
Built in 1937 as a winter diversion for local forest workers, the Little Ski Hill has served the region's youth and skiing community for over The small but action-packed facility has an alpine hill served by a T-bar surface lift, providing 405 vertical feet (123 m) of terrain on the only lighted ski area in the vicinity. It has a summit elevation of above sea level; the slopes face north and west.
The ski area also has of groomed cross-country ski trails and a biathlon range.
Ski legend and fifty-year McCall resident Corey Engen taught at the hill for years before developing the nearby Brundage Mountain in 1961.
The area formerly had a 50-60 meter Nordic ski jump on its lower north slope, near the bend in the highway. The aging jump was destroyed by a microburst wind in the 1990s. A 25-30 meter Nordic ski jump is still in use.
Patty Boydstun, a World Cup alpine ski racer, grew up in McCall and learned to ski at the hill. She finished eighth in the slalom at the 1972 Winter Olympics and had ten top-ten finishes in slalom on the World Cup circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="6987355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987355" title="Dushyant Singh">
Dushyant Singh

Dushyant Singh (born 11 September 1973; ) is an Indian politician who hails from the prestigious royal family of Dholpur. He is the present Maharajasaheb. Mr. Singh is serving as a Member of Parliament in the Lok Sabha for the fifth time. The son of Vasundhara Raje Scindia, who served twice as the Chief Minister of Rajasthan, Mr. Singh was first elected from the Jhalawar constituency and has since been re-elected from the Jhalawar–Baran constituency.
Education.
Mr. Singh was educated at The Doon School in Dehradun. He received a Bachelor of Arts in economics from the St. Stephen's College, Delhi and a Master of Business Administration, focusing on hotel management, from Johnson &amp; Wales University in the United States.
Political career.
Mr. Singh entered politics in 2004 after being persuaded by his mother, Vasundhara Raje Scindia, and joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He won his first election and was elected as a Member of Parliament in 2004 from the Jhalawar constituency in Rajasthan.
In 2009, Mr. Singh won his second Lok Sabha election from the Jhalawar–Baran constituency, despite an Indian National Congress electoral wave in Rajasthan. In 2014, Mr. Singh won a Lok Sabha seat for a third time in a landslide victory. His third Lok Sabha victory made Mr. Singh one of BJP's senior-most parliamentarians. In 2019, Mr. Singh won his Lok Sabha seat for the fourth time in a row. In 2024, Mr. Singh won his fifth consecutive Lok Sabha election.
Personal life and family.
Mr. Singh is married to Niharika Raje and they have two children; one son and one daughter. Singh's mother, Vasundhara Raje Scindia, twice served as the Chief Minister of Rajasthan and also served as a Minister in the Union Cabinet of Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.. Mr. Singh is the maternal grandson of Maharaja Jivaji Rao Scindia and Vijayaraje Scindia of Gwalior, and the paternal grandson of Pratap Singh Nabha, the last Maharaja of Nabha.
Mr. Singh's wife, Niharika Raje, is the daughter of Ranjeet Singh Judeo, a politician and a member of the former royal family of Samthar State, and Ganga Rajya Laxmi, a member of the former Rana dynasty of Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="6987358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987358" title="VisibleWorld">
VisibleWorld

Visible World is a New York media and advertising technology company. Founded in 2000, it was the first provider of nationwide addressable TV advertising technology. Their programmatic TV platform is used for programmatic TV sales, including by their subsidiary AudienceXpress which was launched in 2013. In June 2015, Visible World was acquired by Comcast.
Company Overview.
As of 2011, the company deploys targeted advertising that let advertisers identify and reach more than 56 million US homes with regional, zoned addressable technology. In the New York Metropolitan region, Visible World deployed its targeted advertising program into more than 3 million homes. Visible World has developed technology that enables advertisers, advertising agencies and media companies to deliver programmatic, addressable, and measurable ads. The company’s addressable distribution platform enables the delivery of targeted advertising to increase consumer relevance and engagement.
Visible World investors include: 
Visible World has deployed household addressability across Cablevision’s entire footprint.
The real brains of the company was CTO Gerrit "Pythagoras in boots" Niemeijer. He shaped the bizarro addled media fantasies of founder Seth Haberman into disciplined technology that changed the cable world. Niemeijer is now producing similar miracles for the company formerly known as NCC and now &amp;%@&amp;*. It's one of the signs, but no one really knows which is the Ampersand. Gerrit's biggest fear is that Haberman will lure him to join his new venture using the famed "Jello interface" to control the navigation of drones that run on coca-cola. There is also talk of reviving the infamous pens that can write under whipped cream - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uA16IQx-MJE
Despite Niemeyer's heroic efforts, nothing got done at VW without the hand of Sean "Salty" Walton. Walton was tricked into working for VW when he thought after years working for Haberman at Montage, he would re-enlist in the Navy. The papers he signed actually indentured him to work a decade for VisibleWorld in return for the rights to resell the companies old equipment on Ebay. That's why Walton had seemingly endless energies for his highly disciplined staff to always updated the hardware. Once a year, on the day he purported to re-enlist, Walton would show up to work in his ill-fitting Navy uniform, and play taps in the cafeteria and then drown his sorrows in Jelly Rolls.
Walton now amuses himself selling rubber carnation displays on Amazon under the handle Fool_Me_Twice. He maintains a four and one half star rating.
Haberman now spends most of his days looking up obscure meaningless holidays to indulge himself writing new "Early Dismissal" memos.

</doc>
<doc id="6987359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987359" title="Thap Sakae district">
Thap Sakae district

Thap Sakae (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the southern part of Prachuap Khiri Khan province, central Thailand.
History.
The area of Thap Sakae was separated from Mueang Prachuap Khiri Khan and Bang Saphan district. Due to its fertile land and sea, many people migrated to this area and established three villages, Huai Yang, Ang Thong, and Thap Sakae. When these villages grew bigger, the government established Thap Sakae minor district ("king amphoe") on 1 March 1939. It was upgraded to a full district on 23 July 1958.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are Mueang Prachuap Khiri Khan to the north and Bang Saphan to the south. To the west is the Tanintharyi Division of Myanmar, to the east the Gulf of Thailand.
The Huai Yang Waterfall National Park is in this district.
Administration.
The district is divided into six sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 65 villages ("mubans"). Thap Sakae is also a sub-district municipality ("thesaban tambon"), which covers parts of the "tambon" Thap Sakae. There are further six tambon administrative organizations (TAO) covering the non-municipal areas.

</doc>
<doc id="6987367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987367" title="V. P. Singh Badnore">
V. P. Singh Badnore

Vijayender Pal Singh Badnore (born 12 May 1948) is an Indian politician who was the 28th Governor of Punjab. He was a member of Rajya Sabha, elected on 17 June 2010. He was earlier a member of the 14th Lok Sabha and 13th Lok Sabha of the Indian Parliament. He represented the Bhilwara constituency of Rajasthan and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party from 1999 to 2009 and also 4 time Member of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly (1977–80, 1985–90, 1993–98, 1998–99).
Personal life.
Singh was born in Badnor, Rajasthan to Gopal Singh and Raj Kanwar Nathawad. He completed his Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in English and Business Management from Mayo College in Ajmer. Singh married Alka Singh on 25 November 1978. They have a son named Avijit and a daughter Divija.
Career.
Badnore was a member of Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from 1977 to 1980, 1985–90, 1993–98 and 1998–99. He was the Cabinet Minister for Irrigation in the Government of Rajasthan from 1988 to 1999. He was the vice-president in BJP Sangathan Rajasthan for over 15 years.
He was also a member of 13th (1999–2004) and 14th Lok Sabha (2004–2009), where he was a member of standing committee of Parliament for last 14 years and a convener of the Drafting committee of the Electricity Act 2003. Badnore was a member of the Rajya Sabha from 2010 to 2016, being nominated to the Panel of Vice-Chairman, Rajya Sabha in August 2014.
He was the Chairman Special Task Force to rehabilitate tigers in Sariska (Rajasthan), Government of Rajasthan 2005 to 2009, after the Sariska debacle – when all tigers were poached in Sariska in 2003–2004. Rehabilitation of tigers was done by translocation of tigers from Ranthambore Tiger Reserve.
He was appointed the Governor of Punjab on 17 August 2016. He relinquished office on 30 August 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="6987368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987368" title="Nathan McCullum">
Nathan McCullum

Nathan Leslie McCullum (born 1 September 1980) is a New Zealand former international cricketer who represented the national team in One Day International and Twenty20 International cricket. A right-arm off-break bowler, he played domestically for Otago between the 1999–2000 and 2015–16 seasons. He was also a part of the New Zealand squad to finish as runners-up at the 2015 Cricket World Cup.
He retired from international cricket after the 2016 ICC World Twenty20.
Personal life.
McCullum is the son of former Otago cricketer Stuart McCullum and the older brother of Otago and New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum. Both brothers attended King's High School in Dunedin.
McCullum is married; he is the father of three boys and since retiring from cricket has moved to Auckland to work as a construction recruitment agent, specialising in the field of industrial and commercial construction, including land building maintenance and office refurbishment. He became the general manager of Total Property Worx, an Auckland-based construction firm.
Domestic career.
McCullum made his first-class debut for Otago in the 1999–2000 season. His first List A match came in the 2000–01 season, and his first Twenty20 domestic match was against Canterbury at Christchurch on 13 January 2006. Later that year, McCullum was selected as part of the 30-man preliminary squad for the 2006 ICC Champions Trophy alongside fellow Otago teammates Warren McSkimming and Bradley Scott, but ultimately missed out on the final squad. In 2007, he toured the Netherlands and served as a player-coach for Hermes Cricket Club, taking charge of the age group and main team.
McCullum played in a number of overseas Twenty20 tournaments from 2010 for sides including Lancashire, Pune Warriors India, Sunrisers Hyderabad, Sydney Sixers, and Glamorgan. In 2010, he replaced Shoaib Malik as Lancashire's overseas player for the T20 Blast and was selected by Sydney Sixers for the 2011–12 Big Bash League season. He was part of the Sydney team which won the 2012 Champions League Twenty20, taking three wickets in the final against Highveld Lions.
International career.
He made his Twenty20 International debut for New Zealand against South Africa on 19 September 2007 at the inaugural edition of the Twenty20 World Cup in South Africa. However, he was dropped from the team after his T20I debut and worked harder with Mike Hesson in order to get back into the New Zealand team. He was also omitted from the 2009 ICC Champions Trophy.
He made his One Day International debut against Sri Lanka on 8 September 2009 at the age of 27 in Colombo. It marked his comeback return to the national team after a gap of two years. Although never playing test cricket, he has been a valuable asset in the shorter forms of the game, particularly in the 2011 Cricket World Cup in the sub-continent, where New Zealand ended up in semi finals. In February 2011, he was ruled out of New Zealand's opening match against Kenya after being hospitalised due to high fever. He played a key role in the quarterfinal match against South Africa Africa the 2011 World Cup where he took 3/24 in a low scoring match defending 221.
Although, Nathan was a regular feature in New Zealand's limited overs side since 2010s, his opportunities were often hampered at times due to the presence of Daniel Vettori who served as the lead spinner for New Zealand for a long time.
In an ODI against Sri Lanka at Hambantota in 2013, Nathan McCullum smashed 22 runs off spinner Rangana Herath's final over of the match when New Zealand required 21 in the last over. His match winning knock of unbeaten 32 off just nine deliveries including three sixes and one four in the penultimate over secured New Zealand a victory in a tense close rain curtailed match. He was also part of the New Zealand squad at the 2013 ICC Champions Trophy and in a group stage match against hosts England during the tournament, he set the record for taking the most number of catches in a Champions Trophy match with four. During the 2013 Champions Trophy, he also played a pivotal role in New Zealand's only win in the tournament scoring crucial 32 off 42 balls against Sri Lanka in a low scoring match where New Zealand won by one wicket chasing 139.
Although he was named in the final squad of 15 in 2015 Cricket World Cup, he was mostly used as a substitute fielder to Daniel Vettori. In 2015, McCullum announced he will retire from all forms of cricket at the end on the 2015/16 Southern Hemisphere summer season. He was not named in the Sri Lankan ODI series due to his back issues, so his ODI career is over, but he was named in the 2016 ICC World Twenty20. His last international match was against Bangladesh on 26 March 2016. He got out for first ball nought for Mustafizur Rahman as his fifth victim for T20I fifer. However, in bowling, McCullum took the wicket of Sabbir Rahman, which was his last international wicket as well. New Zealand finally won the match by 75 runs.
Association football.
Prior to concentrating on his cricketing career, McCullum played association football as a striker for Caversham AFC, winning the team's golden boot award in 1999 by scoring 19 goals in the FootballSouth Premier League. He scored two goals for the club in the 2003 New Zealand National Soccer League, at that time New Zealand's premier club league competition. He left the club in 2004, playing briefly with Mosgiel before turning his sporting attention completely to cricket. In 2017, he debuted for Auckland division 2 team, Ellerslie Diamonds, pulling his hamstring within minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="6987379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987379" title="Mikhail Bocharov">
Mikhail Bocharov

Mikhail Vasilyevich Bocharov (, 2 November 187229 April 1936) was an opera singer from the Russian Empire and later the Soviet Union. Vocally speaking, he is best described as a baritone.
He graduated from Kyiv University as a lawyer. He then studied singing with Everardi and Petza at the Kyiv Music College, and graduated in 1898. He continued his education in Italy. Bocharov sang in Kiev opera since 1900, then sang in Moscow (Zimin Opera), St. Petersburg, Odessa and other cities. He was awarded the honorary title Meritorious Artist of Russia in 1925. From 1932 onwards he sang mostly in concerts. He had a voice of a great range and cultivation. His roles include: Escamillo in "Carmen", Figaro in "The Barber of Seville", Beckmesser in "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg", Gryaznoi in "The Tsar's Bride", Ivan-Korolevich in "Kashchey the Immortal", Kochubey in "Mazeppa", Onegin, Demon, and Rigoletto, as well as various others.

</doc>
<doc id="6987380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987380" title="Vishvendra Singh">
Vishvendra Singh

Maharaja Vishvendra Singh (born 23 June 1962), also known as Vishvendra Singh, is the titular Maharaja of Bharatpur and a politician who has served as the cabinet minister of tourism and civil aviation in Government of Rajasthan from November 2021 to December 2023. He served as the Minister of Tourism and Devasthan in the Government of Rajasthan from December 2018 to July 2020. He was elected to the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly for three terms representing Nadbai in 1993 and Deeg-Kumher in 2013 and 2018. He was also elected to the Lok Sabha representing Bharatpur in 1989, 1999 and 2004. 
Early life.
Singh, who hails from the Sinsinwar Jat clan of Bharatpur, was born into royalty on June 23, 1962, at Moti Mahal in Bharatpur. He is the son of Maharaja Sawai Brijendra Singh, the 13th Maharaja of Bharatpur.
Political career.
Singh political career began with the Indian National Congress and became Zila Pramukh in 1988 and then he joined Janata Dal in 1989 and became member of the Lok Sabha for the first time after which he joined the Bharatiya Janata Party in 1991. He served as a Member of Parliament (MP) in the Lok Sabha representing Bharatpur for three terms from 1989 to 1991 as a member of Janata Dal, 1999 to 2009 as a member of the Bhartiya Janata Party. During his tenure, he was part of the Committee on Science and Technology, Environment and Forests from 1999 to 2004, and the Committee on Personnel, Public Grievances, Law &amp; Justice in 2004 to 2009. 
In 2008, Singh switched to the Indian National Congress due to conflicts with his BJP colleague Digamber Singh. His move to Congress marked his return to the party after two decades. As a member of Congress party, he contested the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly elections and has been elected as MLA for the Nadbai constituency from 1993 to 1998 and Deeg-Kumher constituency for two terms, 2013–2018 and 2018–2023.
Singh ministerial roles in the Rajasthan government have been significant. He served as the Minister of Tourism and Devasthan from December 2018 to July 2020, under chief minister Ashok Gehlot and deputy chief minister Sachin Pilot. Later, he held the portfolio of Tourism and Civil Aviation from November 2021 to December 2023. 
His political journey has been influenced by his royal heritage as the son of the last ruler of the princely state of Bharatpur, Maharaja Brijendra Singh. Despite the abolition of official symbols of princely India, including titles and privileges, in the 26th amendment to the Constitution of India in 1971, Singh’s royal background has provided him with a unique political leverage.

</doc>
<doc id="6987390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987390" title="Vaivara concentration camp">
Vaivara concentration camp

Vaivara was the largest of the 22 concentration and labor camps established in occupied Estonia by the Nazi regime during World War II. Some 20,000 Jewish prisoners passed through its gates, mostly from the Vilna and Kovno Ghettos, but also from Latvia, Poland, Hungary and the Theresienstadt concentration camp. Vaivara was one of the last camps established. It existed from August 1943 to February 1944.
Creation.
On 21 June 1943, Heinrich Himmler ordered the liquidation of the remaining ghettos in the Baltic states. Subsequently, German occupation authorities met under the auspices of the Commander of the Security Police and SD in Reval (the German name for the Estonian capital Tallinn) to plan the establishment of forced labor camps for the oil-shale extraction operations of Baltöl, an IG Farben subsidiary.
Beginning in August 1943, a series of concentration camps was established all over Estonia by Organisation Todt. The administrative center of the camp complex was in Vaivara. Hans Aumeier, a former camp commander of Auschwitz, in charge. The administrative staff was headed by . He was assisted by Hstf. Max Dahlmann, Hstf. Kurt Pannicke and Helmut Schnabel. Franz von Bodmann was the camp's surgeon. Altogether only 15 Germans served in the camp. Most of the guards were Estonian and Russian auxiliaries of the 287th and 290th Security Battalions (Schutzmannschaftsbataillone).
The camp was established in the beginning of August 1943 near the Vaivara train station. It served as the main camp ("Hauptlager") of 20 forced labor camps throughout Estonia, some of which existed only briefly, all of them together commonly referred to as the Vaivara [concentration] camp complex. At first the camp was run by the OT, but after a few weeks Kurt Pannicke took over. When Pannicke took over the Narva subcamp at the end of September, Helmut Schnabel became commander. In autumn 1944, some of the inmates were evacuated by sea to the Stutthof concentration camp. From there they were distributed to the satellite camps of the Natzweiler-Struthof concentration camp.
Conditions and prisoners.
Since the main purpose of the camps was to fully exploit the work capacity of their inmates, no large-scale killings of the able-bodied took place in the camps. Prisoners in the concentration camp had to work in the nearby forest, a quarry, or in oil shale extraction. Those prisoners too old or too sick to work were killed in "Selektionen" (selections), as were children. The first such selection took place in the autumn of 1943, when 150 Jewish men and women were shot in the nearby woods. A second selection eliminated 300 Jews, most of them suffering from typhoid fever. In twenty more selections, approximately 500 more Jewish prisoners were killed, including a group of children.
From Bodmann's reports, the camp population in the whole complex was 6,982 in October 1943, 9,207 in November 1943, 8,210 in February 1944 and 6,662 in June 1944.
In December 1943, a typhoid epidemic broke out in the camps, resulting in the deaths of 20 per cent of the camp population.
Evacuation.
With the front coming closer in early 1944, the Vaivara camp was evacuated on 4 and 5 February 1944. A total of 2,466 inmates were marched to the camps at Kiviõli (), Ereda (), Jõhvi () and Goldfields (). The inmates had to walk for three days in bad winter weather with poor clothing, footwear and food. The columns were also attacked by Soviet aircraft.
In July 1944, Bodmann held a strict selection, known as "Ten Percent Selection", when one in ten of the inmates was selected and shot near Ereda. In August and September, as Germans prepared the evacuation of Estonia, the inmates were sent west. As there were not enough ships, they crowded into the camps of Klooga and Lagedi. On 19 September 1944, about 2,000 inmates of the Klooga camp were executed and the corpses burned on pyres. Similar mass executions took place at Lagedi.
Aftermath.
Aumeier was tried at the Auschwitz trial in Poland in 1947 and executed. In 1951, the Soviets tried a number of Estonian auxiliaries. Brenneis was killed at the end of the war. Bodmann committed suicide in May 1945. Pannicke disappeared after the war. Schnabel was sentenced in Germany to 16 years imprisonment in 1968, which was reduced to 6 years in 1969. However, he was given a life sentence after another trial in 1977. Others were indicted but never tried by German courts.
Satellite camps.
Satellite camps of Vaivara concentration camp were located in:

</doc>
<doc id="6987398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987398" title="Doncaster Royal Infirmary">
Doncaster Royal Infirmary

Doncaster Royal Infirmary is a district general hospital of 800 beds, located in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. It is managed by Doncaster and Bassetlaw Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.
History.
Early history.
Doncaster Royal Infirmary started life as the Doncaster Dispensary on French Gate (now Greyfriars Road) in 1792: the original two-storey building was erected at the cost of £665. This became the Doncaster General Infirmary and Dispensary in 1868 with 23 beds and the Doncaster Royal Infirmary and Dispensary in 1906.
Plans for a new hospital were developed after the First World War and a three-day fund-raising bazaar was opened by Princess Christian in March 1922. However a long debate over the site of the new hospital ensued and, after pressure from colliery and railway companies, a site on Thorne Road was decided upon. The foundation stone was laid by the Prince of Wales in 1926, and construction began in 1928, but funding fell short, as it relied wholly on local efforts. The lack of finances led to a smaller building than originally envisaged opening in 1930. This was the first part of the hospital, on Thorne Road (now the West Ward Block). The hospital was officially opened by the Earl of Lonsdale in 1935.
Second World War.
At the outbreak of Second World War hutted wards of 200 beds were built in order to receive war wounded, as well as extra nursing accommodation required to staff the five huts.
Post war.
The hospital joined the National Health Service in 1948. With the formation of the Doncaster Area Health Authority in 1974, Doncaster Royal Infirmary acted as a hub for a series of facilities encompassing Loversall Hospital, Tickhill Road Hospital, St Catherine's Hospital and Western Hospital. The East Ward Block of 390 beds was added in 1968, all but one of the hutted wards were demolished in 1969 (Hut 5 becoming the biochemistry department), the Women's Hospital was added in 1969, and the Children's Hospital in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="6987411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987411" title="Breed game">
Breed game



</doc>
<doc id="6987412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987412" title="Karan Singh Yadav">
Karan Singh Yadav

Karan Singh Yadav (born 1 February 1945) is an Indian politician. He was elected to the Lok Sabha for two terms from Alwar. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.

</doc>
<doc id="6987413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987413" title="List of people from Sydney">
List of people from Sydney

This is a list of notable inhabitants of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="6987415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987415" title="And Then... Along Comes The Association">
And Then... Along Comes The Association



</doc>
<doc id="6987420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987420" title="George R. Struble">
George R. Struble

George Rix Struble (1836–1918) was a judge and politician from Toledo, Iowa.
Biography.
Early life and marriage.
Struble was born on July 25, 1836, in Sussex County, New Jersey. His parents, Isaac and Emma (Cox) Struble, removed to Fredericksburg, Virginia, when he was quite young. They afterwards removed to Chesterville, Ohio, in 1847. In 1856, Mr. Struble came to Iowa, locating first at Iowa City and remaining there until the following spring. He then located in Toledo, Iowa, where on April 19, 1860, he was married to Miss Sophia J. Nelson.
Political and law career.
Struble later entered a partnership with C.B. Bradshaw, M.M. Goodrich and L.G. Kinne, and formed the law firm of Struble &amp; Stiger was formed in 1881, which continued as long as he remained in active practice.
From 1870 to 1872, he served acceptably on the circuit bench and in 1879 was elected to the General Assembly where he served two terms, the last term as speaker of the House of Representatives from 1881 to 1883. An ardent prohibitionist and prominent attorney, he was once described as "the pride of the Bar in this community and the admiration of the Court." Struble was one of 12 siblings including John T. Struble of Iowa City, and Congressman Isaac S. Struble of Plymouth County, Iowa. He was also the Granduncle of Bob Struble, Sr. and great-granduncle of Bob Struble, Jr.
Death and legacy.
Struble died in his home in Toledo, Iowa, December 15, 1918. Upon his death, the state representative of Iowa called him a “affable and courteous” person and a “worthy and noble citizen”.

</doc>
<doc id="6987421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987421" title="Original fire">
Original fire



</doc>
<doc id="6987423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987423" title="Raghuveer Singh Koshal">
Raghuveer Singh Koshal

Raghuveer Singh Koshal (22 February 1933 – 24 August 2015) was an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) political party. He was a member of the 13th Lok Sabha and the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Kota constituency in Rajasthan state.

</doc>
<doc id="6987432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987432" title="Dont listen to the radio">
Dont listen to the radio



</doc>
<doc id="6987435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987435" title="Hassan Gabsi">
Hassan Gabsi



</doc>
<doc id="6987438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987438" title="Rock Bottom Riser">
Rock Bottom Riser



</doc>
<doc id="6987439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987439" title="Ringtail possum">
Ringtail possum



</doc>
<doc id="6987441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987441" title="Judicial rights">
Judicial rights



</doc>
<doc id="6987442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987442" title="Judicial right">
Judicial right



</doc>
<doc id="6987443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987443" title="Steyr Sportwaffen GmbH">
Steyr Sportwaffen GmbH

Steyr Sport GmbH (formerly Steyr Sportwaffen) is an Austrian manufacturer of air guns (rifles and pistols) aimed mostly at competitive ISSF shooting events such as 10 m Air Pistol and 10 m Air Rifle contested at the Olympic Games as governed by the International Shooting Sport Federation (ISSF).
The company was formed as an offshoot of Steyr Mannlicher in 2001.
They are most well known for the Steyr LP10 pre-charged pneumatic air pistol that was used to win gold and silver medals in both the men's and women's 10 m Air Pistol at the 2004 Summer Olympics held in Athens, Greece.
In the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics All medals - gold, silver, bronze for the Women's event and both Gold And Silver in the Men's event went to shooters using Steyr pistols

</doc>
<doc id="6987445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987445" title="ODNI">
ODNI



</doc>
<doc id="6987447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987447" title="Psychostimulants">
Psychostimulants



</doc>
<doc id="6987448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987448" title="Counting Bodies Like Sheep to the Rhythm of the War Drums">
Counting Bodies Like Sheep to the Rhythm of the War Drums

"Counting Bodies Like Sheep to the Rhythm of the War Drums" is a promotional single by the American rock band A Perfect Circle, off of their third studio album "Emotive". While the album primarily consists of cover songs, the track, along with the lead single "Passive", were the only two original recordings. Containing many lyrical similarities with the track "Pet", from the previous album, "Thirteenth Step", lead singer and lyricist Maynard James Keenan described the track as a continuation of the song. While the former refers to addiction, "Counting Bodies" focuses on political agendas.
Music video.
The video of "Counting Bodies Like Sheep to the Rhythm of the War Drums" is animated and deals with a political topic. The video begins with a peace symbol crumbling apart and falling from view. An oil derrick starts to turn, as blood slowly drips down the screen. In the next scene, a young boy climbing down from a tree meets a man who appears to be U.S. President George W. Bush riding a horse. The horse excretes a small television, and trots away. The boy sits down and watches the TV, and slowly turns into a sheep, as a plane flies behind and drops bombs in the background. Next, Bush walks into a classroom, carrying a small television. He places it down on the teacher's desk, and destroys the student's books. The video continues on in this manner until halfway through, when we see Bush sailing on a sea of blood. He enters a city dressed as a Roman Emperor and riding a sheep-driven chariot. After a moment, he then appears in a tank. As he progresses through the city, televisions fall out of windows, forming a sort of road for Bush.
He then begins to march through the area, with a brigade of sheep following him. Televisions begin to form a high-walled corridor. As the sheep continue to march, one turns around, stands up, and begins to climb the wall of televisions. As the sheep nears the top, another sheep stands up and marks him with an 'S' at the same time the word "Sedition" is displayed on the televisions making up the wall. An arm with a Republican elephant marked on an armband appears from the clouds, picks up the branded sheep, and throws him into a meat grinder. The animal emerges as a designer coat, and is then worn by a celebrity. In the next scene, two sheep stand up, and begin to kick down the television wall. These two sheep are then marked with the 'S' sign, and are impaled by two flags, marked 'Traitor'. The rest of the brigade follow Bush to a cliff, where he directs them over the edge into a blazing fire. George Bush's face then turns towards the viewer, alluding to hypnotizing the viewer as well.
In popular culture.
The song was used in numerous trailers and TV spots for movies, TV shows and video games including "Fantastic Four", "The Taking of Pelham 123", "Rage", "Missing", "Gotham", and "House of Cards", in addition to the promo for UFC 167: St-Pierre vs Hendricks PPV.

</doc>
<doc id="6987456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987456" title="Jigsaw (Marvel Comics)">
Jigsaw (Marvel Comics)

Jigsaw (William "Billy" Russo, also known as "The Beaut" before his disfigurement) is a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Len Wein and artist Ross Andru, the character made his first full appearance in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #162 (November 1976). He is depicted as an enemy of the Punisher and Spider-Man as well as a recurring foe of Daredevil.
The character was portrayed by Dominic West in the film "" and Ben Barnes in the Marvel Cinematic Universe / Netflix series "The Punisher".
Publication history.
Jigsaw was created by writer Len Wein and artist Ross Andru. He first appeared in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #162 (November 1976). He returned in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #188, and "The Punisher" #1 and #4–5. Jigsaw then allied with the Rev in "The Punisher" Vol. 2, #35–40, and Gregario in #55–56. Following a cameo appearance in "The Punisher War Journal" #61, Jigsaw's origin was detailed in Issues #3–4 of the prequel limited series "The Punisher: Year One", and he further bedeviled the Punisher in "Punisher" Vol. 3, #2–4 and #9–10.
Preceding an encounter with the eponymous character in "Daredevil" Vol. 2, #61–64, Jigsaw appeared in "The New Avengers" #1–3, #35, #46, #50, #57, and "The New Avengers Annual" #2; concurrent to his appearances in that title, Jigsaw also starred in "Punisher War Journal" Vol. 2, #11, #18–20, and #22–23. He was then featured in the five-issue miniseries "", and made a subsequent cameo in the "Thunderbolts" Vol. 2 Annual.
Jigsaw received profiles in "The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe" #6, "The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Master Edition" #10, "Marvel Encyclopedia" #4 and #5, "The New Avengers Most Wanted Files" #1, and "Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe A–Z" #6.
Fictional character biography.
Billy Russo was born to a poor Italian-American family, kicked out and abandoned as an orphan by his abusive father at the age of ten, and went on to become a hitman for New York's Italian criminal underworld, where his good looks garnered him the nickname "Billy the Beaut". He married a woman named Susan, and would beat both her and their son, Henry, once forcing Henry to drown his pet cat's kittens by threatening to shoot Susan. After the botched gangland execution that inadvertently led to the Castle family being massacred, Russo is hired by Frank Costa to cover up their deaths by killing all of their friends and loved ones. Russo kills all of his targets except for Frank Castle, who survives a bomb planted by Russo. Hours later, Frank, now the vigilante Punisher, tracks Russo down to a Maggia nightclub. He guns down all of Russo's men, but leaves him alive to send a message to organized crime after knocking him through a glass window pane, an act that reduces Russo's face to a jigsaw puzzle-like mess of scars.
Taking advantage of his hideous visage, Russo adopts the identity of "Jigsaw", and attempts to frame the Punisher for murder. The plan fails due to the intervention of Spider-Man and Nightcrawler; Spider-Man witnesses one of Jigsaw's murders, and one of his victims is an old friend of Nightcrawler's. Jigsaw later battled Spider-Man again.
It is revealed in the first "Punisher" miniseries that Jigsaw was behind a plan to drug the Punisher, causing his enemy to behave erratically and attack anyone he perceived as a criminal, even for something as minor as littering. Jigsaw also attempts to kill the Punisher while he is incarcerated. The Punisher confronts and defeats him, and later stops Jigsaw from escaping under cover of a prison riot. Later in the series, Jigsaw is brainwashed by the Trust into serving as a member of a Punisher-style assassination squad. He manages to remember whom he is after encountering Castle once again, and attacks the Punisher, only to be defeated once more.
Jigsaw is broken out of Ryker's Island by the Rev, who has him supervise the importation of a sterility-inducing Venezuelan drug intended for testing on the people of New York City. When the drug shipment is destroyed by the Punisher, Jigsaw sics a street gang on him, and flees to Venezuela with the Rev. After Jigsaw's face is healed by the Rev's powers, he is shot by the Punisher, but resurrected by the Rev, with the assistance of Belasco. Jigsaw's restored face is destroyed, and he is left for dead in the jungle in a later battle with the Punisher. Jigsaw recovers, and subsequently attempts to illegally reenter the United States, but is arrested and returned to Ryker's Island. When the Punisher is captured by the authorities and sent to same prison, Jigsaw tries to kill him, but the Punisher survives and escapes from Ryker's.
After the Punisher is arrested and sentenced to death for countless murders, Jigsaw dons a stylized copy of his costume and embarks on a homicidal rampage, targeting all those connected to the execution. When the Punisher is revealed to still be alive, an overjoyed Jigsaw attempts to kill him, but the Punisher overpowers him with the assistance of Daredevil. Jigsaw later partners with various syndicates to lay siege to the estate of the Geraci crime family after learning that Punisher has been forced to become their new underboss. Jigsaw and his allies abduct the Geracis, but they are saved by the Punisher, who shoots Jigsaw in the head.
Jigsaw next establishes a gunrunning operation, which is broken up by Daredevil and Black Widow. When his attempt at negotiating with Daredevil (who had declared himself the new Kingpin) fails, Jigsaw seeks revenge by breaking into Daredevil's home, where he is subdued by Black Widow. Jigsaw is remanded to the Raft, an island supervillain prison, which he escapes from (breaking Spider-Man's arm in the process) when the facility is attacked by Electro. Once free, Jigsaw tries to rob a bank, but is beaten by Tigra. This humiliation leads to his forming an alliance with the self-proclaimed "super-villain Kingpin" the Hood; together, Jigsaw and the Hood film themselves threatening and torturing Tigra. Later, Jigsaw takes part in the Hood's attack on the Sanctum Sanctorum, where he attempts to snipe Jessica Jones and Danielle Cage, only to be foiled by Spider-Man.
Jigsaw has resumed his vendetta against the Punisher, in the pages of "Punisher: War Journal". Now wearing a color-inverted mockup of the Punisher costume, Jigsaw arranges for the brainwashing of a young auxiliary police officer in the NYPD. Exploiting the naive cop's pathological "hero-worship" complex, Jigsaw and his new psychiatrist girlfriend turn the young man into a new version of the Punisher.
After a battle on the Brooklyn Bridge where the Punisher once again spares Jigsaw's life, Jigsaw is taken into S.H.I.E.L.D. custody. While imprisoned, he is seemingly shot dead by the man that he and his girlfriend (who was actually undercover S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Lynn Michaels) had brainwashed. Jigsaw survived the attempt on his life, and was transferred to a "reprogramming asylum" by H.A.M.M.E.R. He returns to the Hood's Gang in "Secret Invasion" to assist in fending off the invading Skrulls, and rejoins again in "Dark Reign" to help attack the New Avengers.
Jigsaw then partners with the similarly disfigured Stuart Clarke. Together, the "Jigsaw Brothers" hire Lady Gorgon to impersonate Maria Castle while they manipulate Henry, the Punisher's ally and Jigsaw's son, into helping them capture and kill the Punisher. After betraying and murdering Clarke, Jigsaw battles the Punisher on top of his own burning headquarters, only to fall through the roof of the building and into the fire below.
Jigsaw resurfaced when the pictures of he and Spider-Man were shown enjoying ice cream cones together while under the thrall of fairy king Oberoth'M'Gozz.
A recovered Jigsaw afterward appears in the "Civil War II" storyline as one of the criminals that the Kingpin has assembled to help him rebuild his New York empire.
During the "Search for Tony Stark" arc, Jigsaw rejoined Hood's gang and assisted in the attack on Castle Doom.
Punisher Vol. 12.
In the fallout from the Secret Empire event, Punisher is captured by Nick Fury and handed over to Baron Zemo, who's eager to exact punishment on the vigilante for targeting Hydra. Jigsaw accompanies Zemo in Bagalia, acting as one of the Baron's operatives. Zemo's plans to publicly execute Frank Castle in Bagalia go wrong and Jigsaw is dispatched to re-capture Castle. Commanding Zemo's Hydra agents, Jigsaw ultimately kills Sister Mercy, a nun Frank befriended in Bagalia's prison.
Both Zemo and Castle ultimately escape Bagalia and Jigsaw then appears in NYC, where he is presented as a disguised member of Zemo's new team of Thunderbolts. Jigsaw clashes with Thunderbolts veteran Moonstone while holed up with the rest of the team, but when the Thunderbolts do battle with Punisher's squad of allied heroes, Jigsaw intervenes to save Zemo, allowing the Thunderbolts to escape with a hostage.
Death.
Sometime after the Punisher became leader of The Hand, Jigsaw and other criminals grouped together to kill the Punisher by putting a bounty on him. Punisher was tracked to Slovenia where the criminals all attacked him. During an explosion, Jigsaw attacked the Punisher to finally kill him once and for all. However, the Punisher gained the upper hand and stabbed Jigsaw in the throat with a sword, killing him instead.
Powers and abilities.
Jigsaw is an athletic man with no superhuman powers. During his time in prison, he was able to hone his physical strength to a level comparable to the Punisher. He has extensive experience with street-fighting techniques, and familiarity with a variety of weapons and criminal techniques. He carries various handguns as needed. He has been known to wear a special exo-skeleton in his outfits. Before Jigsaw was disfigured, he was a highly-charismatic leader and criminal organizer, but after the accident, only the latter trait remained.
Other versions.
2099.
A cyborg and the under-capo of a crime syndicate called Cyber-Nostra, Multi-Fractor is the one to inform the group's leader, Fearmaster, of the existence of the new Punisher, who Multi-Fractor encounters for the first time while attempting to illegally demolish a decrepit neighborhood inhabited by "Decreds". Multi-Fractor survives his initial run-in with the Punisher, whom he encounters again while extorting protection money from a Grav-Ball Stadium. When the Punisher gains the upper hand in the ensuing fight, a trio of corrupt police officers come to Multi-Fractor's aid, providing him with a power-enhancing device, which kills him when the Punisher rams the machine into Multi-Fractor's chest.
A mortician and a veterinarian resurrect Multi-Fractor as Jigsaw 2099, a Frankenstein's monster-like being made of machinery and body parts taken from animals. Jigsaw attempts to get revenge on the Punisher, but is temporarily flash frozen by the crime fighter, psychologically tortured for information, and then imprisoned in the Punisher's "Punishment Hotel". Jigsaw is located and freed by Fearmaster, and together the two try to execute the Punisher with his own Molecular Disintegrator. When the machine is turned on, its fail-safes activate, and blast Jigsaw. Jigsaw is later discovered, taken captive, and further augmented by a gang, which he massacres and escapes from before rejoining Fearmaster.
Crossovers.
Jigsaw appears in both Batman/Punisher intercompany crossover books. In the first crossover, Jigsaw allies with the Joker and they both fight the Punisher and Batman (Jean Paul Valley). In the sequel, Jigsaw's face is repaired by one of the world's foremost plastic surgeons, extorted by the Joker (although the result is never seen as his face is heavily bandaged for most of the story), whom Jigsaw allies with again to take over Gotham. At the end of this crossover, Jigsaw's reconstructed face is destroyed by one of the Punisher's fragmentation grenades, and he is knocked out and left for the police by Batman (Bruce Wayne). Jigsaw and the Punisher's activities in Gotham are later recounted by both Azrael and Nightwing.
When the Amalgam Universe came into being as a result of the events of "DC vs. Marvel", Jigsaw was merged with Wonder Woman foe Cheetah to form "Pelt-Man"; cursed by an ancient ritual to resemble a big cat, Billy Minerva took his anger over his condition out on beautiful people, mutilating their faces until he was located and subdued by Trevor Castle and Diana Prince.
Earth X.
At some point in "Earth X", Jigsaw died, and was sent to the Realm of the Dead. When Captain Marvel and Thanos destroyed Death and created Paradise, Jigsaw was among the many who came to realize that they were actually deceased. Jigsaw rejected Paradise and remained in the Realm of the Dead, where he and the Jackal took to tormenting the Punisher, who had committed suicide, and was living in blissful ignorance with his equally unaware family. Jigsaw and the Jackal's actions cause the Punisher to remember his death, and drive a wedge between him and his disbelieving loved ones, who only come to accept that they are dead much later. Captain America, who had been sent by Paradise to bring others to it, punishes Jigsaw and the Jackal by banishing them to a desolate region of the Realm of the Dead.
Marvel MAX.
Jigsaw, operating under the alias The Heavy, appears in the "Girls in White Dresses" storyline of "The Punisher MAX". An American drug lord, Jigsaw expands his empire to Mexico, and has his affiliates within the country kidnap women from border towns for use as disposable slave labor in meth labs. When the families of the abducted and murdered women seek aid from the Punisher, Jigsaw drives the crime fighter to suicidal despair by tricking him into believing he had accidentally shot an innocent girl, though a last minute epiphany prompts the Punisher into exhuming and performing an amateur autopsy on the child, leading to the discovery that the bullet that ended her life was not one of his own. The Punisher proceeds to destroy Jigsaw's Mexican operation and free his captives, and during a subsequent fight between the two archenemies the Punisher knocks Jigsaw out a window and onto the boxcar of a passing train, leaving his fate ambiguous.
Bullseye later researches Jigsaw and other enemies of the Punisher, such as Barracuda, Finn Cooley, and General Nikolai Zakharov.
Jigsaw's role in "Girls in White Dresses" was regarded as generic and anticlimactic, and his inclusion in the MAX imprint criticized as obtrusive and gratuitous, by Jesse Schedeen of IGN, who felt that the character was "planted in this story mainly to appeal to fans of ".
Marvel Noir.
Jigsaw is Al Capone's top assassin in "Punisher Noir". He, Barracuda, and the Russian are hired to kill Frank Castelione, a grocer who had defied mob boss Dutch Schultz. Years later, Frank's son, the Punisher, tries to ambush Jigsaw, but is shot unconscious, and has his skull-face mask removed. Jigsaw takes the Punisher to his lair, and tortures him by carving a skull into the Punisher's chest. After Jigsaw mentions who helped him and Barracuda murder Frank, the Punisher escapes his bonds, and kills Jigsaw by garroting.
In other media.
Television.
Billy Russo / Jigsaw appears in "The Punisher" (2017), portrayed by Ben Barnes. This version is Frank Castle's former best friend who served alongside him in the Marine Corps Force Reconnaissance as a Scout Sniper. After leaving the Marines, Russo founded a private military company called Anvil. Coming from a traumatizing background, he is nicknamed "Billy the Beaut" by Castle due to his good looks and womanizing habits. Throughout the first season, Russo works with his former commanding officer William Rawlins to eliminate Castle and anyone who could link them to their illegal affairs in Kandahar while pursuing a relationship with DHS agent Dinah Madani. However, Madani gradually deduces Russo's criminal activities while Castle kills Rawlins and grievously disfigures Russo's face before the latter is hospitalized. In the second season, Russo begins wearing a mask with a shattered visage and receives psychiatric help from Dr. Krista Dumont to address his scars and memory loss. After re-encountering Castle and following a failed bank robbery, Russo attempts to flee with Dumont, only for Madani to find them and get Dumont to safety. Russo takes refuge in Curtis Hoyle's workplace basement, but Curtis alerts Castle, who finds and kills Russo.

</doc>
<doc id="6987459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987459" title="Billy Gilman (Album)">
Billy Gilman (Album)



</doc>
<doc id="6987463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987463" title="Horseman">
Horseman

Horseman or The Horsemen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6987466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987466" title="Her Majesty's Naval Base Clyde">
Her Majesty's Naval Base Clyde



</doc>
<doc id="6987473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987473" title="David Oteo">
David Oteo

David Alejandro Oteo Rojas (born 27 July 1973) is a Mexican former professional footballer who last played for Rio Grande Valley Grandes in the USL Premier Development League in the United States.
A central defender capable of filling in at left fullback, Oteo began his career with UNAM in the 1992–93 season. He became a starter that season and remained a regular in the Pumas lineup until leaving for Tigres in 1999. By 2001 he had formed a solid partnership with former UNAM teammate Claudio Suárez in a defense that carried Tigres to the Invierno 2001 final, where they lost to Pachuca. In 2003 Tigres again reached the final before losing to Pachuca, with Oteo now receiving much of his playing time at left back after the emergence of Hugo Sánchez Guerrero to join Suárez in the center. He joined Toluca for one season in 2004, playing infrequently, then moved to Atlante in 2005. The Clausura 2007 season was Oteo's last in the Mexican top division.
Oteo also represented Mexico from 1996 to 2004. His international career began in the 1996 U.S. Cup against Bolivia in Dallas on June 8, 1996. He was named to the squad for the 2001 FIFA Confederations Cup by coach Enrique Meza, playing in Mexico's 2–0 loss to Australia. After a spell out of the team under Javier Aguirre, Oteo returned after the appointment of Ricardo Antonio Lavolpe and appeared in Mexico's 8-0 World Cup qualifying victory over Dominica in 2004, scoring his first and only international goal. Oteo's twelfth and last cap came at the 2004 Copa America, in a 2–2 draw against Uruguay on July 7, 2004.
Oteo was a member of Mexico's squad at the 1996 Summer Olympics, but did not appear in any of the team's four matches at the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="6987474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987474" title="RNAD Coulport">
RNAD Coulport

Royal Naval Armaments Depot Coulport, shortened to RNAD Coulport, on Loch Long in Argyll, Scotland, is the storage and loading facility for the nuclear warheads of the United Kingdom's Trident programme.
The base, near the village of Coulport, has up to 16 reinforced concrete bunkers built into the hillside on the eastern shore of Loch Long. It is the last depot in Britain to retain the "RNAD" designation, indicating a Royal Naval Armaments Depot.
The depot was established during the Cold War as the storage, maintenance and loading facility for Polaris nuclear weapons. Today, Coulport is mainly used for handling Trident warheads.
Two docks are located on the shoreline at the foot of the hill. There, weapons are loaded onto nuclear submarines before they go on patrol and unloaded before they return to base at nearby Faslane. An older jetty is known as the Polaris Jetty, while the newer, covered explosive handling jetty (EHJ) is used for handling Trident warheads.
History.
Coulport had originally been best known as a holiday retreat for wealthy Glaswegians, with its most notable feature being Kibble Palace, now relocated to the Glasgow Botanic Gardens. It is the site of the farm of Duchlage (historically spelt Duchlass).
The Nassau Agreement was signed in December 1962, and the Polaris Sales Agreement was signed in April 1963. Initial construction took place between 1963, when Faslane was chosen as the new Polaris base, and 1968, when the first Polaris boat began its patrol. Safety considerations required that the armament maintenance and the storage facility have its own berth and be at least from the main facility whilst operational considerations dictated that the two facilities should be within an hour's sailing time. Coulport, on the opposite peninsula, met both of these requirements.
The Trident Works Programme at Coulport and Faslane, co-ordinated by the Property Services Agency, took 13 years to complete. Planning work at Coulport began in 1982, and the estimated final cost for the entire programme, at 1994 prices, was approximately £1.9 billion. This made it the second most expensive procurement project in the UK after the Channel Tunnel project.
Prior to the 2014 Scottish independence referendum, the implications of a potential vote for Scottish independence from the United Kingdom for the Coulport and Faslane bases were extensively discussed in the media, as it was unclear if any submarine base in England, Wales or Northern Ireland could house the Coulport silos. Since the Scottish electorate voted against independence, Scotland remained UK territory and so the bases, and the equipment housed there, were unaffected.
A covered floating dry dock for the Trident submarines was built at Hunterston in Ayrshire, and floated to RNAD Coulport where it has been situated since 1993. This explosive handling jetty is one of the world's largest floating concrete structures.
From about 2010 to 2025, due to inadequate maintenance of 1,500 water pipes, some tritium used periodically to replenish the Trident nuclear weapons leaked into Loch Long, constituting a low level of radioactive pollution. Analysis by Scottish Environment Protection Agency suggested that up to half of the pipeline components were beyond their design life when the leaks occurred.
Sister depot at Kings Bay, Georgia.
The UK's Polaris system was fully serviced at Coulport, but the Trident missiles are randomly selected from the large US stockpile at the Trident Refit Facility at the Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay, Georgia. The missiles are not owned outright by the UK, which has "mingled asset" ownership rights to 58 missiles from a pool shared with the US Navy. The Trident warheads are designed and manufactured by the Atomic Weapons Establishment at Aldermaston, Berkshire, England, and are owned by the UK government.
Site management.
RNAD Coulport is owned by the Ministry of Defence (MOD) and is one of four Atomic Weapons Establishment (AWE) sites. Under a fifteen-year contract agreed in 2012, AWE plc, Babcock and Lockheed Martin UK Strategic Systems, together known as the ABL Alliance, manage and operate Coulport, although the Royal Navy's Naval Base Commander Clyde retains overall control and responsibility for security and activities. The site is regulated by the Office for Nuclear Regulation and Defence Nuclear Safety Regulator.
Safety.
Exercise Bowline is the annual test of the emergency response routines to a nuclear weapon accident at Coulport. It is conducted by the Office for Nuclear Regulation. In 2011 the test failed as "a number of command and control aspects of the exercise were not considered to have been adequately demonstrated".
The exercise was repeated later in the year and recorded "a marked improvement" and that "the agreed objectives and associated success criteria of the 'Command and Control' aspects were met."
Transport of Trident nuclear warheads by road.
The main logistical movement of nuclear weapons in the UK is between the Atomic Weapons Establishment in Berkshire and RNAD Coulport in Argyll, in both directions. Because the warheads need to be regularly refurbished, batches are shuttled by road convoy several times a year. Convoys use staging posts and crew change locations during this journey.
The Truck Cargo Heavy Duty (TCHD) carriers containing the weapons are escorted in a convoy of MoD vehicles commanded by a Ministry of Defence Police (MDP) Chief Inspector. The crew, of up to 50 people, includes a first aid team, fire crew and personnel equipped to monitor for radiological hazards. The convoy maintains contact by radio and telephone with Task Control, MDP Central Control Room, Wethersfield, Essex, which monitors its movement, and with the civil police forces in the affected areas.
Police forces are notified at least 24 hours in advance of a convoy being routed through their area; this enables them to advise the convoy about any local traffic problems. Police forces may advise fire brigades of the presence of the convoy if it is moving into the vicinity of a fire brigade operation.
Details of nuclear warhead convoys are kept secret by the UK government and the MoD who operate a "Neither Confirm Nor Deny" policy on informing the public regarding convoys. Evidence given by the Nuclear Information Campaign to the Defence Select Committee (based on figures from campaign group Nukewatch UK for 2000 to 2006) give the number of convoys as ranging from two to six return journeys per year from Aldermaston to Coulport. Estimates of the warhead numbers transported during this period are that 88 were moved from Aldermaston to Coulport while 120 were returned, indicating a withdrawal of between 30 and 50 warheads leaving an operational stockpile of between 170 and 150 warheads.
In the event of a nuclear accident the SSC would activate the MoD's Nuclear Accident Response Organisation and would alert the local police. The responsibility for these operations rests with the Director Nuclear Movements &amp; Nuclear Accident Response Group.
Protesters regularly try to stop the convoy and climb onto the TCHDs. The MDP are trained on a regular basis to counter any protest. MDP motorcyclists and traffic car officers make arrests and then hand over responsibility to the local police.

</doc>
<doc id="6987479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987479" title="School for Scoundrels (2006 film)">
School for Scoundrels (2006 film)

School for Scoundrels is a 2006 American comedy film, starring Billy Bob Thornton and Jon Heder, and directed by Todd Phillips. The film is based on the 1960 British film "School for Scoundrels". The remake was released on September 29, 2006.
The remake has a similar theme to the original film, but a noticeably different plot and tone.
Plot.
Roger is a downtrodden meter reader, subject to ridicule from co-workers and regular denizens. He dreams of dating Amanda, a foreign graduate student who lives in his building. To overcome his lack of self-esteem, he signs up for a course taught by Dr. P where Roger and his classmates are constantly bullied by Dr. P and his assistant Lesher, who likes to use outrageous and unethical methods on them, including humiliation. Some tasks they are required to do are quite cruel and primitive – like the task to start a conflict or even a fight with somebody they meet just to prove they are fearless. However, nobody intends to quit the course because Dr. P says he won't give a refund of $5,000 to anyone who quits or disobeys the orders given to them. The classmates even warn Roger that Dr. P will destroy him if his progress is too fast, just like he has done to one of his former students.
While participating, Roger begins to develop a sense of personal pride and finally asks Amanda for a date where he uses tricks he learned during the course. Wanting to prove that he's still got his edge, Dr. P starts competing with Roger for Amanda. He approaches her with a false story that he is a successful and child-loving surgeon whose wife has died, and Amanda, who is a voluntary caretaker for animals, is immediately attracted and starts dating him. When Roger begins to see what's happening, he decides to take action to get Amanda back, although his actions are futile. After a competitive tennis match in which Roger humiliates him, Dr. P enlists the talents of Roger's classmates to break into Amanda's apartment and paint graffiti on the walls so he could frame Roger as a stalker. Roger uses his authority as a meter reader to impound Dr. P's car, and in retaliation Dr. P gets Roger fired from his job.
Roger learns of Dr. P's plans for Amanda, from Lonnie, a depressed former student, whose girlfriend was also led astray when he was humiliated by Dr. P. Lonnie shows Roger a fascicle full of evidence that Dr. P is a fraud, who uses multiple identities and false stories to attract or distract his victims. After learning that Dr. P invited Amanda to Miami, Roger is determined to stop him once for all. He heads for the airport where Dr. P tells him he is a winner and grants him two tickets – one for him and one for Amanda. However, Roger at first doesn't know that Dr. P has sent him to the wrong gate. After realizing he was again tricked by Dr. P, Roger heads to the right gate and boards the plane to Miami in the last moment. With the aid of Lonnie and classmates, he finally exposes Dr. P's duplicity, it's revealed that Dr. P isn't a doctor or surgeon (he wanted to use a defibrillator on Roger who just fainted, but was truly faking) and that his wife is still alive. Amanda finally realizes she was wrong and returns to Roger. When meeting Roger after some time, Dr. P grants him a diploma for passing his course – the first diploma ever issued by him. He also invites Roger to attend one of his future courses as a guest, but Roger refuses. The film closes with a summary of what happened to most characters after the film's events.
Similarities between original and remake.
The character of Dr. P is a homage to the headmaster of the fictional Yeovil College of Lifemanship, Stephen Potter, in the original 1960 film. The Lifemanship books, actual works on which both films are based, were written by the real author named Stephen Potter.
Both films feature a tennis game between love rivals as a set-piece.
Reception.
"School for Scoundrels" came in at #4 at the North American box office in its opening weekend, accumulating $8,602,333, before eventually grossing $23,947,685 worldwide.
The film received mainly negative reviews, with Rotten Tomatoes giving the film 26% and a consensus that ""School for Scoundrels" squanders its talented cast with a formulaic, unfocused attempt at a romantic comedy that's neither romantic nor funny."

</doc>
<doc id="6987480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987480" title="Faslane naval base">
Faslane naval base



</doc>
<doc id="6987481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987481" title="Luis Angel Landin">
Luis Angel Landin



</doc>
<doc id="6987485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987485" title="School for Scoundrels">
School for Scoundrels

School for Scoundrels may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6987487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987487" title="Cheap pop">
Cheap pop



</doc>
<doc id="6987488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987488" title="Pomerelle">
Pomerelle

Pomerelle Mountain is an alpine ski area in the western United States, in south central Idaho. It is located below Mount Harrison in the Albion Mountains in the Minidoka Ranger District of the Sawtooth National Forest, and south of Albion in Cassia County, northeast of the Utah-Nevada border with Idaho.
Pomerelle's summit elevation is above sea level with a vertical drop of . There are two chairlifts (both triple) and a magic carpet for the beginners' area. The area's average annual snowfall is .
One of the oldest ski areas in the western U.S., Pomerelle began its operations in 1940. During the ski season, it operates daily and five nights per week (Tuesday through Saturday).
Pomerelle features a spacious lodge at the bottom of the mountain offering foods and beverages. There is also a grill outside the lodge on the deck that offers hamburgers, hot dogs, cold drinks, and beer. In the basement of the lodge, there is a rental shop.
On New Year's Day in 1973, a chairlift mishap injured 21 skiers; there were no fatalities.

</doc>
<doc id="6987489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987489" title="Avalanche Studios Group">
Avalanche Studios Group

Avalanche Studios Group is a Swedish video game developer and publisher based in Stockholm. It is a parent company that includes Avalanche Studios, Expansive Worlds, and Systemic Reaction. Founded by Linus Blomberg and Christofer Sundberg in March 2003, Avalanche Studios focuses on developing open world projects and bases them on their proprietary Apex game engine (formerly known as Avalanche Engine). The company is best known for developing the "Just Cause" and "theHunter" game series.
Formed after the collapse of Rock Solid Games, the studio gained early success with the first "Just Cause" title. The team then began "Just Cause 2"s development, but the company suffered from financial problems due to the cancellations of two contracted projects. Despite missing the release window twice, "Just Cause 2" was both a critical and financial success for Avalanche Studios. The company then opened a studio in New York City to work on "Just Cause 3", while the Stockholm team began working on "Mad Max" in collaboration with Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. The company announced two titles in 2017, "Rage 2" with id Software and a self-published title named "Generation Zero". Nordisk Film acquired the company in 2018, having invested in it the year prior.
A casual gaming subsidiary, Expansive Worlds, was established in March 2010 to work on "theHunter" series. The company aims to begin self-publishing new original intellectual properties in the future. In addition to the office in Stockholm, the company has offices in Malmö and Liverpool.
History.
Background.
Avalanche Studios was founded by Linus Blomberg and Christofer Sundberg in 2003. Prior to the establishment of the studio, Sundberg had worked in video game publishing as well as "FIFA Soccer" for Electronic Arts. Both of them joined Paradox Interactive, a video game publisher that had published games such as "Europa Universalis". Eventually, Sundberg and Blomberg left and founded their own company called Rock Solid Studios during the second quarter of 2001. The company partnered with Conspiracy Entertainment to develop a video game adaptation of "Tremors", a movie series from Universal Pictures. Titled "", it was set to be released for personal computers, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and GameCube in 2003. During that period, another Stockholm-based video game development studio, Starbreeze Studios, announced that they would acquire Rock Solid. The agreement between the two companies was ultimately broken by Starbreeze, and the acquisition was stopped. In addition, Universal decided to cancel "Tremors: The Game", which led Rock Solid to declare bankruptcy. With the failure and collapse of Rock Solid, Sundberg and Blomberg became unemployed and in debt. They eventually decided to start over in 2003, establishing Avalanche Studios with six other employees. Reflecting on the founding in 2015, Sundberg stated that the studio was born in "pure chaos", and attributed their failure with Rock Solid to trusting "the wrong people".
2003–2010.
When naming the company, Sundberg, Blomberg and the other employees brought up a list of military code words used during World War II. They ultimately decided upon "Avalanche" as the company's name. The company worked on a prototype project called "Rico: Terror in the Tropics" in 2003. The project, designed by Sundberg himself, would eventually become Avalanche's first title, "Just Cause". He pitched the game's concept to publisher Eidos Interactive, which was accepted. According to Sundberg, he wanted to develop a game "where you could skydive onto the roof of a car and keep on going". The game was released in 2006 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360. Sundberg considered "Just Cause" to be the 'DNA' and 'center point of the studio', since it was the first game they developed.
Following "Just Cause", Avalanche began to provide technical assistance to "theHunter". Originally developed and published by Emote Games, the franchise was acquired by Avalanche on 18 February 2010. As "theHunter" is an online-activated game, Avalanche established a subsidiary studio called Expansive Worlds on 24 March 2010 to provide support to the continuous development of "theHunter". The new studio will also work on new online games. It was a commercial success for Avalanche, with Sundberg claiming that the title "contribute[s] quite a lot to [Avalanche's] financial success". Avalanche considered "theHunter" to be an experiment for them to see whether the free-to-play business model suited the company or not.
Also in development during Avalanche's work on "theHunter" was "AionGuard" and "Just Cause 2". "AionGuard" is a fantasy video game that was ultimately put on hold. "Just Cause 2" was announced in January 2008. Powered by the Apex Engine 2.0, Avalanche Studios' in-house engine, the game included several new and improved features. Originally set to be released in 2008, the game subsequently missed its target release window. In 2008, the studio suffered from layoffs; Avalanche dismissed 77 staff members after the company lost approximately due to the loss of two contracted projects. One of them was later leaked as "Arcadia", a game that once was to be published by THQ. After the incident, Sundberg claimed that the company would remain as a small studio in the future. "Just Cause 2" was not released in 2009, which was regarded as "a bad year for most companies including ourselves" by Sundberg. In May 2009, 20 more employees were laid-off. Despite Avalanche's layoffs, development of "Just Cause 2" was completed, and the game was launched in March 2010 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. Upon release, "Just Cause 2" was proven to be more popular than its predecessors; over 2 million players played the game's demo, and over 6 million players purchased the final game. As the game did not ship with any multiplayer feature, a multiplayer PC mod, which can accommodate more than one thousands players in a single map, was created by a modder. Avalanche Studios supported the mod, made the mod official on 16 December 2013, and released the mod on Steam as free downloadable content for players who had purchased the game.
2011–2018.
Upon the completion of "Just Cause 2", Avalanche teased a new project. A new downloadable title, called "Renegade Ops", was announced on 30 March 2011. The team was approached by Sega to develop a new downloadable intellectual property using the Apex Engine. Compared to their past titles, the game's production and development periods were much shorter. The game drew inspirations from 1986's "Jackal", 1992's "" and 1993's "Cannon Fodder". It received generally positive reviews upon its release in October 2011.
On 15 June 2011, Avalanche announced that the company would establish a new division in New York City. The studio was officially opened on 17 November 2011, and the first title set to be developed by the New York division was revealed. Codenamed "Project Mamba", the title was a AAA video game set to be released for "next-gen" consoles and PC in 2014. The new studio is located in SoHo, Manhattan, and is led by David Grijns, who was a former employee of Activision and Atari, SA. According to Grijns, Avalanche Studios chose New York City as their location due to less competition. They also aimed to change the "inhospitable" environment of the game industry there.
In 2012, Avalanche began the development of "Mad Max". Prior to the game's development, Avalanche had pitched several projects that were set in a post-apocalyptic environment to different publishers. While the original projects never came to fruition, an opportunity was presented to Avalanche Studios by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment to develop a video game set within the "Mad Max" universe. Film director and creator of the "Mad Max" franchise, George Miller, was consulted during the game's pre-production period. Cory Barlog, the game director of "God of War II", joined the studio in 2010 and left in 2012. Prior to his arrival, he had already been working on a "Mad Max" game with Miller, leading to a confusing relationship between the two projects. In August 2014, Avalanche Studios announced that they were developing several new projects, calling 2015 "the biggest year since the inception of Avalanche Studios more than a decade ago". In addition, the company announced that the Stockholm-based studio would be moved to a larger building for further expansion in the third quarter of 2015. "Mad Max" was originally set to be released in 2014, but was delayed to September 2015.
While "Mad Max" was being developed by Avalanche's studio in Stockholm, the New York division was working on "Just Cause 3". The development of "Just Cause 3" also began in early 2012. While the previous "Just Cause" games were developed by the Swedish studio, the development of "Just Cause 3" was transferred to the American studio to give the title a fresh start. The game was the first title published by Square Enix after their acquisition of Eidos Interactive. Avalanche Studios sent a team to visit a jungle in Costa Rica to inspect the local landscapes and environments to help them create the game worlds for both "Mad Max" and "Just Cause 3". Sundberg considered the collaboration with Square Enix as "a long-term partnership". During Square Enix's E3 2015 press conference, Square Enix of America CEO, Phil Rogers, stated that he considered "Just Cause" a major franchise that can stand "side by side" with other iconic Square Enix franchises. 
In addition to "Mad Max" and "Just Cause 3", a standalone expansion of "theHunter" featuring dinosaurs, titled "theHunter: Primal", was released on Steam's early access on 15 December 2014. The full game was launched on 31 March 2015. The company also released their first mobile title called "Rumble City", a strategy board game which takes inspiration from the American bike culture during the 1960s. It was released on 7 July 2015.
In June 2015, vice president of business development Pim Holfve was promoted to Avalanche Studios's chief executive officer, the first to hold this post. In October 2015, the company announced that both the New York office and the Stockholm office suffered minor lay-offs as the studio was undergoing major transition between projects and that it was unable to maintain multiple large teams during this period. In June 2016, the Sweden office announced that they had hired Cameron Foote, the lead designer of "Just Cause 2"'s multiplayer mod, to work on both Avalanche's "present and future projects".
2018–present.
In May 2018, Avalanche Studios announced that they had established a second Swedish office in Malmö. Avalanche was announced in May 2018 to be co-developer of "Rage 2" along with id Software. In a video interview with "Game Informer", Sundberg revealed that the company will focus on developing new original intellectual property in the future and, despite continuing to work with other larger publishers, the company's focus will be shifted to self-publishing.
Nordisk Film invested into Avalanche Studios in April 2017, acquiring the developer fully on 30 May 2018 for . In June 2018, Avalanche announced a first-person shooter game, titled "Generation Zero", scheduled for release on 26 March 2019. On 10 June 2018, "Just Cause 4" was announced at the Xbox Briefing at E3 2018, scheduled for release on 4 December 2018. On June 25, 2018, Avalanche announced that it had 6 projects currently in development.
The company announced it was reorganising as Avalanche Studios Group in March 2020, serving as a parent company to three subsidiaries, Avalanche Studios (which will continue to handle AAA titles like "Rage" and "Just Cause"), Expansive Worlds (for the outdoor themed titles like "theHunter"), and Systemic Reaction (for the self-publishing division for games like "Generation Zero"). The company's first UK office was opened in Liverpool in June 2020.
In 2021, the company hired a project lead who had been accused of sexual harassment at their previous company. Despite numerous complaints to the company's management and human resources department, no actions were taken; the person voluntarily resigned in mid-2022. Employees still pressed the leadership on the lack of transparency, and the company posted a public apology to its website in November 2022. 
Holfve was replaced by Stefanía Guðrún Halldórsdóttir in March 2023. By October, more than 100 staffers had joined Unionen, Sweden's largest labour union, in hopes to negotiate better contracts. In the same month, Avalanche Studios Group established a Montreal office through its acquisition of Monster Closet, a studio formed by former Ubisoft developers. In April 2024 it was announced that the developers had successfully unionized, with Halldórsdóttir open to work along Unionen to implement new frameworks. In June 2024, Avalanche closed its offices in Montreal and New York, laying off 50 employees.
Games.
Cancelled projects.
The studio also worked on several cancelled projects. In 2009, Avalanche announced "AionGuard", a "God of War"-style open world fantasy game which features World War I fighters, samurai and knights for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. Influences for the game were drawn from "Star Wars" and works from Frank Herbert and Michael Moorcock. However, the project was eventually put on hold indefinitely in 2010. In 2012, the company announced a non-Superman comic book game, which was eventually cancelled in 2014. The studio almost collaborated with LucasArts to develop an open world video game based on the "Star Wars" universe. A steampunk-themed game was also reported to be in development, but was later put on hold. In 2021, the open world co-op game "Contraband" was announced to be in development at Avalanche and set to be published by Xbox Game Studios, but was later canceled in August 2025.

</doc>
<doc id="6987490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987490" title="High Pike">
High Pike

High Pike is a fell in the northern part of the English Lake District, it is located south of Caldbeck. It has a height of and is the most northerly of the Lakeland fells over , a widely used criterion for determining which summits are classified as mountains. It is a large fell with its northern slopes falling away towards the lower ground between Caldbeck and Carlisle. Like the neighbouring Carrock Fell it has been extensively mined and the wealth created by the abundant variety of minerals on High Pike led to the saying "Caldbeck fells are worth all England else". This fell should not be confused with another Lake District High Pike situated in Scandale near Ambleside.
Summit.
High Pike’s summit is of some interest, it is used as a beacon by the population of Caldbeck and a fire is lit to celebrate important events such as the Millennium and coronations. The summit also has a massive cairn which was originally a shepherds cottage and has become a ruin. There is a trig point which has been mounted with a plaque which says "“To Celebrate Caldbeck Parish’s Millennium Celebrations”", there is also a substantial wind shelter nearby which has also been built from the stones from the ruined cottage. However, the most unusual of High Pike’s summit fixtures is a slate bench which bears the inscription "“In memory of Mick Lewis who loved all these fells”", he died in 1944 aged 16 and a small add-on is in memory of his mother who died in 1970. Famous mountaineer Chris Bonington lives in nearby Caldbeck and is he is often to be seen walking his dog on High Pike, he told a local newspaper in May 2005
"This (High Pike) is a hill I feel truly at home on, It has always been one I can return to after climbing some serious peak in the Himalaya or Alps and return to earth. It has the most wonderful changing moods. The light is ever-shifting across the fell making a kaleidoscope of colours, and its wildlife is fascinating."
Mining.
The mines of High Pike, which all lie on its northern slopes, have yielded numerous minerals since the 16th century. In fact, the most famous, Roughtongill is reputed to have yielded twenty three different ores. Copper was extracted at the Sandbeds mine, while lead and copper was mined at Driggeth mine. Later, some of the mines were reopened during the Second World War for the extraction of barytes, which was needed for the production of munitions. The last mine closed in 1966.
Ascents.
A direct ascent of High Pike is usually done from the north, starting around the Caldbeck area, however the fell is often climbed in conjunction with the nearby fells of Carrock Fell, Knott and Great Calva making a circular walk that starts and finishes near Mosedale to the south of Carrock Fell.
Summit.
High Pike’s position on the northern perimeter of the Lake District gives a fine view of the Solway Firth and the Scottish Border hills to the north. However the view south is severely curtailed by the bulks of Skiddaw and Blencathra and the main body of Lakeland is not seen well. High Pike has two subsidiary tops which are also classed as Nuttall fells, Hare Stones and Great Lingy Hill lie to the south west of the main summit at a distance of 600 metres and one kilometre respectively.
Geodesy.
High Pike was the origin (meridian) of the 6 inch and 1:2500 Ordnance Survey maps for Cumberland.

</doc>
<doc id="6987498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987498" title="Peace of Basel (1499)">
Peace of Basel (1499)



</doc>
<doc id="6987500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987500" title="Came Blue">
Came Blue



</doc>
<doc id="6987501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987501" title="Edson Alvarado (Mexican footballer)">
Edson Alvarado (Mexican footballer)

Edson Antonio Alvarado García (born 27 September 1975) is a Mexican former footballer, who represented Mexico at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born in Mexico City.
Honours.
Mexico

</doc>
<doc id="6987504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987504" title="Warren McSkimming">
Warren McSkimming

Warren Charles McSkimming (born 21 June 1979) is a New Zealand former professional cricketer. He played for the Otago cricket team between the 1999–00 season and 2011–12, making more than 170 senior appearances for the side.
McSkimming was born at Ranfurly in Central Otago in 1979 and educated at Waitaki Boys' High School. His father, Bryan McSkimming, had played Hawke Cup cricket for Central Otago and had played in the Otago provincial side's Second XI.
A medium-paced bowler who focussed "more on accuracy, rather than bounce or pace, McSkimming played age-group cricket for Otago from the 1996–97 season and played three youth One Day Internationals for the New Zealand under-19 side against an England under-19 side in early 1999. He went on to make his senior representative debut for Otago in December of the same year, playing a List A against Canterbury, opening the bowling without taking a wicket and scoring two not out. He made his first-class debut later the same season, taking five wickets for Otago against the same side.
McSkimming went on to play regularly for Otago in a career which last until the end of the 2010–11 season. He took 240 first-class and 117 List A wickets and made a first-class century, a score of 111 runs made as part of an Otago record ninth wicket partnership of 208 runs with Bradley Scott against Auckland in 2004–05. He played for the New Zealand A side four times, touring Sri Lanka with the side in 2005 and playing against a touring England side in 2008–09. Although he was never capped by the national side, he was selected in the 30-man preliminary New Zealand squad for the Champions Trophy in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6987509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987509" title="I See Things Upside Down">
I See Things Upside Down

I See Things Upside Down (2004) is the second solo studio album from singer-songwriter Derek Webb. It was recorded at The Smoakstack recording studio in Nashville, Tennessee and engineered by Justin Loucks. This album branches out musically from what Webb had done in the past, and Webb has stated that he wanted to "dismantle everyone's idea of what kind of music they could expect" from him.
Referencing the paradoxes provided in Christ's teachings, "I See Things Upside Down" investigates the idea that perhaps, contrary to our religious and social standards, failure equals success, poverty equals riches, weakness equals strength, and foolishness equals understanding. “What are the things that we American Christians value in our culture and how is that different and often ‘upside down’ from true Kingdom values? I’ve found that often success looks more like failure, riches more like poverty, and that real life often feels more like death,” Webb said in a press release.
Reception.
Webb's second album was well-received by both fans and critics alike. Sonically folksy-rock, "I See Things Upside Down" wasted no time mincing words or sugarcoating Webb's perception of the state of the Church and the American faith culture. This criticism shouldn't be taken as disdain, per se, as Webb continues to assert he is particularly passionate about the Church. In an interview with Cross Rhythms, Webb said, "It's the same dilemma patriots have always had. Patriots love their government enough to be able to criticise it. I love the Church; the Church needs to hear the Gospel. I feel very encouraged at the camaraderie I have felt with college kids, families, even pastors, as we all share our concerns. If I can continue doing this, I am very happy." 
Awards and accolades.
"I See Things Upside Down" was selected as the #2 best album of 2004 by Christianity Today magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="6987513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987513" title="Faslane">
Faslane



</doc>
<doc id="6987514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987514" title="Enrique Alfaro (footballer)">
Enrique Alfaro (footballer)

Enrique Alfaro (born 11 December 1974) is a Mexican former football midfielder. He spent most of his career with Toluca, playing from 1994 to 2002.
An attacking midfielder who normally lined up on the right side of the midfield line or in a three-forward attack, Alfaro played a key part in Toluca's championship runs during the Verano tournaments of 1998, 1999, and 2000.
Alfaro also had a successful international career. As part of the Under-23 selection, he represented Mexico at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, appearing in all four matches. He also collected 20 full caps for Mexico, including five qualifiers for the 1998 FIFA World Cup, and played on Mexico's title-winning squad at the 1998 CONCACAF Gold Cup. A favorite selection at the beginning of the regime of Bora Milutinovic, Alfaro gradually slipped down the pecking order with the emergence of Luis Hernandez and Cuauhtémoc Blanco as the preferred strikers under Milutinovic's successor, Manuel Lapuente. He collected his first cap against Bolivia in a 1–0 win at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas on 8 June 1996, and made his last international appearance on 18 March 1998, in a 1–1 draw with Paraguay.
Honours.
Mexico

</doc>
<doc id="6987518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987518" title="State Route 415 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 415 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6987519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987519" title="Locknut">
Locknut

 
A locknut, also known as a lock nut, locking nut, self-locking nut, prevailing torque nut, stiff nut or elastic stop nut, is a nut that resists loosening under vibrations and torque. Prevailing torque nuts have some portion of the nut that deforms elastically to provide a locking action. Free-spinning locknuts exist which carry the advantage of not requiring extra torque until seated. 
Types.
There are various kinds of specialised lock nuts, including:
Prevailing torque values.
"Prevailing torque" differentiates a locknut from a free spinning nut based on a value of how much torque is required during installation before clamp loading. For example, on a nylon-insert nut, it is the torque needed to overcome the resistance of the nylon dragging across the mating thread. This torque value is usually not very high relative to final installation torque. Tolerance ranges for torque are specified in some standards such as (ISO, DIN, IFI, ASME, SAE, AN-, MS-, NAS- NASM-).
Prevention of loosening.
Locknuts are one way to prevent vibration from loosening a bolted joint. Other methods include safety wire, lock washers, and thread-locking fluid.

</doc>
<doc id="6987522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987522" title="Lock nut">
Lock nut



</doc>
<doc id="6987523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987523" title="State Route 393 (Virginia pre-1928)">
State Route 393 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6987524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987524" title="Jose Manuel Abundis">
Jose Manuel Abundis



</doc>
<doc id="6987528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987528" title="Locking nut">
Locking nut



</doc>
<doc id="6987530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987530" title="Victor Guy, baron Duperré">
Victor Guy, baron Duperré



</doc>
<doc id="6987533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987533" title="The Jigsaw Killer">
The Jigsaw Killer



</doc>
<doc id="6987535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987535" title="A Hit">
A Hit



</doc>
<doc id="6987537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987537" title="José Manuel Abundis">
José Manuel Abundis

José Manuel Abundis Sandoval (born 11 June 1973) is a Mexican former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Career.
Abundis last played for Querétaro F.C. in 2008. He made his debut for the New England Revolution in Major League Soccer on 30 September 2006, scoring the second goal in a 3–1 victory against Columbus Crew SC, but was not re-signed at the end of the season, following disputes with coach Steve Nicol over playing time.
He represented Mexico at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 1999 FIFA Confederations Cup. He scored 3 goals in the tournament, including one in the final.
Abundis served as head coach of Atlanta Silverbacks during the 2011 North American Soccer League season. He was fired by Atlanta on 7 November 2011.
On 18 June 2019. Abundis was appointed as head coach of Petroleros de Poza Rica, a team that plays in the Mexican Third Division.
Honours.
Toluca
Mexico

</doc>
<doc id="6987543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987543" title="Mockingbird (Derek Webb album)">
Mockingbird (Derek Webb album)

Mockingbird (2005) is the third solo studio album from singer-songwriter Derek Webb.
Produced by Cason Cooley, the album touches on subjects such as politics, social justice, and war. Webb has stated that he tackled these subjects to stimulate discussion and engage people to bring about changes in what he sees as some of the greatest problems the world is facing today.
The Work of the People (a community of artists, storytellers, filmmakers, poets and theologians) created a music video for Webb's song "A New Law" which is available for viewing on their website.
To broaden this discussion to people less inclined to purchase his album, beginning September 1, 2006, Webb offered "Mockingbird" for free on the website www.freederekwebb.com, where it was available for download until December 1, 2006. Over 80,000 free copies of the album were downloaded during this time.
Personnel.
Band
Additional musicians
Technical
Awards and accolades.
"Mockingbird" was named the No. 7 "Best Christian Album of 2006" by "Christianity Today" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="6987547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987547" title="Faslane (disambiguation)">
Faslane (disambiguation)

Faslane (His Majesty's Naval Base "Clyde") is a Royal Navy base on the Gare Loch, Argyll and Bute, Scotland.
Faslane can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6987556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987556" title="Winstead">
Winstead

Winstead may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6987558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987558" title="Kenichi Uemura">
Kenichi Uemura

 is a former Japanese football player and manager. He played for the Japan national team.
Club career.
Uemura was born in Yatsushiro on April 22, 1974. After graduating from Matsunaga High School, he joined J1 League side Sanfrecce Hiroshima in 1993. He broke into the first team in the first season. His first league appearance came on July 4, 1993 against Verdy Kawasaki at Kawasaki Todoroki Stadium. He scored his first professional goal on July 24, 1993 against Urawa Reds at Hiroshima Stadium. He played in many matches as defender from his first season, except at times when he was injured.
After 11 year's long service at Sanfrecce Hiroshima, he moved to Cerezo Osaka in 2004, then Tokyo Verdy (2005–2006). After a brief spell at YSCC Yokohama, he joined Rosso Kumamoto (later "Roasso Kumamoto") in 2007. He damaged his knee ligaments three times and experienced seven operations. These injuries have affected his form. Uemura retired from professional football after the 2008 season.
National team career.
He represented the Japan U-23 national team at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He played in 2 matches. He scored a goal in a group stage match against Hungary. Although Japan won 2 matches, Japan exited in the first round. Japan beat Brazil in their first game. It was known as the "Miracle of Miami" () in Japan.
In April 2001, Uemura was selected by the Japan national team. National team manager Philippe Troussier gave him his first full international cap on April 25 in a friendly against Spain in Córdoba. He was a member of the Japan team for the 2001 Confederations Cup. He played three games and Japan won second place. He played 4 games for Japan in 2001.
Coaching career.
After the retirement, Uemura started coaching career at J2 League club Roasso Kumamoto in 2009. In 2013, he moved to J2 club Kamatamare Sanuki and served as coach under manager Makoto Kitano. However the club was relegated to J3 League end of 2018 season. In 2019, Uemura became a manager as Kitano successor.
Managerial statistics.
Update; "December 31, 2018"

</doc>
<doc id="6987564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987564" title="Nodoc">
Nodoc



</doc>
<doc id="6987565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987565" title="John McMillan">
John McMillan

John McMillan, MacMillan or Macmillan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6987567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987567" title="Battle of Changshan">
Battle of Changshan



</doc>
<doc id="6987569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987569" title="Battle of Calven">
Battle of Calven

The Battle of Calven (Romansh: "Chalavaina") took place on 22 May 1499 at the exit of the Val Müstair in the Grisons (now part of Switzerland) to the Vinschgau in County of Tyrol (now part of Italy) between the forces of King Maximilian I of the House of Habsburg and those of the free federation of the Three Leagues of the Grisons. It was the decisive battle in the southern Grisons of the Swabian War; after the defeat of the Habsburg troops, the king had to abandon his attempts to control the Engadin and the Val Müstair. The focus of operations in the Swabian War subsequently shifted again to the northern border of the Old Swiss Confederacy.
Background.
Since the early Middle Ages, the Bishopric of Chur and the Counts of Tyrol had been disputing and quarrelling over the judicial rights in the lower Engadin, the Val Müstair, and the Vinschgau. When Tyrol came under the rule of the Habsburgs in 1363, Habsburg reeves had tried repeatedly to curtail the rights of the bishopric and to assimilate the valleys to their territories. The people of these valleys opposed these attempts and between 1367 and 1415 united in the League of God's House, one of the Three Leagues of the Grisons.
In the Holy Roman Empire, Maximilian I of the House of Habsburg had become king in 1486. Seven years later, he took over the possessions of his cousin Sigismund of Austria, which included Tyrol, uniting all Habsburg possessions in his hands. The general rise of power of the Habsburgs and their dynastic politics had brought them in conflict with the French kings. Maximilian's second marriage to Bianca Maria Sforza of Milan in 1493 opposed him directly to the French kings who also claimed the Duchy of Milan; a conflict that would escalate to the Italian Wars. The alpine passes in the southern Grisons—and in particular the Umbrail Pass in Val Müstair—had suddenly become strategically important as a direct route from the Tyrol to northern Italy, and the Habsburgs redoubled their efforts to control that region.
The Habsburg pressure had prompted the Three Leagues of the Grisons to sign a close military alliance with the Old Swiss Confederacy in 1497/98. A raid of Habsburg troops on the Benedictine Convent of Saint John at Müstair on 20 January 1499 had been the immediate cause for the outbreak of the Swabian War, opposing the Swiss Confederacy and the Leagues of the Grisons against the forces of Maximilian, in particular the Swabian League. Part of Maximilian's strategic objective in this war was the control of the Umbrail Pass. Until April 1499, a large Habsburg army with troops from the Swabian League, from Tyrol, and mercenaries from Italy assembled at the villages of Mals and Glurns in the Vinschgau. At Calven, they erected strongly armed wooden fortifications (a so-called "Letzi") blocking the entire exit of the Val Müstair. Habsburg troops tried to conquer the Pass dal Fuorn on 11 May 1499, but failed.
The battle.
The bishop's reeve in the southern Grisons, Benedikt Fontana, was forced to leave his seat on the "Fürstenburg" at Burgeis in the Vinschgau. He had called repeatedly to have strong troops sent to interfere with the preparations of the Habsburg army. The Three Leagues finally complied and assembled an army of about 6,300 men at Zuoz and marched to the Val Müstair. They knew that their time was running out, because they had news of Maximilian being on his way with reinforcements. But the "Letzi" seemed an insurmountable barrier. The Habsburg army numbered some 12,000 men, of which 2,000 manned the fortifications themselves, while another 1,200 covered the flanks. Castle Rotund at Taufers in front of the barrier was also manned with Habsburg troops, and 200 men guarded the bridge at Marengo behind the "Letzi". The rest of the Habsburg army camped at the villages in the Vinschgau.
The "mats", as the soldiers of the Three Leagues were called in Romansh, decided to split at Müstair: about 2,000 – 3,000 men led by Wilhelm Ringk and Hans von Lombris were to march over the mountains to bypass the "Letzi" on the north and to attack the enemy from behind. Because their route was in full view of Castle Rotund, they took off at night. When they arrived in the morning in the Vinschgau, they were immediately engaged by Habsburg troops, who fled in panic, however, when rumours that they numbered 30,000 made the round. But at the Marengo bridge, their advance was stopped. The fleeing troops, united with the 200 Tyrolian soldiers stationed there, managed to hold the bridge.
The other half of the troops of the Three Leagues attacked the fortifications frontally all the same. But the defense was strong; the "Letzi" was equipped with many cannons, and the "mats" were driven back several times and suffered heavy losses. The commanders cheered on their soldiers to keep attacking, and threatened to kill them as traitors should they retreat. Their commander Benedikt Fontana fell. A local flanking maneuver over the mountain slopes south of the barrier finally brought the "mats" the victory. Under simultaneous pressure from all sides, the defenders had to give way. The footsoldiers were overwhelmed and fled, and likewise did the knights, as Pirckheimer reports. They were chased through the Vinschgau and many drowned in the wild mountain rivers.
Aftermath.
The victorious troops of the Three Leagues pillaged the Vinschgau valley for three days, burning every house and killing all men over twelve years of age. With their bounty, which included some 300 small and eight larger cannons, they retreated over the Fuorn Pass on 25 May 1499. When Maximilian, who was at that time at Landeck, heard of the defeat, he was enraged and hurried to Glurns, where he arrived on 29 May 1499. 38 hostages from the Engadin were killed in retaliation at Meran, and in June 1499 his troops ravaged the Engadin valley, burning most of the villages up to Samedan. When the Swiss Confederacy sent reinforcements on 18 June 1499 and troops from Bern, Zürich, Uri, and Glarus arrived at Davos, the Habsburg troops cleared the valley.
But the defeat at Calven had put an end to Maximilian's attempt to gain control over the Val Müstair and its passes. His allies of the Swabian League refused to send more soldiers to the Grisons, which was of no interest to them. Maximilian returned to Lake Constance, and subsequently led the operations on the northern border of the Swiss Confederacy. But his troops suffered many defeats, and in September 1499, he had to agree to the Peace of Basel.
Although this peace treaty affirmed the "status quo ante bellum" and thus the mixed jurisdiction over the Grisons between the Habsburgs, the bishopric of Chur, and the Three Leagues remained, the battle of Calven marked the end of the Habsburg expansion in the Grisons. The victory also strengthened the republican Three Leagues, who would consolidate their alliance in 1524. The Vinschgau, however, became a Habsburg territory in 1618, when the Grisons became a theater in the Thirty Years' War.
Legend.
Benedikt Fontana is considered a hero and a freedom fighter in the Grisons. Legend has it that he cheered on his men to attack the Habsburg fortifications with the words "Hei fraischgiamank meiss matts, cun mai ais be ün hom da fear, quai brichia guardad, u chia hoatz Grischuns e Ligias u maa non plü!"—"Go on, my boys, I'm just one man, do not care about me. Today is for the Grisons and the Leagues, or never!". Whether he really used such words is of course uncertain; written accounts that emphasise his role in the battle appeared only in the middle of the 16th century. The legend was further elaborated and became popular in the 19th century, and in 1903, a statue was erected in his honor at Chur.

</doc>
<doc id="6987573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987573" title="Jigsaw (Harvey Comics)">
Jigsaw (Harvey Comics)

Jigsaw is a Joe Simon-created character and two-issue comic series published by Harvey Comics from September to December 1966.
Developed for Harvey's short-lived superhero line, Harvey Thriller, Jigsaw was the disconnectable "Man of a Thousand Parts". The feature was drawn by Tony Tallarico, with the writing generally, if unconfirmably, credited to Otto Binder. The backup features were "Super Luck" in issue #1 (artist unknown) and "The Man From SRAM" (art by Golden Age veteran Carl Pfeufer) in #2. The first issue also featured an anthological science fiction story drawn by EC Comics great Reed Crandall. Work for a third issue may exist.
The story involves astronaut Gary Jason, who was accidentally killed and then put back together by aliens, who turn him into a living jigsaw puzzle and inform him that he will be their "space agent". In his new form, Jigsaw can stretch his body parts, similar to the popular Quality Comics character Plastic Man.
The unsuccessful Harvey Thriller line ended abruptly with the March 1967 issues, leaving "Jigsaw" with only two issues. House ads showed the cover to issue #3, but the issue was never published.

</doc>
<doc id="6987574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987574" title="Shigeru Morioka">
Shigeru Morioka

 is a former Japanese football player.
Club career.
Morioka was born in Ozu on 12 August 1973. After graduating from high school, he joined Gamba Osaka in 1992. He debuted in 1993 and played many matches as offensive midfielder from 1994. His opportunity to play decreased in 1998. He moved to Kyoto Purple Sanga in 1999 and Vissel Kobe in 2000. He returned to Gamba in 2002. Although he played many matches in 2002, his opportunity to play decreased from 2003. In 2006, he moved to Regional Leagues club Banditonce Kobe (later "Banditonce Kakogawa"). He retired end of 2008 season.
National team career.
In July 1996, Morioka was selected Japan U-23 national team for 1996 Summer Olympics. At this tournament, he played 1 match as right side midfielder against Hungary in third match. Although Japan won 2 matches, Japan lost at First round. At this time, Japan won Brazil in first game. It was known as "Miracle of Miami" () in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="6987580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987580" title="Scottish Reformation">
Scottish Reformation

The Scottish Reformation was the process whereby Scotland broke away from the Catholic Church, and established the Protestant Church of Scotland. It forms part of the wider European 16th-century Protestant Reformation.
From the first half of the 16th century, Scottish scholars and religious leaders were influenced by the teachings of the Protestant reformer, Martin Luther. In 1560, a group of Scottish nobles known as the Lords of the Congregation gained control of government. Under their guidance, the Scottish Reformation Parliament passed legislation that established a Protestant creed, and rejected Papal supremacy, although these were only formally ratified by James VI in 1567. 
Directed by John Knox, the new Church of Scotland adopted a Presbyterian structure and largely Calvinist doctrine. The Reformation resulted in major changes in Scottish education, art and religious practice. The kirk itself became the subject of national pride, and many Scots saw their country as a new Israel.
Pre-Reformation Scotland.
Pre-Reformation church.
Structure.
Christianity spread in Scotland from the 6th century, with evangelisation by Irish-Scots missionaries and, to a lesser extent, those from Rome and England. The church in Scotland attained clear independence from England after the Papal Bull of Celestine III (, 1192), by which all Scottish bishoprics except Galloway became formally independent of York and Canterbury. The whole , with individual Scottish bishoprics (except Whithorn/Galloway), became the "special daughter of the see of Rome". It was run by special councils made up of all the Scottish bishops, with the bishop of St Andrews emerging as the most important figure. The administration of parishes was often given to local monastic institutions in a process known as appropriation. By the time of the Reformation in the mid-16th century 80% of Scottish parishes were appropriated, leaving few resources for the parish clergy.
In 1472 St Andrews became the first archbishopric in the Scottish church, to be followed by Glasgow in 1492. The collapse of papal authority in the Papal Schism (1378–1418) allowed the Scottish Crown to gain effective control of major ecclesiastical appointments within the kingdom. This "de facto" authority over appointments was formally recognised by the Papacy in 1487. The Crown placed clients and relatives of the king in key positions, including James IV's (r. 1488–1513) illegitimate son Alexander Stewart, who was nominated as Archbishop of St. Andrews at the age of 11. This practice strengthened royal influence but it also made the Church vulnerable to criticisms of venality and nepotism. Relationships between the Scottish Crown and the Papacy were generally good, with James IV receiving tokens of papal favour.
Medieval popular religion.
Traditional Protestant historiography tended to stress the corruption and unpopularity of the late Medieval Scottish church. Since the late 20th century, research has indicated the ways in which it met the spiritual needs of different social groups. Historians have discerned a decline of monastic life in this period, with many religious houses maintaining smaller numbers of monks. Those remaining often abandoned communal living for a more individual and secular lifestyle. The rate of new monastic endowments from the nobility also declined in the 15th century. In contrast, the burghs saw the flourishing of mendicant orders of friars in the later 15th century, who, unlike the older monastic orders, placed an emphasis on preaching and ministering to the population. The order of Observant Friars were organised as a Scottish province from 1467, and the older Franciscans and the Dominicans were recognised as separate provinces in the 1480s.
In most Scottish burghs there was usually only one parish church, in contrast to English towns where churches and parishes tended to proliferate. As the doctrine of Purgatory gained importance in the late Middle Ages, the number of chapelries, priests, and masses for the dead prayed within them, designed to speed the passage of souls to Heaven, grew rapidly. The number of altars dedicated to saints, who could intercede in this process, also increased dramatically. St. Mary's in Dundee had perhaps 48 such altars and St Giles' in Edinburgh more than 50. The number of saints celebrated in Scotland also proliferated, with about 90 being added to the missal used in St Nicholas church in Aberdeen. New cults of devotion related to Jesus and the Virgin Mary began to reach Scotland in the 15th century, including the Five Wounds, the Holy Blood, and the Holy Name of Jesus. New religious feasts arose, including celebrations of the Presentation, the Visitation, and Mary of the Snows.
In the early 14th century, the Papacy managed to minimise the problem of clerical pluralism, by which clerics held two or more livings, which elsewhere resulted in parish churches being without priests, or served by poorly trained and paid vicars and clerks. The number of poor clerical livings and a general shortage of clergy in Scotland, particularly after the Black Death, meant that in the 15th century the problem intensified. As a result, parish clergy were largely drawn from the lower ranks of the profession, leading to frequent complaints about their standards of education or abilities. Although there is little clear evidence that standards were declining, this was expressed as one of the major grievances of the Reformation. Heresy, in the form of Lollardry, began to reach Scotland from England and Bohemia in the early 15th century. Lollards were followers of John Wycliffe (c. 1330 –84) and later Jan Hus (c. 1369 –1415), who called for reform of the Church and rejected its doctrine on the Eucharist. Despite evidence of the burning of heretics and some popular support for its anti-sacramental elements, it probably remained a small movement.
Pressure to reform.
Humanism.
From the 15th century, Renaissance humanism encouraged critical theological reflection and calls for ecclesiastical renewal in Scotland. As early as 1495 some Scots were in contact with Desiderius Erasmus (1466–1536), the Netherlands-born leading figure in the northern humanist movement. They were also in contact with Jacques Lefèvre d'Étaples (c. 1455 – 1536), a French humanist and scholar who like Erasmus argued strongly for reform of the Catholic Church by the elimination of corruption and abuses. Scottish scholars often studied on the Continent and at English universities. Humanist scholars trained on the Continent were recruited to the new Scottish universities founded at St Andrews, Glasgow, and Aberdeen. These international contacts helped integrate Scotland into a wider European scholarly world and were one of the most important ways in which the new ideas of humanism entered Scottish intellectual life. By 1497 the humanist and historian Hector Boece, who was born in Dundee and studied at Paris, returned to become the first principal at the new university of Aberdeen.
The continued movement of scholars to other universities resulted in a school of Scottish nominalists at Paris by the early 16th century, the most important of whom was John Mair, generally described as a scholastic. His Latin "History of Greater Britain" (1521) was sympathetic to the humanist social agenda. In 1518 he returned to become Principal of the University of Glasgow. Another major figure was Archibald Whitelaw, who taught at St. Andrews and Cologne, becoming a tutor to the young James III and royal secretary in 1462–1493. Robert Reid, Abbot of Kinloss and later Bishop of Orkney, was responsible in the 1520s and 1530s for bringing the Italian humanist Giovanni Ferrario to teach at Kinloss Abbey. Ferrario established an impressive library and wrote works of Scottish history and biography. Reid was to leave sufficient endowment in his will, for the foundation of Edinburgh University. James McGoldrick suggests that there was a circle of "Erasmian-type scholar-reformers" at the royal court in the first decade of the sixteenth century.
Lutheranism.
From the 1520s the ideas of Martin Luther began to have influence in Scotland, with Lutheran literature circulating in the east-coast burghs. In 1525 Parliament banned their importation. In 1527, the English ambassador at Antwerp noted that Scottish merchants were taking William Tyndale's New Testament to Edinburgh and St. Andrews. In 1528 the nobleman Patrick Hamilton, who had been influenced by Lutheran theology while at the universities of Wittenberg and Marburg, became the first Protestant martyr in Scotland. He was burned at the stake for heresy outside St Salvator's College at Saint Andrews. Hamilton's execution inspired more interest in the new ideas. The Archbishop of St Andrews was warned against any further such public executions as "the reek [smoke] of Maister Patrik Hammyltoun has infected as many as it blew upon".
Political background (1528–1559).
James V.
After entering his personal reign in 1528, James V avoided pursuing the major structural and theological changes to the church undertaken by his contemporary Henry VIII in England. In exchange for his loyalty to Rome, who became a Cardinal in 1538 and Archbishop of Saint Andrews in 1539. James increased crown revenues by heavily taxing the church, taking £72,000 in four years. The results of such appointments and taxation undermined both the status and finances of the Church. The Church was also divided by jurisdictional disputes between Gavin Dunbar, Archbishop of Glasgow and James Beaton, Archbishop of St. Andrews until his death in 1539. As a result, in 1536 the first provincial church council called since 1470 failed to achieve major reforms or a united front against heresy. After the execution of Patrick Hamilton, the Crown prosecuted some men and a small number of executions followed in the 1530s and 1540s, but there was no systematic persecution, as the king was not interested in wide-scale bloodletting. An increasing number of lairds and nobles began to favour reform, particularly in Angus, the Mearns, Fife and within the University of St Andrews. Leading figures included Alexander Cunningham, 5th Earl of Glencairn and John Erskine of Dun. In 1541 Parliament passed legislation to protect the honour of the Mass, prayer to the Virgin Mary, images of the saints, and the authority of the pope.
Rough Wooing.
James V died in 1542, leaving the infant Mary, Queen of Scots as his heir, with the prospect of a long minority. At the beginning of Mary's reign, the Scottish political nation was divided between a pro-French faction, led by Cardinal Beaton and by the Queen's mother, Mary of Guise, and a pro-English faction, headed by Mary's prospective heir James Hamilton, Earl of Arran. Initially Arran became Regent, backed by the small "evangelical party" at court, who favoured religious reform. The act of Parliament of 1543 removed the prohibition against reading the Bible in the vernacular. A planned marriage between Mary and Edward, the son of Henry VIII of England, which had been agreed under the Treaty of Greenwich (1543), led to a backlash in Scotland and a coup led by Cardinal Beaton. He repudiated the reforming policies, and all consideration of an English marriage for the Queen, angering the English. They invaded to enforce the match, an action later known as the "rough wooing", which devastated south-east Scotland.
In 1546, George Wishart, a preacher who had come under the influence of Swiss reformer Huldrych Zwingli, was arrested and burnt at the stake in St. Andrews on the orders of Cardinal Beaton. Wishart's supporters, who included a number of Fife lairds, assassinated Beaton soon after and seized St. Andrews Castle, which they held for a year while under siege, before they were defeated with the help of French forces. The survivors, including chaplain John Knox, were condemned to be galley slaves, helping to create resentment of the French and martyrs for the Protestant cause.
In 1547, the English under Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset renewed their invasion and defeated the Scots at Pinkie, occupied south-east Scotland with forts at Lauder, Haddington and an outpost at Dundee. This occupation (1547–1549) encouraged the reforming cause. The English supplied books and distributed Bibles and Protestant literature in the Lowlands. Several earls pledged themselves 'to cause the word of God to be taught and preached'. To counter the English, the Scots secured French help, the price of which was the betrothal of the infant Queen to the French dauphin, the future Francis II. She departed for France in 1548, where she was to be raised and educated. At this point, "the policy of Henry VIII had failed completely". French ascendancy was made absolute over the next decade. In 1554, Arran was given the title Duke du Châtellerault and removed from the regency in favour of Mary of Guise (the Queen Mother).
Regency of Mary of Guise.
During her regency (1554–1560), the Queen's mother ensured the predominance of France in Scottish affairs. She put Frenchmen in charge of the treasury and the Great Seal, and the French ambassador Henri Cleutin sometimes attended the Privy Council. At first Mary of Guise cultivated a policy of limited toleration of Protestants, hoping to gain their support for her pro-French policies and against England, which from 1553 was under the rule of the Catholic Mary Tudor, who married the future Philip II of Spain in 1554. Hopes for reform of the existing church helped keep the political nation unified. But the marriage of Mary Queen of Scots to the dauphin in 1558 heightened fears that Scotland would become a French province. Reformers were given hope by the accession, in England, of the Protestant Queen Elizabeth in 1558, which created a confessional frontier in Great Britain.
Reforming Councils.
The Church responded to some of the criticisms being made against it. John Hamilton, Archbishop of St Andrews, instigated a series of provincial councils (in 1549, 1552, probably in 1556 and in 1559), modelled on the contemporaneous Council of Trent. These blamed the advance of the Protestant heresies on "the corruption of morals and the profane lewdness of life in churchmen of all ranks, together with crass ignorance of literature and of the liberal arts". In 1548, attempts were made to eliminate concubinage, clerical pluralism, clerical trading, and non-residence, and to prohibit unqualified people from holding church offices. Further, the clergy were enjoined to scriptural reflection, and bishops and parsons instructed to preach at least four times a year. Monks were to be sent to university, and theologians appointed for each monastery, college, and cathedral. But in 1552, it was acknowledged that little had been accomplished. Attendance at Mass was still sparse and "the inferior clergy of this realm and the prelates have not, for the most part, attained such proficiency in the knowledge of the Holy Scriptures as to be able by their own efforts rightly to instruct the people in the Catholic faith and other things necessary to salvation or to convert the erring."
Expansion of Protestantism.
Protestantism continued to expand in this period and became more distinct from those who wanted reform within the existing church. Originally organised as conventicles that consisted of members of a laird's family, or kin group and social networks, who continued to attend the Catholic Church, Protestants began to develop a series of privy kirks (secret churches), whose members increasingly turned away from existing church structures. Their organisation was sufficient in 1555 for Knox to return to Scotland. He administered a Protestant communion and carried out a preaching tour of the privy kirks. He urged the members to reject Nicodemism, by which they held Protestant convictions, but attended Catholic services. Despite being offered protection by the Earl of Argyll, he returned to Geneva in 1556. In the absence of a leading clerical figure, the leadership of the movement was taken by the few nobles who had embraced Protestantism and a new generation that included Argyll's son Lord Lorne, the illegitimate son of the late King James V, Lord James Stewart (later the Earl of Moray), and Lord John Erskine. In 1557 a "first bond" was signed by Argyll, Glencairn, Morton, Lorne, and Erskine, for mutual support against "Sathan and all wicked power that does intend tyranny and truble against the foresaid congregation." This group, which eventually became known as 'the Lords of the Congregation', was a direct challenge to the existing regime.
Reformation crisis (1559–1560).
On 1 January 1559 the anonymous "Beggars' Summons" was posted on the doors of friaries, threatening friars with eviction on the grounds that their property belonged to the genuine poor. This was calculated to appeal to the passions of the populace of towns who appeared to have particular complaints against friars. Knox returned to Scotland and preached at the church of St. John the Baptist's at Perth on 11 May on Christ cleansing the temple. The congregation responded by stripping the shrines, images and altars of the church and then sacked the local friaries and Carthusian house. The regent responded by sending troops to restore order and Glencairn led a force to defend the town's new Protestant status. A royal delegation, including Argyll and James Stuart persuaded the burgh to open its gates, but the heavy handed treatment by the regent's forces led to a breakdown in negotiations. Argyll and Stuart changed sides and the Lords of the Congregation now began raising their followers for an armed conflict.
A series of local reformations followed, with Protestant minorities gaining control of various regions and burghs, often with the support of local lairds and using intimidation, while avoiding the creation of Catholic martyrs, to carry out a "cleansing" of friaries and churches, followed by the appointment of Protestant preachers. Such reformations occurred in conservative Aberdeen and the ecclesiastical capital of St. Andrews together with other eastern ports. In June, Mary of Guise responded by dispatching a French army to St. Andrews to restore control, but it was halted by superior numbers at Cupar Muir and forced to retreat. Edinburgh fell to the Lords in July, and Mary moved her base to Dunbar. The arrival of French reinforcements of 1,800 men forced the Lords onto the defensive and they abandoned the capital.
The Lords appealed for help from England and Mary from France. English agents managed the safe return of Earl of Arran, the eldest son and heir of Chatelherault, allowing him to accept the leadership of the Lords. In October the regent was declared "suspended" and replaced by a "great council of the realm". Mary of Guise's forces continued to advance, once again threatening St. Andrews. The situation was transformed by the arrival of the English fleet in the Firth of Forth in January 1560, and the French retreated to the stronghold of Leith near Edinburgh. The English and the Lords agreed further support by the Treaty of Berwick in February 1560 and an English army crossed the border to lay siege to the French in Leith. Mary of Guise fell ill and died in June. With no sign of reinforcements, the French opened negotiations. Under the Treaty of Edinburgh (5 July 1560) both the French and English removed their troops from Scotland, leaving the Protestant Lords in control of the country. The Lords accepted Mary Queen of Scots and her husband, now Francis II of France, as monarchs and were given permission to hold a parliament, although it was not to touch the issue of religion.
Reformation Parliament.
The Parliament of Scotland met in Edinburgh 1 August 1560. Fourteen earls, six bishops, nineteen lords, twenty-one abbots, twenty-two burgh commissioners and over a hundred lairds, claimed the right to sit. Ignoring the provisions of the Treaty of Edinburgh, on 17 August, Parliament approved a Reformed Confession of Faith (the Scots Confession), and on 24 August it passed three Acts that abolished the old faith in Scotland. Under these, all previous acts not in conformity with the Reformed Confession were annulled. The sacraments were reduced to two (Baptism and Communion) to be performed by reformed preachers alone. The celebration of the Mass was made punishable by a series of penalties (ultimately death) and Papal jurisdiction in Scotland was repudiated. The Queen declined to endorse the acts that Parliament had passed and the new kirk existed in a state of legal uncertainty.
"First Book of Discipline".
The Lords had intended Parliament to consider a "Book of Reformation", which they had commissioned and was largely the work of Knox. They were unhappy with the document and established a committee of "six Johns", including Knox, John Winram, John Spottiswood, John Willock, John Douglas, and John Row, to produce a revised version. The result of the delay was that the document, known as the "First Book of Discipline", was considered not by the full Parliament, but only by a thinly attended convention of nobles and about 30 lairds in January 1561 and then only approved individually and not collectively. The "Book" proposed a programme of parish-based reformation that would use the resources of the old Church to pay for a network of ministers, a parish-based school system, university education and poor relief. This proposal for the use of church wealth was rejected. Instead, an Act of Council kept two-thirds of the Church's assets in the hands of its existing holders, while the remaining third was divided between the Crown and the reformist measures. The educational programme was abandoned, ministers remained poorly paid, and the Church was underfunded.
Post-Reformation church.
Confession of faith.
The "Scots Confession" was produced by Knox and five colleagues in four days. Its structure parallels that of the Apostles' Creed, with 25 chapters based around themes of the Father, Son, Church and Consummation. It remained the standard of the Kirk until it was replaced by the Westminster Confession, negotiated with English Parliamentary allies during the English Civil War and adopted by the Kirk in 1647. The Confession was strongly Calvinist in tone. It emphasised the "inscrutable providence" of God, who had determined all things. It stressed the extreme depravity of mankind, who deserved eternal damnation and the mercy of God in selecting a portion of humanity for salvation through grace alone. It denied transubstantiation, but retained the real presence in the Eucharist. It largely avoided negative emotive condemnations of Catholicism, focusing on setting out the new faith in simple language. It saw the Kirk as a "catholik" community of, "the elect of all nations, realms, nations, tongues, Jews and Gentiles". In 1581, as part of a reaction to the perceived threat of Catholicism, the court signed a "King's", or "Negative Confession", probably commissioned by James VI, that much more harshly denounced Catholicism.
Liturgy and worship.
The Reformation saw a complete transformation of religious observance. In the place of the many holy days and festivals of the Catholic Church and the occasional observance of the Mass, the single surviving holy day was Sunday and regular attendance and participation was required of the laity. Latin was abandoned in favour of the vernacular. Congregational psalm singing replaced the elaborate polyphony of trained choirs. An emphasis was put on the Bible and the sermon, which was often longer than an hour, although many parishes, which had no minister, would have had only a "readers service", of psalms, prayers and Bible readings. The Geneva Bible was widely adopted. Protestant preachers fleeing Marian persecutions in England had brought with them Edward VI's second Book of Common Prayer (of 1552), which was commended by the Lords of the Congregation. Knox initially supported it, but before leaving Geneva, and with the encouragement of Calvin, he had written his own "Book of Common Order" and it was this that was printed and approved by the General Assembly of 1562. Enlarged, it was reprinted with the Confession and the Psalms in metre in 1564, and it remained the standard until replaced with the Westminster Directory in 1643. A Gaelic translation of the "Book of Common Order" was produced in 1563, the first book printed in Gaelic, but there would be no Gaelic Bible until the 18th century.
Church polity.
The "First Book of Discipline" envisaged the establishment of reformed ministers in each of approximately 1,080 parishes. By the end of 1561, 240 of these places had been filled. By 1567 there were about 850 clergy and by 1574 there were just over 1,000. These were mainly concentrated in the south and east. In the Highlands there were shortages and very few spoke the Gaelic of the local population. The universities were unable supply sufficient trained ministers over a generation and many (over three-quarters in 1574) held the junior post of readers, rather than qualified ministers. The bulk of these were former Catholic clergy. The untidy system of thirteen medieval dioceses was to be replaced by ten more rational districts, each to be overseen by a superintendent. This plan was complicated by the conversion of three bishops to Protestantism, who were allowed to remain in their posts. Few superintendents were appointed and temporary commissioners were nominated to fill the gaps. In 1576, when the General Assembly considered the structure of the Kirk, it recognised five offices: archbishops, bishops, superintendents, commissioners, and visitors.
Beside these posts was a system of church courts of kirk sessions and presbyteries, which dealt with discipline and administration. Some local sessions had existed before 1560, moderators emerged in 1563, but the presbytery not until 1580. By the 1590s Scotland was organized into about 50 presbyteries with about 20 ministers in each. Above them stood a dozen or so synods and at the apex the general assembly. The system of kirk sessions gave considerable power within the new kirk to local lairds, who were able to take on the dignity and authority of an elder.
Continued reformation.
In the 1560s the majority of the population was probably still Catholic in persuasion, and the Kirk would find it difficult to penetrate the Highlands and Islands, but began a gradual process of conversion and consolidation that, compared with reformations elsewhere, was conducted with little persecution. The monasteries were not dissolved but allowed to die out with their monks, and before 1573 no holders of benefices were turned out, even for refusing to conform. The focus on the parish church as the centre of worship meant the abandonment of much of the complex religious provision of chapelries, monasteries and cathedrals, many of which were allowed to decay or, like the Cathedral at St Andrews, were mined for dressed stone to be used in local houses.
Second Reformation crisis (1567).
When her husband Francis II died in 1560, Mary, now 19, elected to return to Scotland to take up the government. She gained an agreement that she would be the only person to partake legally in Catholic services and did not attempt to re-impose Catholicism on her subjects, thus angering the chief Catholic nobles. Her six-year personal reign was marred by a series of crises, largely caused by the intrigues and rivalries of the leading nobles. The murder of her secretary, David Riccio, was followed by that of her unpopular second husband Lord Darnley, father of her infant son, and her abduction by, and marriage to, the Earl of Bothwell, who was implicated in Darnley's murder. Opposition to Bothwell led to the formation of a coalition of nobles, who styled themselves as the Confederate Lords. Michael Lynch describes the events of 1567 as "second Reformation crisis". Mary and Bothwell confronted the Lords at Carberry Hill on 15 June 1567, but their forces melted away. He fled and she was imprisoned in Lochleven Castle. Ten days after the confrontation at Carberry Hill, the General Assembly met in Edinburgh with the aim of rooting out "superstition and idolatry". The Reformation settlement of 1567 was much more firmly Calvinist than that of 1560. The Assembly set out a programme of reform that included the ratification of the legislation of 1560, better provision of the ministry, new resources and manpower for the parishes, a purge of the teachers in the universities and schools, and a closer relationship with parliament. A parliament was called in December, which allowed the acts passed by the Reformation Parliament to be ratified. The subsequent religious settlement would be worked out over the 1570s against a background of civil war and unstable regencies.
Reign of James VI (1567–1625).
In July 1567, Mary was forced to abdicate in favour of her 13-month-old son James VI. James was to be brought up a Protestant and the government was to be run by a series of regents, beginning with Moray, until James began to assert his independence in 1581. Mary eventually escaped and attempted to regain the throne by force. After her defeat at the Battle of Langside in May 1568, by forces loyal to the King's Party, led by Moray, she took refuge in England, leaving her son in their hands. In Scotland, the King's Party fought a civil war on behalf of the regency against Mary's supporters. This ended, after English intervention, with the surrender of Edinburgh Castle in May 1573. In 1578, a Second Book of Discipline was adopted, which was much more clearly Presbyterian in outlook.
In England, Mary became a focal point for Catholic conspirators and was eventually executed for treason in 1587 on the orders of her kinswoman Elizabeth I. James was Calvinist in doctrine, but strongly supported episcopacy and resisted the independence, or even right to interfere in government, of the Kirk, which became associated with the followers of Andrew Melville, known as the Melvillians. He used his powers to call the General Assembly where he wished, limiting the ability of more radical clergy to attend. He paid for moderate clergy to be present, negotiated with members, and manipulated its business in order to limit the independence of the Kirk. By 1600 he had appointed three parliamentary bishops. By the end of his reign there were 11 bishops and diocesan episcopacy had been restored, although there was still strong support for Presbyterianism within the Kirk.
Catholic survival.
Although officially illegal, Roman Catholicism survived in parts of Scotland. The hierarchy of the Church played a relatively small role and the initiative was left to lay leaders. Where nobles or local lairds offered protection it continued to thrive, as with Clanranald on South Uist, or in the north-east where the Earl of Huntly was the most important figure. In these areas Catholic sacraments and practices were maintained with relative openness. Members of the nobility were probably reluctant to pursue each other over matters of religion, because of strong personal and social ties. An English report in 1600 suggested that a third of nobles and gentry were still Catholic in inclination. In most of Scotland, except for the Outer Hebrides, Catholicism became an underground faith in private households, connected by ties of kinship. This reliance on the household meant that women often became important as the upholders and transmitters of the faith, such as in the case of Lady Fernihurst in the Borders. They transformed their households into centres of religious activity and offered places of safety for priests.
Because the Reformation took over the existing structures and assets of the Church, any attempted recovery by the Catholic hierarchy was extremely difficult. After the collapse of Mary's cause in the civil wars in the 1570s, and any hope of a national restoration of the old faith, the hierarchy began to treat Scotland as a mission area. The leading order of the Counter-Reformation, the newly founded Jesuits, initially took relatively little interest in Scotland as a target of missionary work. Their effectiveness was limited by rivalries between different orders at Rome. The initiative was taken by a small group of Scots connected with the Crichton family, who had supplied the bishops of Dunkeld. They joined the Jesuit order and returned to attempt conversions. Their focus was mainly on the court, which led them into involvement in a series of complex political plots and entanglements. The majority of surviving Scottish lay followers were largely ignored.
Impact.
Education.
The humanist concern with widening education was shared by the Protestant reformers, with a desire for a godly people replacing the aim of having educated citizens. The "First Book of Discipline" set out a plan for a school in every parish, but this proved financially impossible. In the burghs the old schools were maintained, with the song schools and a number of new foundations becoming reformed grammar schools or ordinary parish schools. Schools were supported by a combination of kirk funds, contributions from local heritors or burgh councils and parents that could pay. They were inspected by kirk sessions, who checked for the quality of teaching and doctrinal purity. There were also large number of unregulated "adventure schools", which sometimes fulfilled a local need and sometimes took pupils away from the official schools. Outside of the established burgh schools, masters often combined their positions with other employment, particularly minor posts within the Kirk, such as clerk. At their best, the curriculum included catechism, Latin, French, Classical literature and sports.
Scotland's universities underwent a series of reforms associated with Andrew Melville, who returned from Geneva to become principal of the University of Glasgow in 1574. A distinguished linguist, philosopher and poet, he had trained in Paris and studied law at Poitiers, before moving to Geneva and developing an interest in Protestant theology. Influenced by the anti-Aristotelian Petrus Ramus, he placed an emphasis on simplified logic and elevated languages and sciences to the same status as philosophy, allowing accepted ideas in all areas to be challenged. He introduced new specialist teaching staff, replacing the system of "regenting", where one tutor took the students through the entire arts curriculum. Metaphysics were abandoned and Greek became compulsory in the first year, followed by Aramaic, Syriac and Hebrew, launching a new fashion for ancient and biblical languages. Glasgow had probably been declining as a university before his arrival, but students now began to arrive in large numbers. He assisted in the reconstruction of Marischal College, Aberdeen, and to do for St Andrews what he had done for Glasgow, he was appointed Principal of St Mary's College, St Andrews, in 1580. The University of Edinburgh developed out of public lectures that were established in the town in the 1540s on law, Greek, Latin and philosophy, under the patronage of Mary of Guise. The "Tounis College" become the University of Edinburgh in 1582. The results of these changes were a revitalisation of all Scottish universities, which were now producing a quality of education the equal of that offered anywhere in Europe.
Literature.
Medieval Scotland probably had its own Mystery plays, often performed by craft guilds, like one described as "" and staged at Aberdeen in 1440 and 1445 and which was probably connected with the feast of Corpus Christi, but no texts are extant. Legislation was enacted against folk plays in 1555, and against liturgical plays ("clerk-plays or comedies based on the canonical scriptures") in 1575 by the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland. Attempts to ban folk plays were more leniently applied and less successful than once assumed. They continued into the 17th century, with parishioners in Aberdeen reproved for parading and dancing in the street with bells at weddings and Yule in 1605, Robin Hood and May plays at Kelso in 1611 and Yuletide guising at Perth in 1634. The Kirk also allowed some plays, particularly in schools, when they served their own ends for education, as in the comedy about the Prodigal Son permitted at St. Andrews in 1574.
More formal plays included those of James Wedderburn, who wrote anti-Catholic tragedies and comedies in Scots around 1540, before he was forced to flee into exile. These included the "Beheading of Johne the Baptist" and the "Historie of Dyonisius the Tyraonne", which were performed at Dundee.David Lyndsay (c. 1486 –1555), diplomat and the head of the Lyon Court, was a prolific poet and dramatist. He produced an interlude at Linlithgow Palace for the king and queen thought to be a version of his play "The Thrie Estaitis" in 1540, which satirised the corruption of church and state, and which is the only complete play to survive from before the Reformation. George Buchanan (1506–1582) was major influence on Continental theatre with plays such as "Jepheths" and "Baptistes", which influenced Pierre Corneille and Jean Racine and through them the neo-classical tradition in French drama, but his impact in Scotland was limited by his choice of Latin as a medium. The anonymous "The Maner of the Cyring of ane Play" (before 1568) and "Philotus" (published in London in 1603), are isolated examples of surviving plays. The later is a vernacular Scots comedy of errors, probably designed for court performance for Mary, Queen of Scots or James VI. The same system of professional companies of players and theatres that developed in England in this period was absent in Scotland, but James VI signalled his interest in drama by arranging for a company of English players to erect a playhouse and perform in 1599.
The Kirk also discouraged poetry that was not devotional in nature. Nevertheless, poets from this period included Richard Maitland of Lethington (1496–1586), who produced meditative and satirical verses; John Rolland (fl. 1530–1575), who wrote allegorical satires and courtier and minister Alexander Hume (c. 1556 –1609), whose corpus of work includes nature poetry and epistolary verse. Alexander Scott's (?1520–82/3) use of short verse designed to be sung to music, opened the way for the Castalian poets of James VI's adult reign.
Art.
Scotland's ecclesiastical art paid a heavy toll as a result of Reformation iconoclasm, with the almost total loss of medieval stained glass and religious sculpture and paintings. The only significant surviving pre-Reformation stained glass in Scotland is a window of four roundels in the Magdalen Chapel of Cowgate, Edinburgh, completed in 1544. Wood carving can be seen at King's College, Aberdeen and Dunblane Cathedral. In the West Highlands, where there had been a hereditary caste of monumental sculptors, the uncertainty and loss of patronage caused by the rejection of monuments in the Reformation meant that they moved into other branches of the Gaelic learned orders or took up other occupations. The lack of transfer of carving skills is noticeable in the decline in quality when gravestones were next commissioned from the start of the 17th century.
According to N. Prior, the nature of the Scottish Reformation may have had wider effects, limiting the creation of a culture of public display and meaning that art was channelled into more austere forms of expression with an emphasis on private and domestic restraint. The loss of ecclesiastical patronage that resulted from the Reformation, meant that native craftsmen and artists turned to secular patrons. One result of this was the flourishing of Scottish Renaissance painted ceilings and walls, with large numbers of private houses of burgesses, lairds and lords gaining often highly detailed and coloured patterns and scenes, of which over 100 examples survive. These were undertaken by unnamed Scottish artists using continental pattern books that often led to the incorporation of humanist moral and philosophical symbolism, with elements that call on heraldry, piety, classical myths and allegory. The earliest surviving example is at the Hamilton palace of Kinneil, West Lothian, decorated in the 1550s for the then regent the James Hamilton, Earl of Arran. Other examples include the ceiling at Prestongrange House, undertaken in 1581 for Mark Kerr, Commendator of Newbattle, and the long gallery at Pinkie House, painted for Alexander Seaton, Earl of Dunfermline in 1621.
Architecture.
The Reformation revolutionised church architecture in Scotland. Calvinists rejected ornamentation in places of worship, seeing no need for elaborate buildings divided up for the purpose of ritual. This resulted in the widespread destruction of Medieval church furnishings, ornaments and decoration. New churches were built and existing churches adapted for reformed services, particularly by placing the pulpit centrally in the church, as preaching was at the centre of worship. Many of the earliest buildings were simple gabled rectangles, a style that continued into the 17th century, as at Dunnottar Castle in the 1580s, Greenock's Old West Kirk (1591) and Durness (1619). These churches often have windows on the south wall (and none on the north), which became a characteristic of Reformation kirks. There were continuities with pre-Reformation materials, with some churches using rubble for walls, as at Kemback in Fife (1582). Others employed dressed stone and a few added wooden steeples, as at Burntisland (1592). The church of Greyfriars, Edinburgh, built between 1602 and 1620, used a rectangular layout with a largely Gothic form, but that at Dirleton (1612), had a more sophisticated classical style. A variation of the rectangular church developed in post-Reformation Scotland, and often used when adapting existing churches, was the T-shaped plan, which allowed the maximum number of parishioners to be near the pulpit. Examples can be seen at Kemback and Prestonpans after 1595. This plan continued to be used into the 17th century as at Weem (1600), Anstruther Easter, Fife (1634–1644) and New Cumnock, Ayreshire (1657). In the 17th century a Greek cross plan was used for churches such as Cawdor (1619) and Fenwick (1643). In most of these cases one arm of the cross would have been closed off as a laird's aisle, meaning that they were in effect T-plan churches.
Music.
The Reformation had a severe impact on church music. The song schools of the abbeys, cathedrals and collegiate churches were closed down, choirs disbanded, music books and manuscripts destroyed and organs removed from churches. The Lutheranism that influenced the early Scottish Reformation attempted to accommodate Catholic musical traditions into worship, drawing on Latin hymns and vernacular songs. The most important product of this tradition in Scotland was "The Gude and Godlie Ballatis" (1567), which were spiritual satires on popular ballads that have been commonly attributed to brothers James, John and Robert Wedderburn. Never adopted by the Kirk, they nevertheless remained popular and were reprinted from the 1540s to the 1620s.
Later the Calvinism that came to dominate the Scottish Reformation was much more hostile to Catholic musical tradition and popular music, placing an emphasis on what was biblical, which meant the Psalms. The Scottish Psalter of 1564 was commissioned by the Assembly of the Church. It drew on the work of French musician Clément Marot, Calvin's contributions to the Strasbourg Psalter of 1539 and English writers, particularly the 1561 edition of the Psalter produced by William Whittingham for the English congregation in Geneva. The intention was to produce individual tunes for each psalm, but of 150 psalms, 105 had proper tunes and in the 17th century, common tunes, which could be used for psalms with the same metre, became more frequent. Because entire congregations would now sing these psalms, unlike the trained choirs who had sung the many parts of polyphonic hymns, there was a need for simplicity and most church compositions were confined to homophonic settings.
During his personal reign, James VI attempted to revive the song schools, with an act of parliament passed in 1579, demanding that councils of the largest burghs set up "ane sang scuill with ane maister sufficient and able for insturctioun of the yowth in the said science of musik". Five new schools were opened within four years of the act coming into force, and by 1633 there were at least 25. Most of those burghs without song schools made provision within their grammar schools. Polyphony was incorporated into editions of the Psalter from 1625, but in the few locations where these settings were used, the congregation sang the melody and trained singers the contra-tenor, treble and bass parts. The triumph of the Presbyterians in the National Covenant of 1638 led to an end of polyphony, and a new psalter in common metre, without tunes, was published in 1650. In 1666 "The Twelve Tunes for the Church of Scotland, composed in Four Parts" (which actually contained 14 tunes), designed for use with the 1650 Psalter, was first published in Aberdeen. It would go through five editions by 1720. By the late seventeenth century these two works had become the basic corpus of the psalmody sung in the Kirk.
Women.
Early modern Scotland was a patriarchal society, in which men had total authority over women. From the 1560s the post-Reformation marriage service underlined this by stating that a wife "is in subjection and under governance of her husband, so long as they both continue alive". In politics the theory of patriarchy was complicated by regencies led by Margaret Tudor and Mary of Guise and by the advent of a regnant queen in Mary, Queen of Scots from 1561. Concerns over this threat to male authority were exemplified by John Knox's "The First Blast of the Trumpet Against the Monstruous Regiment of Women" (1558), which advocated the deposition of all reigning queens. Most of the political nation took a pragmatic view of the situation, accepting Mary as queen, but the strains that this paradox created may have played a part in the later difficulties of the reign.
Before the Reformation, the extensive marriage bars for kinship meant that most noble marriages necessitated a papal dispensation, which could later be used as grounds for annulment if the marriage proved politically or personally inconvenient, although there was no divorce as such. Separation from bed and board was allowed in exceptional circumstances, usually adultery. Under the reformed Kirk, divorce was allowed on grounds of adultery or desertion. Scotland was one of the first countries to allow desertion as legal grounds for divorce and, unlike England, divorce cases were initiated relatively far down the social scale.
After the Reformation the contest between the widespread belief in the limited intellectual and moral capacity of women and the desire for women to take personal moral responsibility, particularly as wives and mothers, intensified. In Protestantism this necessitated an ability to learn and understand the catechism and even to be able to independently read the Bible. Most commentators, even those that tended to encourage the education of girls, thought they should not receive the same academic education as boys. In the lower ranks of society, women benefited from the expansion of the parish schools system that took place after the Reformation, but were usually outnumbered by boys, often taught separately, for a shorter time and to a lower level. They were frequently taught reading, sewing and knitting but not writing. Female illiteracy rates based on signatures among female servants were around 90% from the late 17th to the early 18th centuries, and perhaps 85% for women of all ranks by 1750, compared with 35% for men. Among the nobility there were many educated and cultured women, of which Queen Mary is the most obvious example.
Church attendance played an important part in the lives of many women. Women were largely excluded from the administration of the Kirk, but when heads of households voted on the appointment of a new minister, some parishes allowed women in that position to participate. In the post-Reformation period there was a criminalisation of women. Women were disciplined in kirk sessions and civil courts for stereotypical offences including scolding and prostitution, which were seen as deviant, rather than criminal. These changing attitudes may partly explain the witch hunts that occurred after the Reformation and in which women were the largest group of victims.
Popular religion.
Scottish Protestantism was focused on the Bible, which was seen as infallible and the major source of moral authority. Many Bibles were large, illustrated and highly valuable objects. The Genevan translation was commonly used until in 1611 the Kirk adopted the Authorised King James Version and the first Scots version was printed in Scotland in 1633, but the Geneva Bible continued to be employed into the 17th century. Bibles often became the subject of superstitions, being used in divination. Kirk discipline was fundamental to Reformed Protestantism and it probably reached a high-water mark in the 17th century. Kirk sessions were able to apply religious sanctions, such as excommunication and denial of baptism, to enforce godly behaviour and obedience. In more difficult cases of immoral behaviour they could work with the local magistrate, in a system modelled on that employed in Geneva. Public occasions were treated with mistrust and from the later 17th century there were efforts by kirk sessions to stamp out activities such as well-dressing, bonfires, guising, penny weddings, and dancing.
In the late Middle Ages there were a handful of prosecutions for harm done through witchcraft, but the passing of the Witchcraft Act 1563 made witchcraft, or consulting with witches, capital crimes. The first major series of trials under the new act were the North Berwick witch trials, beginning in 1589, in which James VI played a major part as "victim" and investigator. He became interested in witchcraft and published a defence of witch-hunting in the "Daemonologie" in 1597, but he appears to have become increasingly sceptical and eventually took steps to limit prosecutions. An estimated 4,000 to 6,000 people, mostly from the Scottish Lowlands, were tried for witchcraft in this period, a much higher rate than for neighbouring England. There were major series of trials in 1590–1591, 1597, 1628–1631, 1649–1650 and 1661–1662. Seventy-five per cent of the accused were women and modern estimates indicate that over 1,500 people were executed.
National identity.
The Kirk that developed after 1560 came to represent all of Scotland. It became the subject of national pride, and was often compared with the less clearly reformed church in neighbouring England. Jane Dawson suggests that the loss of national standing in the contest for dominance of Britain between England and France suffered by the Scots, may have led them to stress their religious achievements. A theology developed that saw the kingdom as in a covenant relationship with God. Many Scots saw their country as a new Israel and themselves as a holy people engaged in a struggle between the forces of Christ and Antichrist, the latter being identified with the resurgent papacy and the Roman Catholic Church. This view was reinforced by events elsewhere that demonstrated that Reformed religion was under threat, such as the 1572 Massacre of St Bartholomew in France and the Spanish Armada in 1588. These views were popularised through the first Protestant histories, such as Knox's "History of the Reformation" and George Buchanan's "Rerum Scoticarum Historia". This period also saw a growth of a patriotic literature facilitated by the rise of popular printing. Published editions of medieval poetry by John Barbour and Robert Henryson and the plays of David Lyndsay all gained a new audience.

</doc>
<doc id="6987582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987582" title="The electric picnic">
The electric picnic



</doc>
<doc id="6987585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987585" title="Uemura, Kenichi">
Uemura, Kenichi



</doc>
<doc id="6987588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987588" title="Julio Abbadie">
Julio Abbadie

Julio César Abbadie Gismero (7 September 1930 – 16 July 2014) was a Uruguayan footballer who played as a forward. During his career, he played for Peñarol, where he won the 1966 Copa Libertadores and the 1966 Intercontinental Cup. He was born in Uruguay to a French father and a Spanish mother.
Club career.
Born in Montevideo, Abbadie also played in Italy (from 1956 to 1962) with Genoa and Lecco. In total, he played Serie A 140 matches and scored 31 goals. On 21 December 2004 he returned after 54 years to Genova, at Stadio Luigi Ferraris, during Serie B match against Empoli.
International career.
For the Uruguay national team, Abbadie obtained 26 caps between 1952 and 1966, scoring 14 goals. He participated in the 1954 FIFA World Cup and scored two goals in a group match against Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="6987589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987589" title="Takashi Shimoda">
Takashi Shimoda

 is a former Japanese football player. He currently works as the goalkeeper coach for the Japan national team.
Club career.
Shimoda was born in Hiroshima on 28 November 1975. After graduating from high school, he joined Sanfrecce Hiroshima in 1994. He did not play many matches until the mid 1990s, as he was behind Kazuya Maekawa and Kazumasa Kawano. Kawano left the club in 1997 and Maekawa was injured in 1998; Shimoda then became a regular goalkeeper in 1998. Although he played as the regular goalkeeper until 2007, he sustained a knee injury that same year. He did not play from 2008 and retired at the end of the 2010 season.
National team career.
In April 1995, Shimoda was selected to the Japan U-20 national team for the 1995 World Youth Championship. He played two matches including the quarterfinal. In July 1996, he was also selected to the Japan U-23 national team for the 1996 Summer Olympics. However he did not play in any matches behind Yoshikatsu Kawaguchi. Although Japan won two matches, Japan exited in the first round. At this time, Japan beat Brazil in the first game. It was known as the "Miracle of Miami" () in Japan.
On 31 March 1999, Shimoda debuted for the Japan national team against Brazil. He was also selected by Japan for the 2000 Asian Cup. Although he did not play in any matches, Japan won the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="6987592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987592" title="Jeanne Zaidel-Rudolph">
Jeanne Zaidel-Rudolph

Jeanne Zaidel-Rudolph (born 9 July 1948) is a South African composer, pianist and teacher. She was the first woman in South Africa to obtain a doctorate in composition. She arranged the composition of the South African national anthem and also wrote its final verse.
Education.
Zaidel-Rudolph was born in Transvaal, South Africa, and began playing the piano at age five. She studied at the University of Pretoria under Stefans Grové and others. She went on to study at the Royal College of Music in London, where she received tuition in composition from John Lambert and Tristram Carey. After meeting György Ligeti she was invited to join his class in Hamburg. Ligeti's use of contrapuntal devices and tone colour proved a major influence.
Zaidel-Rudolph also specialised in piano performance; her teachers included Goldie Zaidel, Philip Levy and Adolph Hallis in South Africa, and John Lill in London. Zaidel-Rudolph returned to South Africa and became the first woman in the country to obtain a Doctorate in Composition, in 1979 at the University of Pretoria under Stefans Grové.
Career.
In 1988, the first complete commercial recording of the works of a South African art music composer featured her music on an EMI album. She was commissioned to write a work (Oratorio for Human Rights) for the Atlanta Olympics in 1996. In 1995, she arranged a composite version of South Africa's erstwhile and new national anthems at the request of President Nelson Mandela. She also composed a song ("He walked to Freedom") for his honorary doctorate ceremony in 1997. In 2000, 2002, and 2003, she participated in the show "Celebration" in Canada, the US and the UK for which she composed, conducted and orchestrated the music.
Zaidel-Rudolph's compositional output covers most musical genres, ranging from the large scale symphony to chamber, choral, ballet, rock opera, film and solo instrumental music. Her works are regularly performed in Africa, Europe and the Americas.
Zaidel-Rudolph has also made a tremendous contribution to Jewish music in Johannesburg. In 2013, she wrote the Jewish-themed "Hebrotica", a work for marimba solo, dedicated to and premiered by klezmer virtuoso Alex Jacobowitz in Johannesburg.
She is closely associated with the Sydenham-Highlands North Hebrew Congregation, whose male choir has released many compositions written by Zaidel-Rudolph. "Her style reflects both the inspiration of religious mysticism and the richness of a transcultural approach which merges African and Western musical elements."
Zaidel-Rudolph has been working at the School of Music of the University of the Witwatersrand since 1975, where she is a Professor of Composition.

</doc>
<doc id="6987595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987595" title="Aaron Redmond">
Aaron Redmond

Aaron James Redmond (born 23 September 1979) is a former New Zealand international cricketer. He was a member of the Otago cricket team for ten seasons, having previously played for Canterbury. Redmond played as a right-handed batsman. He made eight Test match, six One Day International and seven Twenty20 International appearances for the New Zealand national cricket team between 2008 and 2013.
Early life and family.
Redmond was born at Auckland in 1979 and brought up in Australia where he attended Kent Street Senior High School in Perth. He played cricket for Western Australia under-19s whilst at school. His father, Rodney Redmond, played international cricket for New Zealand in the 1970s and was the "New Zealand Cricket Almanack" player of the year in 1973.
Redmond met his wife whilst playing club cricket for Wigan Cricket Club in England. After his retirement, the family moved back to England full-time, with Redmond working as an accountant as well as coaching and playing for Wigan.
Domestic career.
Redmond originally joined Canterbury as a leg spinner in 1999, but converted to become a top-order batsman after moving to Otago ahead of the 2004–05 season. He played 55 senior matches for Canterbury and over 200 for Otago, scoring centuries for the side in first-class, List A and Twenty20 cricket. Described as "solid rather than spectacular", he scored over 7,000 first-class runs, including 15 centuries. He retired as the sixth highest run scorer for Otago in first-class cricket, with 4,795 runs at an average of 39.30 runs per innings. he scored 11 centuries for the province, including
International career.
After a successful domestic career, he was called up to the full international squad for the tour of England in 2008, where he made his mark with a career best score of 146 against the England Lions, beating his previous best of 135. He made his Test debut on 15 May 2008 at Lord's, but was out for a duck off the bowling of James Anderson. Overall the three-match Test series against England was a disappointment for Redmond, making a total of just 54 runs at an average of 9.00.
Redmond was dropped for the two-Test series against West Indies in December 2008. The move came after New Zealand lost a two-Test series to Australia 2–0, in which Redmond scored 115 runs at an average of 28.75. Former New Zealand cricket captain, Martin Crowe stated that he did not believe that Redmond was good enough to play Test cricket, but conceded that his first year in Test cricket―in which he averaged 23.00 in seven matches―had been a difficult one. In December 2013 he was recalled into the Test side in the home series against the West Indies, playing in the first Test at Dunedin.
As well as his eight Test match appearances, Redmond played One Day International and Twenty20 International cricket, making 13 one-day appearances for New Zealand, all during 2009 and 2010. He retired from cricket at the end of the 2014–15 season.

</doc>
<doc id="6987596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987596" title="Julio César Abbadie">
Julio César Abbadie



</doc>
<doc id="6987598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987598" title="How To Kill &amp; Be Killed">
How To Kill &amp; Be Killed



</doc>
<doc id="6987599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987599" title="Kecerovský Lipovec">
Kecerovský Lipovec

Kecerovský Lipovec (; ) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records, the village was first mentioned in 1229.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 350 metres and covers an area of 15.67 km².
It has a population of about 110 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6987600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987600" title="Hideto Suzuki">
Hideto Suzuki

 is a former Japanese football player and manager. He played for Japan national team.
Club career.
Suzuki was born in Hamamatsu on 7 October 1974. After graduating from high school, he joined Japan Football League club Yamaha Motors (later "Júbilo Iwata") in 1993. Although he did not play in the match, the club won the 2nd place in 1993 and was promoted to J1 League. He debuted in 1995 and he became a regular player. He was a central player in golden era in club history. The club won the champions at J1 League 3 times (1999, 1999, 2002). The club also won 1998 J.League Cup and 2003 Emperor's Cup. In Asia, the club won the champions at 1998–99 Asian Club Championship and 2nd place at 1999–00 and 2000–01 Asian Club Championship. From the late 2000s, his opportunity to play decreased. He retired end of 2009 season. He played 328 games and scored 9 goals in the league.
National team career.
In July 1996, Suzuki was selected Japan U-23 national team for 1996 Summer Olympics and he played all 3 matches. Although Japan won 2 matches, Japan lost at First round. At this time, Japan won Brazil in first game. It was known as "Miracle of Miami" () in Japan.
In June 1997, Suzuki was selected Japan national team for 1998 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, on 28 June, he debuted against Oman. He was also selected Japan for 1999 Copa América, but he did not play in the match.
Coaching career.
After retirement, Suzuki started coaching career at Júbilo Iwata in 2010. He served as a coach for youth team from 2010. In 2014, he became an assistant coach for top team. On 1 July 2019, he became a manager for top team as Hiroshi Nanami successor. However he resigned for health reasons on 15 August.

</doc>
<doc id="6987601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987601" title="Kecerovsky Lipovec">
Kecerovsky Lipovec



</doc>
<doc id="6987603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987603" title="Magic Mountain, Idaho">
Magic Mountain, Idaho



</doc>
<doc id="6987606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987606" title="How to Kill and Be Killed">
How to Kill and Be Killed

How to Kill and Be Killed (2005) is a live concert DVD from singer-songwriter Derek Webb. The full-band show was recorded at the Nashville performance space Rocketown, at the release party for his second solo studio album, "I See Things Upside Down".
Title.
The title, "How to Kill and Be Killed," comes from a line in Webb's song "Lover Part 2":
Webb remarked on the theme and meaning behind the phrase, "I've found that often success looks more like failure, riches more like poverty and real life often feels more like death. The Christian life is very literally the process by which we are killed."
Special features.
The special features on the DVD include a photo gallery of the concert, and an extended multi-part interview with Webb. Much of what he says foreshadows the message of his follow-up album, 2005's "Mockingbird", addressing topics such as politics and religion, the nature of Christian art, and the role the artist plays in society.

</doc>
<doc id="6987608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987608" title="Petko Stainov">
Petko Stainov



</doc>
<doc id="6987610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987610" title="Kokšov-Bakša">
Kokšov-Bakša

Kokšov-Bakša () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
Historically, the village was first mentioned in 1262.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of and covers an area of . It has a population of about 1050 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6987612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987612" title="Koksov Baksa">
Koksov Baksa



</doc>
<doc id="6987614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987614" title="Bronze Polar Medal">
Bronze Polar Medal



</doc>
<doc id="6987618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987618" title="Masakiyo Maezono">
Masakiyo Maezono

 is a former Japanese football player. He played for the Japan national team.
Club career.
Maezono was born in Satsumasendai on 29 October 1973. After graduating from high school, he joined Yokohama Flügels in 1992. He debuted in June 1993 and he became a regular player after his debut. The club won the 1993 Emperor's Cup, their first major title. In Asia, the club also won the 1994–95 Asian Cup Winners' Cup, their first Asian title. In 1997, he moved to Verdy Kawasaki (later "Tokyo Verdy"). In October 1998, he moved to Brazil and played for Santos (1998) and Goiás (1999). In 2000, he returned to Japan and joined J2 League club Shonan Bellmare. In 2001, he returned to Tokyo Verdy. In 2003, he moved to South Korea and played for Anyang LG Cheetahs (2003) and Incheon United (2004). He announced his retirement in May 2005.
International career.
On 22 May 1994, Maezono debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. He also played at the 1994 Asian Games.
From 1995, Maezono prioritized the Japan U-23 national team. He played as captain for U-23 Japan. In the 1996 Summer Olympics Qualifiers Japan qualified for the 1996 Summer Olympics for the first time in 28 years since the 1968 Summer Olympics where Japan won the bronze medal. At the 1996 Olympics, although Japan won 2 matches, they exited in the first round. At the Olympics Japan beat Brazil in the first game. It was known as the "Miracle of Miami" () in Japan. He played 3 games at the Olympics and scored 2 goals against Hungary.
After the 1996 Summer Olympics, in August 1996, Maezono was selected by the Japan senior team for the first time in years. On 25 August, he played and scored a goal against Uruguay. This goal was his first goal for Japan. In December, he played at the 1996 Asian Cup. He played 19 games and scored 4 goals for Japan until 1997.
Beach Soccer career.
After retirement, Maezono was selected by the Japan national beach soccer team by manager Ruy Ramos who was his teammate at Verdy Kawasaki. Japan won the championship at the 2009 AFC Beach Soccer Championship and participated in the 2009 Beach Soccer World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="6987621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987621" title="How to kill and be killed">
How to kill and be killed



</doc>
<doc id="6987624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987624" title="Komárovce">
Komárovce

Komárovce () () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
Historically, the village was first mentioned in 1402.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 205 metres and covers an area of 8.497 km².
It has a population of about 385 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6987629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987629" title="Westinghouse Playhouse">
Westinghouse Playhouse

Westinghouse Playhouse is an American sitcom that aired from January to July 1961 on NBC. Starring Nanette Fabray, the series was also known as The Nanette Fabray Show and Westinghouse Playhouse Starring Nanette Fabray and Wendell Corey, and it ran under the title Yes, Yes Nanette in syndication.
Overview.
The series stars Nanette Fabray, who plays Nan, a successful Broadway star who, after a short courtship, marries Dan McGovern (Wendell Corey), a widower. On their way back to his home in Hollywood Nan learns her new husband has not informed his two children that he was getting married. Nan is then confronted with his two rude children, Buddy (Bobby Diamond) and Nancy (Jacklyn O'Donnell). The following episodes would deal with her troubles and tribulations of dealing with the kids and the housekeeper, Mrs. Harper (Doris Kemper).
The series was canceled after one season.

</doc>
<doc id="6987630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987630" title="Komarovce">
Komarovce



</doc>
<doc id="6987633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987633" title="My Shell">
My Shell



</doc>
<doc id="6987651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987651" title="Košická Belá">
Košická Belá

Košická Belá (1297 "flimen Bela", 1397 "villa Johannis", 1440 "Janussffalwa", 1580 "Hansdorff", 1650 "Bela") (; ) is a village and large municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
Historically, the first written mention of the village was in 1297 as Villa Johannis when German settlers came here. To the municipality also belonged the villages of Košické Hámre, Malý Folkmar and Ružín, which were flooded when the water reservoir Ružín was filled in 1969.
The name of the village is derived from the stream Belá that flows through it.
Geography.
The village lies in the eastern Slovak Ore Mountains at an altitude of 380 metres and covers an area of 39.575 km2.
It has a population of 982 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Levoca, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6987653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987653" title="J &amp; G Thomson">
J &amp; G Thomson



</doc>
<doc id="6987656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987656" title="Macklin">
Macklin

Macklin or MacKlin may refer to:
People with the surname Macklin or MacKlin:
People with the given name Macklin (or a variant):

</doc>
<doc id="6987657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987657" title="Kosicka Bela">
Kosicka Bela



</doc>
<doc id="6987664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987664" title="J&amp;G Thomson">
J&amp;G Thomson



</doc>
<doc id="6987671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987671" title="John McMillan (New Brunswick politician)">
John McMillan (New Brunswick politician)

John McMillan (August 4, 1816 – September 12, 1886) was a New Brunswick businessman and political figure. He represented Restigouche in the House of Commons of Canada as a Liberal member from 1867 to 1868.
He was born on the Isle of Arran, Scotland in 1816 and came to New Brunswick with his father in 1832. McMillan worked at the timber trade and later with a partner established a lumber firm and a general store at Campbellton. He was named a justice of the peace in 1845. In 1857, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick for Restigouche County; he was reelected in 1861, 1865 and 1866. McMillan was Surveyor General from 1861 to 1865. He served as postmaster general for New Brunswick from 1866 until Confederation. He was elected to the House of Commons in 1867 but resigned in 1868 to become Inspector of Post Offices for the province.
He died in Saint John, New Brunswick in 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="6987673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987673" title="Kae and Longopoa">
Kae and Longopoa

The story cycle around Kae and Sinilau is well known in Polynesian mythology, found in several places (see notes). This article describes the Tongan version, of which the main source is an old poem (Ko e folau ʻa Kae – The voyage of Kae) published in 1876, and some other, incomplete manuscripts.
The third player Longopoa in this respect is an outsider.
Loau.
It starts with Loau from Haamea, one of the many Loau known in Tongan history. Haamea may be the place of his "lepa" in central Tongatapu, or it may be an alternative name for Samoa (Haamoa in Tongan). He ran a famous navigation school on an artificial lake ("lepa") near Fualu. Loau's boat was either a tongiaki (an old sailing boat of Tongan design) or a kalia (a better, more modern design originating from Fiji).
One day Loau got tired of people taunting him all the time about when he would go for a real trip. So he had his big canoe dragged to the sea and told his "matāpule" (chief attendants) Kae and Longopoa, to accompany him to some nearby islands. So they went. But when they passed Haapai, Loau told them to 'sail on past the shore'. The same thing happened at Vavau and then Niuatoputapu, and then Samoa, and then Niuafoou, and then Uvea, and then Futuna. No one realised that Loau had already decided from the beginning to go beyond the horizon and not to return. He wanted to go to the land of the talking "puko" trees, probably Pulotu.
The ship steered on downwards (i.e. south or west in Tongan navigation sense). They came to a white sea; they came to a floating pumice sea; they came to a slimy sea. Eventually they reached the horizon at the end of the sky. There, there is a hole in the sky and a great whirlpool in the ocean, where the waters go in when there is an ebb tide in Tonga, and the waters come out at flood tide. There was also a reef with a pandanus tree and a large rock. The mast of the ship got stuck in the branches of the tree and had to be freed. This was done with a push, and that push caused the ship either to disappear in the whirlpool or through the opening in the sky, lost in space, never to be seen again.
Kae and Longopoa did not await this happening. They had agreed to desert this foolish trip and they made it back to the reef, Kae clinging to the tree, and Longopoa to the rock.
Kae.
When it got dark and the flood current came out again, Kae suggested Longopoa that they should find a way to escape from the island, every man for himself. He plunged in the sea and swam away. At midnight he landed on a sandy island; (other sources say many days later). He saw eight dead whales on the shore and hundreds of "neiufi" fish, or (according to other sources) fewer whales and 2 huge man-eating sharks, luckily also dead. It was the lair of the kanivatu, a giant bird (like the roc), which was known to be a man eater too. Kae wisely hid for the night between two of the whales. The bird returned to its nest in the morning. While it was preening its feathers, Kae emerged and clung to one of its legs (or the feathers of its breast according to some, or of its wing according to some). At midday the bird flew away over the ocean, with his passenger, and when Kae saw they were over land, he let go. The place where he landed was on the coral sand beach of Akana (Aana in Samoan), the western part of Upolu. He was friendlily received by the high chief of the area, Sinilau, who gave him status, more than he ever had gotten in Tonga, but not enough to enter the kava circle. So Kae stayed in Samoa for some time. But then he was seized by a longing for Tonga to tell about all the wonderful things he had seen, and he announced to Sinilau that he wanted to go. Sinilau agreed and presented him with a farewell gift. He would be allowed to ride on the back of Sinilau's twin whales.
Tonga and Tununga.
Sinilau's aunt had a daughter who one day ate a piece of whalemeat, which was left over in the house. She got pregnant and bore a twin, who were named Tonga and Tununga-tofuaa ("tofuaa": whale). They were whales. Sinilau spoke: "Go well Kae, just tell the whales whereto to go. But leave them in deep water at the coast. And when you have reached your home, before you go to your relatives, prepare a bunch of coconuts, scented oil, some unpainted tapa and a floormat, give it to them to return to me." This was a very modest request, and Kae agreed.
Kae had the trip of his life. Too soon he was back at Tongatapu, at Poloa, where the tidal flats start, and it was just low tide. He left the whales in shallow water and sped to Haamea. He told his relatives what had happened, and then shouted out to all his friends from Fatai and Matafonua and Lakepa and so on, that they came with knives and spears and axes to slaughter those whales on the beach. Tununga was killed, cut in pieces, the meat was distributed to all the chiefs of the different districts, and eaten by the people of the whole island. But Tonga was able to escape. A depression in the middle of the tidal flats, a fishing pool is still visible as a result of its struggle to get away.
Sinilau's revenge.
Sinilau was extremely displeased about Kae's behaviour, when Tonga told him what had happened, after he had arrived at Akana; with his back full of spears, and without the promised items. Sinilau called all the gods of Samoa to a council and ordered them to assemble at both Hunga Haapai and Hunga Tonga. There they would have to cut coconut tree leaves to plait some baskets out of it. "Then tonight go around", Sinilau said, "and collect the dung of all the people who partook in the meal. From Muifonua to Eua to Fangaleounga to Hihifo to Nāpua. Finally put Kae on top of the shit and bring everything back to me." So it was done, and Kae was brought into Sinilau's boatshed, he did not even wake up.
As dawn was approaching, a rooster crowed. "That stupid rooster", Kae mumbled half asleep, "he crows like Sinilau's rooster. At daylight I shall kill it and eat it." He thought he was still at home on Tongatapu. But when daylight had come he saw that he was there no longer but in a certain boatshed in Samoa. And a stern Sinilau with a royal turban on his head sat at the entrance. Kae had nothing to say.
Sinilau threw him out, to the waiting gods, who fell on him and ate him. Although others say that Sinialu threw him in a pre-dug grave, noting that Kae was not worth more, once a commoner, always a commoner.
Meanwhile, a big kava bowl was brought and all the parts and shit the gods had collected in Tonga was thrown in, and see after having left it to itself for a while, suddenly Tunungatofuaa came back to life. He was only missing one tooth, as the Tongans had brought that as a gift to the Tui Tonga in Mua, which had made it untouchable even for the gods. Sinilau suggested that Tununga should not try to smile too much.
Longopoa.
Meanwhile, Longopoa was left behind on his rock at the end of the world. Once Kae had left his pandanus tree, the other hesitated a while, but then finally he swam away too. He reached a small deserted island where only a "puko" tree grew. But it was a magic tree, it talked. And when Longopoa cried that he was hungry, the tree instructed him to make and light a umu, and then to break off one of its branches and to roast it. When at the end he opened the oven, see it was full with roasted pig, fowl, yams and so forth. He ate his belly full and slept.
But next day he cried again: he wanted to go back home, to Tonga. The tree then told him that tonight the gods would go fishing. He should ask them to let him go with them, and he would carry their bag for them. "Make a hole in the basket so that the fish drops out and it does not fill too swiftly. Because once the basket is full, the gods will stop. But if not, they will go on and on fishing. And when you reach your home island, crow like a rooster so the gods will think the night is over. Now also break off another branch of me and take it with you. As soon as you come home and while it is still night, plant it. A young puko tree will grow out of it, and provide you and your people with food as I did yesterday. Do not go to see your relatives first, because if you plant this branch after the day has dawned, it will only grow to be just an ordinary tree."
So the friendly puko tree said, and so it happened. The gods fished and fished, and when they reached Samoa they were surprised to hear from their new carrier that the basket was not yet full. And at Niuatoputapu it was still not full. Next they reached Tonga. Longopoa jumped overboard, ran ashore and crowed like a rooster. The gods made themselves scarce. Overjubilant Longopoa directly went to see his family. Only when the new day had come he remembered the love of the puko tree. But then it was too late, the blessings were spoilt and the puko trees of nowadays produce no food whatsoever.
Notes.
The story as told on other island groups:

</doc>
<doc id="6987677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987677" title="Tropical Storm Lane (2006)">
Tropical Storm Lane (2006)



</doc>
<doc id="6987681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987681" title="Lookout Pass (ski)">
Lookout Pass (ski)



</doc>
<doc id="6987682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987682" title="Košická Polianka">
Košická Polianka

Košická Polianka (; ) is a village and large municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1335 by its Hungarian name "Lengenfolua" when it belonged to Drugeth and Cudar families which possessed Trstené pri Hornáde. In 1337, the village passed to Krásna nad Hornádom’s abbey. It was recorded in 1337 as "Lengen", in 1427 as "Lengenfalva", in 1519 as "Lengelfalva", in 1630 as "Lengyelfalva". The village later became a Kassa (now:Košice) town estate and successively it belonged to the Palasthy family. According to legends, the village seems to have been established by Polish settlers.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 195 metres and covers an area of 8.216 km2.
It has a population of about 90 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6987683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987683" title="Kosicka Polianka">
Kosicka Polianka



</doc>
<doc id="6987684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987684" title="Brown Eyed Soul (band)">
Brown Eyed Soul (band)

Brown Eyed Soul () is a four member South Korean R&amp;B group.
History.
Brown Eyed Soul released their debut album, "Soul Free", on September 17, 2003. From it the single "Jeongmal Saranghaesseulkka" (정말 사랑했을까) stayed in the top music charts for a while and won 1st place in KBS charts. In 2004, they had their first individual concert. 
After their debut, they took 4 years to record their 2nd album "The Wind, The Sea, The Rain", which was released on November 2, 2007. Their 2nd album sold about 100,000 copies. It helped them win the R&amp;B award at the 5th Korean Music awards in 2008.
In 2010, they made their comeback to the music industry by releasing the 3 singles "I’ll Make Way, Blowin My Mind" on April 7, "Love Ballad, Never Forget" on May 10, &amp; "Can’t Stop Lovin’ You" on July 6. In the music video of the song "I’ll Make Way" (a.k.a. "I’ll Move"), besides the actress Lee Da-hae, all the Brown Eyed Soul members made their appearance together for the first time. This MV also came in 2 versions: 1 Black &amp; White, &amp; the other a Colour version.

</doc>
<doc id="6987685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987685" title="Mustair">
Mustair



</doc>
<doc id="6987686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987686" title="Dutch masters">
Dutch masters



</doc>
<doc id="6987688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987688" title="Tall Blacks">
Tall Blacks



</doc>
<doc id="6987693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987693" title="Brown Eyed Soul">
Brown Eyed Soul



</doc>
<doc id="6987695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987695" title="Steyr LP 10">
Steyr LP 10

The Steyr LP 10 is a single shot calibre pre-charged pneumatic air pistol designed for the 10 metre air pistol ISSF shooting events. It is manufactured by Steyr Sportwaffen GmbH of Austria.
To promote comfortable and accurate shooting from a standing position, match air pistols must have fast lock times, shoot practically recoillessly and vibration free, and exhibit minimal movement and balance shifts during discharge. The pistol must also be able to be tailored by adjustable user interfaces and various accessories to individual shooters' personal preferences. Combined with appropriate match pellets, the pistol has to produce a consistent 10-ring performance, so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant.
History.
Since its introduction in 2000, the LP 10 has proven to be a competitive match air pistol. It was used by top competition shooters to achieve the current (2009) 10 metre air pistol world record and win all the gold medals in the men's and women's 2012 Summer Olympics, 2010 ISSF World Shooting Championships, 2008 Summer Olympics, 2006 ISSF World Shooting Championships, 2004 Summer Olympics and 2002 ISSF World Shooting Championships. In ISSF World Cup events, competitors equipped with LP 10s also won multiple medals.
Design details.
The pistol uses dehumidified compressed air as propellant for the diabolo air gun pellets. This is stored in compressed-air cylinders that have a maximum filling pressure of 200 bar and built-in pressure gauges that indicate the current pressure level in the cylinder. The air for actual shooting is drawn from the compressed-air storage cylinder and reduced by a reduction valve to the pistol's working pressure of about 55 bar. According to Steyr, their compressed-air cylinders have storage capacity for about 180 shots.
A distinctive feature designed by Steyr and called the "stabilizing system" incorporates a small tungsten piston to compensate for the impulse caused by the movement of the pellet and some other internal parts in an attempt to stabilize the pistol during discharge. Further, the barrel has three holes drilled on top along its length and a muzzle brake to counteract muzzle rise and reduce recoil. Finally, the muzzle velocity of the pellets is adjustable to minimize movement and balance shifts during discharge.
Like all air pistols designed for the 10 metre air pistol event, it has fully adjustable sights. The rear sight is adjustable without tools for elevation and windage. The depth of the rear notch is adjustable with a screwdriver to lengthen or shorten the sight line length from 316 up to 365 mm.
The pistol has two-stage, three-dimensionally adjustable trigger which can be adjusted for overtravel, first stage weight and travel, second stage weight and sear engagement. The trigger pull weight is factory-adjusted to 500 gram (17.6 oz) to comply with the ISSF 10 metre air pistol rules. The trigger mechanism also has dry fire capability. Dry fire means a shooter can practice/simulate shooting without actually firing a pellet or seeping any air from a mounted pre-compressed air cylinder.
The standard anatomically shaped grip made by Morini has an adjustable palm shelf. Rake and rotation can be adjusted with screws under the grip.
Visually, the LP 10 is set apart from most similar pistols due to its barrel shroud. It is also offered in an optional distinctive silver-coloured brushed metal finish. The pistol comes with four 10-gram barrel weights that fit in slots on either side of the barrel.
The pistol is currently delivered in a polymer pistol carrying case with manuals, two pre-compressed air cylinders with built-in pressure gauges, some spare air -sealing parts, an air filling adapter and adjustment tools. Older pistols were delivered in a simple cardbox case with pre-compressed air cylinders and a separate pressure gauge.
Steyr factory accessories like an ambidextrous grip, additional 10- and 25-gram barrel weights, various front sight blades, a CO2 conversion kit, long and short compressed-propellant cylinders, and air and CO2 fill adapters are available.
Aftermarket accessories from other manufacturers, like target pistol grips that will fit the LP 10, are also available.
Variants.
In 2009 Steyr released the LP 10 E, which has an electronic trigger.
According to the manufacturer two standard 1.5 V AAA batteries provide enough electric capacity for 25,000 shots/trigger release cycles.&lt;br&gt;
In 2016 Steyr released the evo featuring a mechanical trigger and the evo E, which has an electronic trigger as successor model. The evo pistols are technically based on the LP 10 line and feature several evolutionary improvements. According to the manufacturer the rechargeable battery in the evo E provides enough electric capacity for 10,000 shots/trigger release cycles. Besides these pistols the Steyr evo line also includes the evo Compact and evo E Compact shortened somewhat lighter variants.&lt;br&gt;
The Steyr LP 2 is an updated (compressed-air) LP-1P that complements the LP 10 in the Steyr LP line. Slightly less expensive and lacking a few of the LP 10's refinements, it is still a very high quality target air pistol.&lt;br&gt;
The Steyr LP 50 is a 5-shot semi-automatic air pistol that shares many parts with the LP 10 and can be used for the training of dynamic pistol disciplines.&lt;br&gt;
The Steyr LP 1 is the predecessor of the LP 10, available both for use with compressed air and with compressed CO2 as propellant.

</doc>
<doc id="6987696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987696" title="Medzev">
Medzev

Medzev ("," "," also known as Metzenseifen to Americans) is a town and large municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia. It is one of several towns in Bodva Valley. Other towns in Bodva Valley include: Jasov, Lucia Bania, Vyšný Medzev (Upper Metzenseifen), and Stos. Historically, It belonged to one of the original mountain towns in the Lower Zips/Dolný Spis: Gelnica/Göllnitz, Smolník/Schmöllnitz, Nálepkovo/Wagendrüssel, Krompachy/Krompach, Mníšek nad Hnilcom/Einsiedel, Švedlár/Schwedler.
History.
The first settlement.
Any official documents regarding the founding of Metzenseifen have yet to be found and were likely destroyed in the Counter-Reformation. Much of the historical records obtained regarding the history of Medzev come from the monastery in Jasov. As shown in the timeline, the departure of the Mongols in 1241 prompted King Béla IV to rebuild Hungary as quickly as possible. It is known that he invited Germans as part of his recolonization effort. Whether he directly invited the particular settlers of Metzenseifen remains unknown, but possible. The first official document from the Bodva Valley is that of a legal document from 1272, which describes the litigation of forestry rights between Vyšný Medzev / Upper Metzenseifen and Jasov. It could be extrapolated that Metzenseifen was founded sometime between 1241 and 1272.
"The Little Village" "Das Dörfl".
 Until now, any documents that would have been submitted to Vienna or Budapest regarding Medzev's specific date of establishment have not been found. Therefore, we must draw information from reliable sources in the timeline like demarcation, into which the colonists would have entered upon arriving in the area called Metzenseifen. The timeline, as well as official documents and historical data were wiped out by the end of the Counter-Reformation. The monastery in Jasov and the neighboring townships could help us via documents, in which the name "Metzenseifen" was mentioned.
The original settlers.
The town was founded by ethnic Germans during the High Middle Ages. It is safe to assume that they had a good reason to leave home in present-day Germany and form this new settlement. The Feudal Age of the thirteenth century was less than satisfactory. It is known that certain privileges (e.g. freedom from servitude, etc.) were promised in order to persuade people to come to Slovakia (part of Upper Hungary).
Unfortunately, it is not yet known exactly where the origins of the German settlers originated. It was not common to register migrants in the 13th century. However, comparative research in dialectology may one day identify the origins.
The Germans of Metzenseifen belong to the Zipser Germans or Zipsers (see Zipser German Party), the Zipsers being named so after the Zips Mountains, called Spiš in Slovak. The Zips are a smaller group of mountains that are included in the Carpathian mountain range, which is why they are also known as "Karpatendeutsche(n)" respectively "Carpathian Germans" in English (or "Mantaken", alternatively, in German).
Summary.
In historical records the town was first mentioned in 1359. It was founded and settled by ethnic Germans.
The modern town stems from the merging of Nižný Medzev (German: Untermetzenseifen/Nider Metzenseifen/Nider Metzenseiffen/Nieder Mäzenseuffen/Nieder Metzenseif/Unter Mäznsüffen/ Unnter Metzensyffen) (Hungarian: Alsómeczenzéf) and Vyšný Medzev (German: Obermetzenseifen/Ober Metzenseuf; again independent since 1999) in 1960. The earliest known record of the town Metzenseifen comes from 1359 Mechenseuph. There were most likely German and Slovakian miners living together at that time, although Hungarian records show that the area was mostly uninhabited before King Bela IV invited Germans into the area. After the Mongolian invasion, there was a strong surge of German families. The ownership ratio between the two ethnic groups was assigned by the Jasov Monastery. Church and town records from as far back as the mid 1400s do not show any evidence of Slovak families in the town.
Mining in the mountain continued to increase throughout and after the 14th century, as well as handcraft. After the 15th century, Medzev/Meztenseifen split between /Nižný/Unter-/Lower and Vyšný/Ober/Upper Medzev/Metzenseifen. During the Reformation, the monastery was closed and its governance discontinued. The struggle for power continued throughout the Counter-Reformation and eventually resulted in the rebuilding of the monastery under the supervision of Maria Theresia, the Habsburg Archduchess of Austria and Queen of Hungary and Croatia.
Over the course of the industrialization period, Medzev/Metzenseifen became an economic center (site of many well-paid blacksmiths [approximately 100], who created agricultural tools). This led to tension in the 1930s between German and Slovakian speakers in the workplace. Before 1920 when Hungary was partitioned due to pressure by the Czechs and Slovaks, after forcing Hungary to sign the Treaty of Trianon, German was the official language of the town, and ethnically 95% German. After 1920, some Slovaks moved into the town but the town was still predominately German. Until the end of World War II, the German population significantly outnumbered the Slovakian population. After World War II, teaching German in the town was forbidden, some Germans were killed, others expelled, and those who remained have assimilated. Germans were looked down upon, their children were forcibly educated in Slovak and a town which has been German for over 700 years has now been mostly obliterated. Although "official" records state that over 20% of the population speaks German, it's closer to 10% and the "Mantak" dialect of German the Merzenseifers spoke is only spoken now by a few dozen people. In the past ten years, the number of Germans has increased by approximately 0.75%.
Geography.
The town lies at an elevation of 313 metres and covers an area of 31.861 km2. It has a population of about 3,800. It is located at the foothills of the Slovak Karst (south) and Volovec Mountains (north) on the Bodva River, around 35 km west of Košice.
People.
This village is primarily home to Slovaks, Germans, Hungarians, and Romani. Those people of Germanic origin refer to themselves as "Mantaks", although are more commonly recognized as Zipser Germans or Carpathian Germans.
Demographics.
According to the 2001 census, the town had 3,667 inhabitants. 75.43% of inhabitants were Slovaks, 13.55% Germans, 6.65% Roma, 1.55% Hungarians and 0.44% Czechs. The religious make-up was 77.58% Roman Catholics, 12.95% people with no religious affiliation, 2.18% Greek Catholics and 0.79% Lutherans. According to the 2011 census, the town has 4261 inhabitants.
Twin towns – sister cities.
Medzev is a member of the "Charter of European Rural Communities", a town twinning association across the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="6987701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987701" title="Ulmus 'Morton Plainsman'">
Ulmus 'Morton Plainsman'

Ulmus 'Morton Plainsman' (selling name ) is a hybrid cultivar raised by the Morton Arboretum from a crossing of Siberian Elm (female parent) and a Japanese Elm grown from openly pollinated seed donated by the Agriculture Canada Research Station at Morden, Manitoba. Tested in the US National Elm Trial coordinated by Colorado State University, averaged a survival rate of 78% after 10 years.
Description.
 has modest upright growth, increasing in height by an average of 0.8 m in an assessment at U C Davis, with leaves much the same size and colour of the American Elm. However, its performance in the southern United States has not impressed, and it was dismissed, along with its Morton stablemates and , as "ugly" by Michael Dirr, Professor of Horticulture at the University of Georgia , on account of its "wild" growth and splaying branches.
Pests and diseases.
Although resistant to Dutch elm disease in the US, remains very susceptible to pests such as the elm-leaf beetle "Xanthogaleruca luteola" 
, Japanese beetle, and cankerworms.
Cultivation.
In trials at the University of Minnesota, was found to have the second highest (after ) incidence of branch breakage occasioned by bark inclusions. However, the tree has a high degree of drought and cold tolerance making it particularly suitable for afforestation in the Great Plains. In artificial freezing tests at the Morton Arboretum the LT50 (temp. at which 50% of tissues die) was found to be −40°C.
The tree is currently being evaluated in the National Elm Trial coordinated by Colorado State University. It is not known to have been introduced to Australasia.
Hybrid cultivars.
 was crossed with the hybrid cultivar ; a selection from the resultant seedlings was marketed under the name 'Charisma', later changed to 'Morton Glossy' =.

</doc>
<doc id="6987703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987703" title="Boomers (basketball)">
Boomers (basketball)



</doc>
<doc id="6987706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987706" title="French masters">
French masters



</doc>
<doc id="6987709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987709" title="Italian masters">
Italian masters



</doc>
<doc id="6987713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987713" title="Moldava nad Bodvou">
Moldava nad Bodvou

Moldava nad Bodvou (; ; Yiddish מילדוי / סעפשי) is a town and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the town was first mentioned in 1255.
Geography.
The town lies at an altitude of 216 metres and covers an area of .
It has a population of about 11,000 people.
Demographics.
According to the 2011 census, the town had 11,086 inhabitants. 45% of inhabitants were Slovaks, 40% Hungarians, and 15% Roma. The religious make-up was 73.61% Roman Catholics, 6.91% people with no religious affiliation, 3.42% Greek Catholics and 1.12% Lutherans.
Economy.
The town has a police force and fire service and its own tax office.
Twin towns — sister cities.
Moldava nad Bodvou is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="6987714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987714" title="Cebu IT Park">
Cebu IT Park

The Cebu IT Park (formerly known as Asiatown IT Park) is a business park in Cebu City, Philippines. The park is envisioned to attract locators in the information technology industry. It is developed by Cebu Property Ventures and Development Corporation, a subsidiary of Cebu Holdings, Inc., in turn a wholly owned subsidiary of Ayala Land.
History.
The site of where the Cebu IT Park is on used to be the site of the old Lahug Airport, which opened in 1938 before suspending operations in 1966, when Cebu's airport was transferred to the island of Mactan. One event of historical note occurred on February 19, 1981, when Pope John Paul held an open-air Papal Mass on the airport's runway.
The airport was finally closed in 1989, after it was acquired by Cebu Property Ventures, Inc., a subsidiary of Philippine property developer Ayala Land, just a couple of years after the same developer acquired the nearby Club Filipino golf course (which would later become the site of the Cebu Business Park). It was approved by the Philippine Economic Zone Authority (PEZA) board as an economic zone on April 6, 2000. On February 27, 2001, Presidential Proclamation No. 12 made it an Information Technology Special Economic Zone.
Construction on eOffice One, the first office modules in Cebu IT Park, began in 2001 and opened in 2002. It was later closed down and demolished.
Developments.
General operations.
Tenants in IT Park include Cebu Bombardier, NEC, SPI Tech, 1&amp;1 Internet Philippines, Inc., Aegis (now acquired by Teleperformance), Concentrix (formerly Convergys, which later acquired both eTelecare and Stream), Qualfon, Promotional USB, Accenture, NCR, IBM, Microsoft, Xlibris/Author Solutions, JP Morgan Chase, WorldRemit, Epson and 24-7 Intouch. The main infrastructures found at the park are i1, i2, i3, The LINK, E-BLOC, E-BLOC 2, E-BLOC 3, E-BLOC 4, TGU Tower, Skyrise 4, Skyrise 3, Skyrise 2, Skyrise 1, CJRS Point, Mabuhay Tower, Calyx Centre, Globe Telecom IT Plaza, Teleperformance Tower, Avida Towers Cebu, Avida Towers Riala, Park Centrale, Asia Premier Residences, HM Tower, Filinvest Cyberzone Towers, and The Central Bloc.
In January 2010, IBM inaugurated its 2nd Global Delivery Center at TGU Tower. IBM established its initial presence in the Philippines in 1937. In 2007, IBM partnered with the Philippines Department of Science and Technology on the Philippine Intellectual Property Policy Strategy, Engineering Research &amp; Development for Technology Program, and the National Technology Business Incubators Program. IBM Philippines Country General Manager James Velasquez said the company recognizes Cebu as the gateway both for its domestic clients in the Visayas and Mindanao, as well as overseas clients.
Ayala Malls Central Bloc.
Opened on the site of eOffice One in 2019, Ayala Malls Central Bloc is the second Ayala Mall in Cebu and is the first major retail establishment within the property. Also located adjacent to the mall's complex is a Seda Hotel and two office buildings, with the whole Central Bloc complex serving as Ayala's mixed-use development centerpiece of the business park, similar to its larger neighbor Ayala Center Cebu, which is located in the center of the larger Cebu Business Park that is just nearby.
Garden Bloc.
Garden Bloc is a open park development within IT Park. It is also home to several restaurants and bars, such as Sugbo Mercado, and The Pyramid, among others. The Pyramid's physical structure still remains, but it has been closed since at least late 2023. Another former establishment, The Park Social, closed its doors on February 20, 2024, after its lease was not renewed. Additionally, a "Car-Free Sundays" initiative is held in the park, where designated streets are closed to vehicles from 5:00 am to 10:00 a.m. to encourage walking, jogging, and other outdoor activities.
Residential.
Asia Premier Residences is the first residential condominium in IT Park, opening in 2011. Other residential condominiums within the development include 38 Park Avenue by Cebu Landmasters and several condominiums developed by Avida Land.

</doc>
<doc id="6987717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987717" title="Asiatown">
Asiatown

Asiatown could refer to:
See also.
Asiatown could also be a generalization of Asian ethnic enclaves outside of Asia, more specific to a particular Asian culture. 

</doc>
<doc id="6987719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987719" title="AsiaTown">
AsiaTown



</doc>
<doc id="6987720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987720" title="Bethmännchen">
Bethmännchen

Bethmännchen (German for "a little Bethmann") is a pastry made from marzipan with almond, powdered sugar, rosewater, flour and egg. It is a traditional cookie usually baked for Christmas Day and is widely available in chocolate shops around Frankfurt. 
It is a special commodity sold in Frankfurt's Christmas market, one of the oldest Christmas markets in Germany which dates back as far as 1393.
History.
The name comes from the family of Bethmann. Legend has it that Parisian pastry chef Jean Jacques Gautenier developed the recipe for banker and city councilor Simon Moritz von Bethmann in 1838. Originally the Bethmännchen were decorated with four almonds, one for each son of Simon Moritz. After the death of his son Heinrich in 1845, the fourth almond was removed. However, this story is unlikely, since Simon Moritz had died already in 1826.
After one and a half centuries of manufacturing, its form and recipe has never been changed.

</doc>
<doc id="6987721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987721" title="Icelandic National Basketball Team">
Icelandic National Basketball Team



</doc>
<doc id="6987722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987722" title="AsiaTown IT Park">
AsiaTown IT Park



</doc>
<doc id="6987724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987724" title="Asia Town IT Park">
Asia Town IT Park



</doc>
<doc id="6987726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987726" title="Asia Town">
Asia Town



</doc>
<doc id="6987729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987729" title="Operation White Coat">
Operation White Coat



</doc>
<doc id="6987730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987730" title="Herľany">
Herľany

Herľany (; ) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
Sights.
The village is known for the only full-scale geyser in Slovakia, one of the few cold water geysers in the world. It erupts periodically every 24–32 hours, with the water reaching a 10–15 m height since 1872. An eruption lasts around 25 minutes.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6987732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987732" title="Herlany">
Herlany



</doc>
<doc id="6987735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987735" title="Babwa Wawa">
Babwa Wawa



</doc>
<doc id="6987739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987739" title="Congregation B'nai Israel (Galveston, Texas)">
Congregation B'nai Israel (Galveston, Texas)

Congregation B'nai Israel () is a Reform Jewish congregation and synagogue located in Galveston, Texas, in the United States. Organized by German Jewish immigrants in 1868, it is the oldest Reform congregation and the second chartered Jewish congregation in the state.
By the Galveston Movement, from 1907 to 1914, it helped attract thousands of eastern European Jewish immigrants to the city, Gulf Coast, and the middle region of the United States.
The congregation worships in The Rabbi Henry Cohen Memorial Temple, located at 3008 Avenue O.
History.
German Jews were among the many immigrants to Galveston from the German principalities in the 1840s; through their benevolent society, they established the first Jewish cemetery in Texas here in 1852. They held the first organized Jewish services in the state in Galveston in 1856. These two endeavors culminated in their organizing Congregation B'nai Israel in 1868 and its chartering in 1870.
The congregation has the distinction of being the first Reform congregation chartered in Texas, as well as the second Jewish congregation founded in the state. On June 20, 1875, the congregation voted to become one of the charter members of the Union of American Hebrew Congregations (now known as the Union for Reform Judaism.) It organized a school in 1869 and, by 1877, included Hebrew as a requirement of its curriculum.
Abraham Cohen Labatt, one of the pioneers of Reform Judaism in the United States, moved to Galveston in 1878 and joined the congregation. He was an active member until his death in 1899.
Beginning in 1888, Rabbi Henry Cohen led the congregation for more than five decades, through periods of rapid immigration of Jews from eastern Europe and two world wars. In addition, he provided leadership and care to people of all religions in the aftermath of the Galveston Hurricane of 1900, which destroyed many homes on the island and killed 6,000 people. He rallied members of the congregation to care for others.
B'nai Israel and the Galveston Movement.
Rabbi Cohen is also credited with founding the Galveston Movement, which operated between 1907 and 1914. He organized Galveston's Jewish Immigration Information Office. The city was a major port of entry for immigrants. The Movement wanted to attract Jews fleeing Russia and eastern Europe to the Gulf Coast and away from crowded East Coast cities; they wanted to attract more Jewish settlement to the middle of the United States. Members of the congregation met all of the ships that docked carrying Jewish immigrants at the Port of Galveston. They helped to direct many of the passengers to new homes in Texas and beyond, and aided them in finding housing and work, as well as adjusting to American life.
Through the combined efforts of Rabbi Cohen and others, historians estimate that more than ten thousand Jewish immigrants passed through Galveston, with many settling there, in Texas and the South.
Temple buildings.
By 1870, the congregation was ready to build a sanctuary and invited Mr. Tuck, the grand master of the Masonic Lodge of Texas, to lay the cornerstone. They had invited Rabbi Jacobs of the New Orleans Portuguese Jewish Nefutzot Yehudah Congregation (later part of Touro Synagogue) to officiate; historians believe this was the first occasion when an ordained rabbi led a religious meeting in Texas. 
The congregation continued to grow and, by the late 1880s, found they needed a new synagogue. They replaced the old structure on site at 822 22nd Street. They commissioned Nicholas J. Clayton, who was a notable Texas architect of religious structures. His Gothic Revival design of 1890 produced an ornately detailed synagogue that became a landmark in the city. The congregation used this building until selling it in the 1950s to the Masonic Lodge and moving to another new synagogue. The Masons simplified parts of the facade, but the basic structure remains.
Henry Cohen Community House.
As the congregation grew in the twentieth century, it needed space for its activities. It decided to build a center in 1928; the Henry Cohen Community House was named in honor of their Rabbi Henry Cohen. The community house was built on the lot next to the 1890s temple. The congregation occupied this complex until the 1950s, when it moved to a new synagogue outside of downtown; designed by Holocaust survivor Tibor Beerman.
The entry to the community house has a carved limestone portal and a gate, which both feature the "Magen David" as the primary iconographic element. After the Congregation built a new synagogue, it sold the Clayton temple and community house to the Masons. They adapted the buildings for use as their Masonic Temple.
Clergy.
Since its founding, the congregation has been served by thirteen rabbis:
In 1976, Jimmy Kessler was the first native Texan to assume the leadership of the congregation.

</doc>
<doc id="6987741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987741" title="Yes, Yes Nanette">
Yes, Yes Nanette



</doc>
<doc id="6987742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987742" title="Central Air Force Museum">
Central Air Force Museum

The Central Air Force Museum () is an aviation museum in Monino, Moscow Oblast, Russia. A branch of the Central Armed Forces Museum, it is one of the world's largest aviation museums, and the largest for Soviet aircraft, with a collection including 173 aircraft and 127 aircraft engines on display. The museum also features additional displays, including Cold War-era American espionage equipment, weapons, instruments, uniforms, artwork, and a library containing books, films, and photos is also accessible to visitors.
The Central Air Force Museum is located on the grounds of the Gagarin Air Force Academy on the site of the former Monino Airfield, east of Moscow.
History.
The origins of the museum go back to 1940 when the village of Monino was selected to be the location of what is now the Gagarin Air Force Academy. The museum itself was founded in 1958, two years after the airfield was closed, and had 6 aircraft and 20 aircraft guns at the time. When it opened to the public another two years later in 1960, it had 14 aircraft. By early 1970, the museum's collection had expanded to about 40 aircraft. In 1990, the aircraft on display were rearranged according to design bureau and chronological order. The museum's main hall was mostly destroyed by fire in 2005. By 2013, a new hangar had been built to house the World War II aircraft. In 2016, it was reported that the museum was to close, with the exhibits being transferred to Patriot Park. New halls with the modern equipment for exhibitions were built. However, a new exhibition hall was opened in February 2020.
The museum contains a range of aircraft, both domestic and foreign, including military, civil and special purpose. The museum also houses associated pieces, such as the uniforms, documents, models and equipment related to the aircraft. The museum is currently open to members of the public to visit.
The museum has never published a catalog of exhibits or a guidebook. Anniversary books about the Gagarin Air Force Academy contain small sections with history and descriptions of exhibits. There is a photo gallery of the museum, taken in 1988-1994 by photographer Viktor Leontyev, a correspondent for a military newspaper. The use of a wide-format lens made it possible to preserve for history views of the museum, including the hall that later burned down.
Aircraft on display.
Transport and passenger aircraft
Fighters and Attack aircraft
Bombers
Helicopters
Other aircraft

</doc>
<doc id="6987745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987745" title="Australian Multi-Purpose vessel">
Australian Multi-Purpose vessel



</doc>
<doc id="6987748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987748" title="Kalša">
Kalša

Kalša () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
The village of Kalša lies at the southeastern foot of the Slanské vrchy mountains in the Podslanská hills. The village developed in the territory belonging to the monastery of the Crusaders. The first written mention of the village dates from 1270. In the medieval age it belonged to local landowners, later it became the property of the city of Košice by deposit and sale. In the past, the population was involved in traditional agriculture, logging and carting. There was a sawmill and a quarry in the village.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 202 metres and covers an area of 4.627 km².
It has a population of about 700 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6987755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987755" title="Staigue stone fort">
Staigue stone fort

Staigue or Staig ( or "Caiseal Stéig") is a ruined stone ringfort eighteen kilometres west of Sneem, on the Iveragh peninsula in County Kerry, Ireland. The fort is thought to have been built during the late Iron Age, probably somewhere between 300 and 400 AD, as a defensive stronghold for a local lord or king.
It is at the head of a valley opening south to the sea, surrounded by a ditch over 8m wide and at present 1.8m deep. The fort's walls are up to 5.5 m (18 ft) high in places, 4 m (13 ft) thick at the bottom and 27.4 m (90 ft) in diameter. The inside is reached through a 1.8m passage roofed with massive double lintels. Staigue represents a considerable feat in engineering and building. It was built without mortar, using undressed stones of local sandstone. Vertical joints visible in the wall show that gaps were left during the building of the wall to allow access and were filled in later. There is also a tapered, lintelled doorway. Inside is an elaborate network of stairways leading to terraces and corbelled cells in the wall reached by passages.
There is evidence that copper was excavated in the surrounding area and it appears to be a place of worship, an observatory and a place of defence.

</doc>
<doc id="6987758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987758" title="Košické Oľšany">
Košické Oľšany

Košické Oľšany (; ) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records, the village was first mentioned in 1288 when a part of the village belonged to Slanec Lords, and the other part to Krásna nad Hornádom's Benedictine abbey.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 202 metres and covers an area of 8.669 km2.
It has a population of about 1140 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6987760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987760" title="Kosicke Olsany">
Kosicke Olsany



</doc>
<doc id="6987761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987761" title="Virginia State Route 14 (1918–1933)">
Virginia State Route 14 (1918–1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6987762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987762" title="Kosicke Ol'sany">
Kosicke Ol'sany



</doc>
<doc id="6987763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987763" title="NordBalt">
NordBalt

NordBalt (also formerly known as SwedLit) is a submarine power cable between Klaipėda in Lithuania and Nybro in Sweden, operating since 2015. The purpose of the cable is to facilitate the trading of power between the Baltic and Nordic electricity markets, and to increase the supply and energy security in both markets.
History.
The project was originally suggested in 2004. Original project Swindlit was aimed at construction of the wind farm in the Baltic Sea and ensuring the electricity transmission to Sweden and Lithuania. The participants of this project were interested also in Kruonis Pumped Storage Plant as an accumulator of variable wind energy.
In August 2006, the Lithuanian and Swedish transmission grid operators Lietuvos Energija and Svenska kraftnät agreed to launch a feasibility study of a possible interconnector. In February 2007, Lietuvos Energija and Svenska Kraftnät signed an agreement with Swedish consulting company SWECO International on preparation of feasibility study. The study was completed in March 2008 with positive conclusions for the implementation of the project.
On 9 July 2009, Lietuvos Energija, Latvenergo and Svenska Kraftnät signed a memorandum of understanding on the NordBalt project. Invitation for pre-qualification for NordBalt converters' and cable procurement was launched in December 2009. The sea bottom survey was conducted by Marin Mätteknik by 13 December 2009. On 17 December 2010, Litgrid, a newly established transmission system operator of Lithuania who took the project over from Lietuvos Energija, and Svenska kraftnät, signed a €270 million contract with ABB according to which ABB manufactured the cable. According to another contract, signed on 20 December 2010, ABB supplied two converter stations.
In March 2013 the government of Lithuania approved construction plans for the coastal area. On 18 April 2013 the Swedish government gave its final approval of the construction of a power cable. Cable laying started on 11 April 2014. It was laid by using C/S "Lewek Connector". The cable laying was disrupted several times by the Russian Navy within the Exclusive Economic Zone of Lithuania causing the Lithuanian prime minister to summon the Russian ambassador and protest against Russia's violation of the United Nations' Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS). On 9 June 2015, the cable laying works were completed.
The cable was officially inaugurated on 14 December 2015. However, due to fire near the Nybro substation, test transmission with a capacity of 30 MW started only on 1 February 2016. On 17 February 2016, electricity transmitted via Nordbalt was traded first time at Nord Pool Spot.
Technical features.
The interconnector uses high-voltage direct current (HVDC). The length of the cable is , of which is the submarine cable, is the land cable in Sweden, and is the land cable in Lithuania. Its maximum capacity is 700 MW with a ramping restriction of 600 MW,
where the 700 MW capacity corresponds to an annual transmission capacity of 6.1 TWh.
Economy.
The interconnector cost €580 million, of which the submarine cable cost €270 million. €175 million was paid by the European Commission.
It connects the Nord Pool Spot bidding areas southern Sweden (SE4) and Lithuania (LT).

</doc>
<doc id="6987769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987769" title="HVDC Lithuania-Sweden">
HVDC Lithuania-Sweden



</doc>
<doc id="6987771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987771" title="State Route 142 (Virginia pre-1928)">
State Route 142 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6987773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987773" title="State Route 143 (Virginia pre-1928)">
State Route 143 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6987774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987774" title="Gillan">
Gillan

Gillan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6987775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987775" title="State Route 144 (Virginia pre-1928)">
State Route 144 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6987777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987777" title="Malá Lodina">
Malá Lodina

Malá Lodina () is a village and large municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records, the village was first mentioned in 1386.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 265 metres and covers an area of 38.348 km2.
It has a population of about 195 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6987778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987778" title="State Route 14 (Virginia 1918-1933)">
State Route 14 (Virginia 1918-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6987779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987779" title="State Route 14 (Virginia 1918)">
State Route 14 (Virginia 1918)



</doc>
<doc id="6987781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987781" title="State Route 14 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 14 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6987785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987785" title="Mala Lodina">
Mala Lodina



</doc>
<doc id="6987796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987796" title="Eris (disambiguation)">
Eris (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6987801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987801" title="Nižná Kamenica">
Nižná Kamenica

Nižná Kamenica () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records, the village was first mentioned in 1347.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of and covers an area of . It has a population of about 600.

</doc>
<doc id="6987803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987803" title="Nizna Kamenica">
Nizna Kamenica



</doc>
<doc id="6987804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987804" title="Chosen One (Smog song)">
Chosen One (Smog song)

"Chosen One" is a song by Smog on his "Julius Caesar" album. Since its release it has been covered several times, including a version by The Flaming Lips in a Minneapolis record store on December 12, 1993, a recording which later appeared on their EP "Due to High Expectations... the Flaming Lips Are Providing Needles for Your Balloons". German indie-pop singer Monta has also covered "Chosen One" during concerts, but the material remains unreleased.
Later "Chosen One" was included in a Peel session broadcast on November 12, 1997. This new version was featured as a B-side on the "Cold Blooded Old Times" single as well as on the rarities compilation "".

</doc>
<doc id="6987806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987806" title="M.C the Max">
M.C the Max

M.C The MAX () is a South Korean rock band. They debuted in 2000 as a 4-member band under the name Moon Child. After the departure of member Heo Jung-min, members Lee Soo, Jeon Min-hyuk and J. Yoon regrouped in 2002 as M.C the MAX. 
They were initially managed by the production company of Yoshiki, founding member of the Japanese heavy metal band X Japan. On September 1, 2016, it was reported that M.C the MAX had chosen to form their own music agency, 325 E&amp;C. Their song "Love Poem (사랑의 시)", from their 2nd album, topped the KBS chart in February 2004. To date, they have released 8 full-length albums, several singles, and began participating in soundtrack contributions for several Korean television series as well.
Career.
2000–2001: Debut as Moon Child, "Delete", "사랑하니까", and Heo Jung-min's departure.
M.C the MAX originally debuted in May 2000 with the release of their 1st album "Delete" as a quartet under the name "Moon Child": , , and Heo Jung-min. Their 1st album consisted of mainly songs in the techno rock as well as the rock ballad genre.
They released their 2nd album "사랑하니까" (loosely translated to "Because of Love") in May 2001. Their 2nd album had a more similar sound to what they do today, consisting mainly of ballads mixed with a rock sound. Their title song "사랑하니까" is a ballad song with some rock sounds mixed in. It was their last album to feature member Heo Jung-min, as he left the band in late 2001 for personal reasons.
2002–2003: Regrouping, rising popularity in Japan, and "Love Is Time Sixth Sense".
Their first two albums was met with limited success and after member Heo Jung-min left the band in 2001, it partially influenced their decision to disband. They then re-grouped as a trio with the remaining members under their current name "M.C the Max". The name change and the decision to regroup could be seen as means to release songs with improved quality than ever before, as well as be 'reborn' under a new identity. They released their first album as a trio with a new band name on October 31, 2002. They steered into music of the ballad genre, while keeping their rock sounds.
They gained popularity in Japan with the support of Yoshiki from the popular Japanese rock band X Japan, and they also remade "Tears" from the band. The remake song was included in their first album "M.C the Max" with the name "Farewell For Now" . In addition, the second disc, which was included with their first album, consisted of songs entirely written and composed by the members themselves, which displays the members' musical abilities. Although the band still had the strong "Moon Child" image, through the resurgence under a new name, M.C the Max was building an image of a talented band.
In December 2003, M.C the Max made their comeback with their second full-length album "Love Is Time Sixth Sense". The title track ""Love Poem" was composed by the frontman of Anzen Chitai, Kōji Tamaki. The new album would be released and sold simultaneously with Anzen Chitai's album, "Anzen Chitai X". The album was met with great success and appealing to many Koreans, as M.C the Max won for the first time since debut on music programs. They won a total of 7 trophies with the title track and 2 triple crowns (winning consecutively for 3 times) on music programs such as the then Music Camp (the current Show! Music Core, and Inkigayo).
2004–2005: "Solitude Love", "The Rusted Love", and "In Search for Love".
The following year, they released their third full-length album "Solitude Love" on November 18, 2004. The title track "Don't Be Happy" was composed by a singer-songwriter in Japan, Kohmi Hirose who released the million-selling single Romance no Kamisama. Their 3rd album consisted of several songs of the ballad genre than before. However, a situation where members Jeon Min-hyuk and J. Yoon did not want to enter (preparation) sessions since the release of their second full-length album in 2003 was revealed. M.C the Max members then lost their desire to continue activities, forcing their widening activities to be stopped abruptly. Despite this, M.C the Max won an additional 5 trophies and another triple crown with their title track on more music programs such as M! Countdown.
Even though the promotional activities for their third full-length album were stopped abruptly, that did not deter them from releasing a new album in 2005. They made a comeback after a year with their fourth full-length album "The Rusted Love" on November 23, 2005 and the title track "사랑은 아프려고 하는 거죠" (loosely translated to (We) "Love in Order to be Hurt") won another 5 trophies on music programs.
The members then expanded their entertainment activity rather than releasing mainstream music. They ventured into contributing soundtracks for dramas and also releasing a compilation album. Most notably, they released the soundtrack "사랑하고 있네요" for the television series Which Star Are You From, and also released the compilation album "In Search for Love". At the end of 2006, the members' contracts with Paramount Entertainment expired. As they did not own the band name, Paramount Entertainment tried to debut "M.C the Max 2"" and member Lee Soo as a solo singer, independent from the group.
Lee Soo had objected to the decision, stating that "Unless this group consists of the 3 of us, we will not be able to release any music. The M.C in "M.C the Max" stands for Moon Child, and for the three of us only." which was against the policy of Paramount Entertainment. They then left the agency and signed a contract with a new agency named Vitamin Entertainment. However, Paramount Entertainment stated that they possessed the rights to the name "M.C the Max" until 2014, and had plans to add legal restrictions on the use of the name. After which, they filed a lawsuit for the name rights. Meanwhile, while the lawsuit was ongoing, M.C the Max was planning to release "볼때기 사랑", a song which they had recorded earlier. Later on, they released the song together with the digital single "The Perfect Ballad".
Lee Soo also released the soundtrack "나만의 슬픔" which was a remake song original sung by Kim Don-kyu for the musical drama "동화". In late 2006, the court made a decision in favour of M.C the Max, and Paramount Entertainment had to retract their decision to debut ""M.C the Max 2". M.C the Max also claimed ownership for the four full-length albums they've released under the agency up till now.
2007–2008: "Returns", "VIA 6", and "Unlimited".
M.C the Max then made a surprise announcement that they will release their fifth full-length album "Returns" on April 18, 2007. The album consists of songs that goes beyond the different types of ballad and traditional rock sounds. They stated that one of the few factors was to break the perception that M.C the Max was a ballad band. After the release of their fifth full-length album, M.C the Max also planned on releasing another repackaged album to meet their fans twice through album promotions. After the promotional activities for their album has been completed, Lee Soo also worked with the vocalist of Rumble Fish, Choi Jin-yi on the duet "Requiem"".
Together with Choi Jin-yi, they also started working on Lee Soo's solo album "I Am" which was to be released in May 2008. Both J. Yoon and Jeon Min-hyuk also participated in the preparation sessions. J. Yoon and Davink was also active in project activities, being part of the electronica project band "Monotonik". J. Yoon also collaborated with Shin Hae-chul who had produced their first album under the name "Moon Child" and their upcoming fifth full-length album to form the project group ""Wittgenstein".
Among news of the members' solo and project activities, rumours that M.C the Max also began to spread. However, M.C the Max had squashed the rumours as they announced they were making their comeback with the release of their sixth full-length album "VIA 6" on September 30, 2008 after a year and 5 months. To commemorate the release of their sixth full-length album, M.C the Max also announced that they were going on a national cpncert tour titled "Eclipse" around Korea.
They would begin their tour starting in Yonsei University in Seoul on October 18, before moving on to Seongnam Arts Center on November 8. This will be followed by the KBS Hall in Busan on November 15, before concluding in Daegu Health College in Daegu on December 20. They then became active in promotional activities with the title track off their sixth full-length album, "Unbeknown to Tears". On December 10, 2008, they also released a repackaged album in pictorial format titled "Unlimited". They had originally produced 10,000 copies of the pictorial album, but due to high demands, they produced another 10,000 copies of the album.
2009–2012: Military enlistment, "Rewind &amp; Remind", and hiatus.
In 2009, M.C the Max released the live album "Moonchild Is Invincible" which contained the songs sung live in the 2007 concert of the same name. On June 13 and 14, M.C the Max members held their final concert titled "Goodbye for a moment" at Yonsei University before their military enlistment. A few days later on June 18, during the free time between their final concert and the date of their military enlistment, they released the special album "Rewind &amp; Remind" online. The special album will also be made available at music stores on June 23.
On June 25, Lee Soo started his military service by enlisting as a public servant and entered the training camp. About a month later on July 27, Jeon Min-hyuk also followed and enlisted as part of the Republic of Korea Air Force. For J. Yoon, he had entered the training camp on September 17 but in the middle of training, he had sustained injuries during a concert in 2008 so he was forced to give up US citizenship and was also serving as a public service personnel.
In the middle of military service, M.C the Max also dropped a single album "So Sick". In late 2011, the members' military service has ended and they were discharged from the training camp. They held another year-end solo concert at Yongsan Art Hall from December 29 to 31, and released the soundtracks for the TV Chosun television series Korean Peninsula, as well as the television series The King's Doctor. They parted ways with Vitamin Entertainment and joined their current agency, Music&amp;NEW.
2014–2015: "Unveiling".
M.C the Max made their comeback in about 5 years with the release of their seventh full-length album "Unveiling" on January 2. This was their newest full-length album release since their sixth full-length album was dropped on 2008. Teasers for one of the tracks on the album, "Night We Shine" was released on December 17, 2013. Meanwhile, the teaser for the title track "Wind That Blows" was released on December 30.
Their title track "Wind That Blows" swept various music charts and remained in the 1st place upon its release. It also won the Ballad Music Star award at the 6th Melon Music Awards in 2014. Other songs on the album, including "Lying on your lips" and "Night We Shine" also won a lot of popularity among the public and overall, their comeback was a hugely successful one.
M.C the Max members also started venturing out to other areas of entertainment, and also started participating in the soundtracks for various television series. Most notably, member Lee Soo released "U" for the television series It's Okay, That's Love and the group also released "Looking at You" for the television series Birth of a Beauty. Teasers for their soundtrack ""Looking at You" were revealed on November 21.
Lee Soo also confirmed his participation on the third season of the popular MBC variety program I Am a Singer. However, due to previous stories that Lee Soo was involved in child prostitution which generated much publicity, the panelists of I Am a Singer objected to his participation. MBC responded saying that to prevent further controversy, Lee Soo ultimately would also not be able to participate in the variety program.
On April 23, their soundtrack "That Man"" for the television series A Girl Who Sees Smells also became very popular and received a lot of love.
2016–present: "Pathos".
On January 4, 2016, it was announced that M.C the Max will be making their comeback in 2 years with their 8th full-length album, "pathos", in late January. At the same time, they will also be going on a national concert tour with the same title in Korea in February to commemorate the album's release as well as celebrate their 16th anniversary as a professional band. Apart from performing their latest songs from their soon-to-be released album, it was said that the members have also prepared some of the most spectacular performances for their fans in the concert. It will also be the first public performance to celebrate the release of their 8th full-length album. The first stop will be in Seoul and scheduled to be held on February 21 and 22, and tickets for the Seoul leg will go on sale at Interpark's ticketing website on January 8 at noon.
The ticket reservations are expected to be a fierce one, after their sold-out year-end concert titled "Wintering..." in 2014 proved their ticketing power. Concert details for other cities on the tour list include the KBS Hall in Busan on February 27, followed by Jeongsimhwa Hall at Chungnam National University in Daejeon on March 5, the Kyungbuk National University Auditorium in Daegu on March 12, Gyeonggi Arts Center in Suwon on March 19 before concluding at Cultural Arts Center in Gwangju on April 9. Tickets for all shows will be available on the Interpark's ticketing website as well. Teaser photos for the concert were then revealed on January 15. The poster is mysterious and intense, which raises expectations.
M.C the Max released the track list for their upcoming album on January 19 through their agency Music&amp;NEW. The album will be released online on January 28 at midnight and offline at music stores on February 2. It consists of 10 songs including the title track "No matter where". Notably, member Lee Soo took part in the songwriting for 7 songs on the album, in addition to taking part in the composing and arrangement for at least 3 songs. Later on, a teaser for the title track "No matter where" was released on January 24. Within hours of the album's release, the title track had topped 8 music charts, namely MelOn, Genie, Naver Music, Mnet, Bugs, Soribada, etc. Other songs on the albums also gained a lot of popularity and the album was met with huge success.
Separately, in an interview with Star News in January 2016, it was revealed that Heo Jung-min left the group to pursue a career in acting. In another interview with Maeil Business Newspaper (MK News) later in February 2016, he also revealed a similar reason for his departure. However, he recalled the times when he was in "Moon Child" a great one and after leaving, it enabled him to better focus on his acting career.
On June 13, it was revealed that J. Yoon has left the group. However, the agency Music&amp;NEW has refuted these rumours, stating that "it is groundless and absolutely not the truth".
On September 1, 2016, it was reported that M.C the Max had chosen not to resign with label Music&amp;NEW. They subsequently formed their own agency, 325 E&amp;C—the "325" standing for their debut date of March 25, 2000.
On May 13, 2021, the group's agency was unable to get in contact with J.Yoon and they notified the authorities. Police arrived at his home in Seogyo-dong, Seoul, where he was found dead.
Discography.
As Moon Child
As M.C the Max

</doc>
<doc id="6987808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987808" title="List of Temeraire characters">
List of Temeraire characters



</doc>
<doc id="6987812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987812" title="Berluti">
Berluti

Berluti is a French leather maker that manufactures menswear, especially the leather finishing of calfskin, kangaroo leather and alligator skin in its production of shoes and boots. It makes leather belts, bags, and wallets, as well as bespoke and ready-to-wear garments. Established in 1895 by Italian Alessandro Berluti of Marche, Berluti is based in Paris on rue Marbeuf. The brand was bought by LVMH in 1993.
In 2023, the brand returned to Paris Fashion Week despite operating without a creative director. The role was most recently held by Kris Van Assche from 2018 to 2021.
History.
Berluti was founded in 1895 by Italian Alessandro Berluti, and later run by Olga Squeri, also known as Olga Berluti. The LVMH group acquired Berluti in 1993. In 2012, Berluti acquired Paris tailor house Arnys and launched its first prêt-à-porter menswear collections.
In 2011, Olga Berluti was named creative director of the Berluti Art line.
From 2011 to 2023, Berluti was headed by LVMH's CEO Bernard Arnault's son, Antoine Arnault, who also serves as the chairman of Loro Piana. In March 2014, Isabella Capece Galeota became director of image and communications.
Between 2011 and 2014, Berluti increased its annual revenue from less than 30 million euros ($32.6 million) to €100 million ($109 million), having expanded its product offering, bought a custom atelier and increased its global store network to 46 boutiques.
In 2013, Berluti worked with Dutch artist Maarten Baas on created a series of sculptures.
In 2017, Berluti introduced a sunglass collection in collaboration with Oliver Peoples.
In 2018, creative director Kris Van Assche reconfigured the existing Berluti logo based on one he found carved into a shoe last and devised with M/M Paris.
All the footwear manufacturing and leather goods are produced in the town of Gaibanella in the municipality of Ferrara, while Paris is the location of the corporate headquarters.
Berluti designed uniforms for the French team at the opening ceremony of the 2024 Olympics and Paralympics in France.
Recognition.
In 2017 "Business of Fashion" named Berluti among the 16 best companies to work for in the fashion industry.

</doc>
<doc id="6987813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987813" title="Nižná Hutka">
Nižná Hutka

Nižná Hutka () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia. One of the two consulates of the Seychelles in Slovakia is located in Nižná Hutka.
History.
In historical records, the village was first mentioned in 1293.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 214 metres and covers an area of 4.348 km2.
It has a population of about 510 people. The Torysa River flows into the Hornád River near Nižná Hutka.

</doc>
<doc id="6987814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987814" title="John T. Eversole">
John T. Eversole

John Thomas Eversole (April 17, 1915 – June 4, 1942) graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1938, and after duty at sea received aviation training. On May 7, 1941, Eversole joined Torpedo Squadron 6 (VT-6) in , and with many others of his squadron, gave his life for his country in the opening phases of the Battle of Midway 4 June 1942, in an attack on Japanese carriers made through heavy opposition. Lieutenant (junior grade) Eversole's determination in this action was posthumously recognized with the award of the Navy Cross.
On February 18, 1942, Eversole had to ditch his TBD Devastator torpedo bomber sixty miles from the "Enterprise", after he became disoriented and ran out of fuel. He was successfully picked up by one of his Task Forces destroyers the next day.
Namesake.
The destroyer escort was the first ship named in his honor. She was sunk during The Battle of Leyte Gulf on March 21, 1944. In 1946 a second ship, the destroyer was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="6987816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987816" title="Lone Star Shootout">
Lone Star Shootout



</doc>
<doc id="6987819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987819" title="Nizna Hutka">
Nizna Hutka



</doc>
<doc id="6987821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987821" title="John Thomas Eversole">
John Thomas Eversole



</doc>
<doc id="6987823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987823" title="John Eversole">
John Eversole



</doc>
<doc id="6987836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987836" title="Petko Staynov">
Petko Staynov

Petko Staynov (; December1, 1896June25, 1977) was a Bulgarian composer and pianist. He enriched the Bulgarian musical culture and contributed considerably to its development. A composer of great creative talent, of wide musical and general culture, possessing a keen sense for the topical ideas of modern time, he dedicated his entire life and all his abilities to Bulgarian music and musical culture, and to the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences.
Life.
At the age of six Staynov injured one of his eyes; as a result, the other eye was also infected. At 11, he lost his sight completely. He graduated from the Institute for the Blind in Sofia (1915), where his talent for music showed for the first time. Later he studied music with Andrei Stoyanov and made his initial attempts at composing.
In 1920 he left for Germany for a year of studies at the Private Musical Lyceum in Braunschweig. In 1923 he graduated from the Dresden Musical Conservatory, majoring in composition under Alexander Wolf and in piano under Ernst Munch. Having returned to Kazanluk in 1925, he created his first major work: the Thracian Dances symphonic suite in three movements. He later added an additional movement to the suite, Mechkarsko (The Bear Warder's Dance, 1926).
In 1927 he moved to Sofia and began teaching piano at the Institute for the Blind.
Petko Staynov worked mainly in the genres of symphonic and choral music. Being equally talented in both, he generalised some trends in Bulgarian musical creativity and opened new vistas to its development. He adapted the European musical tradition to the Bulgarian way of thinking, to the abilities of both performers and listeners, to the natural process of advancement of the national music. From European music Staynov adopted some expressive devices and forms, the resources of the symphony orchestra, the construction of a well-engineered structure. What characterises him as a markedly Bulgarian musical creative artist is the introduction of a Bulgarian musical style of his own. This style was expressed to its fullest in the completely independent melody (without direct quoting of folk music) and in the harmonic language of his work. The idea of his compositions is clarified through the lyrics of his choral songs and ballads and through the programmatic titles of most of his symphonic works.
Works.
Staynov's symphonic output includes the suites "Thracian Dances" (1925, 1926) and "A Fairy Tale" (1930), the symphonic poems "A Legend" (1927) and "Thrace" (1937), "Symphonic Scherzo" (1930), the concert overtures "Balkan" and "Youth Overture" (1936 and 1953), two symphonies (1945 and 1949). They reveal the beauty of his native land, the fervour of folk dances, and evoke fairy-tale images. His two symphonies are marked by deeply felt philosophic generalisations.
Staynov's symphonic works breathe powerful philosophic suggestions, while some of them, like, for example, "Thracian Dances" and "Thrace", have become symbolic for Bulgarian music.
Petko Staynov's choral songs reveal features of the Bulgarian people's character ("A Fir Tree Is Bending"; "A Bright Sun Has Risen"; "Hey, Ivan"; "Play a Tune, Dimo"; "Oh, That Man Dimo"; "Hey, Dimo"). Till the early 1930s, he followed the traditions of choral art laid by the first composers in the genre, introducing at the same time elements of his own style.
With his choral ballads Staynov laid the foundation of a whole new field in Bulgarian music. In them he recreated mainly dramatic events from Bulgaria's older and new history and thus achieved a national ballad sound (e.g. "The Secret of Struma River", 1931; "Urvich" for mixed choir on lyrics by N. Rakitin, 1933; "Horsemen", 1932; "One Hundred and Twenty Men" for male choir on lyrics by P.P. Slaveykov, 1935; "A Maiden's Lament" for mixed choir on lyrics by T. Kunev. 1936; "Comrade Anton" for mixed choir on lyrics by I. Radoev, 1954; "Godfather German" for mixed choir on lyrics by D. Panteleev, 1955). For his ballads, the composer employed elements from the national intonation fund, but the strictly folk sounding would have impeded his creative fervour in achieving effective dramatic narration. Staynov's ballads pose technical difficulties to their performers and have remained to the present day a touchstone for the performing mastery of Bulgarian choirs.
His overall work in both the symphonic and the choral genres contributed to some neglected stages in the development of Bulgarian music and thus further established his status as an outstanding figure in Bulgarian musical culture.
Public offices.
Petko Staynov held the chair of the Union of Folk Choirs in Bulgaria (the Bulgarian Singing Union) and of the Contemporary Music Association of Bulgarian Composers (1933–44), and served as Director of the National Opera (1941–44). In 1941 he was elected Regular Member (Academician) of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences and in 1948 he became Director of the newly founded Institute for Music with Museum (later Institute of Musicology) with the Academy; held this position to the end of his days. He was also member of the Presidium of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences. Academician-Secretary of the Department of Arts and Culture at the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences was among the other positions he held. Under his wise and competent direction, these institutions, unions, associations and other organizations reached the highest levels of their achievements.
In 1965, he founded National Festival of Bulgarian Folk Art with Rayna Katsarova and Anna Kamenova.
Petko Staynov's ideas about the social functions of music, about the significance of folk music for the creativity of Bulgarian composers, about the creation of a Bulgarian musical style, choral singing, choirs, school musical education, composers and their works, performers and events in the country's musical life were laid down in numerous articles, most of which were published in the collection "Petko Staynov: On Bulgarian Musical Culture", 1967.
Petko Staynov held numerous high state awards. He died on June 25, 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="6987838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987838" title="2006 blasts at Malegaon">
2006 blasts at Malegaon



</doc>
<doc id="6987851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987851" title="List (information)">
List (information)



</doc>
<doc id="6987852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987852" title="USS Eversole (DD-789)">
USS Eversole (DD-789)

USS "Eversole" (DD-789) was a of the United States Navy, the second Navy ship named for Lieutenant (junior grade) John T. Eversole (1915–1942), a naval aviator who was killed in the Battle of Midway. She later served in the Turkish navy from 1973 to 1995 as TCG "Gayret" (D-352) and is now a ship museum.
"Eversole" was launched on 8 January 1946 at the Tacoma Washington shipyard of Todd-Pacific Shipyards, Inc., Seattle, Washington; sponsored by Mrs. S. R. Eversole, mother of Lt. (j.g.) Eversole; and commissioned on 10 May 1946. The Eversole was one of the final three ships built in Tacoma by Todd-Pacific before closure of the Tacoma yard.
Service history.
"Eversole" arrived at San Diego, Calif., her home port, on 6 October 1946, and in the years prior to the Korean War, twice sailed to the Far East for duty with the 7th Fleet, patrolling off China and Japan. She sailed from San Diego on 1 May 1950 for another such tour, and thus was in the Orient upon the opening of the war. Until 8 February 1951, when she returned to San Diego, she screened the fast carrier task forces as they launched air strikes against North Korean targets.
During her second tour of duty in the Korean War, from 27 August 1951 to 10 April 1952, "Eversole" bombarded Hŭngnam, Wonsan, and other points along the east coast of Korea, and served in the Blockading and Escort Force, with ships of the navies of Great Britain, Canada, Netherlands, Australia, New Zealand, and the Republic of Korea. From 17 November 1952 to 29 June 1953, she served a similar tour of duty. "Eversole" received seven battle stars for her Korean War service.
From 1954 through 1961, "Eversole" made an annual deployment to the Far East, serving on the Taiwan Patrol, exercising off Japan, Okinawa, and in the Philippines, and visiting a wide variety of western Pacific ports. In both 1957 and 1958, she made her outward bound passage by way of Australia, and in all of these tours, made an important contribution to the power for peace of the 7th Fleet. She then entered the Bremerton Naval Shipyard in Bremerton, Washington to undergo a FRAM I upgrade, a modernization program under which "Eversole" and forty-three other "Gearing-class" ships received updated radars, sonars and electronic suites and the ASROC and DASH anti-submarine weapons systems. "Eversole" emerged from the shipyard in February 1963 to be homeported at the Long Beach Naval Station in Long Beach, California.
During her periods of training and preparation for deployment on the west coast, "Eversole" often visited ports of the Pacific Northwest, and on occasion voyaged to the Hawaiian Islands.
On 8 October 1969 "Eversole" deployed from Long Beach Naval Station, California, to the western Pacific stopping in Oahu, Hawaii, and Midway Island in transit to Yokosuka, Japan before frequent deployments to the Tonkin Gulf for plane guard assignments with the carrier forces of the 7th fleet and naval gunfire support duties for ground troops. Between combat deployments Subic Bay Naval Station was used as the overseas homeport. Other R&amp;R and maintenance visits were made to Sasebo, Japan and Hong Kong. "Eversole" returned to Long Beach Naval Station, California, on 8 April 1970.
TCG "Gayret" (D-352).
On 11 July 1973, "Eversole" was transferred to Turkey. She served in the Turkish Navy as TCG "Gayret" (D-352). "Gayret" was stricken in 1995. She is preserved as a museum ship at the Kocaeli Museum Ships Command.

</doc>
<doc id="6987853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987853" title="Ebbsfleet international station">
Ebbsfleet international station



</doc>
<doc id="6987857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987857" title="Bosnia (disambiguation)">
Bosnia (disambiguation)

Bosnia primarily refers to Bosnia and Herzegovina, a country in southeastern Europe.
Bosnia may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6987859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987859" title="The Urban Academy (England)">
The Urban Academy (England)



</doc>
<doc id="6987863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987863" title="Pilea">
Pilea

Pilea, with 600–715 species, is the largest genus of flowering plants in the nettle family Urticaceae.
It is distributed throughout the tropics, subtropics, and warm temperate regions (with the exception of Australia and New Zealand).
Description.
The majority of species are shade-loving herbaceous plants or shrubs, which are easily distinguished from other Urticaceae by the combination of opposite leaves (with rare exceptions) with a single ligulate intrapetiolar stipule in each leaf axil and cymose or paniculate inflorescences (again with rare exceptions).
Uses.
"Pilea" is of little economic importance; one species is used in Chinese traditional medicine ("P. plataniflora").
Horticulture.
Six species have horticultural value ("P. cadierei", "P. grandifolia", "P. involucrata", "P. microphylla", "P. nummulariifolia", and "P. peperomioides"),
Some pileas are grown for their ornamental foliage which is shaped like lily-pads.
The ASPCA includes many pilea species in the list of plants that are non-toxic to pets.
Systematics.
The genus has attracted little monographic attention since Weddell (1869), and the majority of taxonomic contributions have come from floristic treatments. To date, 787 species names have been published (International Plant Names Index, 2003) and estimates for the species number range from 250 to 1000. Based on previous floristic treatments, about 30% of the species from regions not yet covered by contemporary floristic treatments may be undescribed.
The genus name "Pilea" is Latin for "felt cap", a reference to the calyx covering the achene.
Fossil record.
The fossil species †"Pilea cantalensis" was widely distributed in Europe and West Siberia during the Miocene and Pliocene. It is related to the East Asian "Pilea mongolica" and to the North American "Pilea pumila".

</doc>
<doc id="6987865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987865" title="John McMillan (Ontario politician)">
John McMillan (Ontario politician)

John McMillan (July 24, 1824 – October 31, 1901) was an Ontario farmer and political figure. He represented Huron South in the House of Commons of Canada as a Liberal member in 1883 and from 1887 to 1900.
He was born in Kirkconnel, Dumfriesshire, Scotland in 1824 and came to Huron County in Canada West with his brother in 1843. He purchased land from the Canada Company and began farming on it, raising and selling beef cattle and Clydesdale horses. In 1880, he was appointed to the Ontario agricultural commission, which prepared a report that described the state of agriculture in the province.
He served on the advisory board of the Ontario Agricultural College and lectured as part of the Farmers' Institutes program initiated by the college. McMillan served as reeve for Hullett Township from 1877 to 1882 and from 1884 to 1887.
Death.
McMillan died on his farm in Hullett Township in 1901, aged 77.

</doc>
<doc id="6987868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987868" title="MCLB Albany">
MCLB Albany



</doc>
<doc id="6987869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987869" title="Kamphaeng Saen district">
Kamphaeng Saen district

Kamphaeng Saen (, ) is the northwesternmost district ("amphoe") of Nakhon Pathom province, central Thailand.
History.
Kamphaeng Saen was a moated centre of Dvaravati culture, dating from 410-870 CE, with the foundation of a Buddhist stupa identified.
Geography.
Neighbouring districts are (from the north clockwise): Song Phi Nong of Suphanburi province; Bang Len, Don Tum, and Mueang Nakhon Pathom of Nakhon Pathom Province; Ban Pong of Ratchaburi province; and Tha Maka of Kanchanaburi province.
Kasetsart University's Kamphaeng Saen campus is in this district.
Administration.
The district is divided into 15 subdistricts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 202 villages ("mubans"). Kamphaeng Saen is also a township ("thesaban tambon"), which covers parts of "tambons" Kamphaeng Saen and Thung Kraphang Hom.

</doc>
<doc id="6987871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987871" title="Governance, risk management, and compliance">
Governance, risk management, and compliance

Governance, risk, and compliance (GRC) is the term covering an organization's approach across these three practices: governance, risk management, and compliance amongst other disciplines.
The first scholarly research on GRC was published in 2007 by OCEG's founder, Scott Mitchell, where GRC was formally defined as "the integrated collection of capabilities that enable an organization to reliably achieve objectives, address uncertainty and act with integrity" aka "Principled Performance®". The research referred to common "keep the company on track" activities conducted in departments such as internal audit, compliance, risk, legal, finance, IT, HR as well as the lines of business, executive suite and the board itself.
Overview.
Governance, risk, and compliance (GRC) are three related facets that aim to assure an organization reliably achieves objectives, addresses uncertainty and acts with integrity. Governance is the combination of processes established and executed by the directors (or the board of directors) that are reflected in the organization's structure and how it is managed and led toward achieving goals. Risk management is predicting and managing risks that could hinder the organization from reliably achieving its objectives under uncertainty. Compliance refers to adhering with the mandated boundaries (laws and regulations) and voluntary boundaries (company's policies, procedures, etc.).
Governance, risk and compliance (GRC) is a discipline that aims to synchronize information and activity across governance, and compliance in order to operate more efficiently, enable effective information sharing, more effectively report activities and avoid wasteful overlaps. Although interpreted differently in various organizations, GRC typically encompasses activities such as corporate governance, enterprise risk management (ERM) and corporate compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Organizations reach a size where coordinated control over GRC activities is required to operate effectively. Each of these three disciplines creates information of value to the other two, and all three impact the same technologies, people, processes and information.
Substantial duplication of tasks evolves when governance, risk management and compliance are managed independently. Overlapping and duplicated GRC activities negatively impact both operational costs and GRC matrices. For example, each internal service might be audited and assessed by multiple groups on an annual basis, creating enormous cost and disconnected results. A disconnected GRC approach will also prevent an organization from providing real-time GRC executive reports. GRC supposes that this approach, like a badly planned transport system, every individual route will operate, but the network will lack the qualities that allow them to work together effectively.
If not integrated, if tackled in a traditional "silo" approach, most organizations must sustain unmanageable numbers of GRC-related requirements due to changes in technology, increasing data storage, market globalization and increased regulation.
GRC topics.
GRC market segmentation.
A GRC program can be instituted to focus on any individual area within the enterprise, or a fully integrated GRC is able to work across all areas of the enterprise, using a single framework.
A fully integrated GRC uses a single core set of control material, mapped to all of the primary governance factors being monitored. The use of a single framework also has the benefit of reducing the possibility of duplicated remedial actions.
When reviewed as individual GRC areas, the most common individual headings are considered to be Financial GRC, Operational GRC, WHS GRC, IT GRC, and Legal GRC.
The AICD (Australian Institute of Company Directors) however splits risk into three super groups
Analysts disagree on how these aspects of GRC are defined as market categories. Gartner has stated that the broad GRC market includes the following areas:
They further divide the IT GRC management market into these key capabilities. 
GRC product vendors.
The distinctions between the sub-segments of the broad GRC market are often not clear. With a large number of vendors entering this market recently, determining the best product for a given business problem can be challenging. Given that the analysts do not fully agree on the market segmentation, vendor positioning can increase the confusion.
Owing to the dynamic nature of this market, any vendor analysis is often out of date relatively soon after its publication.
Broadly, the vendor market can be considered to exist in three segments:
Integrated GRC solutions attempt to unify the management of these areas, rather than treat them as separate entities. An integrated solution is able to administer one central library of compliance controls, but manage, monitor and present them against every governance factor. For example, in a domain specific approach, three or more findings could be generated against a single broken activity. The integrated solution recognizes this as one break relating to the mapped governance factors.
Domain specific GRC vendors understand the cyclical connection between governance, risk and compliance within a particular area of governance. For example, within financial processing — that a risk will either relate to the absence of a control (need to update governance) and/or the lack of adherence to (or poor quality of) an existing control. An initial goal of splitting out GRC into a separate market has left some vendors confused about the lack of movement. It is thought that a lack of deep education within a domain on the audit side, coupled with a mistrust of audit in general causes a rift in a corporate environment. However, there are vendors in the marketplace that, while remaining domain-specific, have begun marketing their product to end users and departments that, while either tangential or overlapping, have expanded to include the internal corporate internal audit (CIA) and external audit teams (tier 1 big four AND tier two and below), information security and operations/production as the target audience. This approach provides a more 'open book' approach into the process. If the production team will be audited by CIA using an application that production also has access to, is thought to reduce risk more quickly as the end goal is not to be 'compliant' but to be 'secure,' or as secure as possible. You can also try the various GRC Tools available in market which are based on automation and can reduce your work load.
Point solutions to GRC are marked by their focus on addressing only one of its areas. In some cases of limited requirements, these solutions can serve a viable purpose. However, because they tend to have been designed to solve domain specific problems in great depth, they generally do not take a unified approach and are not tolerant of integrated governance requirements. Information systems will address these matters better if the requirements for GRC management are incorporated at the design stage, as part of a coherent framework.
GRC data warehousing and business intelligence.
GRC vendors with an integrated data framework are now able to offer custom built GRC data warehouse and business intelligence solutions. This allows high value data from any number of existing GRC applications to be collated and analysed.
The aggregation of GRC data using this approach adds significant benefit in the early identification of risk and business process (and business control) improvement.
Further benefits to this approach include (i) it allows existing, specialist and high value applications to continue without impact (ii) organizations can manage an easier transition into an integrated GRC approach because the initial change is only adding to the reporting layer and (iii) it provides a real-time ability to compare and contrast data value across systems that previously had no common data scheme.'
GRC research.
Each of the core disciplines – Governance, Risk Management and Compliance – consists of the four basic "components": strategy, processes, technology and people.
The organisation's risk appetite, its internal policies and external regulations constitute the "rules" of GRC. The disciplines, their components and rules are now to be merged in an integrated, holistic and organisation-wide (the three main "characteristics" of GRC) manner – aligned with the (business) operations that are managed and supported through GRC. In applying this approach, organisations long to achieve the "objectives": ethically correct behaviour, and improved efficiency and effectiveness of any of the elements involved.

</doc>
<doc id="6987872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987872" title="National Water Carrier (Israel)">
National Water Carrier (Israel)



</doc>
<doc id="6987878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987878" title="Nelson Abeijón">
Nelson Abeijón

Nelson Javier Abeijón Pessi (born 21 July 1973) is a retired Uruguayan footballer. He is nicknamed Abe or Abeja, due to his last name similarity with the word "abeja" (Spanish for bee). He is currently the assistant coach of C.A. Cerro.
Playing career.
Club.
He started his career in 1994 with Nacional (winning one minor title championship). His role as a holding midfield player and his tough approach of the game made him very popular among his fans. He eventually left the team in the season 1997-1998 when he played in Spain La Liga with Racing de Santander. In August 1998 Abeijón moved to Italian Serie A and then Serie B with Cagliari and Como. In the summer of 2006 he was transferred to Atalanta. During his career he played 282 matches and scored 23 goals.
Abeijón left for Como in 2003 but in January 2004 returned to Cagliari. in July he signed a 2-year contract.
International.
Abeijón made his debut for the Uruguay national football team on October 19, 1994, in a friendly match against Peru (0–1 win) in the Estadio Nacional José Díaz in Lima, Peru. He earned a total number of 23 caps for his native country, scoring two goals.
External links.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6987884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987884" title="TCG Gayret (D 352)">
TCG Gayret (D 352)



</doc>
<doc id="6987886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987886" title="TCG Gayret">
TCG Gayret

TCG "Gayret" may refer to one of the following Turkish Navy ships:

</doc>
<doc id="6987891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987891" title="Red Apples">
Red Apples



</doc>
<doc id="6987893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987893" title="Macuspana">
Macuspana

Macuspana is a city in Macuspana Municipality in the south-central part of the state of Tabasco in southeastern Mexico. The city of Macuspana had a 2005 census population of 30,661 and is the fifth-largest city in the state. It is the municipal seat of the municipality of Macuspana, which has an area of 2,551.7 km2 (985.22 sq mi) and a population of 142,954, which includes numerous smaller communities. The largest of these communities is Benito Juárez (San Carlos).
It is the birthplace of Andrés Manuel López Obrador, the current Mexican President.
Name.
The etymology of Macuspana's name is uncertain. The "Enciclopedia de los municipios de México" offers three possible explanations:
Geography.
The geographical vicinity is also known as the Macuspana Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="6987894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987894" title="Nelson Abeijon">
Nelson Abeijon



</doc>
<doc id="6987895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987895" title="Raymond Swing">
Raymond Swing



</doc>
<doc id="6987898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987898" title="Rock Springs Riot">
Rock Springs Riot



</doc>
<doc id="6987899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987899" title="Kenasz">
Kenasz



</doc>
<doc id="6987901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987901" title="The New Shmoo">
The New Shmoo

The New Shmoo is an American animated television series based on the character from the "Li'l Abner" comic strip created by Al Capp, produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions and broadcast on NBC from September 22 to December 15, 1979.
"The New Shmoo" was broadcast as a stand-alone half-hour series from September 22 to December 1, 1979. Beginning December 8, 1979, the remaining five episodes of "The New Shmoo" were now incorporated into the 90-minute package show "Fred and Barney Meet the Shmoo" which also featured combined reruns of "Fred and Barney Meet the Thing". Despite the show's title, Fred, Barney, the Thing, and Shmoo only met each other in brief bumpers between their individual segments.
Plot.
Similar to "Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!" on CBS and later ABC, the show follows a group of teenagers—Mickey, Nita, and Billy Joe—who solve mysteries and crimes with their friend, Shmoo, a friendly bulbous creature who can stretch and shape his body into any form he wants. The teens worked for Mighty Mysteries Comics.
Production.
During the original NBC run, the program included a short segment called "Sing Along With The Shmoo". In a manner reminiscent of "Screen Songs", Shmoo became a bouncing ball, providing visual guidance to song lyrics so that viewers could sing along with the cartoon.
Broadcast history.
"The New Shmoo" originally aired in these following formats on NBC:

</doc>
<doc id="6987902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987902" title="Robotix (series)">
Robotix (series)



</doc>
<doc id="6987904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987904" title="Sigma Delta Chi Awards">
Sigma Delta Chi Awards



</doc>
<doc id="6987909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987909" title="Kim Dong-ryul">
Kim Dong-ryul

Kim Dong-ryul (; born March 15, 1974) is a South Korean singer-songwriter. He composes, arranges, writes lyrics, produces, and performs his own music. He has been active since 1993.
Career.
Exhibition era (1993–1997).
As an architectural major in Yonsei University, Kim Dong-ryul formed the duet Exhibition with his close friend, Seo Dong-wook. Dong-ryul composed their songs and played the piano while Dong-wook played bass guitar.
The duet became famous through an MBC University Song Festival in 1993. They emerged champion and won the special prize with the song "In Dreams" which Seo wrote and Kim composed. From then onwards, Kim began his career of singing, composing, and writing lyrics.
Exhibition's self-titled first album, which famous singer Shin Hae-cheol produced and featured on, was released in May 1994. Even though the duet were new figures in the world of popular music, they did the composing, piano, bass, and computer programming themselves. The album received positive reviews and climbed onto the top ten chart, going on to sell over 600,000 copies.
In 1994, Kim and Seo enlisted in military service together. Upon release, the duet released their second album "Strangers" in 1996. The album was also produced by Shin Hae-cheol, and instrumentalists Yi Byeong-woo, Kim Se-hwang, and Jeong Won-young participated in it. "Strangers" also received positive reviews from critics, but there was a plagiarism dispute regarding "A Testament", a song on the album. The song came under suspicion because of its similarity to "The Girl Who Fell from the Sky", from the soundtrack in Studio Ghibli's animated film "Laputa: Castle in the Sky". Experts decided that the main melody and ways of using instruments were similar, so "A Testament" became a dishonourable song for the duet.
In 1997, the duet decided to return to normal school life. They then released their last album "Graduation" with five songs which had special personal meanings for them. Especially, "First Love" which was composed by Kim Dong-ryul when he was 14 years old and "In Dreams" which was the song that made the duet very popular.
Carnival era.
After disbanding, Seo Dong-wook became a normal student. But Kim Dong-ryul said, "The only thing I can do is music." He created the project group Carnival with Lee Juck, with whom he became close with through the Jam concert of a popular radio program, "At Starry Nights". Both of them were 24, singers and composers. But their music styles were very different. Kim Dong-ryul's songs were still slightly naive and mostly standard classical ballads, while Lee Juck's songs were poignant and heretical.
The two decided to collaborate and their music was of the funk genre. They worked with world-famous brass session team, Jerry Hey, and Korean singer and jazz pianist, Kim Gwang-min; subsequently they released the album "Carnival" in 1997. It had a retro theme, and was a great success for them. They won the Golden Disc Award.
Solo era.
After the success of Carnival, Kim composed several popular songs such as "For a Thousand Days" for Lee Seung-hwan and "Show" for Kim Won-jun. In 1998, he released his first solo album "The Shadow of Forgetfulness" with a piano-based sound recalling early Elton John. Critics wrote that he had managed to create a new ballad style which featured classical and polished melodies. After the first album, he held his first solo concert on Christmas Day in 1998.
Even though he was already successful and a well-acknowledged artiste, Kim decided to study music more. He entered Berklee College of Music in 1999 and majored in film scoring. While studying there, he wanted to make real Korean-style music and he became more interested in Korean traditional music and culture.
At the end of his first academic year, he released his second solo album "Hope". In this album, he collaborated with not only the London Symphony Orchestra but also 'Samulnori' which is a traditional Korean percussion quartet. In 2001, he released his third solo album "Homecoming". He continued to integrate Korean traditional music and classical sound. The critics commented on this album that it had a well-rounded sound and the overall atmosphere was natural and stable.
After graduating top of his class, Kim returned to Korea and released his fourth solo album "Exposing" in 2004. The song "At Long Last" () from this album topped the KBS charts in April. Kim had tried to incorporate some new music styles in "Exposing", such as bossa nova, samba, and pop-opera. His music became more comprehensive and mature. Especially, song arrangements were more refined than before.
Kim Dong-ryul held his second solo concert in Seoul and Busan in August 2004 and released the live recording album "Invitation" in 2005. He put his music and experience of the past ten years into this recording album. From 2005 to 2007, he hosted the TV music program "Kim Dong-ryul's For You" and the radio program "Kim Dong-ryul's Music Island". A 'Best-Of' compilation album was released in 2007.
In 2008, Kim released his fifth album "Monologue". It peaked at number one on the charts and sold nearly 100,000 copies. This record was momentous to the Korean music industry because the rate of physical album sales then had been very low. Most songs from the album became very popular among all generations.
After this breakthrough, Kim held three concerts in 2008. All the advance tickets were sold out in less than 20 minutes. The concerts were designed to be full-scale in every way and Kim rearranged his songs to be accompanied by an orchestra.
In January 2018, Kim released an EP, "Reply", after a three-year hiatus which sold 14,374 copies in the first month of sales. In September of that year, he released a single titled "Song", which is an extension of his latest EP "Reply".

</doc>
<doc id="6987911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987911" title="Ulmus 'Morton Red Tip'">
Ulmus 'Morton Red Tip'

Ulmus 'Morton Red Tip' (selling name ) is a hybrid cultivar raised by the Morton Arboretum from an open pollination of "Ulmus" 'Morton'. The tree has occasionally been reported as a hybrid of with the Siberian Elm "Ulmus pumila", an error probably owing to the commercial propagation of the tree by grafting onto "U. pumila" rootstocks.
Tested in the US National Elm Trial coordinated by Colorado State University, averaged a survival rate of 77.5% after 10 years.
Description.
 has a graceful, vase-shaped habit resembling the American Elm "Ulmus americana" with foliage tinged red on emergence.
Pests and diseases.
Although resistant to Dutch elm disease in the US, is very susceptible to the elm leaf beetle "Xanthogaleruca luteola", Japanese Beetle, and Gypsy moth; it is also moderately preferred by cankerworms.
Cultivation.
 is very cold hardy; in artificial freezing tests at the arboretum the LT50 (temp. at which 50% of tissues die) was found to be −31 °C. However, the tree is notorious for its stem breakage owing to narrow crotch angles and included bark; in trials at the University of Minnesota it had the unhappy distinction of being the worst of 17 cultivars for breakage. The tree is currently being evaluated in the National Elm Trial coordinated by Colorado State University.
 is being promoted by the Chicagoland Grows corporation but is not widely available in the United States. Very rare in Europe, it is not known (2016) to have been introduced to Australasia.
Etymology.
The name Danada in is a conflation of the given names of Daniel F. and Ada L. Rice, whose eponymous Foundation helped sponsor the elm breeding program at the Morton Arboretum.

</doc>
<doc id="6987913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987913" title="Abeijon">
Abeijon



</doc>
<doc id="6987914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987914" title="Trevor Putney">
Trevor Putney

Trevor Anthony Putney (born 9 April 1960) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career.
Ipswich Town.
Putney began his professional football career fairly late in life when Bobby Robson and Ipswich Town signed him from non-league Brentwood FC, and went on to make 103 appearances. He was voted the club's player of the year by the supporters in 1984 amongst the likes of Wark, Burley, Cooper, Butcher, Osman, Gates and Mariner. He then joined the small band of players who have played for both Ipswich and Norwich City, when he joined the Canaries in the summer of 1986 in a player exchange deal that saw John Deehan join Ipswich.
Norwich City.
Putney spent three seasons with Norwich, making 100 appearances, and enjoying some of the club's best success, finishing 4th in the old First Division (now Premier League). A ban on English clubs playing in Europe due to the Heysel Stadium Disaster, prevented Putney and Norwich qualifying for the UEFA Cup. During the same season, a successful FA Cup run saw Norwich reach the Semi-Finals versus Everton at Villa Park. Everton ran out 1–0 winners thanks to a Pat Nevin goal - however the main headline of the day was the tragic news coming from the other Semi-Final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest at Hillsborough where sadly 96 people lost their lives and another 766 were injured.
The success at Norwich attracted the interest from many other top flight clubs and players soon started to depart; Mike Phelan (Manchester United), Andy Townsend (Chelsea), Andy Linighan (Arsenal) and Trevor joined Middlesbrough for a fee of £300,000 in 1989.
Middlesbrough.
Putney spent just two years at Middlesbrough which was hindered by a bad injury suffered in the Semi-Final win overAston Villa in the Zenith Data Systems Cup (Full Members Cup). Putney suffered breaks to his Tibia and Fibula after a late challenge from Gordon Cowans. Putney played few games after his return from injury and soon moved back down South (his home town is Romford) when he was signed by Steve Perryman for Watford FC in a swap plus cash deal, with Paul Wilkinson and Willie Falconer going the other way.
Watford.
At Watford, Putney was regarding as one of the senior pros amongst the likes of Peter Nicholas, Alan Devonshire, Andy Hessenthaler and Nigel Gibbs. This was offset by the upcoming young talent such as Paul Furlong, David James and Jason Drysdale. Probably Putney's most memorable match at Watford came in their 2–1 win over First Division (now Premier League) Champions, Leeds Utd, at Vicarage Road in the third-round of the Coca-Cola Cup (Football League Cup) which saw Putney awarded the Man-of-the-Match award for keeping the likes of Strachan, Cantona, McAllister and Speed at bay at the age of 32.
Leyton Orient.
After 52 league appearances for the Hornets, Glenn Roeder sold Putney to Leyton Orient, where he was rewarded with the club Captaincy by John Sitton amongst senior pros such as Gary Bellamy, Terry Howard, Glenn Cockerill and Colin West.
Colchester United.
After one season and 22 league appearances at Brisbane Road, Chris Turner sent Putney on loan to Essex club Colchester United, which then became a permanent deal in 1994 playing alongside the recognised Steve Whitton and Mark Kinsella. 
Putney retired from professional football after leaving Colchester United after one season and 28 league appearances in 1995.
He was known as a hard-tackling midfielder, the joker of the dressing room and easily distinguishable for his shock of white-blonde hair.
After retirement Putney had brief spells in commentary, hospitality, radio and scouting within the professional game.
During his playing days, Putney was reputed by his footballing colleagues as a prankster.
Honours.
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6987916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987916" title="Voluntary Marine Conservation Area">
Voluntary Marine Conservation Area

Voluntary Marine Conservation Area (VMCA) is a designation in the United Kingdom for areas of coastline which are of particular wildlife and scientific value that enjoy a level of voluntary protection.
VMCAs are run by a range of organisations and steering groups and are often supported by community or volunteer groups. VMCAs often aim to promote the Seashore Code as a means for the public to treat the coastline with care.
List of VMCAs.
The first VMCA to be set up was in Lundy, 1973.
Helford was designated in 1987. North Devon was established in 1994, spans the coast from Combe Martin to Croyde and is managed by Devon Wildlife Trust; Purbeck; and Wembury (Wembury Marine Centre).

</doc>
<doc id="6987924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987924" title="I Was a Stranger">
I Was a Stranger



</doc>
<doc id="6987925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987925" title="Andrea Ferrari (footballer)">
Andrea Ferrari (footballer)

Andrea Ferrari (born 1 June 1986) is an Italian football (soccer) goalkeeper. Despite having been designated the number 1 shirt, he was still the third choice goalkeeper at Atalanta B.C. In the season 2007/08, he went on loan at Monza.

</doc>
<doc id="6987944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987944" title="List of government enterprises of Norway">
List of government enterprises of Norway

This is a list of Norwegian government owned companies. In addition to this the government of Norway owns publicly traded stock domestically through Folketrygdfondet and internationally through The Government Pension Fund of Norway. The list is .

</doc>
<doc id="6987945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987945" title="Riccardo Zampagna">
Riccardo Zampagna

Riccardo Zampagna (born 15 November 1974) is an Italian former footballer who played as a striker.
Playing career.
After spending most of his career in the lower leagues (Serie C1, Serie C2 and D, from 2000 in the second tier), Zampagna finally debuted in Serie A with Messina. In January 2006, he signed with Atalanta B.C. (then in Serie B), achieving promotion that season, and scoring 11 times in the club's 2006–07 first division campaign.
On 19 November 2007, after displaying conduct detrimental to the team, he was suspended by coach Luigi Delneri and subsequently sold on the first day of January's transfer window, joining Vicenza (swapped with the remain 50% registration rights of Simone Padoin). In July 2008, Zampagna agreed to join newly promoted Serie B outfit Sassuolo for €1 million.
Managerial career.
He was manager of lower league side Macchie from 2013 to 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="6987948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987948" title="Zampagna">
Zampagna



</doc>
<doc id="6987949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987949" title="Zampagna, Riccardo">
Zampagna, Riccardo



</doc>
<doc id="6987952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987952" title="Proof of Concept">
Proof of Concept



</doc>
<doc id="6987957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987957" title="Kota Lok Sabha constituency">
Kota Lok Sabha constituency

Kota Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 25 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Rajasthan state in India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Kota Lok Sabha constituency comprises eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments. There are:

</doc>
<doc id="6987959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987959" title="Puerto Rican national basketball team">
Puerto Rican national basketball team



</doc>
<doc id="6987962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987962" title="Najibullah Lafraie">
Najibullah Lafraie

Najibullah Lafraie was the Minister of State for Foreign Affairs of Afghanistan between 1992 and 1996.
Education.
Lafraie obtained a BA in Law and Political Science from Kabul University. He later completed an MA and Ph.D. in Political Science from the University of Hawaii.
Career.
Lafraie returned to Afghanistan and joined the Afghan liberation movement against the Soviet invasion during the 1980s.
Lafraie was appointed as Minister of Information in the Interim Government of Afghanistan in 1989 and as Minister of State for Foreign Affairs in the Islamic State of Afghanistan in 1992. He served in that position until the Taliban seized Kabul in September 1996.
Lafraie and his family fled to Australasia in the late 1990s. He was refused refugee status in Australia in 1999. In September 2000 he was granted refugee status in New Zealand. He currently lectures in the Politics Department at the University of Otago.
Criticism.
Lafraie has been criticised by the Revolutionary Association of the Women of Afghanistan and Support Association for the Women of Afghanistan for his membership of Jamiat Islami, a group allegedly responsible for various atrocities during the 1990s.
At the time of being granted refugee status, the then leader of the opposition Jenny Shipley criticised Lafraie's involvement with the Afghan government and disagreed with the decision to grant him refugee status.

</doc>
<doc id="6987963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987963" title="FS La Fayette">
FS La Fayette



</doc>
<doc id="6987968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987968" title="The Greatest Hits (Lulu)">
The Greatest Hits (Lulu)



</doc>
<doc id="6987971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987971" title="Grey kangaroo">
Grey kangaroo

Grey kangaroo is a kangaroo that is grey. Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="6987978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987978" title="Mikko Vilmunen">
Mikko Vilmunen

Mikko Vilmunen (born 23 August 1980) is a Finnish football goalkeeper who plays for PS Kemi in Finland. Vilmunen was instrumental in the Drogheda United's 2007 Setanta Cup win, saving two penalties in the shoot out against Linfield.
Mikko joined Drogheda United in November 2006 from Haka where he was first choice keeper.
In January 2017, Vilmunen extended his contract with Palloseura Kemi Kings for an additional season.
Honours.
Haka:
Drogheda United

</doc>
<doc id="6987979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987979" title="Nuestra Señora del Rosario de Baruta">
Nuestra Señora del Rosario de Baruta

 Nuestra Señora del Rosario de Baruta is the seat of the Baruta Municipality in Miranda, Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="6987986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987986" title="The Amazing Nina Simone">
The Amazing Nina Simone

The Amazing Nina Simone is the second studio album by Nina Simone, released in July 1959. It was her second album, and her first recording for Colpix Records. The album contains a variety of material, including jazz, gospel, and folk songs. Compared to her debut, which showcased Simone's piano playing ability in addition to her singing, the piano was downplayed on "Amazing" in favor of string arrangements.
Overview.
Recording.
Simone's first album "Little Girl Blue" had been released by Bethlehem Records in February 1959. However, the tracks for that album had been recorded way back in late 1957, and Simone was dissatisfied by the time it took for Bethlehem to release the album as well as the lack of effort the record company took in promoting her. Soon after "Little Girl Blue" was released she was talking to Colpix Records about a new contract. As Nadine Cohodas puts it in "Princess Noire: The Tumultuous Reign of Nina Simone" (2010): 'Unbeknownst to Nina, discussions about her career were going forward on two fronts'. On the one hand, at Bethlehem, Simone's contract was approaching its option. New owner Syd Nathan, who ran King Records and who had recently bailed out the ailing Bethlehem, did not want to renew. 'We don't need the broad' he told Gus Wildi, Bethlehem's founder. On the other hand, Joyce Selznick (niece of the producer David O. Selznick and East Coast talent scout for Columbia Pictures) wanted Simone at Colpix - Columbia's record division. Selznick arranged an audition, and Simone was signed immediately.
The album was recorded in April 1959, and - according to Cohodas - 14 tracks were cut.
Release.
The album was released in July 1959. In a review dated 25 July 1959 in "Cash Box", the premier American music industry trade magazine of the time, the reviewer wrote: 'Emerging as one of the bright new singing talents of the year, Nina Simone makes her Colpix LP debut [...] Her deep-toned expressive voice and exquisite phrasing are a listening delight. Outstanding album.' The album featured 12 tracks.
Contemporary Singles from the album.
This is a list of contemporary singles with tracks from "The Amazing Nina Simone" as an A Side.
Between 1959 and 1963, Colpix issued 14 Nina Simone singles. The first two are listed above, with A Sides from "The Amazing Nina Simone". A number of subsequent singles which had A Sides taken from later albums or were non-album tracks would feature some cuts from "The Amazing Nina Simone" as B Sides. These are her third, fifth, eleventh, and twelfth Colpix singles.
Reissues.
"The Amazing Nina Simone" was reissued in 2005 with the same track listing but with four additional songs ('I Loves You Porgy', 'Falling In Love Again (I Can't Help It)', 'That's All', and 'The Man With A Horn'). All these songs were originally issued on "Nina Simone with Strings" (1966).

</doc>
<doc id="6987989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987989" title="Pilea pumila">
Pilea pumila

Pilea pumila, commonly known as clearweed, Canadian clearweed, coolwort or richweed, is an herbaceous plant in the nettle family (Urticaceae). It is native to Asia and eastern North America, where it is broadly distributed.
This plant is most often found in rich loamy soil, usually in moist to wet areas. Its natural habitat is in forests or other lightly shaded conditions. It is a common plant throughout its range, and forms large colonies where it is found. It grows in both high-quality habitats and in ecologically degraded areas. Due to its high tolerance for disturbance, it is often seen near buildings and as a garden weed.
Description.
"Pilea pumila" is an erect annual, growing 0.7 to 70 cm tall. The foliage is opposite, simple with dentate margins, wrinkly (with depressed veins), ovate, and with long petioles. Both the leaves and stems are translucent and bright green, turning bright yellow in autumn. The flowers are small, borne in axillary cymes, unisexual with both genders occurring on the same plant, greenish yellow, and pollinated by wind. Flowers bloom from midsummer through early autumn. Fruits (achenes) are green with purple markings. Roots are fibrous, shallow, and adventitious off the stem in moist areas or when in contact with the soil.
The plant is often mistaken for stinging nettle ("Urtica dioica"), but can be distinguished by the lack of trichomes, or stinging hairs, and the lower amount of branching of the inflorescences.
Taxonomy.
Three varieties of "Pilea pumila" are currently recognized. They are:
Among the typical widespread variety "pumila", minor differences do exist between the Asian and North American populations. Further taxonomic studies are needed to clarify what level of rank (if any) these differences warrant.
Uses.
Canadian clearweed is edible, but unpalatable. The plant can be used in classroom demonstrations of transpiration using food coloring due to its translucent stem. It was reportedly used medicinally by certain Native Americans for sinus issues, itch relief and to reduce hunger, and it is sometimes used as a diuretic in Asia.
Ecology.
The plant is host to various caterpillars, including the leaf-mining larvae of "Cosmopterix pulchrimella", as well as the aphid "Pseudasiphonaphis corni" and leafhopper "Empoasca recurvata".

</doc>
<doc id="6987997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6987997" title="Honorary titles of Russia">
Honorary titles of Russia

Honorary titles of the Russian Federation () are titles given to citizens of the Russian Federation for professional and/or social achievements, but can be revoked by a vote in the State Duma. Rejection of honorary titles cannot be vetoed by the President. The word translates as "Honoured".
During the period of the Soviet Union, a system of professional honorary titles was created to be used across the USSR to recognize outstanding personal professional achievements. The awards were also used in some other Eastern bloc states and communist countries. Post-Soviet states modeled some of their awards on the Soviet award system.
On 30 December 1995, Russian President Boris Yeltsin signed Presidential Decree № 1341 on the establishment of the system of honorary titles of the Russian Federation. Prior to that, the legal acts referred to honorary titles of the RSFSR. Most of the Soviet awards have been retained in the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="6988003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988003" title="Horrorpops">
Horrorpops



</doc>
<doc id="6988010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988010" title="Institute of Marine Engineering, Science and Technology">
Institute of Marine Engineering, Science and Technology

The Institute of Marine Engineering, Science and Technology (IMarEST) is the international membership body and learned society for marine professionals operating in the spheres of marine engineering, science, or technology. It has registered charity status in the UK. It has a worldwide membership of over 12,000 individuals based in over 128 countries. The institute is a member of the UK Science Council and a licensed body of the Engineering Council UK.
Overview.
The Institute of Marine Engineering, Science and Technology was the international membership body and learned society for professionals operating in the spheres of marine engineering, science, or technology.
The Institute envisions "a world where marine resources and activities are sustained, managed and developed for the benefit of humanity."
The mission of the institute is described as "to work within the global marine community to promote the scientific development of marine engineering, science and technology, providing opportunities for the exchange of ideas and practices and upholding the status, standards and knowledge of marine professionals worldwide."
IMarEST is also a publisher of books, periodicals, journals and papers related to marine engineering, science and technology, and organises meetings, events and conferences related to these themes. The institute is also the home of the Guild of Benevolence of the IMarEST, which continues the work of the fund founded for the families of the engineers of the Titanic, and which today provides help and funds for those seafarers and others who find themselves in hard times.
History.
The Institute of Marine Engineers had its headquarters at 88 Minories in the City of London. It changed its name to the IMarEST in 1999. It has since moved to a location in Westminster.
Since January 2024, its Chief Executive has been Chris Goldsworthy.
IMarEST topics.
International standing.
The IMarEST has special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations (ECOSOC) and is a nominated and licensed body of the Engineering Council (UK), a member of the Science Council and has links with many other maritime organisations worldwide.
The IMarEST's international dimension is reinforced by the activities of its divisions and branches located across the globe:
These branches provide a local focus to activities, networks, conferences, meetings and events, and for developing and maintaining links and partnerships with people and organisations in key regions in the marine world.
Members.
The IMarEST has different categories of membership for those who are seeking professional recognition (Corporate Membership), for those who are currently studying or just starting out in their careers or those who simply have a general interest in the IMarEST, its work, its members, events, publications or facilities (non-Corporate Membership).
IMarEST members include those working in:
...plus additional marine science, engineering and technology disciplines and applications.
Corporate membership categories.
IMarEST have defined three types of membership categories:
And two types of non-corporate membership categories: 
Registration.
In addition to Membership, the IMarEST is licensed to provide a range of professional registers covering the fields of engineering, science and technology. In addition, the IMarEST's Royal Charter empowers the institute to offer registers designed to meet the specific needs of the marine profession. Corporate members can become registered (chartered) as:
Magazines.
The IMarEST used to publish multiple professional magazines for the science, engineering and technology community, but in October 2014 amalgamated content from its five established and sector specific magazines (MER, Shipping World and Shipbuilder, Maritime IT &amp; Electronics, Offshore Technology and Marine Scientist) in to a single, generic publication. Marine Professional, published by Think Publishing. describes itself as "looking at the trends emerging within the marine sector with a view to enhance the reader's understanding of the complex technical intersections between the maritime, offshore and science agendas." It refers to itself as "the voice of marine…" It is published on a monthly basis and is distributed in print and online.
Technical and scientific journals.
In addition to the professional magazines outlined above, the IMarEST also publishes a number of subscription only, academic, peer-reviewed journals which present international research papers describing the latest discoveries, developments and advances in the marine sector.
Both the Journal of Marine Engineering &amp; Technology and the Journal of Operational Oceanography are peer-reviewed and are included in the Science Citation Index Expanded.
Editors: Dr J Wang (Liverpool John Moores University) and CDR(E) Rinze Geertsma, (Royal Netherlands Naval Academy)
Editor: Prof Ralph Rayner, CMarSci, FIMarEST, London School of Economics (LSE)
Papers published in the JMET and the JOO are eligible for the IMarEST Denny Medal, a special annual prize awarded to the authors of the best paper in each Journal.
Books.
IMarEST Publications produces books for marine students, engineers and technologists with Witherby Publishing Group. The following is a selection of some of the book titles published by IMarEST:
Events and conferences.
A number of technical and scientific conferences are organised and run by the IMarEST annually. Producing their own conference proceedings, they offer an opportunity to learn of the latest marine research. Examples include:
The IMarEST develops a programme of evening lectures each year covering general and specific technical and scientific topics. Recordings of these lectures and any associated slides will be available for members to access online. Examples of lectures include:
In addition, branches also have their own technical and social events which are advertised through the IMarEST website and publications.

</doc>
<doc id="6988012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988012" title="Rising Star award">
Rising Star award



</doc>
<doc id="6988015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988015" title="Juuso Kangaskorpi">
Juuso Kangaskorpi

Juuso Kangaskorpi (born 1975) is a Finnish football defender and manager who currently is player-manager of for the Ykkönen side Mikkelin Palloilijat. Kangaskorpi was a long-time captain of FC Haka in Veikkausliiga and coached the clubs A-juniors in 2008 before returning to his hometown club. He won the Finnish Cup with his side FC Haka in 2002 and 2005.
He has six caps for the Finland national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="6988032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988032" title="Citroen AX">
Citroen AX



</doc>
<doc id="6988033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988033" title="Spooky walk">
Spooky walk



</doc>
<doc id="6988038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988038" title="Wādy Yarmūk">
Wādy Yarmūk



</doc>
<doc id="6988041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988041" title="Marine current power">
Marine current power

Marine currents can carry large amounts of water, largely driven by the tides, which are a consequence of the gravitational effects of the planetary motion of the Earth, the Moon and the Sun. Augmented flow velocities can be found where the underwater topography in straits between islands and the mainland or in shallows around headlands plays a major role in enhancing the flow velocities, resulting in appreciable kinetic energy. The Sun acts as the primary driving force, causing winds and temperature differences. Because there are only small fluctuations in current speed and stream location with minimal changes in direction, ocean currents may be suitable locations for deploying energy extraction devices such as turbines. Other effects such as regional differences in temperature and salinity and the Coriolis effect due to the rotation of the earth are also major influences. The kinetic energy of marine currents can be converted in much the same way that a wind turbine extracts energy from the wind, using various types of open-flow rotors.
Energy potential.
The total worldwide power in ocean currents has been estimated to be about 5,000 GW, with power densities of up to 15 kW/m2. The relatively constant extractable energy density near the surface of the Florida Straits Current is about 1 kW/m2 of flow area. It has been estimated that capturing just 1/1,000th of the available energy from the Gulf Stream, which has 21,000 times more energy than Niagara Falls in a flow of water that is 50 times the total flow of all the world's freshwater rivers, would supply Florida with 35% of its electrical needs. The image to the right illustrates the high density of flow along the coast, note the high velocity white northward flow, perfect for extraction of ocean current energy. Countries that are interested in and pursuing the application of ocean current energy technologies include the European Union, Japan, the United States, and China.
The potential of electric power generation from marine tidal currents is enormous. There are several factors that make electricity generation from marine currents very appealing when compared to other renewables:
Technologies for marine-current-power generation.
There are several types of open-flow devices that can be used in marine-current-power applications; many of them are modern descendants of the water wheel or similar. However, the more technically sophisticated designs, derived from wind-power rotors, are the most likely to achieve enough cost-effectiveness and reliability to be practical in a massive marine-current-power future scenario. Even though there is no generally accepted term for these open-flow hydro turbines, some sources refer to them as water-current turbines. There are three main types of water current turbines that might be considered: axial-flow horizontal-axis propellers (with both variable-pitch or fixed-pitch), underwater kites and cross-flow Darrieus rotors. 
The rotor types may be combined with any of the three main methods for supporting water-current turbines:
floating moored systems, sea-bed mounted systems, and intermediate systems. Sea-bed-mounted monopile structures constitute the first-generation marine current power systems. They have the advantage of using existing (and reliable) engineering know-how, but they are limited to relatively shallow waters (about depth).
History and application.
The possible use of marine currents as an energy resource began to draw attention in the mid-1970s after the first oil crisis. In 1974 several conceptual designs were presented at the MacArthur Workshop on Energy, and in 1976 the British General Electric Co. undertook a partially government-funded study which concluded that marine current power deserved more detailed research. Soon after, the ITD-Group in UK implemented a research program involving a year of performance testing of a 3-m hydroDarrieus rotor deployed at Juba on the White Nile.
The 1980s saw a number of small research projects to evaluate marine current power systems. The main countries where studies were carried out were the UK, Canada, and Japan. In 1992–1993 the Tidal Stream Energy Review identified specific sites in UK waters with suitable current speed to generate up to 58 TWh/year. It confirmed a total marine current power resource capable theoretically of meeting some 19% of the UK electricity demand.
In 1994–1995 the EU-JOULE CENEX project identified over 100 European sites ranging from 2 to 200 km2of sea-bed area, many with power densities above 10 MW/km2.
Both the UK Government and the EU have committed themselves to internationally negotiated agreements designed to combat global warming. In order to comply with such agreements, an increase in large-scale electricity generation from renewable resources will be required. Marine currents have the potential to supply a substantial share of future EU electricity needs. The study of 106 possible sites for tidal turbines in the EU showed a total potential for power generation of about 50 TWh/year. If this resource is to be successfully utilized, the technology required could form the basis of a major new industry to produce clean power for the 21st century.
Contemporary applications of these technologies can be found here: List of tidal power stations. Since the effects of tides on ocean currents are so large, and their flow patterns are quite reliable, many ocean current energy extraction plants are placed in areas of high tidal flow rates.
Research on marine current power is conducted at, among others, Uppsala University in Sweden, where a test unit with a straight-bladed Darrieus type turbine has been constructed and placed in the Dal river in Sweden.
Environmental effects.
Ocean currents are instrumental in determining the climate in many regions around the world. While little is known about the effects of removing ocean current energy, the impacts of removing current energy on the farfield environment may be a significant environmental concern. The typical turbine issues with blade strike, entanglement of marine organisms, and acoustic effects still exists; however, these may be magnified due to the presence of more diverse populations of marine organisms using ocean currents for migration purposes. Locations can be further offshore and therefore require longer power cables that could affect the marine environment with electromagnetic output.
The Tethys database provides access to scientific literature and general information on the potential environmental effects of ocean current energy.

</doc>
<doc id="6988042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988042" title="Pendlebury (disambiguation)">
Pendlebury (disambiguation)

Pendlebury is part of Greater Manchester in England. Pendlebury may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6988043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988043" title="Kangaskorpi">
Kangaskorpi

Kangaskorpi is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6988056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988056" title="Petri Viljanen">
Petri Viljanen

Petri Viljanen is a Finnish football referee and retired football player.
Player career.
He played four seasons in the Finnish top division Veikkausliiga and won the Finnish Cup with his side FC Haka in 2005. Viljanen was a member of the Finnish squad in the 2009 UEFA U-21 Championship.
Referee.
Viljanen made his Finnish premier division debut in June 2014 by officiating the match between FC Inter and MYPA. In July he was nominated as one of the referees of the 2014 Nordic Under-17 Football Championship in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="6988059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988059" title="Ingrīda Kadaka">
Ingrīda Kadaka

Ingrīda Kadaka (born 29 July 1967, in Riga, Latvia) is an artist and book designer and illustrator, best known for her work in the media of oil painting and etching. She matriculated at the Art Academy of Latvia (1989), from which she received her BA (1993) and MA (1995). She has been a member of the Artists' Union of Latvia since 1997, and has exhibited frequently in solo and group shows in her native country; she was awarded grants by the State Culture Capital Foundation of Latvia in 2003 and 2005. Her work is noteworthy for its exploitation of folklore motifs, brilliant color, simple and striking forms, and humor; in these respects, a comparison with the art of Marc Chagall would strike some viewers as apropos.

</doc>
<doc id="6988065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988065" title="Slovakian Cup">
Slovakian Cup



</doc>
<doc id="6988068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988068" title="Eliptical machine">
Eliptical machine



</doc>
<doc id="6988073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988073" title="Nanovid microscopy">
Nanovid microscopy

Nanovid microscopy, from "nanometer video-enhanced microscopy", is a microscopic technique aimed at visualizing colloidal gold particles of 20–40 nm diameter (nanogold, immunogold) as dynamic markers at the light-microscopic level. The nanogold particles as such are smaller than the diffraction limit of light, but can be visualized by using video-enhanced differential interference contrast (VEDIC). The technique is based on the use of contrast enhancement by video techniques and digital image processing. Nanovid microscopy, by combining small colloidal gold probes with video-enhanced quantitative microscopy, allows studying the intracellular dynamics of specific proteins in living cells.

</doc>
<doc id="6988074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988074" title="Viljanen">
Viljanen

Viljanen is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6988075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988075" title="King Kapisi">
King Kapisi

Bill Rangi Urale (born 1974), known by his stage name King Kapisi, is a New Zealand hip hop recording artist. He was the first hip hop artist in New Zealand to receive the Silver Scroll Award at the APRA Awards for Songwriter of the Year for his single "Reverse Resistance" in 1999.
Career.
King Kapisi signed as an artist with Festival Mushroom Records (NZ). In 2000 he released his critically acclaimed debut album "Savage Thoughts", followed by a second album, "2nd Round Testament", released in New Zealand and Australia in 2003. Local sales for both albums hit the gold status mark. King Kapisi also achieved gold with his single "U Can't Resist Us", featuring New Zealand hip hop icon Che Fu in 2003.
International acts.
King Kapisi has performed alongside Afrika Bambaata, Janet Jackson, Moby, The Black Eyed Peas, Beastie Boys, Michael Franti and Spearhead, Red Hot Chili Peppers and many more. He has performed at almost every major music festival and event in New Zealand as well as tours to Australia, Japan, Fiji, Hawaii, Tonga, New York City, London, Toronto, Germany, Ireland, France and Norway.
In 2003, King Kapisi represented New Zealand at the Central Park birthday celebrations in New York City where he was also invited to play at the first old school hip hop reunion in Crotona Park, South Bronx. He played alongside legends such as The Furious Five, Cold Crush Brothers, Jazzy Jay and The Rocksteady Crew. King Kapisi was also given the opportunity to record a track with the legendary Kay Gee from the Cold Crush Brothers. The European leg of his 2003 overseas trip saw him perform a showcase at the international music conference POPKOMM in Cologne, Germany. He also spent time in Kaiserslautern, Germany recording with Germany-based American producer, Smitty K.
In 2004, Kapisi was invited by the German government as part of its new initiative scheme to promote cultural exchanges between New Zealand and Germany. Having supported German rap star MC Clueso in a New Zealand tour, Kapisi headed back to Germany to attend the POPKOMM music conference for a second time with Goethe-Institute playing host. Kapisi had the opportunity to record two tracks with German music producers Trickski and Slope from the Sonar Kollectiv record company. Kapisi also produced tracks for various local hip hop artists in Berlin, Amsterdam, Dublin, Toronto and Sydney.
Lyrics.
King Kapisi's music and lyrics raise issues relevant to Pacific Island people living in New Zealand. He often challenges the role of Christianity and the church in contemporary Samoan society which is deeply devout. King Kapisi believes his music to be deeply connected to the culture of the Pacific people.
King Kapisi attempts to keep his music "real" by rapping about his Pacific heritage and the hip hop scene. He uses hip hop to promote the message of "keeping it real" through your culture, learning your language, and knowing "where you are from." Kapisi's lyrics and imagery have explored his complex post-Diaspora Pacific immigrant identity. He is a prime example of how New Zealand MC's are able to rap about their Diasporic identity in the text of their rap lyrics. Kapisi is now reaching out to the bigger global market. The transfer of Samoan hip hop identity to the US is something that already exists with artists who have settled and embraced their cultural heritage.
Samoa.
King Kapisi is from Samoa and New Zealand. His extended family is from the island of Savaii. His family are from the villages of Fagamalo, Matavai &amp; Faletagaloa, Falealupo and Safaatoa in Lefaga district.
Overstayer Label.
In 2002, he started his own urban streetwear clothing label Overstayer Clothing. The name Overstayer refers to the infamous Dawn Raid era during the 1970s in New Zealand, when Pacific Islander overstayers were the prime target by the government using controversial means, even though the highest number of overstayers in the country at the time were Europeans. In 2003 and 2004, King Kapisi was awarded the Westfield Style Pasifika Designer Award giving the hip hop artist the opportunity to showcase his street label in the coveted international annual Air New Zealand Fashion Week in 2003. Overstayer Clothing was the first local street label to be sold in Farmers in New Zealand. The label is now available through selected outlets and his web store, The Plantation Store.
Honours and awards.
In the 2022 Queen's Birthday and Platinum Jubilee Honours, Urale was appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to music and the community.

</doc>
<doc id="6988081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988081" title="Laura Rees">
Laura Rees

Laura Rees is a British actress from Northampton.
In 2003, she played the role of Gina the record executive in Richard Curtis' blockbuster romantic comedy "Love Actually" (2003). Other film work includes the short "The Dentist", directed by Stephen Frears and Pierre Tatarka.
She has also appeared on television in "Holby City", "Where the Heart Is", "Murder in Mind", and as Morgana in "Young Arthur".
In 2004 she starred in the Doctor Who audio series "Dalek Empire III".
Her stage credits include Lavinia in "Titus Andronicus" and Luciana in "The Comedy of Errors" at Shakespeare's Globe. In 2004, she played Ophelia in "Hamlet", directed by Yukio Ninagawa. In 2003, she appeared in "Brand" for the Royal Shakespeare Company, directed by Adrian Noble.
Masterpiece Mystery – "Inspector Lewis" – Series 2 Episode 4 – she played Beatrice Donnelly.
Her radio credits include the lead role in a two-part adaptation of "Ruth", by Elizabeth Gaskell, first broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in August 2009. Other BBC radio appearances include adaptations of Josephine Tey's "The Franchise Affair" (2005), Sei Shōnagon's "The Pillow Book" (2008 and 2010), Paul Gallico's "The Lonely" (2010), Euripides' "Helen" (2011), and Edward Bulwer-Lytton's "Money" (2011).
Rees trained at the Academy Drama School and at the Royal Welsh College of Music &amp; Drama, where she was the recipient of the Prudence Emilyn-Jones prize in Movement, Dance and Ballet.
She was scheduled to return to the RSC to play Juliet in "Romeo and Juliet" in 2008. However, she withdrew from the production in October due to labyrinthitis and vestibular neuritis.
Laura is currently an active member of the London-based artistic collective The Factory Theatre Company appearing in their performances of Round One and The Seagull Experiment all around London. Other Factory members include Alex Hassell, Catherine Bailey, Jemima Rooper, Alan Morrissey and John Hopkins.
In 2012 she played Lady Windermere in the Royal Exchange theatre's production of "Lady Windermere's Fan".

</doc>
<doc id="6988087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988087" title="Drag act">
Drag act



</doc>
<doc id="6988093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988093" title="Nina Simone and Her Friends">
Nina Simone and Her Friends

Nina Simone and Her Friends is an album released in 1960 by the Bethlehem Records label, that compiled songs by jazz singers Nina Simone, Carmen McRae and Chris Connor. All three artists had left the label and signed with other companies by the time Bethlehem released this album. The numbers by Simone - with the exception of her 1959 hit single "I Loves You, Porgy" were "left overs" from the recording sessions for her 1959 debut album "Little Girl Blue" and released without her knowledge. The tracks by Connor and McRae had already been issued together this way, as "Bethlehem's Girlfriends", in 1956, accompanied by the debut recording session of Julie London.

</doc>
<doc id="6988100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988100" title="Nina simone and friends">
Nina simone and friends



</doc>
<doc id="6988102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988102" title="George W. Tibbetts">
George W. Tibbetts

 
George W. Tibbetts (January 22, 1845 – March 8, 1924) was a merchant and hops farmer in Washington during the mid-to-late 19th century. He was known as a critic of Chinese labor being used in place of white labor.
Riot in Issaquah.
Tibbetts served as Justice of the Peace in Squak, Washington, which is present day Issaquah. He gave a firsthand account to early historian of the west Hubert Howe Bancroft of the violence against Chinese hops pickers on the night of September 7, 1885, in Squak.
Tibbetts was charged as an accessory in relation to the case because he refused to help the Chinese on their way to the Wold brothers' farm but nothing ever came of the charges.
Tibbetts in the lodges.
Before the violence of 1885 Tibbetts helped found multiple lodges around the region. In October 1874 he helped charter one of the King County's earliest Patrons of Husbandry lodges. Later, after the violence at Squak, he chartered several other lodges in the Issaquah area. By the time it was called Gilman, no longer Squak, Tibbetts was a charter member of the Gilman Odd Fellows Lodge. In 1890 he was an original member of the Knights of Pythias lodge in Issaquah.
Mercantile work.
Tibbetts owned several businesses in Issaquah and was a well known merchant. In 1881 he built a large store and a hotel on his farm. The next year he established a stage coach line from Newcastle to Squak and eventually to North Bend. He operated his coach line in conjunction with the Columbia and Puget Sound Railroad.
After the town of Squak/Gilman/Issaquah was platted Tibbetts built a two story building and moved his business into it. This was Issquah's first mercantile house, it would later be occupied by the Issaquah Coal Company.
In 1878 Tibbetts took over as town Postmaster from William Pickering, who had served since 1870. Tibbetts moved the post office into his store and remained in the position until 1886. In 1888 he, along with Isaac Cooper, Thomas Rowley and William Moore organized the Issaquah Water Company.

</doc>
<doc id="6988104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988104" title="Barefoot Books">
Barefoot Books

Barefoot Books is an independent children's book publisher. Founded in England on 9 September 1992. The company in now based in Concord, Massachusetts, United States as of 2021.
History.
The company began as a home business in 1992 and was founded in England by Nancy Traversy and Tessa Strickland. Barefoot Books are sold via several outlets, including through the company's "Barefoot Books Community Book Seller" program. Book Sellers are individuals who sell Barefoot Books products through home parties, community, and school events.
Barefoot Books creates picture books, activity decks, board books, animated singalongs and educational content for children aged 0–12, covering themes including early learning &amp; concept building, social-emotional learning, global awareness, health &amp; wellness, and sustainability &amp; STEAM. Their popular singalong videos available on YouTube have garnered nearly half a billion views. Barefoot's highly-anticipated Autumn 2023 Catalog consists of over 20 new titles including the "Kirkus" starred reviewed and graphic-novel-adjacent picture book, "Stranded!", as well as five new additions to their critically-acclaimed "Our World" series that follows days in the lives of children around the world. This series will also be included in the collection of dual-language editions Barefoot plans to release in Spring 2024, with each book translated into the language native to the country it features.
By 2006, Barefoot Books had released more than 400 books. In March 2012, the company released The Barefoot World Atlas app. In 2017, they were named by Forbes as one of the 25 Best Small Companies in America.
Barefoot was the first children's book publisher on Faire, the B2B online marketplace that launched in 2017.
In 2018, Barefoot partnered with Little Passports and Kiwi which made it the first children's publisher to participate in subscription boxes. With the subscription boxes, sales grew over 350% before 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="6988110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988110" title="Bimān">
Bimān



</doc>
<doc id="6988114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988114" title="Honda Accord Euro">
Honda Accord Euro



</doc>
<doc id="6988118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988118" title="Pozhar (comics)">
Pozhar (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6988121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988121" title="Arithmetic and geometric Frobenius">
Arithmetic and geometric Frobenius

In mathematics, the Frobenius endomorphism is defined in any commutative ring "R" that has characteristic "p", where "p" is a prime number. Namely, the mapping φ that takes "r" in "R" to "r""p" is a ring endomorphism of "R".
The image of φ is then "R""p", the subring of "R" consisting of "p"-th powers. In some important cases, for example finite fields, φ is surjective. Otherwise φ is an endomorphism but not a ring "automorphism".
The terminology of geometric Frobenius arises by applying the spectrum of a ring construction to φ. This gives a mapping
of affine schemes. Even in cases where "R""p" = "R" this is not the identity, unless "R" is the prime field. 
Mappings created by fibre product with φ*, i.e. base changes, tend in scheme theory to be called "geometric Frobenius". The reason for a careful terminology is that the Frobenius automorphism in Galois groups, or defined by transport of structure, is often the inverse mapping of the geometric Frobenius. As in the case of a cyclic group in which a generator is also the inverse of a generator, there are in many situations two possible definitions of Frobenius, and without a consistent convention some problem of a minus sign may appear.

</doc>
<doc id="6988122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988122" title="Keynesian formula">
Keynesian formula



</doc>
<doc id="6988126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988126" title="Mikko Innanen (footballer)">
Mikko Innanen (footballer)

Mikko Innanen (born 8 September 1982) is a Finnish football coach and a former midfielder. He is the manager of Ilves-Kissat.

</doc>
<doc id="6988127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988127" title="Arithmetic Frobenius">
Arithmetic Frobenius



</doc>
<doc id="6988128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988128" title="Jonathan Johansson">
Jonathan Johansson



</doc>
<doc id="6988130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988130" title="Bikaner Lok Sabha constituency">
Bikaner Lok Sabha constituency

Bikaner Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 25 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Rajasthan state in India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Bikaner Lok Sabha constituency comprises eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments. These are:
Election results.
2019.
 
2014.
 
2009.
 
2004.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6988133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988133" title="TrekStor Vibez">
TrekStor Vibez

The TrekStor Vibez is a microdrive digital audio player released on November 15, 2006. It is available in 8 GB and 12 GB capacities.
Flash versions of the Vibez player with 4 and 8 GB capacity were announced in 2007, but did not materialize for a while. A 16-gigabyte Vibez with flash memory was reviewed by German computer magazine "c't" in early July 2008. The cancellation of the flash-based units has been confirmed by Trekstor in e-mail messages to customers.
Features.
The Vibez's chipset, the SigmaTel 3600 SoC, natively supports almost all features originally included in the Rio Karma (with the exception of the Karma's networking features), as well as some new and/or improved features, including:

</doc>
<doc id="6988135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988135" title="Geometric Frobenius">
Geometric Frobenius



</doc>
<doc id="6988136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988136" title="Beat pattern">
Beat pattern



</doc>
<doc id="6988139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988139" title="Leftlion">
Leftlion



</doc>
<doc id="6988143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988143" title="Inverse mapping">
Inverse mapping



</doc>
<doc id="6988148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988148" title="Boys Ranch Independent School District">
Boys Ranch Independent School District

Boys Ranch Independent School District is a public school district in Oldham County, Texas (USA).
Finances.
The Boys Ranch School District serves Cal Farley's Boys Ranch, a facility for at-risk boys and girls primarily from the local area but also for youth worldwide. Boys Ranch is a non-profit entity. Unlike other Texas school districts, Boys Ranch has no taxable base. Instead, Boys Ranch relies on donor contributions.
As of the 2010-2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $0. The maintenance tax rate was $0.000 and the bond tax rate was $0.000, per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "academically unacceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. Six percent of districts in Texas in 2011 received the same rating. No state accountability ratings will be given to districts in 2012. A school district in Texas can receive one of four possible rankings from the Texas Education Agency: Exemplary (the highest possible ranking), Recognized, Academically Acceptable, and Academically Unacceptable (the lowest possible ranking).
Historical district TEA accountability ratings
Schools.
In the 2011–2012 school year, the district operated four schools.
Boys Ranch the institution includes a boarding program.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Boys Ranch High School participates in boys' sports, such as baseball, basketball, football, and wrestling. The school participates in the girls' sport of basketball. For the 2012 through 2014 school years, Boys Ranch High School will play football in UIL Class 2A Division II. The school football team made its first-ever playoff appearance in 2008. The school cross-country team has never lost a district title since it picked up the program in 1981. It has also won 8 state titles and 10+ state runners-up.

</doc>
<doc id="6988149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988149" title="Boys Ranch ISD">
Boys Ranch ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6988154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988154" title="Ray Stewart (Scottish footballer)">
Ray Stewart (Scottish footballer)

Raymond Struan McDonald Stewart (born 7 September 1959) is a Scottish former footballer, who played as a defender for Dundee United, West Ham United, St Johnstone and Stirling Albion. During his career he won the 1980 FA Cup with West Ham and played in 10 full internationals for Scotland. Nicknamed Tonka, Stewart was renowned for his shooting, which meant that he scored 70 league goals during his career (mostly from penalties). After his playing career ended he managed Livingston, Stirling Albion and Forfar Athletic.
Club career.
Dundee United.
Stewart was born in Stanley, Perthshire. He played local football with Errol Rovers in the Dundee Sunday Boys' League before joining Dundee United in May 1973, turning down offers from other clubs including Glasgow Rangers. He made his debut days before his 17th birthday against Celtic where, playing as a midfielder, he was tasked with marking Kenny Dalglish. He was voted SPFA Young Player of the Year in 1979.
West Ham United.
After three seasons with Dundee United he came to the attention of West Ham United. Turning down an initial bid of £175,000 he transferred to West Ham for a fee of £430,000 in 1979 making him the most expensive teenage footballer at the time. Stewart made his West Ham debut on 4 September 1979, playing as a defender, in a League Cup game against Barnsley. His first West Ham goal, a penalty, came on 29 September 1979 in a 2–1 home win against Burnley. In 1980 West Ham won the FA Cup. Stewart was West Ham's top scorer playing a vital part in their victory, including two goals in the fourth round against Leyton Orient and a last minute penalty winner in the quarter-final against Aston Villa. In the semi-final replay on 16 April 1980, against Everton, Stewart was moved into central defence replacing an injured Alvin Martin. The following season Stewart was a vital member of the team which won the 1980–81 Football League Division Two, playing 41 games and scoring five goals, all penalties.
Renowned for his ability as a penalty taker he only missed 10 out of 86 penalties he took. One of his penalties came in the 1–1 draw with Liverpool in the 1981 Football League Cup Final, West Ham however lost the replay.
Stewart continued to be an important member of the West Ham side throughout the 1980s including scoring six goals, again all penalties, in their highest finish of third, in the Football League in 1985–86; a season in which he finished third highest scorer for West Ham behind Tony Cottee and Frank McAvennie. In 1989, with West Ham fighting a relegation battle, Stewart suffered a serious injury in the first half of a game in January against Derby County. He ruptured two of the four ligaments around his knee including the main anterior cruciate ligament. He was out-of-action for fourteen months. He returned in a reserve team game in March 1990 and played seven games in a month in a bid to get fit. This proved to be too many games and he needed a further operation on his knee. He returned for the beginning of the 1990–91 season having been recalled by new West Ham manager, Billy Bonds. His injury, along with further problems with hamstring injuries, meant his appearances became fewer with none at all between January 1989 and April 1991. He made a substitute appearance in West Ham's 4–0 1991 FA Cup semi-final defeat to Nottingham Forest on 14 April 1991 coming on to replace Martin Allen and just five in the West Ham side which won promotion from the 1990–91 Second Division. His last game came on 4 May 1991 in a 1–1 draw at Selhurst Park against Charlton Athletic Following his run of injuries, aged 31, Stewart was not offered a further contract and was released on a free transfer.
Stewart scored 84 goals, all but six being penalties, in 434 games for West Ham. Despite playing in defence he was sent off only twice in his West Ham career, neither for fouls committed but on both occasions for comments made to referees or linesmen in games against Aston Villa and Liverpool. In all of West Ham's three FA Cup triumphs, 1964, 1975 and 1980, he is also notable as the only non-English player to appear in any of the West Ham winning teams. He became a favourite with the fans who nicknamed him "Tonka" after Tonka Toys, which were described as 'indestructible'.
St Johnstone.
In 1991 Stewart returned to Scotland, to play for St Johnstone and in 1994, briefly for Stirling Albion.
International career.
Following his performances with newly promoted West Ham in the 1980–81 season, Stewart was called up by manager Jock Stein for Scotland making his debut on 15 May 1981 against Wales in Swansea. A sending-off following an incident with Mark Hateley in an under 21 game against England at Hampden Park in April 1982 cost him his place in that year's Scotland World Cup squad and he did not play international football under Stein but was recalled under new Scotland manager Andy Roxburgh, playing three more games. He made ten appearances in all, scoring one goal in a 2–0 win against Northern Ireland on 19 May 1981 at Hampden in the British Home Championship.
Managerial career.
In 1998, Stewart began his career as a manager, with spells at Livingston, Stirling Albion and Forfar Athletic. He was sacked in 2000 by Livingston as their directors believed he was not capable of guiding the club to the top tier of Scottish football. His two-season stint with Stirling Albion came to an end in 2002 when he was told his contract would not be renewed after Stirling had been relegated to the Third Division. His last managerial post, with Forfar Athletic, came to an end in November 2004 when he was sacked after a 5–1 first round Scottish Cup defeat by Montrose.

</doc>
<doc id="6988159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988159" title="French ship La Fayette">
French ship La Fayette

Two ships of the French Navy have borne the name "La Fayette", in honour of Gilbert du Motier, marquis de La Fayette:

</doc>
<doc id="6988160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988160" title="Canons Regular of Our Saviour">
Canons Regular of Our Saviour



</doc>
<doc id="6988163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988163" title="Chremonidean war">
Chremonidean war



</doc>
<doc id="6988171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988171" title="Ferraiolo">
Ferraiolo

The ferraiolo (also ferraiuolo, ferraiolone) is a type of cape traditionally worn by clergy in the Catholic Church on formal, non-liturgical occasions. It can be worn over the shoulders, or behind them, extends in length to the ankles, is tied in a bow by narrow strips of cloth at the front, and does not have any 'trim' or piping on it.
History.
The ferraiolo originated as a knee-length item of clothing for Roman nobility. It became a church garment in the 15th century when colours were associated with ranks in the church hierarchy.
Colour and material.
The colour of the ferraiolo is determined by the rank of the cleric, being black for secular priests, violet for protonotaries apostolic and bishops, and scarlet for cardinals.
Before 1969, members of religious orders could use a ferraiolo that matched the color of their habit. The colors also changed during sede vacante.
Cardinals, and patriarchs who are not cardinals, use a ferraiolo of watered silk. Archbishops, bishops and protonotaries may use silk but not watered silk, unless specifically permitted. Lesser prelates may use faille but should use wool and wear the ferraiolo behind the shoulders.
Use.
Pope Paul VI encouraged wearing the ferraiolo at formal, non-liturgical occasions.
The Pope may use a cape but does not wear a ferraiolo.

</doc>
<doc id="6988179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988179" title="Damage Control">
Damage Control



</doc>
<doc id="6988180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988180" title="Barry James Marshall">
Barry James Marshall



</doc>
<doc id="6988186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988186" title="Paul Burgess (athlete)">
Paul Burgess (athlete)

Paul Burgess (born 14 August 1979) is an Australian pole vaulter who became the thirteenth pole vaulter in the world to vault over 6 metres.
Biography.
Burgess was originally a gymnast, winning a silver medal at the Australian National Gymnastics Championships as a thirteen-year-old. Having grown too tall to continue with gymnastics, testing at the Western Australian Institute of Sport suggested that Burgess was suited to pole vault. By 1996, Burgess had won the gold medal at the 1996 Sydney World Junior Championships, clearing a then-personal best of 5.35 metres. Later that year Burgess set the under 18 Australian record of 5.51 metres. In 1998, Burgess finished second at the 1998 Commonwealth Games, third at the World Junior Championships and seventh at the World Cup.
Burgess finished second at the East Asian Games in 2001, clearing 5.50 metres. In 2002, Burgess finished fifth at the World Cup, clearing 5.20 metres.
At his second Olympics in 2004, Burgess finished eleventh at 5.55 metres, although he had cleared 5.70 metres in the qualifying rounds.
It was, however, in 2005 that Burgess's form improved dramatically, clearing 5.91 metres, 5.95 metres and then 6.00 metres in domestic competition. These were, at the time, the three highest vaults on Australian soil.
Burgess ended the 2006 European season as the number two ranked pole vaulter (behind training partner Steven Hooker), having won the World Athletics Final on 10 September 2006. Burgess won US$30,000 in the process.
He was named Western Australian Sports Star of the Year in January 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6988192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988192" title="Component Units, British 48th (South Midland) Infantry Division (World War II)">
Component Units, British 48th (South Midland) Infantry Division (World War II)



</doc>
<doc id="6988194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988194" title="French aircraft carrier La Fayette">
French aircraft carrier La Fayette

La Fayette was an 11,000-ton that served the French Navy from 1951 to 1963. She was the first French vessel named after the 18th century general Marquis de Lafayette. She was initially USS "Langley" (CVL-27) serving the United States Navy from 1943 to 1947 before transferring to the French Navy.
History.
Built at Camden, New Jersey, "Langley" was originally ordered as the light cruiser USS "Fargo" (CL-85), but by the time her keel was laid in April 1942, she had been redesigned as an aircraft carrier, using the original cruiser hull and machinery. Commissioned in August 1943, "Langley" served in the Pacific theatre during World War II. The carrier was decommissioned at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in February 1947.
"Langley" was taken out of "mothballs" early in 1951, refurbished and transferred to France under the Mutual Defense Assistance Program. Based in Toulon, "La Fayette" carried out many missions in the Far East until June 1953. During this action, her airgroup included Grumman F6F Hellcats and Curtiss SB2C Helldivers. Modernized in 1953–1954, she served in the Mediterranean and on the African coasts. In early 1956 she returned to Indo-China (which had been partitioned after the cease fire) equipped with Vought F4U Corsairs and Grumman TBF Avengers. She was involved in the Suez Crisis air and landing operations along with and British carriers beginning in October 1956. In March 1960, "La Fayette" participated in the rescue operations in the Moroccan city of Agadir, damaged by an earthquake. It then took part in the repatriation of the first refugees from Algeria. After more than a decade of French Navy service, she was returned to the United States in March 1963 and was sold for scrap a year later.
In French service, "La Fayette" sailed nearly , her planes having carried out 19,805 landings. "La Fayette" was awarded the Military Cross for its first missions in Indo-China. The name of "La Fayette" is now carried by the frigate .

</doc>
<doc id="6988198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988198" title="Rashmirathi">
Rashmirathi

Rashmirathi (Rashmi: "Ray of light" Rathi: "One who rides a chariot (not the charioteer)" Rashmirathi: "Rider of the chariot of light") is a Hindi epic written in 1952, by the Hindi poet Ramdhari Singh 'Dinkar'. The epic poem narrates the story of Karna, who is regarded as one of main protagonists of the Hindu epic- "Mahabharata."
About the poem.
Karna was the first-born of Kunti. She abandoned him at birth, as he was conceived before her marriage. Karna was born due to a boon by the Surya Dev (The Sun God). Karna grew up in a family of charioteers and struggled to rise from a lowly charioteer to become a world conqueror and a hero of the Mahabharata. In the Mahabharata War, Karna was obliged to fight on the side of Duryodhana, who recognized his abilities and worth. Duryodhana made him a king and accepted him as a close friend. Karna fighting on the Kaurava's side was a great worry for the Pandavas, as he was reputed to be unconquerable in war.
On the eve of the Mahabharata War, Kunti went to Karna and requested of him to defuse the war by leaving Duryodhana and coming over to the Pandavas' side, as he was her first born and it was only appropriate for him to fight on the side of the Pandavas. A part of Karna's reply in words of Ramdhari Singh 'Dinkar' is given below. Karna says that even as he foresees a defeat for Kauravas, he must fight from the side of Duryodhana. He says that the war is quite pointless yet it is his destiny that has to be fulfilled.
Adaptations.
Hindi film "Gulaal" directed by Anurag Kashyap in 2009, has got a rendition of Dinkar's poem "Ye dekh gagan mujh mein lay hai(Part of "Krishna ki Chetavani")" from Rashmirathi chapter 3, performed by Piyush Mishra.
A musical play adaptation of "Rashmirathi" has been directed by Dr. Shakuntala Shukla and Vyomesh Shukla. This play gives a glance from the eyes of Kunti. This play is produced by the banner of "Roopvani, Varanasi". It has been performed 47 times till now.
The present Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi wrote a message appreciating the translation of Rashmirathi into English by the Mauritian cultural activist Leela Gujadhur Sarup by writing, "The story of 'a man blessed by the Gods but rejected by Destiny', Rashmirathi is the magnum opus of the Poet laureate of India, Ramdhari Singh, known to all as Dinkar. Reproducing its original in moving English poetry has been a labor of love for Mrs. Leela Sarup, taking her years to do it justice. This will enable a wider range of non-Hindi readers to savor the heart-wrenching lyrical poetry of Dinkar."

</doc>
<doc id="6988207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988207" title="French aircraft carrier Bois Belleau (R97)">
French aircraft carrier Bois Belleau (R97)



</doc>
<doc id="6988210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988210" title="Palace of Magic">
Palace of Magic

Palace of Magic is a platform game released on 1 November 1987 for the Acorn Electron and BBC Micro by Superior Software. Combining platform elements with problem solving, its gameplay is similar to the earlier "Citadel". Both are early examples of the Metroidvania genre.
Plot.
The game begins with the player character in a palace, having been shrunk and taken out of your normal place and time by an evil wizard called Caldeti (an anagram of Citadel). The objective is to magically restore the character to his original size and find the teleporter to their home world. This involves moving through the Palace and other locations such as a church, woods, and dungeon, overcoming obstacles and enemies along the way.
Similarities to "Citadel".
The player is not automatically killed if they come into contact with hazards; instead the player is allocated a set amount of energy (but this time measured by a bar, subdivided into units), which is depleted through contact, and can be replenished by collecting objects shaped like top hats. As in "Citadel", the game is divided into 'rooms' or screens and if the player loses too much energy in a room, the screen turns red and the player is transported back to where they entered the room. This prevents players from passing through a room simply by walking through enemies and taking the damage.
Other similarities to "Citadel" include: 
Differences between BBC and Electron versions.
Whilst the layout of the Palace and the mechanics of the game are identical between the two machines, the BBC version runs in a higher resolution (seven-colour Mode 2) whilst the Electron version runs in four-colour Mode 5. The BBC version also includes a vertical hardware scroll when the player strikes the ground after a long fall, and flickering pixels above the collectible top hats.

</doc>
<doc id="6988213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988213" title="Slapstick (The Wire)">
Slapstick (The Wire)

"Slapstick" is the ninth episode of the third season of the HBO original series "The Wire". The episode was written by David Simon from a story by David Simon &amp; George Pelecanos and was directed by Alex Zakrzewski. It originally aired on November 21, 2004.
Plot.
Daniels and Pearlman discuss the legal requirements for the Major Crimes Unit's wiretaps on the Barksdales' disposable phones. Greggs and McNulty outfit Bubbles with a wire and give him enough money to force Bodie's crew to phone in for a resupply for drugs.
While out picking up food, McNulty and Prez are alerted to shots fired on their radio. They split up and move towards the sound of the gunfire; McNulty finds Prez standing over what turns out to be a dead plainclothes police officer, Waggoner. Rawls notes that there is a racial component to the shooting because Waggoner was an African-American who was shot by a white officer.
As Cutty cleans out the building he plans to convert into a community boxing gym, he struggles with bureaucratic red tape.
The Deacon meets with Colvin, who tells him he is retiring and willing to let others decide whether to sustain Hamsterdam. After a body is found inside Hamsterdam, Carver persuades the officers to move the body elsewhere. Herc refuses and tips off "The Baltimore Sun" about Hamsterdam. After Crutchfield gives Colvin an ultimatum, he meets with the crew chiefs and threatens to close Hamsterdam if they do not turn in the shooter. The crew chiefs turn in the shooter.
Gray unaware that Carcetti is also planning a mayoral run offers him a place on his ticket as council president. Carcetti and Gray meet with Watkins to discuss their proposed witness protection scheme. Carcetti charms Watkins and convinces him to offer funds in order to persuade Royce to start the initiative.
Omar arrives at his grandmother's house. Barksdale soldiers are staking out the house who are wary of breaking the longstanding Sunday morning truce. After being given permission by Bell, Sapper and Gerard open fire on Omar and his grandmother, but both survive the attack. Slim Charles chastises his men for violating the truce.
Bernard and Squeak rent a car to buy more disposable phones, unwittingly being followed by Sydnor. Bernard delivers the phones to Shamrock. Joe meets with Vinson to organize a meeting to pursue a truce, offering Marlo a chance to join the Co-Op and keep all of his territory. Vinson explains that Marlo believes Avon is weak and wants to take over the West Side.
Bell meets with Davis, angry that he is still facing bureaucratic obstructions despite bribing the senator. Davis urges Bell to show patience and leave the street mentality behind, but Bell will not be mollified. Meanwhile, Avon meets with Brianna, who tells him about McNulty's suspicions that D'Angelo was murdered. Avon tries to convince her that McNulty was lying, while Bell who ordered D'Angelo's death sits calmly throughout the meeting. Brianna begs Avon for assurance that he knew that he could trust D'Angelo; Avon bristles at Brianna's implication. Elsewhere, Omar, outraged at the attack on his grandmother, tells Dante and Kimmy that he is taking on the Barksdales alone.
Production.
Title reference.
The title is an ironic reference to the slapstick manner in which many of the very serious events (all of which could have been avoided) in the episode play out: Prez's tragic misfire; the breaking of the Sunday morning truce by Barksdale soldiers culminating almost comically in the shooting off of Omar's grandmother's church 'crown' before an awkward escape; Carver's decision to move the body out of the free zone, which is easily picked up on by homicide; Herc's and other Western District detectives' growing disenchantment with Colvin's initiative.
Epigraph.
Spoken while Freamon tries to persuade McNulty to see that there is more to life than casework. The camera pans over to the refrigerator covered with pictures of members (past and present) of the detail, settling on the picture of Beadie Russell. The line comes from the famous lyrics by John Lennon, "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans."
Context.
Producer George Pelecanos has previously published a novel, "Right as Rain", dealing with the fallout after a white police officer shoots an undercover black police officer. Much of Prez's situation is drawn from that novel, including several direct lines of dialogue.
Non-fiction elements.
McNulty makes reference to several real-life Baltimore police officers when saying the few people who have as good of a position as the detail, including co-creator Ed Burns.
Credits.
Starring cast.
Although credited, Frankie R. Faison and Wendell Pierce do not appear in this episode.

</doc>
<doc id="6988221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988221" title="4th London Infantry Brigade">
4th London Infantry Brigade



</doc>
<doc id="6988222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988222" title="Cricetulus barabensis">
Cricetulus barabensis



</doc>
<doc id="6988235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988235" title="Methylotrophic">
Methylotrophic



</doc>
<doc id="6988247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988247" title="Reformation (The Wire)">
Reformation (The Wire)

"Reformation" is the tenth episode of the third season of the HBO original series "The Wire". The episode was written by Ed Burns from a story by David Simon &amp; Ed Burns and was directed by Christine Moore. It originally aired on November 28, 2004.
Plot.
Young Stanfield dealers Justin and Jamal hear gunfire and come across the body of LaTroy, a Stanfield lieutenant; they are picked up in a truck by Snoop and Tote. Meanwhile, Marlo and Partlow set up a night time ambush for Devonne, whom Marlo brutally shoots in the breasts and mouth. Partlow assures Marlo that the murder was necessary. As Holley works the murder scene of another Stanfield dealer, Fruit sees the body. At a safe house, Slim Charles tells Avon that two of Marlo's people have been killed. The resulting police crackdown affects Proposition Joe, Fat-Face Rick and Phil Boy.
Bell learns from Shamrock that they are running low on product and money. Bell meets with the Co-Op and is informed that they are pursuing a truce with Marlo and have voted to shut the Barksdales out if the turf war continues. Bell blames the impasse on Avon and his hubris. Avon nonetheless insists that the war will continue following Marlo's murder of Devonne. At his copy shop, Bell reluctantly phones the Western District police. Later, Bell finds that the development grants promised to him by Senator Davis have instead been awarded to another company. He gives Shamrock some documents to take to their lawyer, Maurice Levy.
In the Western, Colvin urges Carver to learn his beat and neighborhood so that he can protect them properly, drawing a distinction between the drug war and real policing. Mello informs Colvin that journalists have learned about Hamsterdam. While Herc and Truck are taking the reporter on a tour of the free zones, Colvin arrives and tries to spin a story about Hamsterdam being part of an enforcement strategy. The reporter agrees to hold the story for a week. Colvin discusses his options with Mello and his community relations sergeant, ultimately deciding to admit his involvement and face the consequences.
At the next ComStat meeting, Colvin gives a presentation explaining how Hamsterdam positively affected his district. Rawls realizes that Colvin has essentially legalized the drug trade in specific areas, leading Burrell to demand to see Colvin in his office. Colvin tells Burrell that he is willing to take the fall for the scheme, but threatens to lie about who sanctioned it if any of his subordinates are punished for his actions. Colvin further tells Burrell that a "Baltimore Sun" reporter is delaying a story on Hamsterdam. Burell threatens to fire Colvin outright. Later, Colvin tells McNulty that an informant has revealed the location of Avon's waterfront condo; he resists McNulty's attempts to find out more information about the informant, who is actually Bell.
Carcetti and D'Agostino chair a campaign strategy meeting in which it's agreed that African-American endorsements and staffers are needed. D'Agostino outlines the importance of keeping Gray in the race in order to split the black vote. Carcetti admits to his wife that he feels guilty about betraying Gray. She suggests that he tell Gray that he also plans to run, but Carcetti worries that this may drive Gray out of the race, indirectly undermining his own chances. Meanwhile, Burrell informs Mayor Royce and Parker about Colvin's actions. After Burrell tells Royce about the crime reduction and support for Colvin from the mayor's voting bloc, Royce contemplates how to use the information.
McNulty complains to Freamon that they are still not up on any wiretaps and are probably missing drug conspiracy phone calls. Daniels and Pearlman meet with Judge Phelan to discuss their difficulties with drug dealers discarding phones. Phelan offers to sign wiretap affidavits at any time as they uncover phone numbers. McNulty wants to rush the paperwork and is disappointed that Phelan is the assigned judge, still angry at his behavior during the first Barksdale investigation. Daniels points out that McNulty believes that anyone who gets in his way is worthless; McNulty concedes the point.
Freamon matches Bodie's voice to a prior recording of a phone call to his grandmother, which is used as probable cause for a wiretap. Over the wire, the Major Case Unit overhears Bodie ordering a resupply for a dealer known as Tweety Bird. McNulty meets up with Greggs and observes Bodie's meeting. Meanwhile, Daniels informs the rest of the unit that Prez's shooting is being investigated by internal affairs. Under Daniels' questioning, Freamon and Massey deny noticing any racist behavior from Prez. While waiting for Bodie's meeting, McNulty tells Greggs about his failed relationship with D'Agostino, complaining that she seemed to question his intelligence.
When the Barksdales ditch their phones, McNulty and Freamon propose that the unit supply new phones directly to Bernard. McNulty and Greggs visit Bubbles, who recognizes Squeak and agrees to talk to her. The next day, as Greggs and McNulty meet with Bubbles, McNulty thinks he spots Beadie Russell driving past; he chases the car, but the driver is not Beadie. Upon meeting Bubbles, Squeak arranges a meeting between Bernard and Freamon, who is posing as Bubbles' phone supplier. Freamon takes Bernard to a staged cell phone shop, where Massey poses as Freamon's niece and assistant. Bernard is taken in, but insists on doctored receipts as part of the deal.
Meanwhile, Brother Mouzone and his aide Lamar return to Baltimore and meet with Vinson, who gives him a description of Omar. Mouzone sends the homophobic Lamar into a gay bar (where he unwittingly encounters Rawls in one of them) to find him. Omar's boyfriend Dante notices Lamar's search and confronts him, only to be captured by Mouzone. Omar meets with Butchie to discuss the Barksdales' near-shooting of his grandmother. Butchie, disgusted that the Sunday truce was broken, tells Omar where their home base is located. Omar is outraged that Butchie has kept this information from him until now, but Butchie says that he was trying to protect him. Omar begins to stake out the Barksdales' funeral home and sees Bell leaving.
A visit from the Deacon prompts Cutty to visit Hamsterdam, where Carver suggests that he recruit disruptive kids from the time-out corner for his boxing gym. Cutty breaks up a fight involving Justin and Spider and teaches some boxing moves. Later, Justin and his friends visit the gym, mock the dilapidated equipment, and start an impromptu football game. Cutty, overwhelmed by the rowdiness, lashes out at Justin and the other boys, which in turn causes them to leave the gym. Cutty discusses his difficulty with the trainer of another gym, who encourages Cutty to remain patient and show the children that he has faith in them by not letting them fail. Cutty returns to Hamsterdam and apologizes to Justin. Later, Justin returns to the gym and finds Cutty training a young enthusiast.
Production.
Title reference.
The title refers to the theme of season three with various characters struggling to initiate reform on a personal and citywide level. In this episode Cutty's attempts at personal reform come to fruition when he starts his gym, Colvin's attempt to reform the drug war are exposed and Brother Mouzone remarks on the empty political promises of reform in Baltimore marked by the collapse of the towers.
Epigraph.
This phrase is originally said by Prop Joe regarding the Barksdale organization. However, the line may also allude to several 'leadership crises' present in the episode, including: Cutty learning how to coach kids, Colvin legalizing drugs without Commissioner Burrell's knowledge, Carcetti's dilemma over whether or not to betray Tony, and (of course) Avon refusing to back off his war with Marlo.
Credits.
Starring cast.
Although credited, Wendell Pierce and Jim True-Frost do not appear in this episode.

</doc>
<doc id="6988248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988248" title="Little Lithuania, Chicago">
Little Lithuania, Chicago



</doc>
<doc id="6988257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988257" title="Ganganagar Lok Sabha constituency">
Ganganagar Lok Sabha constituency

Ganganagar Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 25 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Rajasthan state in India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Ganganagar Lok Sabha constituency comprises eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments. These are: 
Election results.
2019.
 
2014 Lok Sabha.
 
2004 Lok Sabha.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6988258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988258" title="Oakley Court">
Oakley Court

Oakley Court is a Victorian Gothic country house set in overlooking the River Thames at Water Oakley in the civil parish of Bray in the English county of Berkshire. It was built in 1859 and is currently a hotel. It is a Grade II* listed building that has been often used as a film location.
Overview.
The Court was built in 1859 for Sir Richard Hall-Say who married Ellen Evans of Boveney Court in 1857. He was appointed High Sheriff of Berkshire in 1864 and Justice of the Peace in 1865. In 1874 Oakley Court was sold to Lord Otho Fitzgerald, then to a John Lewis Phipps and in 1900 to Sir William Beilby Avery of Avery Scales. In 1919 Ernest Olivier purchased the property together with of Berkshire woodland for £27,000.
History.
Sir Richard Hall-Say.
Richard Hall-Say built Oakley Court in 1859 two years after his marriage. He was born as Richard Hall in 1827. His father was Richard Hall, a merchant, but it was his mother Harriet Say that brought to him his great wealth. She was the daughter and co-heir of Robert Say who owned Pennington Hall near Manchester. When her uncle, the Rev. Henry Say who had no direct heirs, died in 1855, Richard inherited and took the additional name of Say to become Richard Hall-Say. In 1857 he married Ellen Evans, who was the only child of Edward Evans of Boveney Court in Windsor. The couple had six children, two boys and four girls. Their eldest daughter Mary Violet Hall-Say married the Rev Arthur Henry Austen Leigh who was the great nephew of Jane Austen. In about 1874, the Hall-Say family sold Oakley Court to Lord Otho Fitzgerald.
Lord Otho Fitzgerald.
Otho Fitzgerald lived in Oakley Court from 1874 until his death in 1882. He was born in 1827 in London and was the third son of the Duke of Leinster. He entered the army and served in the Royal Horse Guards. He was elected as a Member of Parliament and was appointed to several official positions in the Queen's Household. He was an amateur photographer and several of his photographs are in the Royal Collection. He was also a musical composer and wrote a piece called "The Spirit of the Ball".
In 1861 at the age of 34 he married Ursula, widow of the 1st Baron Londesborough and daughter of Vice-Admiral Charles Orlando Bridgeman. The couple had two children. The Fitzgeralds entertained at Oakley Court, their guests including Napoléon, Prince Imperial of France and Lilly Langtry. Lady Augusta Fane in her memoirs recalls a water party held at Oakley Court where Lilly Langtry was present. Otho died in 1882 and his wife Ursula died a year later. Oakley Court was rented out for the next ten years and then in 1894 John Lewis Phipps bought the house.
John Lewis Phipps.
John Lewis Phipps was born in 1872 in London. His father was Richard Leckonby Hothersal Phipps of Leighton House in Westbury, Wiltshire. His grandfather was John Lewis Phipps (1801–1870) a coffee merchant and Member of Parliament. In 1889 John's father died and he inherited the family fortune. When he bought Oakley House in 1894 he was only 22 years old. Two years before this he had married Mary Jane Davis and they had one son John Nigel Phipps who was born in 1893. The Phipps sold the house to Sir William Avery in 1908.
Sir William Avery Baronet.
William Bielby Avery was born in 1854 in Birmingham He was a member of a dynasty of steelyard and scale makers whose business, W &amp; T Avery, manufactured weighing machines. In 1881 he assumed control of the company with his brother and they further developed the company and invented improvements to the machines. In 1891 he retired as managing director but retained a seat on the Board. He was on the board of directors of A Darracq and Company (1905) and Commonwealth Oil Corporation of Australia and other major businesses. He became a philatelist and had a celebrated stamp collection. His first wife Anna Louisa Avery died in 1902 and he married Suzanna Mathilde Crets in Paris in the same year. In 1906 "The Gardeners' Chronicle" published an article about the Oakley Court garden which can be seen here. William died in 1908 and Lady Avery remarried in 1911. The house was rented for several years and then in 1916 was put on the market. The property was bought by Ernest Oliver.
Film set.
In August 1949, Oakley Court became home to the British film production company Hammer Films. Hammer shot five films there, including "The Man in Black" (1950) and "The Lady Craved Excitement" (1950), before moving to the adjacent Down Place - which subsequently became Bray Studios - the following year. While the bulk of Hammer's best known horror films were shot at Bray in the late 1950s and early 1960s, the studio continued to make occasional use of Oakley Court as an exterior location, for example in "The Brides of Dracula" (1962), "The Reptile" (1966), and "The Plague of the Zombies" (1972). Other films shot there over the years include the William Castle horror-comedy "The Old Dark House" (1963); "Witchcraft" (1964); "Au Pair Girls" (1972); "And Now the Screaming Starts!" (1973); the cult independent horror film "Vampyres" (1974); the mystery farce "Murder by Death" (1976); and the Peter Cook and Dudley Moore comedy, "The Hound of the Baskervilles" (1978). Freddie Francis was inspired by Oakley Court's exteriors and long wished to set a film there; his "Mumsy, Nanny, Sonny, and Girly" (1970) was written specially to take advantage of the unique landscaping and architecture. It was used as the location for Dr. Frank N. Furter's castle (called The Frankenstein Place) in "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" (1975). During filming, actress Susan Sarandon, who played Janet Weiss, came down with pneumonia because neither Oakley Court or Bray Studios had heating or bathrooms, because, at the time, Oakley Court was in a poor condition. In 1995 it was featured as the "Laxton Grange Hotel" in the British television series "Pie in the Sky" starring Richard Griffiths. 
On many web resources, it is erroneously credited as being St Trinian's School in the original "St Trinian's" film series, but a comparison between the films and the actual building show a quite different architecture and overall design: Easneye House in Hertfordshire. Historical notes available from the hotel, however, indicate that some parts of the "St Trinian's" films were filmed in the grounds, for example "The Wildcats of St Trinian's" (1980).

</doc>
<doc id="6988260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988260" title="Rightback">
Rightback



</doc>
<doc id="6988272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988272" title="Iain Smith (producer)">
Iain Smith (producer)

Iain Smith OBE (born 8 January 1949 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish film producer. He is known for his productions of "" (2015), "The Fountain" (2006), "Children of Men" (2006) and "The Fifth Element" (1997), among others.
Biography.
Iain Smith was educated in Glasgow. He received a 1st Class Hons Diploma from London School of Film Technique (1969/70).
In the early 1970s, Smith worked as an assistant editor, assistant director or production manager on numerous short films, commercials and children's feature films. He worked in London for several years before returning to his native Scotland to make (uncredited) "My Childhood" for the British Film Institute, the first of the trilogy by Bill Douglas.
In 1976, Smith formed his own production company in partnership with Jon Schorstein (Smith Schorstein Associates Ltd) and produced television commercials, documentaries, children's feature films and low-budget dramas. In 1978, his production-managed Bertrand Tavernier's "Death Watch", starring Romy Schneider and Harvey Keitel. A year later, he joined David Puttnam and Hugh Hudson, as the location manager for "Chariots of Fire", starring Ian Charleson and Ben Cross.
Smith went on to line produce a variety of films for David Puttnam, getting associate producer credit on Bill Forsyth's "Local Hero", starring Burt Lancaster and Peter Riegert, Roland Joffe's "The Killing Fields", starring Sam Waterston and Haing Ngor, and Roland Joffe's "The Mission", starring Robert De Niro and Jeremy Irons. He also produced Brian Gilbert's "The Frog Prince."
In 1987, Smith formed Applecross Productions and went on to co-produce Richard Marquand's "Hearts of Fire", starring Bob Dylan and Rupert Everett, followed by Michael Austen's "Killing Dad", starring Richard E. Grant, Denholm Elliott and Julie Walters. In 1991, he co-produced Roland Joffe's "City of Joy", starring Patrick Swayze and Pauline Collins, and in 1992, executive produced Ridley Scott's "", starring Gérard Depardieu and Sigourney Weaver.
In 1994, Smith co-produced Stephen Frears's "Mary Reilly", starring Julia Roberts and John Malkovich for Tristar Pictures, followed by Luc Besson's "The Fifth Element" in 1996, which starred Bruce Willis and Gary Oldman and was produced by his company Zaltman Films Ltd for Gaumont.
He then produced Jean-Jacques Annaud's "Seven Years in Tibet", starring Brad Pitt and David Thewlis for Columbia Pictures, followed by Jon Amiel's "Entrapment" with Sean Connery and Catherine Zeta-Jones for 20th Century Fox.
Smith executive produced Tony Scott's "Spy Game" for Universal Pictures, which starred Robert Redford and Brad Pitt, followed by Anthony Minghella's "Cold Mountain" for Miramax, starring Jude Law, Nicole Kidman and Renée Zellweger. He went on to produce Oliver Stone's "Alexander" for Intermedia, starring Colin Farrell, Anthony Hopkins and Angelina Jolie, followed by producing Darren Aronofsky's "The Fountain" for New Regency/Warner Bros., starring Hugh Jackman, Rachel Weisz and Ellen Burstyn, and Alfonso Cuarón's "Children of Men" for Strike Entertainment/Universal Pictures.
In 2005, he was awarded a BAFTA Scotland for Outstanding Achievement in Film. He also was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2008 New Year Honours.
In 2008, Smith produced Timur Bekmambetov's "Wanted" for Universal Pictures followed in 2010 by Joe Carnahan's "The A-Team" for Twentieth Century Fox. In 2012/13 he executive produced George Miller's "Mad Max: Fury Road" for Warner Bros, and in 2013/14 he is producing the series "24 Live Another Day" for 20th Century Fox Television.
Membership.
Iain Smith has served on the boards of the UK Film Council, Scottish Screen, the Joint board of Creative Scotland, the Scottish Film Council, the Scottish Film Production Fund, the Scottish Film Training Trust as a governor of the National Film and Television School, a director of the Children’s Film and Television Foundation, and as chair of the Edinburgh International Film Festival. He is currently a patron of the London Film School, chair of the Film Skills Council, and chair of the Film Industry Training Board. He is a member of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, the Production Guild of Great Britain, and the Producers Guild of America. Smith is also Keeper of the Lair, Glasgow Necropolis (2010).
In 2011, Iain Smith was appointed chair of the British Film Commission. He is often called upon to speak about the film industry – Scottish, British and global. In 2011, he gave a hallmark speech at a United Nations' WIPO conference.

</doc>
<doc id="6988273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988273" title="Sedesvacancy">
Sedesvacancy



</doc>
<doc id="6988287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988287" title="Middle Ground (The Wire)">
Middle Ground (The Wire)

"Middle Ground" is the 11th episode of the third season of the HBO original series "The Wire". The episode was written by George Pelecanos from a story by David Simon &amp; George Pelecanos and was directed by Joe Chappelle. It originally aired on December 12, 2004. The episode was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series.
Plot.
On his way home, Omar is surprised by Brother Mouzone. During a tense standoff, Mouzone assures Omar that Dante is still alive and did not give him up easily. Eventually, Mouzone puts down his weapon and tells Omar that he has something to ask him. At the Baltimore Police, Rawls recommends sidestepping major political fallout from Hamsterdam by shutting it down immediately. However, Mayor Royce who is deliberating what to do with his staff is reluctant to authorize a police crackdown on the free zones. Burrell, believing that Royce is planning to scapegoat the police for the fiasco, decides to spin the story in the department's favor and contacts Carcetti.
Royce is told by Demper and health officials that keeping Hamsterdam open would serve the common good from a law enforcement and public health standpoint. However, Parker and Watkins argue for the zones to be shut down, with Watkins warning the mayor that he will lose support of the ministers and city hall and be subject to action from both the state government and the Justice Department as soon as Hamsterdam is publicized. However, with a 14% decrease in felonies district-wide, Royce believes he can spin the Hamsterdam situation to his advantage. Burrell meets with Carcetti and tells him all about Hamsterdam, blaming Royce for the intense pressure they have been putting on the department to reduce crime. He asks Carcetti to give the story to Gray, as he hopes to endear himself to the next mayor now that he is burning his bridges with Royce.
D'Agostino suggests that Carcetti talk to Colvin to get his side of the story. After Carcetti tracks him at home, Colvin gives Carcetti a tour of the Western, showing him the positive impact his efforts have made empty drug corners and real police work being done for the community. Colvin takes Carcetti to a neighborhood council meeting where residents credit Hamsterdam with making the district safer. Finally, Colvin tours Hamsterdam itself, explaining that he wanted to try something different for dealing with the drug problem. Carcetti sees open drug dealing and is told by Colvin that it's best if he explores the area on his own, assuring him that the area is safe and offering to wait in the car for him to return. As Carcetti walks through the area, we see only his horrified and dismayed face.
Bell meets with Levy to discuss the lack of progress he sees in his development work despite paying Senator Davis. Levy tells Stringer that Davis is a "gonif," the Yiddish word for "thief," with a reputation for pocketing bribes for himself. Bell angrily seeks out Avon, only for Slim Charles's new soldiers to keep him from his partner. Bell demands that Slim Charles kill Davis, not knowing that Avon is listening to the conversation. Avon then enters the room and mocks the fact that Stringer wants to hit a state senator. Avon says that killing a "downtown" man like Davis would incur the wrath of the state police and federal government and would require a "Day of the Jackal"-type assassination in order to pull it off. Avon says that if Stringer has lost money then he should handle it like a businessman rather than like a gangster, and that the financial losses are Stringer's responsibility, not the organization's.
Stringer calls and arranges a meeting with Colvin. He offers Colvin more information about Avon. Stringer claims that Avon is like his brother but he cannot let him continue his war with Marlo Stanfield. Stringer tells Colvin that he came to him because of his reputation as the man who created Hamsterdam. He tells Colvin about Avon's wartime safehouse and gives him the address. Colvin asks about his motives and Stringer insists that his actions are purely business-driven. To little avail, he implores Colvin to guarantee that any police strike against Avon results in charges light enough to ensure that Avon does fewer than five years in prison. Meanwhile, Avon is in a barbershop getting a haircut. Brother Mouzone visits him and tells him that he has learned through Omar that Stringer set him up. Avon offers to pay for Stringer's actions with money. Brother Mouzone tells Avon that money will not settle the debt and that Avon must give up Stringer in order to maintain his word and reputation and, thus, continue dealing with New York. Avon is forced to give up Stringer to appease Mouzone and maintain his business contact.
Avon and Stringer meet for a late-night drink. Stringer apologizes for not dealing with Marlo Stanfield sooner. Avon is nostalgic about the shoplifting days of their youth, retelling a story of Stringer's failed heist of a badminton set. The story is illuminating to their current situation, as Stringer is driven to play what Avon calls "away games" and leave his gangster past behind. Avon asks Stringer to dream with him and Stringer tells him they don't need to dream because they own so much now, including real estate, that is legal. Stringer tells Avon that he can't drink too much since he is visiting the development site the following day. Avon asks what time Stringer plans to meet with the property developer (so that he can tell Mouzone where to find him). Stringer responds awkwardly, and the two men exchange more conversation before sharing an embrace. The implication is that each knows that he has been betrayed by the other.
Western district.
In Hamsterdam, Bubbles continues to make his living supplying young dealers with T-shirts from a shopping cart. A young homeless boy questions Bubbles about his income and then suggests that he try selling hoodies now that the season is changing. Meanwhile, Bubbles's protégé Johnny is "schooled" by another fellow user in Hamsterdam not to use so much heroin that he "falls out," meaning to take a fatal dose, and he notices out the window that Bubbles is now working with the homeless boy.
Dennis "Cutty" Wise has built a small following for his community boxing gym, including some drug dealers, Justin and Spider. The children using the facility mock the equipment because it is in a state of disrepair. Seeking funds for the gym, Cutty visits Bodie Broadus and asks him to arrange a meeting with Avon. Cutty explains that he didn't feel right approaching Avon directly because of the way he left things with him.
Avon meets with Cutty at his base of operations. Cutty gives him a sales pitch and talks about Avon's boxing past before Avon eventually tires of his efforts. He asks how much money he needs, to which Cutty hesitantly states $10,000. Avon and Slim Charles erupt in laughter and then give him five thousand extra, much to the surprise of Cutty, before telling him to take care of his young charges. With the new equipment in place, Cutty's boxers are eager to spar, and he offers to organize a match with another gym. At the sparring match Cutty's boxers are bested by much smaller boxers, but Cutty gives them respect for lasting through each round. In particular he congratulates Justin for his attitude and heart.
Major case unit.
Lieutenant Cedric Daniels updates the investigative board with a photo of Barksdale lieutenant Shamrock. Jimmy McNulty, Lester Freamon and Caroline Massey monitor their wiretapped burners. They record a call between Shamrock and Bodie Broadus - Bodie asks for a face to face meeting with "the man", who they assume is Stringer Bell. However, there is no phone call from Shamrock's phone to Stringer to arrange the meeting. Freamon and McNulty later explain to ASA Rhonda Pearlman that Stringer has isolated himself from the rest of the phone network by only talking to Shamrock and providing Shamrock with a separate phone for their communications. Freamon suggests that they can have everyone in the Barksdale organization from Shamrock down on a conspiracy charge with a week of monitoring these wiretaps, but to collect evidence against Bell and Barksdale they need to pluck cellphone numbers out of the air. This comment prompts McNulty to leave.
McNulty arranges a meeting with Fitz to discuss the possibility of doing exactly what Freamon suggested. McNulty asks Fitz about equipment that picks up numbers dialed on cellular phones nearby. Fitz tells McNulty that the equipment he needs is already available to city police because of a Homeland Security grant. McNulty retrieves the machine from the police department basement. McNulty and Freamon set up the machine in a vacant apartment opposite Stringer's photocopying business. They record all cell phone numbers using the nearby tower for signal. They narrow the field back at the detail office by tying specific times that Stringer would be on the phone to their data by monitoring calls to Shamrock.
While the unit is monitoring him, Stringer gets a call requesting a meeting. He changes the SIM card in his cell phone so that he can call back on another number. Shamrock then calls Bodie to tell him a meeting has been arranged. This gives the unit their baseline set of call data. Next Stringer uses his business number to call Colvin on his cell phone and Lester notes the call. He checks with McNulty, who recommends they wait and see what the connection gives them.
Shortly afterwards Freamon pins down Stringer's cell phone number. Both McNulty and Freamon are worried that the cell phone may not last long and they simultaneously contact Daniels and Pearlman. Daniels calls in a favor from Fitz to get the wiretap organized by the end of the day, cutting through potential delays from the wireless companies. Phelan signs the wiretap affidavit and recognizes Bell's name from the previous investigation. Phelan still faces animosity from McNulty and tells him to let it go for his own sake. Fitz delivers on his promise by falsely telling the bureau that Bell's given name is "Ahmed", a name the bureau associates with its counter-terrorism priorities.
Officer Massey gives McNulty a message from D'Agostino. McNulty meets D'Agostino for dinner. She claims she is there to renew their relationship and then quickly begins to probe him for information about Hamsterdam and Colvin. He sees through her feigned interest in him and walks out of the dinner. She might have also been using McNulty for information about the case to give to Carcetti.
The next day the unit records Stringer talking to Shamrock. Shamrock mentions contract killers on the phone, so although Stringer notices his mistake, the unit has the evidence it has worked hard for. The line spoken by Shamrock, "Oh, and that other thing, them two hitters you asked after, they good with it" harks back to Slim Charles' earlier refusal to assassinate Clay Davis, and reveals that Stringer still intended to kill the senator.
Stringer.
When Stringer arrives at the development site, Omar and Brother Mouzone are waiting for him. Omar bursts into his meeting with Andy Krawczyk and kills Stringer's bodyguard. Stringer tries to run, fleeing up the staircase where he finds Mouzone waiting. Krawczyk cowers away from Omar, who leaves him and calmly pursues Bell up the stairs. Bell is trapped between Omar and Mouzone with no escape route. He tells them that he is now clean and tries to convince them that he is worth more to them alive than dead. Omar informs Stringer that Avon gave him up because of his duplicity. Stringer admits there is nothing he can say to stop them from killing him, at which point Omar displays a slight look of hesitation, savoring the moment. Stringer then orders them to get on with it, at which point first Mouzone and then Omar both open fire, shooting him repeatedly in the chest. After a moment of silence, the two calmly withdraw from the room without a word, as Stringer's body lies splayed on the floor. Outside the window on the building opposite is a sign for Stringer's B&amp;B Enterprises.
Production.
Title reference.
Mayor Royce says that they need to find a "middle ground" as a way to keep Hamsterdam alive while avoiding political suicide. The title also refers to the compromise made between Omar and Brother Mouzone to pursue their common goal, and alludes to the meeting between Stringer Bell and Colvin.
Epigraph.
The phrase is said to Avon Barksdale in regard to how much they have accomplished in their endeavors, suggesting that the pair do not have to dream about success anymore because they have all the money and the power they need.
Credits.
Starring cast.
Although credited, Wendell Pierce, Jim True-Frost, Seth Gilliam, and Domenick Lombardozzi do not appear in this episode.
First appearances.
This episode marks the first appearance of Kurt L. Schmoke as Baltimore Health Commissioner. Schmoke is a real-life former mayor of Baltimore and has strong views against the drug war and in favor of drug decriminalization. He acts as an advisor to the fictional mayor after Major Colvin has legalized drugs in a portion of the city, and his character's feelings mirror his own politics.
Reception.
Critical response.
The episode received unanimous praise from television critics and is considered by many to be the best episode in the entire series. The Futon Critic named it the ninth best episode of 2004, commenting that the show is not shy about killing off characters, but was still surprised about Stringer Bell's death. George Pelecanos, who co-wrote the episode with David Simon, described "Middle Ground" as "the best thing I'll ever have my name on."
Awards and nominations.
"Middle Ground" received the show's first Emmy nomination, for writers David Simon and George Pelecanos in the category Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series. Following the show's nomination, "Variety" printed an article with an anonymous member of the Academy of Television Arts &amp; Sciences explaining why they thought the show was not recognized in more categories. They postulated that the show's complex narrative made it impenetrable to first time viewers, that the location meant that the cast and crew were "out of sight, out of mind" to voters, and the majority California based voters have little connection to the drug markets of Baltimore. Tim Goodman of the "San Francisco Chronicle" has cited the lack of Emmy recognition for the show as "an egregious oversight." "Salon" has written that the show is typical of the crime dramas that the Emmy awards have recognized in the past and called the lack of recognition "a sad case." David Simon suggested the lack of recognition was due to the show's small audience; however, "Salon" refuted this and postulated that one of the major factors in winning an Emmy is having a recognizable producer who draws blocs of votes from his contacts in the industry - something "The Wire" lacks.

</doc>
<doc id="6988292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988292" title="Gma films">
Gma films



</doc>
<doc id="6988294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988294" title="Marcus Child">
Marcus Child

Marcus Child (December 1792 – March 6, 1859) was a businessman and political figure in Lower Canada (now Quebec). An immigrant from the United States, he became a prosperous businessman. He was involved in improving local education in the Eastern Townships, an area which had recently opened for colonial settlement. He represented the Stanstead Township of Lower Canada, first in the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada, later in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada. He supported the "Parti patriote" in the 1830s, and fled to exile in the United States for a short time after the Lower Canada Rebellion in 1837.
Child's politics moderated after the Rebellion and he took a more conservative approach after his return. After serving one term in the Province of Canada Assembly, he continued to be active in the business and social activities of Stanstead, but later moved to nearby Coaticook. He died in 1859 of an inflammation of the lungs.
Early life and family.
Child was born in 1792 in West Boylston, Worcester County, Massachusetts. He worked for a short time for an uncle in Vermont, then emigrated to Stanstead Township, Lower Canada in 1812, where he entered business as a druggist. He gradually acquired considerable property in the area. Around 1819, he married Lydia F. Chadwick, also from Worcester, Massachusetts. The couple had children, only two of whom survived infancy: Elizabeth and George. Elizabeth predeceased her parents as an adult.
Child served as postmaster for Stanstead and as justice of the peace for the Montreal and St. Francis districts. He took a strong interest in education in the area. From 1815 to 1840, he was a visitor in the local schools. From 1822 to 1829, he was a trustee for a school established by the Royal Institution for the Advancement of Learning. He was also involved in the establishment of the first two secondary schools in the area, the Charleston Academy and the Stanstead Seminary. Child was a secretary and trustee of the Seminary, which was only one of two schools providing a classical education in the Eastern Townships. A member of the Methodist Church, he was also the secretary of the Stanstead County Bible Society, and a Grand Master of the local Masonic Lodge.
Lower Canada: Political activity.
Child first became involved in politics in 1822, when the British government was considering the reunification of Lower Canada and Upper Canada (now Ontario). The proposal triggered substantial opposition from French-Canadians in Lower Canada, but had support from English-Canadians. Child was one of the few in the largely English-settled Eastern Townships who opposed re-unification.
In 1829, a new constituency for the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada was created for the Stanstead area, to be represented by two members. Child stood for election and was one of the successful candidates. He generally supported the "Parti patriote" as a reformer. While in office, he helped obtain government funding for the Stanstead Seminary and the Charleston Academy.
Child did not stand for election in the general election of 1831, because his parliamentary duties at Quebec entailed long absences away from his family. However, he re-entered politics in a by-election in March 1833. The returning officer held that he had been defeated by the opposing candidate, Wright Chamberlain, but this decision was subsequently set aside by the Legislative Assembly on an election petition. On February 18, 1834, the Assembly held that Child had been elected.
Child was sworn into the Assembly the next day, February 19, 1834, just in time to participate in the debate on the Ninety-Two Resolutions, introduced by Louis-Joseph Papineau and other members of the "Parti patriote". The Resolutions were highly critical of the colonial government, headed by the Governor General (appointed by the British government), and the Legislative Council, an oligarchic body appointed by the Governor General and dominated by the British commercial classes of the colony. The Resolutions called for substantive constitutional reforms. The Assembly passed the Resolutions by a strong majority (56–24), with a clear split between French-Canadian and English-Canadian members. Child was one of the few English-Canadians who voted in favour of the Resolutions.
Child stood for re-election in 1834. The local paper gave him an endorsement, saying that he was "...by no means a polished orator, or calculated to shine in debate, as but few men are, but is capable of expressing himself with ease, force and clearness." His opponents ran as moderate reformers, while Child and his running mate, John Grannis, were elected as supporters of the "Parti patriote". The "Patriotes" won a strong majority overall in the province.
In the new Assembly, Child was part of the permanent committee on schools and education, charged with investigating the state of public education in the province. He also chaired a committee which investigated the conduct of the sheriff in Sherbrooke, who was part of the group supporting one of the major landholders, William Bowman Felton. The committee produced a report that was highly critical of the sheriff. Child also supported Papineau's steady attacks on the British American Land Company, a private company charged with developing Crown lands in the Eastern Townships. Child was active in the "Patriote" movement in the Eastern Townships, participating in public meetings attended by major "Patriote" leaders like Papineau, Denis-Benjamin Viger, and Augustin-Norbert Morin. However, support for the "Patriote" movement began to wane in the Eastern Townships in the mid-1830s, when Papineau suggested that the semi-feudal seigneurial system of land-holding should be extended there, replacing the freehold system based on English common law. When Grannis resigned his seat in 1836, he was replaced in the by-election by a more conservative candidate, Moses French Colby, who opposed some of the key points of the Ninety-Two Resolutions, such as making the Legislative Council elected rather than appointed. 
In November 1837, the Lower Canada Rebellion broke out. Child did not participate in any of armed battles, but he sympathised with the "Patriotes" and appears to have assisted some of them in fleeing to the United States. As a result, he was removed from his positions as postmaster and justice of the peace. In 1838, he himself went to Vermont to avoid being arrested. The outbreak of the Rebellion, and the loss of his two government positions, seems to have affected Child and his political views. One "Patriote" wrote that "[Child] worships his property too much to jeopardize his safety by doing anything or even saying anything to advance the interests of the sacred cause."
Child eventually returned to Lower Canada. His position as a member of the Lower Canada Assembly ended on March 27, 1838, with the suspension of the provincial constitution and replacement by the Special Council of Lower Canada. Although he continued to live in Stanstead, he began to develop business interests in nearby Coaticook where he established himself as a merchant, potash manufacturer, and carding-miller.
Province of Canada: Member of the Legislative Assembly.
Following the rebellion in Lower Canada, and the similar rebellion in Upper Canada in 1837, the British government decided to merge the two provinces into a single province, as recommended by Lord Durham in the Durham Report. The "Union Act, 1840", passed by the British Parliament, abolished the two provinces and their separate parliaments. It created the Province of Canada, with a single Parliament for the entire province, composed of an elected Legislative Assembly and an appointed Legislative Council. The Governor General initially retained a strong position in the government.
In 1841, Child stood for election to represent Stanstead in the new Legislative Assembly. His opponent was Moses French Colby, who had replaced Grannis in the 1837 by-election and had been Child's paired member from Stanstead in the Lower Canada Assembly. Both candidates supported the union. Child continued to represent the reform perspective, while Colby supported the more conservative perspective. The poll stayed open for twelve days, a lengthy period, as the supporters of the two candidates hotly contested the election. Child was elected.
In the first session, the major issue was a debate on the union. One of the leaders of the French-Canadian Group, John Neilson, introduced a motion condemning the way the union had been imposed on Lower Canada. Child voted in support of the union and against the motion, which was defeated. He was a consistent supporter of the Governor General throughout the term of the first Parliament, until the final session of the Assembly, when he voted against the Governor General's position.
The last major political issue of the first Assembly occurred in the third session, in 1843. The ministry headed by Louis-Hippolyte LaFontaine and Robert Baldwin resigned "en masse" in a conflict with Governor General Sir Charles Metcalfe, on the basis that the elected representatives should control appointments to government positions, not the governor. On a major debate in the Assembly on the issue, Child voted in support of the members of the Executive Council, and against the Governor General.
During his term in office, Child supported government programmes favouring agriculture, such as roads and better municipal governments. He opposed the expansion of the timber trade, and pressed for policies protecting freshwater fish spawning. He reluctantly accepted the need for tariff protection for local industries, in response to increases in American tariffs. He also argued that appointments in the post office should be brought under control of the Executive Council, apparently in reaction to his termination as local postmaster by the Postmaster General.
Child stood for election in the general elections of 1844, but was defeated by John McConnell, who supported the Governor General. When LaFontaine and Baldwin were returned to power in the 1848 general elections, Child was given control over government patronage in the Stanstead area. He sought re-election in 1851 as a LaFontaine supporter, but was defeated.
Later life and death.
Child later served as senior magistrate for Stanstead County and inspector of schools for the Saint Francis district. Following the decision of the St. Lawrence and Atlantic Railroad to build its branch line through Coaticook instead of Stanstead, Child sold his Stanstead properties and moved to Coaticook. He had earlier suggested the name "Coaticook" for the post office, based on the local Coaticook River. The name was later adopted by the town. Child was active in the business and social affairs of his new town. He changed his religious affiliation to the Anglican Church, which appeared to be an example of a shift towards a more conservative viewpoint.
He died in Coaticook in 1859, from an inflammation of the lungs.

</doc>
<doc id="6988299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988299" title="Nanovid">
Nanovid



</doc>
<doc id="6988302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988302" title="Doctrine of precedence">
Doctrine of precedence



</doc>
<doc id="6988306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988306" title="Jean Jacques Annaud">
Jean Jacques Annaud



</doc>
<doc id="6988307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988307" title="Conair Corporation">
Conair Corporation

Conair Corporation is an American company based in Stamford, Connecticut which sells small appliances, personal care products, and health and beauty products for both professionals and consumers.
It is majority-owned by private equity firm American Securities, with some minority stakes held by family members of founder Leandro Rizzuto.
History.
Founded in 1959 in a garage in Queens, New York, Conair started out by selling hair rollers and then hair dryers. It continued to expand, and became a public company in 1972, but then went private again after a leveraged buyout in 1985. It was owned by the co-founder and chairman Leandro Rizzuto until his death in 2017.
Conair is one of the largest producers of hair care appliances, ranging from hair dryers and styling irons to its innovative hair curlers, Curl Secret and Miracurl Stylers. In 1995, BaByliss was acquired by the Conair Corporation. The BaByliss brand was created by the hairstylists René Lelièvre and Roger Lemoine, working in Paris in the early 1960's. Lelièvre innovated on the early curling tong, and marketed his products for professional hair stylists. 
The company also manufactures a wide range of home kitchen appliances under its brands Cuisinart and Waring.
In 2002 Rizzuto pleaded guilty to tax evasion associated with his tenure as Chief Executive Officer of Conair, and was sentenced to a prison term of 20 to 37 months.
Conair acquired Cuisinart in 1989, Waring Products in 1998, and bag manufacturer Allegro in 2007. Pollenex was acquired after Jarden acquired Holmes in 2005, and it was rebranded as Conair Home in 2013.
In 2019, Transom Capital Group announced it has acquired Conair Corporation's professional liquids division, which will be renamed to Beauty Quest Group.
Brands.
Representative brands by division include:
Subsidiaries.
Conair sells products in over 100 countries and has offices and subsidiaries in over 12 countries including Babyliss SARL in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="6988309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988309" title="Rasch scale">
Rasch scale



</doc>
<doc id="6988317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988317" title="Dominique Ducharme">
Dominique Ducharme

Dominique Ducharme (; 15 May 1765 – 3 August 1853), from Lachine, Quebec, was a French Canadian fur trader, settler, militia officer, and public servant.
He was named François Ducharme at birth, the son of Jean-Marie Ducharme. In 1793 Ducharme was the first white European to settle in the Fox Valley. He paid two barrels of rum to two Indians for land on both sides of the Fox River near the Kaukauna rapids, this gave him control of the portage around and of the lower Fox. The Ducharme deed was Wisconsin's first recorded deed. He built a house on the land and settled there. He began trading with the Menomini and Chippewa Indians. At the time, 1,500 Indians lived in the village of Kaukauna.
The following year, he and another trader, Jacob Franks, obtained from the Menominee Indians "for value received," a 999-year lease on a total of on both sides of the Fox at La Baye; at the time Ducharme already possessed a concession on one side of the river beside one of the leased lots. He is presumed to have continued to engage in fur trading in the west for the next 15 years; certainly he acquired a working knowledge of several native dialects.
Ducharme eventually returned to the Montreal district, settling at Lac des Deux Montagnes. On 26 June 1810, he married Agathe de Lorimier, a Métis daughter of Claude-Nicolas-Guillaume de Lorimier, resident Indian agent at Caughnawaga (Kahnawake). On 21 July 1812, after the US invaded Canada, Ducharme was commissioned a lieutenant in the Pointe-Claire Battalion of Militia. In May 1813 Ducharme was ordered to the Niagara frontier, Upper Canada, in command of a party of Six Nations Indians from Lac-des-Deux-Montagnes and Saint-Régis.
He led 300 Caughnawaga Indians to reinforce the militia at Lacolle who were then transferred to Upper Canada in 1813 and based at Burlington Heights along with other native warriors. At the Battle of Beaver Dams, Ducharme organized a party of warriors who effectively forced the American detachment to surrender.
Returning quickly to Lower Canada, Ducharme was placed under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Charles-Michel d’Irumberry de Salaberry; for his participation in the Battle of Châteauguay on 26 October he was later awarded a medal and clasp. 
On one occasion, according to the journalist Pantaléon Hudon, Ducharme’s Indians tracked down and captured six deserters from Salaberry’s unit; they were court-martialled and, on the lieutenant-colonel’s orders, shot. Ducharme, who regarded such punishment as too severe, never forgave Salaberry and told him that he would have helped the men to escape had he known the fate that awaited them.
Ducharme remaining years were spent in the quiet obscurity of Lac des Deux Montagnes, where he continued as interpreter for the Indian Department. He died in 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="6988320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988320" title="Mission Accomplished (The Wire)">
Mission Accomplished (The Wire)

"Mission Accomplished" is the 12th and final episode of the third season of the HBO original series "The Wire". The episode was written by David Simon from a story by David Simon &amp; Ed Burns and was directed by Ernest Dickerson. It originally aired on December 19, 2004.
Plot.
Carcetti wonders whether Hamsterdam is a step in the right direction, but D'Agostino encourages him to use the issue in the mayoral campaign. Carcetti believes that Mayor Royce is holding off on shutting down Hamsterdam so that he can first concoct a story claiming that it was part of an enforcement strategy. Royce meets with Demper and public health academics, still considering keeping Hamsterdam open under a banner other than drug legalization. Meanwhile, Rawls and Foerster question Bunk about his investigation of Bell's murder.
At the crime scene, McNulty and Greggs are despondent that Bell was killed before they could arrest him. McNulty admits to Bunk that he is disappointed at not being able to let Bell know that he was caught talking about hiring hitmen on the wire. They execute a search warrant on Bell's address, revealing a luxurious apartment. McNulty sees that Stringer's book collection includes scholarly works such as Adam Smith's "The Wealth of Nations", realizing how little he knew about his suspect. Elsewhere, Avon mourns Bell's death while his men, assuming Marlo is behind the killing, are spoiling for retaliation. Avon tells Slim Charles that Stringer died for reasons beyond his control and that Marlo is not responsible. Avon admits he has lost interest in battling Marlo, but Charles tells him they must finish the gang war they started regardless.
At the Major Case Unit, Greggs and Freamon learn from the wiretaps that Marlo is being blamed for Bell's death, and anticipate an escalation in the violence. Colvin, who has been put on permanent leave, gives McNulty the location of Avon's safe house that Bell divulged before his murder. At the bar, Bunk speculates that Omar was involved in the murder due to shotgun shells found at the scene; McNulty doubts Bunk's theory and thinks Marlo killed Stringer. Freamon meets with Prez, who is anxious on how the review board will rule over his accidental shooting and now feels he is not meant to be a cop. When Daniels shows reluctance to move on the safe house on the basis of an anonymous tip, McNulty becomes impatient and reveals that Bell was the informant. Daniels orders the MCU to monitor the wiretaps and prepare a warrant for the safe house.
On the wiretap, the MCU learns that Charles has tracked Marlo to Vinson's rim shop, ordering his soldiers to prepare to strike. This prompts the unit to move against the safe house. Herc, Carver, and the Western's Drug Enforcement Unit assist in the bust, which leads to the arrests of Avon and his crew. Avon defiantly tells McNulty that he will be able to quickly get out of jail, only for McNulty to reveal that Bell had betrayed him. Meanwhile, Brother Mouzone takes Omar to a motel room and releases Dante. On the street, Marlo and his crew take credit for Bell's murder, unaware of how close the Barksdales came to striking against them.
Facing a media onslaught, Rawls, Burrell and Reed become concerned that Royce will make them scapegoats. Carcetti and Gray give interviews about Hamsterdam, with Gray announcing his run against the mayor. In his office, Royce sees news footage of Hamsterdam and realizes it was a political mistake to sustain the zones. When Burrell is told he will be relieved over Hamsterdam, he threatens to tell the press that the zones were operated under pressure from Royce to keep crime down. Burrell demands a full term as commissioner in exchange for pinning the blame on Colvin. Afterwards, he gives Rawls the go-ahead to forcibly empty Hamsterdam. That night, after the area has been cleared of dealers and addicts, an officer finds Johnny dead from an overdose in a vacant building.
Cutty tells Grace about his community boxing gym. She rebuffs his advances, but says she is proud of him. Cutty later finds that many of his young boxers have stopped going to the gym because there is work for them selling drugs for Marlo. Cutty tracks down Justin, who is selling drugs on a corner. When Fruit arrives, Cutty stares him down and Justin promises to return to the gym. Meanwhile, Burrell and Rawls put Colvin through humiliating treatment before relieving him of duty at a ComStat meeting. Royce manages to persuade the Deputy Drug Czar from allowing the government to cut federal funding for Baltimore over Hamsterdam.
Royce meets with Watkins, who urges him to fire Burrell. However, due to Burrell's threats, Royce refuses to let him go and tries to appease Watkins by offering support for Marla Daniels' run for a city council seat, knowing that Watkins is mentoring her. Carcetti plans his next move with D'Agostino so as to present Burrell with difficult questions at a subcommittee hearing. There, Carcetti lets Gray ask the most penetrating questions as D'Agostino advised him. Burrell places the blame firmly with Colvin, but Carcetti refuses to accept his excuses and makes a well-received speech about his inability to forgive the way that West Baltimore has been neglected. After Carcetti's speech, Watkins is congratulatory, but Gray finally realizes that Carcetti is also planning to run for mayor and feels betrayed.
Daniels reports the success of his case to Burrell, who refers to him as "Major Daniels." Surprised at the belated promotion, Daniels is told by Burrell that his promotion has been approved due to the mayor's alliance with his wife Marla, and that with the Western District vacancy, he will be named District Commander immediately. Daniels celebrates the promotion with a public meal with Pearlman. Daniels tells Pearlman that now that Marla has obtained the mayor's support, she no longer needs him as her husband.
McNulty visits the Western District and thanks Colvin for the information on Avon and tells him that Stringer is dead and Avon has been arrested. He also admits to Colvin that Stringer Bell was named as the informant on the warrant for Avon Barksdale's war room, in order to support the probable cause claim required for the warrant. McNulty assures Colvin that he thinks he is good police.
McNulty visits Beadie Russell and tells her that he would be interested in pursuing a relationship with her. She asks what happened to prompt him to visit her, and he struggles to explain it. Eventually he settles by saying that he has finished something and confesses that he feels that the qualities that make him a good detective also make him wrong for everything else. Beadie invites McNulty in for a drink, but he declines. Instead, McNulty asks to meet her kids and she agrees.
Daniels follows up on his threat to McNulty that he would have to leave the unit once the Barksdale case was over, although he appears willing to allow McNulty to stay on if he promised to remain loyal in the future. Daniels is surprised when McNulty accepts the dismissal readily, admitting that he would be better off doing something else. McNulty tells Daniels he plans to return to the Western District because it feels like home.
The season closes with a montage of scenes: Herc and Colicchio arrest young dealers; Gray campaigns for mayor; Carver, Santangelo, and a uniformed and contented McNulty attend a roll call briefing in the Western; the Hamsterdam zones are reduced to a pile of rubble; Carver visits Cutty's gym and finds him training young boxers; Crutchfield cuts Bunk's tie off as he sleeps at his desk; Donette cries over the men she has lost while Tyrell plays with his toys; Omar stands in silent contemplation before throwing his weapons into the Baltimore Harbor near the docks, where union campaign posters for Frank Sobotka can still be seen; drug dealing continues throughout Baltimore; Bodie walks the streets alone; Daniels and Sydnor take down the Barksdale investigation board; Carcetti also begins his campaign for mayor as his family watches him give a speech; McNulty walks his beat in the Western and joyfully greets members of the community he polices; Brianna Barksdale attends Avon's trial but walks out when he looks at her; Chris Partlow and Marlo also arrive at the trial, and Avon finally sees and acknowledges his adversary; Pearlman prosecutes Avon along with Barksdale Organization members Shamrock, Poot, Perry, Gerard, Sapper, Puddin, Arthur Carroll and others, all defended by Maurice Levy.
Afterward, Bubbles picks through the wreckage of Hamsterdam with his new young protégé. Colvin stands amid the demolished buildings and Bubbles greets him, reminiscing about the brief golden era when drug addicts were able to indulge their habit without being hassled by police or drug dealers. When Colvin asks if Hamsterdam was a good thing, Bubbles hesitates, then tells him he doesn't know but that things seem to have returned to the old routine.
Production.
Title reference.
The title refers to McNulty completing his goal of breaking the Barksdale organization, and Omar and Brother Mouzone completing their mission of killing Stringer. It also refers to the success of Cutty's attempts at personal reform by starting a new life as a boxing trainer.
The title is also a reference to President George W. Bush announcing the supposed end of the War in Iraq. In the audio commentary for this episode, David Simon confirmed that the season had been a symbolization of that war.
Epigraph.
Slim Charles uses this phrase to convince Avon Barksdale of the need to see their war with Marlo Stanfield through to the finish now that it is underway, even though the pretense for retaliation (the death of Stringer Bell at the hands of the Stanfield organization) is false. It is also a reference to the war in Iraq, fought on the lie of Saddam Hussein having weapons of mass destruction.
Music.
Solomon Burke's cover of Van Morrison's "Fast Train" plays over the episode's closing montage. David Simon credits co-executive producer Joe Chappelle with choosing the song.
Reception.
The Futon Critic named it the second best episode of 2004, saying "Every year, "The Wire" builds up to a boiling point where you think the good guys will win and the bad guys will lose – and damn if every year "The Wire" doesn't find a new way to show that real life never works quite like that. From the demolition of its pseudo-'Amsterdam' to McNulty's realization of 'who the hell have I been chasing,' season three once again proved why this series is an American classic."

</doc>
<doc id="6988322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988322" title="Million Voices Against Corruption, President Chen Must Go">
Million Voices Against Corruption, President Chen Must Go

Million Voices against Corruption, President Chen Must Go (百萬人民反貪腐倒扁運動) was a Taiwanese campaign led by former Chairman Shih Ming-teh of the Democratic Progressive Party to pressure then-President Chen Shui-bian to resign in 2006.
Background.
Taiwan's political scene is divided into two major groups. On one side are the pan-Blues, consisting of the Chinese Nationalist Party (Kuomintang, or KMT) and two spin-off parties, the People First Party (PFP), and the New Party. Facing them are the pan-Greens, led by the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), and its ally the Taiwan Solidarity Union (TSU). Since the accession of Chen Shui-bian of the DPP to the Presidency in 2000, the Blue-controlled legislature had struggled to oust him, making changes to the impeachment process early in his administration, and attempting to recall him several times.
The latest round of recalls by the Blue side began in the summer of 2006, following a series of accusations of corruption against Chen and members of the first family. Allegations include insider trading by Chen's son-in-law, buying and selling of shares, and improper use of government funds. The recall motion was defeated due to a lack of votes.
Chen has denied any wrongdoing and not been found guilty by the Taiwanese judicial system. But his approval ratings fell, though the polls that show this is either from pro-Blue news media (which put him at about ~20%) or of completely unsupportable methodology, such as the notorious TSU poll that had him at just 5.8%. Hence, the actual extent of the decline is unknown. There have been calls from within his own party calling for his resignation, since there was some fear among the Greens that the scandals will affect the legislative election and the Presidential election in 2008.
The "Million Voices Against Corruption" campaign began in August 2006 when former DPP chairman and long-time democracy and independence activist Shih Ming-te announced that he would launch a protest campaign to force the President to resign. Shih had stepped down as chairman of the DPP in 1995, and began a long political drift from the Green side over to the Blue. According to his own version, he left the DPP in 1999, though party members said they kicked him out in 2000, blaming his grandstanding and repeated public attacks on his colleagues. In 2001 he became convener of a local pro-Blue thinktank called the Mountain Alliance, along with two other DPP turncoats, Sisy Chen and Hsu Hsin-liang. He ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Kaohsiung, garnering 1% of the vote, and also lost legislative elections in Taipei, both times running against DPP candidates. Shih's political career appeared to be in eclipse. Several years passed.
In August 2006 Shih came back to prominence. During questioning at the Presidential Office on the afternoon of 7 August 2006, the president detailed to the prosecutor how he spent the fund and presented relevant receipts and bank remittance statements. On the same day, Shih Ming-te, a former ally of Chen, wrote a letter to Chen urging him to resign from office and to admit wrongdoing so as to "set a good example for the Taiwanese people". The proposal was rejected. On August 8 Shih announced his intention to open a bank account and collect NT$100 from supporters, which would be used to fund a protest in Taipei aimed at ousting the President.
Preparations.
On 10 August 2006, Shih Ming-te began to plan the "Million Voices against Corruption, President Chen Must Go" campaign. Shih offered to lead the Taiwanese people in street demonstrations if he were able to raise at least 100,000,000 New Taiwan Dollars (NTD) in fundraising for his campaign.
In the meantime the Pan-Green supporters criticized the actions of Shih Ming-Te. Initially they recovered letters from his past begging the government for mercy when he was a political prisoner, but such tactics were widely seen as unseemly. More effective was the fact that Shih, supposedly battling against corruption, had personal connections to former Tuntex Group chairman Chen Yu-hao, one of the island's most famous embezzlers, a connection that Shih boasts of. Chen Yu-hao is widely known to be strongly opposed to President Chen. The Greens also raised questions about Shih's own finances, and made allegations that Shih was a tool of the People's Republic of China. Security agencies found no connections, however.
Shih Ming-te called for various prominent Taiwanese (Republic of China) politicians to join in demonstrating for the resignation of Chen Shui-bian. However, although the demonstration was attended by all the major Blue politicians, no prominent Green politicians appeared.
Demonstrations.
Early sit-in protests.
On 9 September 2006, the demonstration began as a gathering in front of the presidential office. Demonstrators were organized into the shape of a compass (as viewed from the sky) to symbolize the protesters' demands for integrity within government. Free meals were offered to the demonstrators by the organizers, and various events were held, including performances by children reciting Daxue, an ancient Chinese text by Confucius and his followers. Organizers estimated the number of participants to be around 300,000 at the start of the campaign (the police estimated the number to be closer to 90,000). Demonstrators were dressed in red as a sign of anger, gestured thumbs-down as a sign of disapproval, and chanted "Ah-Bian, step down! Ah-Bian, step down!" () as they marched through downtown Taipei.
Various pro-Blue national celebrities and pan-Blue politicians (current and former) took part in the event. Demonstrators consist of Taiwanese (ROC) citizens and foreign nationals of all age groups, including students from various international schools located in Taipei and a number of Japanese-immigrated ROC expatriates. However, as numerous sources pointed out, the bulk of Shih's followers were not disappointed moderates from across the political spectrum, as campaign planners claimed, but longtime Blues. Shih himself would later concede this in an interview published in the New York Times on Sept. 28, 2006.
The "Surround the City" protest.
On the night of 15 September 2006, demonstrators organized an effort to "surround the city" () with people holding glowsticks (especially red ones), in order to "block" Chen from leaving the city, as well as to relocate the demonstrations from its original location near the presidential office to Taipei Main Station. The event proved successful despite the inclement weather. Demonstrators in red shirts held glowsticks as they marched from Gongyuan Road to the station, filling the entire road.
MRT officials announced that additional trains would run until 1 A.M. The next day, the Taipei Rapid Transit Corporation announced a new record of 1.51 million passengers passing in and out of the stations during the night of the protest. The Main Station became the most popular public resting place for the protesters past midnight because of its proximity to the protest center as well as conveniences the station provides, including shelter, food, and hygiene facilities. Critics of the demonstrations pointed out that the protests increased MRT ridership congestions, as the daily commuters must cope with the additional riders. In addition, the protests caused havoc on Taipei's already congested traffic, and the cost of the protests has become burdensome for the city's residents.
The "Surround the Island" protest.
After the 15 September 2006 demonstrations, Shih led a team of people through every major city in Taiwan () using tour buses to join local demonstrations. Organizers claim that anti-Chen protests occurred every day in October. The protests were mainly peaceful. Nonetheless, minor incidents of violence erupted when the protesters entered the Pan-Green leaning regions of southern Taiwan.
The "Besiege the Presidential Office" demonstration.
On 10 October 2006, ROC (Taiwan)'s National Day, the protesters returned to Ketagalan Avenue for another "Besiege the Presidential Office" demonstration (, a play on the phrase “天下為公“) without first seeking demonstration permits from the police. Chen was heckled by opposition legislators of the Pan-Blue Coalition during a state ceremony attended by foreign dignitaries. There were also isolated, minor incidents of violence, including fist fights between Pan-Blue and Pan-Green legislators. In response, President Chen threatened to cancel the National Day celebration for 2007 because "everyone has different opinions and doesn't care". Chen also stated his commitment to clean politics and his intolerance of governmental corruption. After the ceremony, the government criticized the demonstrators, characterizing the demonstrations as disrespectful and illegal. Notably, while attending the ceremony, the AIT (American Institute in Taiwan) top official (and de facto United States ambassador) asked the protesters "to maintain politeness".
Demonstrators claim that the guards protecting and surrounding the office wore red underwear underneath their uniforms, signifying solidarity with the protesters, though they could not display the color on their guard uniforms.
Aftermath.
Shih, a former political prisoner, has vowed to demonstrate indefinitely outside the presidential office, even until March 2008, when Taiwan (Republic of China) is due to hold the next presidential election, or until Chen, also a former political prisoner, resigns. However, in December 2006 Shih went back on this pledge, instead retiring to an apartment near the train station and promising to remain there until Chen's term was over.
On 14 October 2006, the Taipei Police repealed Shih's petition for further protest on Ketagalan Avenue because the protests on 10 October 2006 had violated the city law. Afterward, Shih agreed to shrink the size of their demonstration before planning another massive campaign.
The anti-Chen campaign achieved its intended effect of ousting the DPP from power, and returning the former Kuomintang to power. The efforts of the Pan-Blue red shirts have been widely praised by Chinese government media and various media outlets controlled by the Chinese Communist Party.
Indictment of President Chen's wife.
On 3 November 2006, Chen's wife Wu Shu-chen and three other high-ranking officials of the Presidential Office were indicted of forgery and embezzlement of NTD 14.8 million (US$450,000) of government funds using faked documents. Due to the protection from the Constitution against prosecution of the sitting president, Chen could not be prosecuted until he left office, and he was not indicted, but was alleged to be an accomplice on his wife's indictment.
The prosecutor of the case has indicated that once Chen leaves office, his office will start the procedures to press charges against Chen. His wife Wu becomes the first sitting First Lady of the Republic of China to face criminal charges since the foundation of the Republic in 1911.
The indictment filed by prosecutors states that the indicted persons obtained government funds earmarked for secret foreign affairs, yet of six supposed secret diplomatic missions, there was sufficient evidence presented for only two. Of the remaining four, it was concluded that one did not exist, and in the case of the other three, the invoices presented were not found to be related to the secret missions.
The Pan-Blue coalition, after receiving the news, demanded to call for another recall motion unless Chen resigned immediately. Another small party that backed Chen previously, Taiwan Solidarity Union, founded by former KMT Chairman and ROC President Lee Teng-hui, said Friday they would likely to support the upcoming recall measure. However, the TSU said it would only support the new recall motion if "concrete evidence concerning corruption is presented." If the recall passed, it would be up to the voters to decide Chen's fate in an island-wide referendum.
Leaders of the Democratic Progressive Party met together on Friday to discuss the unfavorable charges. The meeting ended when party leaders demanded Chen to explain the accusation within three days. There has long been rumbles inside the DPP that Chen has become their liability and that they should recall him before the presidential election. If Chen resigned, he would be the first Taiwanese president to step down and the outspoken vice president Annette Lu would likely take power.
After the prosecutor announced the indictment news, the campaign leader Shih proclaimed in a rally in Friday that the indictment was the historical high point in Taiwan and the month long campaign was a success. Then, Shih led the protesters back to Ketagalan Boulevard for more sit-in demonstrations.
In a press conference 5 November 2006, Chen rebutted the charges against his wife and members of his presidential office. He said that Taiwan government offices advised him to prepare the receipts in such a fashion, and that after 6 years of doing so, it is strange that they would never mention an irregularity if it wasn't the right way to do it. He promised that all of the money actually went to diplomatic missions and did not go into any private pockets. Furthermore, he mentioned that when he took office, he thought his salary was so excessive that he cut his own salary in half, and that reduction is more than the amount he is accused of embezzling, so there is no need for him to take those money. In addition, he said that if the charges against his wife were proven in a court of law just as they were charged, then he would at that time step down as President of the Republic of China.
The First Lady claimed to have fainted during a press conference, and is currently staying in the NTU Hospital. However, many dispute that Wu truly lost consciousness, as she grabbed a bodyguard after she collapsed.
Anniversary.
On 9 September 2007, thousand of protesters gathered at Ketagalan Boulevard to mark the one-year anniversary of the campaign. More than 1000 police officers were deployed, but no clashes were reported in the candle-lit vigil. Campaign leader Shih Ming-teh also appeared at the vigil to address the crowd. He reassured that their persistence would pay off.

</doc>
<doc id="6988334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988334" title="Alwar Lok Sabha constituency">
Alwar Lok Sabha constituency

Alwar Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 25 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Rajasthan state in India. Alwar Lok Sabha seat is dominated by Yadavs.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Alwar Lok Sabha constituency comprises eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments. These are:
Members of Parliament.
^By-Poll
Election results.
2019.
 
2018 by-election.
 
2014.
 
2004.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6988342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988342" title="Supporters' Trust at Reading">
Supporters' Trust at Reading

Supporters' Trust at Reading also known as STAR, is the official organisation representing the interests of supporters of Reading Football Club. STAR is the successor to Reading Football Supporters’ Club (RFSC), which was established in 1930.
Constitution and organisation.
STAR is the trading name of Reading Football Supporters' Society Ltd, and was incorporated in the UK in March 2002 as an industrial and provident society (IPS). On 1 August 2014 it became a Registered Society under the Co-operative and Community Benefit Societies Act 2014. Like most other supporters' trusts, STAR is a non-profit making, democratically accountable supporters' organization. It is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
The trust is managed on a day-to-day basis by a board of between 12 and 15 people, at least 8 of whom are elected by the trust's members at elections held annually. Elections to the board take place by rotation every three years and any member nominated by four other members may stand for election to the Board at the Annual General Meeting, normally held in September with nominations by the end of May.
STAR board members meet at least monthly, and are responsible for the overall policy and financial direction of the Trust, including its relationship with Reading Football Club, and other football clubs, supporters' groups, the football authorities, the media and the local and wider community.
Objectives.
STAR has the following objectives written into its constitution:
History.
Reading Football Supporters’ Club (RFSC) was founded in December 1930, largely through the inspiration of a local journalist Mr H Sirett, at a time when the football club was financially hard-pressed and facing relegation from Division Two. The first meeting was in the Railway Tavern, Greyfriars Road. Though relegation happened RFSC continued to raise funds on an extensive basis, donating funds to buy a forward (Tommy Tait) through providing refreshments in the Elm Park ground and improving the terraced accommodation.
In the post-war years RFSC ran the football club's offices and an extremely successful lottery scheme. The RFSC chairman, Jim Brooks, was also for a time on the board of Reading FC such was the supporters’ club's financial contribution. During the 1980s much of RFSC's work and infrastructure (Lottery, refreshments, souvenirs) was taken in-house by the football club though RFSC continued to run the popular Royals Rendezvous Bar on the Tilehurst Road at Elm Park and away travel coaches.
When Reading FC moved to the new Madejski Stadium in the south of the town in 1998 the role of RFSC changed substantially. It ceased to have access to a supporters’ bar and it ceased to fund-raise for the football club. Instead it concentrated on being a stronger representative of the fans’ voice, on creating member benefits and on away travel. Regular Fans Forums and discounts at the club shop were among the new benefits.
The recommendations in the Labour government's Football Task Force (1999) endorsed a new form of supporters’ organisation, the supporters trust. RFSC decided to take advantage of this opportunity and a working party under the leadership of ex-RFSC chairman Roger Titford and including several non-members of RFSC launched STAR (Supporters Trust at Reading) on 18 March 2002 in the Jazz Café at the stadium.
By combining supporters club benefits and membership levels with supporters trust infrastructure and philosophy STAR was able to gain strength and credibility quickly. Since its beginning it has met regularly with the senior management team of the club and, as a shareholder, attended all the football club's AGMs.
Activities.
STAR is an active participant within Supporters Direct and the Football Supporters' Federation.
STAR runs coaches for STAR members to all Reading FC away matches, with bookings taken in the STAR HQ behind the East Stand at the Madejski Stadium. STAR holds at least 3 Fans' Forums every season. Guests have included Sir John Madejski, Steve Coppell, Kevin Doyle, Marcus Hahnemann, Brian McDermott (footballer), Nigel Adkins and Alex Pearce. 
Representatives of STAR meet with Reading's Senior Management Team every six weeks in order to discuss supporters' issues, and also have on-going contact with the relevant people at Reading FC such as customer services or stadium manager as appropriate.
In January 2006 STAR presented Reading with the "STAR Ticketing Blueprint", outlining ways in which Reading's fans’ believe that the Club's ticketing policies should operate in the Premier League.
In April 2006 STAR organised the "Raise the Hoops" event which involved Reading supporters filling the Madejski Stadium with hoops before the Championship match with Queens Park Rangers.
In August 2006 STAR ran a highly successful campaign to persuade Reading FC to grant broadcasting rights for live matches to BBC Radio Berkshire after these were set to be granted exclusively to intermediate station Reading 107.
In August 2006, at half-time in Reading's first Premier League match, versus Middlesbrough at the Madejski Stadium, STAR was presented with a Football League Championship Winners Medal, in recognition of the contribution which STAR and all Reading supporters had made to the previous Championship winning season.
Between August and December 2007, STAR organised the production of a book entitled "Reading 'Til I Die" - an oral history collection featuring the memories and stories of a number of Reading supporters, aged between 7 and 93. 
A fuller list of STAR's efforts and effects can be seen on their website. These include creating the No.13 fans flag, organising stewarding forums, launching a travel service for disabled supporters (Readibus), enabling ‘exiled’ supporters to get away tickets, staging a re-match of Reading FC's first ever game in 1872 and running coach tours to Flanders and the Somme to commemorate Reading players who gave their lives during the 1914-18 war.

</doc>
<doc id="6988350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988350" title="Mike Davies (footballer)">
Mike Davies (footballer)

Michael John Davies (born 19 January 1966) is an English former professional footballer. He spent the entirety of his eleven-year playing career with Blackpool, for whom he became a coach after his retirement from playing in 1995. He was also their joint temporary manager with Mick Hennigan between December 1999 and January 2000.
Playing career.
Born in Stretford, Lancashire, and nicknamed "Ginge" because of his hair colour, he played for Trafford Boys. He became a successful product of Blackpool's youth department, and made over 300 appearances for "the Seasiders". He made his debut in May 1984 in a home win over Halifax Town.
Initially a right winger, he won a regular place in the team, replacing Ian Britton and forming a partnership with John Deary. Under Sam Ellis's guidance, Davies continued to play on the wide right for the next few seasons, scoring important goals that helped the team to promotion.
On 29 March 1986, Davies, a 27th-minute substitute, scored the winning goal in a 2–1 victory over Rotherham United at Bloomfield Road. The goal was greeted by "roars of acclaim" that were "a fickle contrast to the boos that greeted Davies' arrival off the subs' bench."
During the 1987–88 season, Davies was moved to the full back position, prompted by the arrival of Tony Cunningham, a move he adapted well to – so much so that the Blackpool supporters voted him the club's Player of the Year.
"A fast, tricky player with tremendous commitment, the flame-haired terrier often found himself in trouble with over-zealous referees, who didn't always appreciate his approach," wrote Roy Calley in his 1992 book, "". "One feels that if every man to have worn a Blackpool shirt over the years had showed as much commitment to the cause as Mike Davies, then "the Seasiders" would never have fallen from grace."
Blackpool F.C. Hall of Fame.
Davies was inducted into the Hall of Fame at Bloomfield Road, when it was officially opened by former Blackpool player Jimmy Armfield in April 2006. Organised by the Blackpool Supporters Association, Blackpool fans around the world voted on their all-time heroes. Five players from each decade are inducted; Davies is in the 1980s.
Post-retirement.
After he retired from playing, Davies remained on the Fylde coast, becoming a coach with Blackpool. Then also became a care worker in Blackpool.
Honours.
Blackpool

</doc>
<doc id="6988351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988351" title="Pac pix">
Pac pix



</doc>
<doc id="6988352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988352" title="Black and White in Color">
Black and White in Color

Black and White in Color (, then Noirs et Blancs en couleur for the 1977 re-issue) is a 1976 French-Ivorian black comedy war film directed by Jean-Jacques Annaud in his directorial debut. The film is set in the African theater of World War I, during the French invasion of the German colony of Kamerun. The film adopts a strong antimilitaristic point of view, and is noteworthy for ridiculing the French side even more harshly than their German counterparts.
The original French title is the first four words (the first line) of the song "Le Chant du départ", a French military song.
It won the 1976 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film; it was submitted to the Académie de Côte d'Ivoire, resulting in that country's sole Oscar.
Plot.
The film opens in 1915 in a remote French outpost located in the African colony of Cameroon. The French colonists, consisting of a small group of settlers, have been living a tranquil and isolated life, completely oblivious to the raging World War I happening far away in Europe. Their main preoccupation is maintaining a comfortable and leisurely existence.
One day, a French soldier named Gabriel Fouquet (played by Jean Carmet) arrives at the outpost, bringing the news of the war. The colonists, including the plantation owner De Sorgue (played by Jean Dufilho), his wife Lucie (played by Catherine Rouvel), and other colorful characters, are initially dismissive of the news, believing it to be irrelevant to their lives.
However, as the reality of the war begins to sink in, the French colonists decide to take action against the Germans, who are the colonial rulers in neighboring Togoland. They view it as an opportunity to demonstrate their patriotism and loyalty to France. The colonists gather their resources and organize a comical and misadventurous campaign against the Germans.
Led by De Sorgue and Sergeant Bosselet (played by Jacques Spiesser), the motley crew of colonists embarks on a journey through the African wilderness, encountering various obstacles and challenges along the way. They face not only the harsh conditions of the environment but also cultural clashes and misunderstandings as they interact with African tribes.
Despite their bumbling and amateurish attempts at war, the French colonists manage to cause some disruption to the Germans, leading to a series of humorous and unexpected situations. The film uses satire and irony to underscore the futility and absurdity of war and colonialism.
As the story unfolds, the colonists gradually come to realize the true nature of war and the complexities of the colonial system. The film juxtaposes the innocence and naivety of the colonists with the harsh realities of the conflict, challenging their romanticized notions of heroism and patriotism.
Reception.
John Simon described "Black and White in Color" as an "absolute gem". Roger Ebert gave "Black and White in Color" three out of a possible four stars, writing- "is fun to watch and pointed in its comments on race and colonialism" On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 100% based on 6 reviews, with an average score of 7.7/10.

</doc>
<doc id="6988353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988353" title="Chikkupadhyaya">
Chikkupadhyaya

Chikkupadhyaya was born (around 1640 AD) to RangAcharya and NachiyAramma in TerakanAmbi in Mysore district of Karnataka. His name at birth was Lakshmipathi. He was the elder twin brother of Devaraja. He belonged to a family of Vedic scholars and poets. He traces his lineage to Sri Allaalanatha (Kannada form of the name which denotes Kanchi Varadaraja - as described in one of the Hoysala inscriptions,) and the family deity being Kanchi Varadaraja.
He later moved to and settled in Melkote in Mandya district. He belonged to Shatamarshana (Purukuthsa, or Vishnu-vruddha) lineage of Hebbar Srivaishnava community. Nathamuni, Aalavandaar (Yaamunachaarya), Periya Thirumalai nambi and Bhagavadh Raamanuja's mother all belonged to Shatamarshana lineage. Chikkupadhyaya was a disciple of Sri Kadambi Singaracharya.
The title of Chikkupadhyaya was conferred on Lakshmipathi by Sri Chikka Devaraja Wodeyar for whom he acted as minister and teacher. 'ChikkupAdhyAya' in Kannada means teacher of Sri Chikka Devaraja Wodeyar.
He could be the most prolific writer of Kannada literature. He has more than 30 literary works to his credit. His best known works are "Vishnu Purana" (1691), "Kamalachala Mahatmya" (1681), "Hastigiri Mahatmya" (1679), "Rukmangada Charite" (1681), "Satvikabrahma-Vidya-Vilasa" on Visishtadvaita philosophy, and "Yadugiri Mahatmya" in praise of Kadambi Srirangacharya 
His other well-known works are "Divya Suri Charitre", a history of the twelve Alvar saints; "Artha Panchaka" ("Five truths"), on saint Pillai Lokacharya; a commentary on Tiruvayimozhi of mystic-saint Nammalvar; and a collection of seventy songs called "Shringarada Hadugalu" in praise of his patron Chikka Devaraja (pen-name "Chikkadevaraja").[89]
His works are 

</doc>
<doc id="6988357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988357" title="QAOP">
QAOP



</doc>
<doc id="6988366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988366" title="Business attire">
Business attire



</doc>
<doc id="6988370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988370" title="Nihat">
Nihat

Nihat is a Turkish given name for males. It means "legacy". People named Nihat include:

</doc>
<doc id="6988372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988372" title="Delamere Park">
Delamere Park

Delamere Park is an English housing estate with parkland situated in Cuddington, near Northwich, Cheshire.
General history.
Delamere Park estate is situated on land which once was part of the Wilbraham family estate.
The Wilbraham family owned the manor there from 1784 to 1939. In 1784 the extremely wealthy and powerful Wilbrahams moved the family seat from Nantwich to Cuddington building in the process one of the largest houses in the district, Delamere Lodge. It is believed that George Wilbraham, the head of the family, favoured Cuddington because it was in the midst of excellent hunting country and close to Tarporley where he was a founder member of the Tarporley Hunt Club.
Delamere Lodge (later retitled Delamere House), with its parkland, was built of Devon granite and became a symbol of the almost baronial power in the district of the Wilbrahams. During almost two centuries the family owned and controlled thousands of acres of land and farms around Cuddington and neighbouring villages. They also employed a veritable army of staff and built numerous workers' cottages and farmhouses, most of which survive to this day. Delamere House survived until just before the Second World War when the last George Wilbraham built Delamere Manor nearby. During the late 1990s to mid-2000s Delamere Manor was occupied by the British pop musician Gary Barlow.
During World War II, Delamere Park became an army transit camp providing accommodation not only for British soldiers but also for thousands of Americans who had arrived in preparation for the forthcoming D-Day landings on June 6, 1944. General George Patton even visited 'Camp Delamere' and gave a speech to the American 3rd Army troops. After the war, the army huts used to accommodate the soldiers were transformed into houses for the use of many local residents awaiting council houses from Northwich Rural District Council. These included people who were relatives of serving Polish soldiers. The presence of local people housed in temporary accommodation in what was a green belt area enabled the development of the current housing estate to take place.
The estate as it currently exists was built during the 1970s, on the initiative of Tom Baron, a director of Whelmar Limited. Delamere Park was voted North West's Best Development of the 1970s by the National House Building Council.
Delamere Camp.
The modern day appearance of Delamere Park is far removed from its past setting as one of the largest displaced persons camps in the North West of England. Delamere House itself and its surrounding parkland had been deserted for nearly a year when in 1939 the Second World War broke when Hitler's troops invaded Poland. In Britain as part of the war effort huge areas of land from several country estates were requisitioned by the War Office in order to build airfields and army camps necessary for the war effort. By 1941 Delamere Park was transformed into a vast army camp consisting of Laing and Nissen huts which housed around 15,000 American troops.
With the end of the war the MOD were faced with a new problem, that of Polish forces that fought alongside the British throughout the war, not only to free Poland but also Europe from Nazi domination. The Yalta Conference did not give Poland its freedom, on the contrary Poland now found itself under communist control. The Polish forces felt betrayed and unwilling to go back to communist-dominated Poland. The now disused camps found a new lease of life as accommodation for the Polish troops and their families.
Under the Polish Resettlement Act the first Polish troops arrived at Delamere from Italy in the summer of 1946. They were General Anders' 2 Corps Command Group. Little is known of them apart from that throughout the campaign, through Persia, the Middle East and Italy the 2 Corps artillery supply mascot was Wojtek an orphaned baby bear. Although Wojtek did not come to Delamere camp, many of the soldiers arriving there knew him and had stories about him. Wojtek's story can be found in books and on the internet.
Over the next few months the camp was filling up with women and children. Many families were reunited after years of separation arriving with no more than the clothes on their backs and a few meagre possessions. The huts had to be shared by several families so, to have some privacy, they were partitioned off with army Blankets. All sanitary facilities were shared in central ablution blocks 
Although Delamere was classified as a Polish Displaced Persons' camp, it was not run by the National Assistance Board. When the MOD left, the camp came under the jurisdiction of the local authority and with the shortage of houses it also became home to bombed out British families. 
Later on, the Ministry of Housing and the Local Authority modernised the huts into two bedroom accommodation with a sitting room, kitchen, running water and bathroom so the living conditions for the Poles improved. The two communities co-existed side by side with little integration between them. Devoted to their culture, language and religious ideals the Poles kept themselves to themselves carrying on with their deep-rooted traditions.
Today.
The Park currently 427 households, a mixture of mostly, 3-4 bedroom houses and bungalows, together with an associated exclusive clubhouse, swimming pool, squash and tennis courts. It also has a wide range of community groups.
In March 2004 a fire destroyed the leisure club building, which was then redesigned and reopened some two years later. In March, 2007, and in common with other areas of the former Vale Royal District, several plaques were erected in Delamere Park illustrating the area's history.
Book.
On the 13 June 2007 it was announced that CC Publishing were preparing to publish a book chronicling the Park's detailed history; focusing mainly on its time as a World War II army base and its subsequent accommodation for Polish military families were unable to return to their homeland. The book was released in 2008 co-authored by A.D.Coxhead and R.M.Bevan 

</doc>
<doc id="6988377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988377" title="Churu Lok Sabha constituency">
Churu Lok Sabha constituency

Churu () is one of the 25 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Rajasthan state in India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Churu Lok Sabha constituency comprises eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments. These are:
Election results.
2019.
 
2014.
 
2009.
 
2004.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6988382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988382" title="Denison Smock">
Denison Smock



</doc>
<doc id="6988387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988387" title="Tümer">
Tümer

Tümer is a Turkish male given name and surname. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="6988390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988390" title="Cryptographic nonce">
Cryptographic nonce

In cryptography, a nonce is an arbitrary number that can be used just once in a cryptographic communication. It is often a random or pseudo-random number issued in an authentication protocol to ensure that each communication session is unique, and therefore that old communications cannot be reused in replay attacks. Nonces can also be useful as initialization vectors and in cryptographic hash functions.
Definition.
A nonce is an arbitrary number used only once in a cryptographic communication, in the spirit of a nonce word. They are often random or pseudo-random numbers. Many nonces also include a timestamp to ensure exact timeliness, though this requires clock synchronisation between organisations. The addition of a client nonce ("cnonce") helps to improve the security in some ways as implemented in digest access authentication. To ensure that a nonce is used only once, it should be time-variant (including a suitably fine-grained timestamp in its value), or generated with enough random bits to ensure an insignificantly low chance of repeating a previously generated value. Some authors define pseudo-randomness (or unpredictability) as a requirement for a nonce.
Nonce is a word dating back to Middle English for something only used once or temporarily (often with the construction "for the nonce"). It descends from the construction "then anes" ("the one [purpose]"). A false etymology claiming it to stand for "number used once" or similar is incorrect.
Usage.
Authentication.
Authentication protocols may use nonces to ensure that old communications cannot be reused in replay attacks. For instance, nonces are used in HTTP digest access authentication to calculate an MD5 digest of the password. The nonces are different each time the 401 authentication challenge response code is presented, thus making replay attacks virtually impossible. The scenario of ordering products over the Internet can provide an example of the usefulness of nonces in replay attacks. An attacker could take the encrypted information and—without needing to decrypt—could continue to send a particular order to the supplier, thereby ordering products over and over again under the same name and purchase information. The nonce is used to give 'originality' to a given message so that if the company receives any other orders from the same person with the same nonce, it will discard those as invalid orders.
A nonce may be used to ensure security for a stream cipher. Where the same key is used for more than one message and then a different nonce is used to ensure that the keystream is different for different messages encrypted with that key; often the message number is used.
Secret nonce values are used by the Lamport signature scheme as a signer-side secret which can be selectively revealed for comparison to public hashes for signature creation and verification.
Initialization vectors.
Initialization vectors may be referred to as nonces, as they are typically random or pseudo-random.
Hashing.
Nonces are used in proof-of-work systems to vary the input to a cryptographic hash function so as to obtain a hash for a certain input that fulfils certain arbitrary conditions. In doing so, it becomes far more difficult to create a "desirable" hash than to verify it, shifting the burden of work onto one side of a transaction or system. For example, proof of work, using hash functions, was considered as a means to combat email spam by forcing email senders to find a hash value for the email (which included a timestamp to prevent pre-computation of useful hashes for later use) that had an arbitrary number of leading zeroes, by hashing the same input with a large number of values until a "desirable" hash was obtained.
Similarly, the Bitcoin blockchain hashing algorithm can be tuned to an arbitrary difficulty by changing the required minimum/maximum value of the hash so that the number of bitcoins awarded for new blocks does not increase linearly with increased network computation power as new users join. This is likewise achieved by forcing Bitcoin miners to add nonce values to the value being hashed to change the hash algorithm output. As cryptographic hash algorithms cannot easily be predicted based on their inputs, this makes the act of blockchain hashing and the possibility of being awarded bitcoins something of a lottery, where the first "miner" to find a nonce that delivers a desirable hash is awarded bitcoins.

</doc>
<doc id="6988391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988391" title="Tumer">
Tumer



</doc>
<doc id="6988393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988393" title="Spare Parts">
Spare Parts

A spare part is an item of inventory used to replace failed parts.
Spare Parts may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6988395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988395" title="Metin Tümer">
Metin Tümer



</doc>
<doc id="6988397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988397" title="Metin Tumer">
Metin Tumer



</doc>
<doc id="6988414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988414" title="Scrubs tv series">
Scrubs tv series



</doc>
<doc id="6988415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988415" title="Thomas Cushing Aylwin">
Thomas Cushing Aylwin

Thomas Cushing Aylwin (January 5, 1806 – October 14, 1871) was a lawyer, political figure and judge in Lower Canada (now Quebec). He was born in Quebec City and trained as a lawyer, including a period of education at Harvard University. He developed a reputation as an excellent trial lawyer, particularly in criminal cases. He became interested in politics and supported the nationalist "Parti canadien" (later the "Parti patriote") in their struggles with the British governors of the province. He did not support the armed rebellion in 1837, but defended some of the individuals accused of treason or other crimes for their roles in the rebellion.
After the creation of the Province of Canada in 1841, merging Lower Canada with Upper Canada, Aylwin was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the new province. Fluently bilingual, he was renowned for his debating skills in the Assembly, in either language, often with a fair bit of sarcasm. He served twice as the solicitor-general of Lower Canada, in the Reform ministries of Louis-Hippolyte Lafontaine and Robert Baldwin. In 1845, he fought a duel with a former Executive Council colleague, Dominick Daly, over Daly's lack of support for responsible government in the ministerial crisis of 1843.
In 1848, Lafontaine appointed Aylwin to the Court of Queen's Bench for Lower Canada, partly to make space on the Executive Council for another member of the Reform coalition. Aylwin served as a judge for twenty years, and continued to build on his reputation for detailed knowledge of the law, coupled with the ability to move quickly to the key points in issue in a case. His eloquence, now on the bench, continued to draw notice. However, in 1860 he had a stroke, which reduced his health and his mental acuity. He resigned from the bench in 1868, and died in 1871.
Aylwin was married three times, and widowed twice. None of his marriages produced children.
Early life and education.
Aylwin was born in Quebec City in 1806, son of Thomas Aylwin and of Louise-Catherine Connolly. His paternal grandparents were Thomas Aylwin and Lucy Cushing, who had moved to Quebec from Massachusetts after the outbreak of the American Revolution. His grandfather was a merchant at Quebec, as was his father.
Aylwin's education began in a private school operated by a Presbyterian minister, Daniel Wilkie. He studied for a short time at Harvard University, without taking a degree.
Legal career.
Aylwin articled in law, first with Louis Moquin and Louis Plamondon in Quebec, then with John Thompson in Gaspé, who was later appointed to the district court. Aylwin was called to the bar in 1827. Fluently bilingual, he acted as an interpreter in the courts in Quebec in his mid-teens.
He entered the practice of law in partnership with Edward Short, who later was also a member of the Legislative Assembly and then appointed to the bench. Aylwin developed a reputation as an excellent criminal lawyer, able to see the strengths and weaknesses in a case better than other lawyers. He was also known for his eloquence in court, in both English and French. Following the Lower Canada Rebellion in 1837, he was defence counsel for some of the prisoners who had taken up arms.
Aylwin was appointed Queen's Counsel in 1842, on his appointment as Solicitor-General of Lower Canada.
Political career.
Lower Canada.
Aylwin began his political involvement in the 1830s, as a founding member of the Constitutional Association of Quebec, which aimed at increasing popular control of government through the elected Legislative Assembly. He wrote numerous "slashing" articles published in the newspapers, critiquing Governor General Lord Gosford's policies. He agreed with some of the policies of the "Parti patriote", but did not support their move to rebellion under the leadership of Louis-Joseph Papineau. Following the Lower Canada Rebellion in 1837–1838, he was defence counsel for some of prisoners who were arrested after taking up arms.
Province of Canada.
Role in the Legislative Assembly.
As a result of the Lower Canada Rebellion, and a similar rebellion the same year in Upper Canada (now Ontario), the British Parliament passed the "Union Act" which merged the two Canadas into the Province of Canada. There was a single Parliament for the new province, composed of an elected Legislative Assembly and an appointed Legislative Council. The Governor General retained a strong position in the government.
The "Union Act" came into force in 1841, and Aylwin stood for election to the new Legislative Assembly, the lower house of the Parliament. He was elected by acclamation to the Legislative Assembly district of Portneuf, campaigning against the union of the Canadas.
In the first session of the Parliament, the first major item of business was a motion on the union of the Canadas. The motion passed, supporting the union. Opposition to the motion came from the group of French-Canadian members, along with some English Canadians from Canada East, and the Ultra Reformers from Canada West. Aylwin voted with the French-Canadian group, opposed to the union. As the session went on, Aylwin's voting pattern demonstrated that he was a consistent opponent of the government of Governor General Lord Sydenham.
Aylwin became recognised as a leader in parliamentary debates, due to his personal popularity and also his talents in oratory and argument, honed in his years as a courtroom barrister. He was able to argue the strong points of his position, and clearly point out the weaknesses in opposing views. Although he generally voted along the same lines as the French-Canadian Group, he was not a close member of the Group and had little in common with many of them. In debate, he often used "sarcasm and vituperation", and was later said to have had a "tongue that cut like a sword".
Solicitor General, 1842–1843.
Lord Sydenham died suddenly at the end of the first session of the new Parliament. His successor as governor general, Sir Charles Bagot, had to reconstruct the ministry. Sydenham had tried to have a broad-based ministry, reducing the strength of the Reformers and the French-Canadians, but those two groups had developed their strength in the Assembly, under the leadership of Louis-Hippolyte LaFontaine from Canada East, and Robert Baldwin from Canada West. Bagot found that he had to invite them into the Executive Council. Aylwin was appointed Solicitor-General for Lower Canada, replacing Charles Dewey Day, a Tory. The law at that time required that a member of the Assembly who took an office under the Crown had to resign his seat in the Assembly and stand for re-election. Aylwin was re-elected in the Portneuf riding.
During his time as Solicitor-General, Aylwin gave strong support for a proposal made by another member, John Solomon Cartwright, for the creation of juvenile reform schools for young offenders, who at that time were housed in the same prisons as adult offenders. The Assembly referred the matter to a special committee for consideration. However, the proposal never came to a vote, as the Legislative Assembly was prorogued in December 1843, upon the resignation of the Lafontaine–Baldwin ministry.
Resignation of LaFontaine-Baldwin ministry 1843.
The LaFontaine-Baldwin ministry only lasted a year, from September 1842 to November 1843. Governor General Bagot died in early 1843 and was replaced by Sir Charles Metcalfe. Metcalfe had instructions from the British government to prevent party rule from developing, and to retain the governing powers of the Crown. LaFontaine and Baldwin, on the other hand, were determined to develop responsible government in Canada, which would require the Governor General to appoint the ministry from the political group which controlled the elected Legislative Assembly, and allow the ministers to appoint government officials who would carry out their policies.
Matters came to a head in October and November 1843, when Metcalfe filled various government positions without consulting the Executive Council. On November 28, 1843, all but one of the members of the LaFontaine-Baldwin ministry resigned their positions in the Executive Council in protest. The only exception was the Provincial Secretary, Dominick Daly, who remained in office alone.
Opposition 1843 – 1848.
Governor General Metcalfe prorogued the first Parliament in 1843 after the resignation of the Executive Council, and did not recall it. In 1844 he dissolved Parliament, triggering new general elections. The Reformers in Upper Canada lost significantly, changing the balance of power in the new Legislative Assembly. Metcalfe was able to draw on more conservative members to form a new ministry.
Aylwin again stood for Parliament in 1844, this time in Quebec City, and was elected. His background as a strong supporter of the French-Canadian group, and his fluent bilingualism, stood him in good stead with the electorate. He was also one of the leading party organisers for Lafontaine in Quebec City, with considerable success.
Aylwin became a leading figure on the opposition benches in the new Parliament, with his lawyer's skill in debate and his personal popularity. His debating style was could be both eloquent and aggressive, relying on sarcasm as well as his understanding of the issues. One contemporary newspaper described him as "Short, nearsighted, and (at this time at least) never quite sober, Aylwin commanded not by his physical presence as much as by his charming, genial bluffness and, above all, by his prodigious bilingual gift for words."
One target of his tongue was his former colleague, Dominick Daly, still in government. In 1845, there was a particularly pointed exchange of comments in the Assembly between Aylwin and Daly over Daly's refusal to resign from the Executive Council with the rest of the Lafontaine-Baldwin ministry in 1843. Tempers flared, resulting in a duel between the two men. They met and shots were fired, but neither was injured, leading to a settlement of the dispute.
Solicitor-General 1848.
Aylwin was re-elected for Quebec City in the general elections of 1848, which the Reform alliance won. Lafontaine and Baldwin formed their second ministry, and Aylwin was again appointed Solicitor-General for Lower Canada. He had to stand for election under the same law as earlier, for taking a position under the Crown. 
The election was held quickly and he was re-elected on March 28, 1848. However, he only held the position for a short time, as Lafontaine offered him an appointment to the Court of Queen's Bench for Lower Canada, in Quebec City, possibly to make room for another member of the Reform group, Hume Blake. Aylwin accepted the appointment on April 26, 1848, and left politics.
Court of Queen's Bench.
In 1848, Aylwin accepted the appointment as judge if the Court of Queen's Bench, sitting first in Quebec. He later was transferred to Montreal. In 1854, he was also appointed to the Seigneurial Court, which was set up to resolve claims resulting from the abolition of seigneurial tenures of land-holding.
While on the bench, Aylwin continued to maintain his reputation for deep knowledge of the law, clear understanding of the issues presented, and eloquence in his charges and decisions. He presided over trials in both English and in French. However, in 1860 he had a paralytic stroke which impaired both his physical and mental abilities. He resigned from the bench in 1868, on a pension.
Marriages and later life.
Aylwin was married three times, and widowed twice. His first wife was Margaret Nelson Hanna, whom he married in Quebec City in 1832. In 1836, after the death of his first wife, he married Eliza Margaret Felton of Sherbrooke. She also predeceased him. In 1850, he married Anne Blake. He did not have any children from the three marriages.
After retiring from the bench, Aylwin lived in strict seclusion in his home in Montreal.
He died in Montreal on October 14, 1871. He was buried at Mount Hermon Cemetery in Sillery, on October 17, 1871.
Aylwin Township in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada, was named in his honour in 1858. It was renamed Kazabazua in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="6988421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988421" title="Canabalise">
Canabalise



</doc>
<doc id="6988424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988424" title="Jhunjhunu Lok Sabha constituency">
Jhunjhunu Lok Sabha constituency

Jhunjhunu () is one of the 25 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Rajasthan state in western India. Brijendra Singh Ola is incumbent member of the Lok Sabha from Jhunjhunu.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Jhunjhunu Lok Sabha constituency comprises Eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments. These are:
Election results.
1998.
 &lt;section begin="General Election 1998"/&gt; 
&lt;section end="General Election 1998"/&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6988426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988426" title="Elenoa Mara">
Elenoa Mara



</doc>
<doc id="6988427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988427" title="Conway numbers">
Conway numbers



</doc>
<doc id="6988429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988429" title="Dead like Me">
Dead like Me



</doc>
<doc id="6988432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988432" title="Conway number">
Conway number



</doc>
<doc id="6988434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988434" title="Catherine Rouvel">
Catherine Rouvel

Catherine Rouvel (born Catherine Vitale; 31 August 1939 in Marseille) is an acclaimed French actress. Her career spans from 1959 in television to 2004.
At 14, she took dance classes, which she abandoned in favor of theater. She made her debut with plays by Molière. She read Racine and, with Marie-France Boyer, founded the Théâtre Grignan (1956-1957), which became the Théâtre Quotidien de Marseille.
In film, she starred in Jean Renoir's "Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe", Marcel Carné's "Les Assassins de l'ordre" and in the 1976 Jean-Jacques Annaud film "Black and White in Color".

</doc>
<doc id="6988443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988443" title="Jain Dharma">
Jain Dharma



</doc>
<doc id="6988458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988458" title="Interdepartmental Liaison Group on Risk Assessment">
Interdepartmental Liaison Group on Risk Assessment

The UK Interdepartmental Liaison Group on Risk Assessment (ILGRA) was "an informal committee of officials responsible for policy development and practical applications of risk assessment in all major Departments."
The overriding purpose of ILGRA is to "secure coherence and consistency within and between policy and practice in risk assessment as undertaken by Government, and help disseminate and advance good practice." It achieves these aims through holding regular meetings, at which risk assessment issues are discussed. Reports are then prepared by ILGRA members to ministers in the relevant UK Government departments.
ILGRA meetings and resultant reports tend to focus predominantly on health, safety and environmental risks, although its remit is not confined to this areas exclusively.

</doc>
<doc id="6988466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988466" title="Nazir (Talmud)">
Nazir (Talmud)

Nazir () is a treatise of the Mishnah and the Tosefta and in both Talmuds, devoted chiefly to a discussion of the laws of the Nazirite laid down in Numbers 6:1-21. In the Tosefta its title is "Nezirut" ("Nazariteness"). In most of the editions of the Mishnah, this treatise is the fourth in the order Nashim, and it is divided into 9 chapters, containing 48 paragraphs in all.
Summary of the Mishnayot.
The different kinds of vows.
Chapter 1: The different kinds of vows which involve compulsory Nazariteship (§§ 1-2); Nazariteship for life, Samson's Nazariteship (compare Judges 12:4 et seq.), and the difference between these two kinds (§ 2); Nazariteship is calculated by days only, not by hours, and generally lasts thirty days if no definite period is given (§ 3); different expressions which make a sort of lifelong Nazariteship compulsory, although the hair may be cut once in thirty days (§ 4); peculiar indefinite expressions used in connection with the vow (§§ 5-7).
Chapter 2: Whether vows which are expressed in a peculiar, incorrect manner are binding (§§ 1-2); cases in which a clearly expressed vow of Nazariteship is not binding (§ 3); vows made under conditions incompatible with Nazariteship (§ 4); combination of two Nazariteships, or of one with the vow to bring an additional sacrifice for a Nazarite; conditional vows (§§ 5-9).
Chapter 3: When a Nazarite may cut his hair in case he has vowed only one term of Nazariteship, or when he has vowed two successive terms (§§ 1-2); whether a Nazarite who has become unclean on the last day of his term must recommence his Nazariteship, and the cases in which he must do so (§§ 3-4); the case of one who vows Nazariteship while in a burial-place (§ 5); Nazariteship may be observed only in the Holy Land; Helena, Queen of Adiabene, once vowed Nazariteship for seven years, and fulfilled her vow; but when she went to the land of Israel at the end of the seventh year, the Bet Hillel decided that she must observe her vow for another period of seven years, since the time which she had spent outside of the land of Israel could not be taken into account (§ 6).
Wards and minors.
Chapter 4: Cases in which a person utters a vow of Nazariteship and those present say, "We too"; dispensation from such vows; concerning the nullification of a wife's vows of Nazariteship by her husband (§§ 1-5); the father may make a vow of Nazariteship for his minor son, but not the mother; and in like manner the son, but not the daughter, may, in certain cases and in certain respects, succeed to the father's term of Nazariteship (§§ 6-7).
Chapter 5: Cases in which a person dedicates or vows something by mistake; Nazarites who had made their vows before the destruction of the Temple, and, on coming to Jerusalem to offer their sacrifices, had learned that the Temple had been destroyed (§ 4); conditional Nazaritic vows (§§ 5-7).
Sacrifices of Nazarites.
Chapter 6: Things forbidden to the Nazarite; enumeration of the different things coming from the vine; cases in which a Nazarite is guilty of trespassing against the interdiction prohibiting the drinking of wine (§§ 1-2); cases in which he is guilty of trespassing against that concerning the cutting of his hair (§ 3); in what respects the interdiction against defilement by a corpse is more rigorous than those against drinking wine and cutting the hair, and in what respects the last two interdictions are more rigorous than the first (§ 5); sacrifices and cutting of the hair if the Nazarite has become unclean (§ 6); sacrifices and cutting of the hair when the Nazariteship is fulfilled; burning of the cut hair under the pot in which the flesh of the sacrifice is cooked; other regulations regarding the sacrifices by Nazarites (§§ 7-11).
Chapter 7: The Nazarite and the Kohen Gadol may not defile themselves through contact with corpses even in the case of the death of a near relative; discussion of the question whether the Nazarite or the high priest defiles himself if both together find a corpse which must be buried and no one else is there to do it (§ 1); things which defile the Nazarite, and other regulations regarding the uncleanness of a person entering the Temple (§§ 2-3).
Chapter 8: Regulations in cases where it is doubtful whether the Nazarite has become unclean.
Chapter 9: Unlike slaves and women, "Kutim" (Samaritans) may not make a Nazaritic vow; in what respects Nazaritic vows of women are more rigorous than those of slaves, and vice versa (§ 1); further details regarding the defilement of a Nazarite; the examination of burial-places, and, in connection therewith, rules for the examination of a person suffering from discharges or tzaraath (§§ 2-4); discussion of the question whether Samuel was a Nazarite (§ 5).
Tosefta.
The Tosefta to this treatise is divided into six chapters. Noteworthy is the story it narrates of the high priest Simon the Just, who never partook of the sacrifice offered by a Nazarite, with the exception of that offered by a handsome youth from the south, since in this case he could assume that the young man had made his vow with the best intentions and acceptably to God. When Simon asked why he had decided to clip his hair, the youth replied that on beholding his image in a pool he had become vain of his own beauty, and had therefore taken the Nazaritic vow to avoid all temptations (4:7).
Talmud.
The Babylonian Gemara, whose introductory passage explains, by a reference to the Bible why the treatise Nazir belongs to the order Nashim, contains also many interesting teachings, including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="6988483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988483" title="Imbros Gorge">
Imbros Gorge

Imbros Gorge (, Faragi Imbrou) is an 11 km long canyon located near Hora Sfakion in southern Crete, the Mediterranean island. It runs parallel to Samariá Gorge, its narrowest part has 1.60 m and it ends at the village of Kommitádes (8 km/ 650 m for hiking). The Imbros village (aka Nimbros) is located at an altitude of 780 meters and is at the South end of the fertile plain of Askyfou.
The legend tells that two brothers were banished from Imbros, Turkey and lived in the Imbros village, Crete.
The Imbros Gorge mule trail was the only connection between Chania and Hora Sfakion, before the road was built. Remains of this trail can be still seen. The gorge witnessed an evacuation of several thousand British soldiers during World War II before heading to Egypt.
Hiking:

</doc>
<doc id="6988489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988489" title="Central State Hospital">
Central State Hospital

Central State Hospital may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6988490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988490" title="Savete">
Savete



</doc>
<doc id="6988491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988491" title="Sir Thomas Heywood, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Thomas Heywood, 2nd Baronet



</doc>
<doc id="6988495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988495" title="Brassin">
Brassin

Brassin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6988501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988501" title="Serpent's Pass">
Serpent's Pass



</doc>
<doc id="6988504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988504" title="House of Württemberg">
House of Württemberg

The House of Württemberg is an ancient German dynasty and former royal family of the Kingdom of Württemberg.
History.
County.
The House probably originated in the vicinity of the Salian dynasty. Around 1080 the ancestors of modern Württemberg, which was then called "Wirtemberg", settled in the Stuttgart area. Conrad of Württemberg became heir to the House of Beutelsbach and built the Wirtemberg Castle. Around 1089, he was made Count. Their domains, initially only the immediate surroundings of the castle included, increased steadily, mainly through acquisitions such as those from impoverished homes of Tübingen.
Duchy.
At the Diet of Worms in 1495, Count Eberhard V was raised to Duke ("Herzog") by the German King, later Holy Roman Emperor, Maximilian I. During 1534 to 1537 Duke Ulrich introduced the Protestant Reformation, and the country became Protestant. Duke Ulrich became head of the local Protestant Church.
In the 18th Century, the Protestant male line became extinct, the head of the house was succeeded by Duke Charles Alexander, a Roman Catholic. Despite having a Catholic royal family, Protestantism survived as the established church, run by a church council composed by members of the nobility of Württemberg. From 1797, with the accession of Duke Frederick II, the royal family was again Protestant.
Kingdom.
Due to the political upheavals during the reign of Napoleon I, and being an ally of Napoleon, Württemberg became a part of the Confederation of the Rhine, Duke Frederick II was made Elector in May 1803, he collected and received secularized and mediated dominions, which greatly enlarged his country in territorial extension. In January 1806 he assumed the title of King of Württemberg.
In 1828 King William I adopted a new house law, the rights and obligations of the ruling family have been established, including the exclusive primogeniture in the male line as well as marriage restrictions on coequal level.
In 1867 the House created the Royal Dukedom of Urach for a younger cousin, Prince Wilhelm, 1st Duke of Urach, whose parents had married morganatically in 1800, whereby their sons were excluded from ruling the kingdom. In 1871 the Royal Dukedom of Teck was created for the same dynastic reason for Francis, Duke of Teck.
At the end of World War I during the German Revolution all the monarchies in Germany were abolished, King William II abdicated on 30 November 1918. When former King William II died in 1921 the senior branch line of the House of Württemberg became extinct, the headship of the House passed to a distant relative, Albrecht, Duke of Württemberg.
Dynasty.
The line of succession of the house of Württemberg has continued to the present, although the house no longer plays any political role. 
Heads of the House of Württemberg since 1918
The former royal family still owns the castles Monrepos, Altshausen and Friedrichshafen.
Branches.
All branches descend from Frederick II Eugene, Duke of Württemberg (1732–1797). Succession is on the basis of Agnatic primogeniture
Through the marriages of its female members, many royal families descend from any of the Württemberg branches. Royal houses include: Bourbon, Liechtenstein, Orléans, Windsor, Wied-Neuwied, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="6988506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988506" title="List of presidents of the Chamber of Deputies of Luxembourg">
List of presidents of the Chamber of Deputies of Luxembourg

The president of the Chamber of Deputies (Luxembourgish: "Chamberpresident", French: "Président de la Chambre des Députés", German: "Präsident der Abgeordnetenkammer") is the presiding officer in Luxembourg's unicameral national legislature, the Chamber of Deputies. The current president is Claude Wiseler who is the 40th person to hold the position.
The person holding the office is sometimes referred to as the "First Citizen of the Country" (Luxembourgish: "éischte Bierger vum Land").
Note that, during recess, the chamber does not have a president. However, for continuity purposes, unless the president changes between one parliamentary session and another, the presidency is treated as though it is held continuously.
In addition, there were four extraordinary sessions, for which the Presidents were selected by virtue of being the oldest members. In these cases, the Presidents were:

</doc>
<doc id="6988511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988511" title="Nižná Myšľa">
Nižná Myšľa

Nižná Myšľa () is a village and municipality in the Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records, the village was first mentioned in 1270.
Geography.
The village stands at an elevation of 235 metres and covers an area of . It has a population of about 1,400.

</doc>
<doc id="6988513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988513" title="Old Linslade">
Old Linslade



</doc>
<doc id="6988514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988514" title="Nizna Mysla">
Nizna Mysla



</doc>
<doc id="6988516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988516" title="Timeline of Cuban History">
Timeline of Cuban History



</doc>
<doc id="6988517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988517" title="Sir Arthur Heywood">
Sir Arthur Heywood



</doc>
<doc id="6988521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988521" title="Stanley Menzo">
Stanley Menzo

Stanley Purl Menzo (born 15 October 1963) is a Dutch football manager and former professional player who played as a goalkeeper. He is currently the manager of the Suriname national team. 
He spent ten full seasons at Ajax, appearing in more than 300 official matches with the club and winning nine major titles. He represented the Netherlands national team in one World Cup and one European Championship.
Menzo has previously managed AGOVV, AFC, Volendam, Cambuur, Lierse, Ajax Cape Town, Aruba and Beijing Guoan.
Club career.
Born in Paramaribo, Suriname, Menzo arrived at Eredivisie giants Ajax at the age of 19, from amateurs AVV Zeeburgia.
Menzo deputised for Hans Galjé during the 1983–84 and 1984–85 seasons, in which he played only a few matches. After a loan to fellow league side Haarlem from September 1983 to March 1984, he became the starter for the 1985–86 campaign. Newly appointed manager Johan Cruyff believed that Menzo was one of the first goalkeepers who could also make his mark as a field player.
Throughout the 1980s, Menzo was subjected to racist abuse from fans.
Menzo then proceeded to remain an undisputed starter for seven full seasons, helping Ajax to the 1989–90 national title, as well as the 1986–87 European Cup Winners' Cup and the 1991–92 UEFA Cup. However, after a game in the latter competition the following season, a 4–2 loss at Auxerre, during which he scored an own goal, he lost his place to youth graduate Edwin van der Sar, and never regained it.
In the summer of 1994, Menzo signed with PSV Eindhoven, where he backed up Ronald Waterreus for two seasons. The 33-year-old managed to revive his career in Belgium with Lierse, which he helped win one league and one cup, eventually amassing nearly 100 official appearances. For a brief period of time, he also played in France for Bordeaux, arriving in August 1997 to replace Gilbert Bodart. However, having lost his place to Ulrich Ramé (who would be the club's first-choice for the next decade), he returned to Lierse in January 1998.
In the summer of 2001, after a second spell at Ajax, Menzo joined amateur club AGOVV, helping it to the amateur title. He retired from football at the end of the season.
International career.
Menzo gained six caps for the Netherlands, the first arriving in 1989. He then spent nearly three years without any further appearances, but was summoned for the squads present at both the 1990 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 1992, as third-choice.
After legendary Hans van Breukelen retired from international play following the latter competition, Menzo was named the starter for the qualification stages of the 1994 World Cup; following two unassuming performances, the 1–2 loss in Norway and a 2–2 home draw against Poland, he was benched, and ultimately did not even make the squad at all (Ed de Goey, Theo Snelders and Van der Sar would be the goalkeepers listed as starter, reserve and third respectively).
Managerial career.
In the summer of 2004, after former Ajax teammate Marco van Basten became head coach of the national team, Menzo was named its goalkeeping coach, remained there for two years.
When coach Peter Bosz left in June 2002, Menzo became AGOVV's manager, remaining in the position for only one season: AGOVV became a professional club in the second division, but he did not have the qualifications to exercise in that category, subsequently moving to Amsterdam-based amateur club AFC.
In February 2005, Menzo received the necessary diploma to coach professional clubs. That summer, he returned as head manager of AGOVV. A year later, he joined Volendam, lasting two seasons (incomplete) and signing with Cambuur, which he led to the second position in the second level in 2009–10, even though the team ultimately failed in the playoffs.
In October 2010, Menzo resigned from his position at Cambuur in order to join Vitesse as assistant to new head coach Albert Ferrer. In May 2013, he became the head coach of Lierse, where he stayed until his sacking at the end of August 2014. On 28 October 2016, Menzo was appointed head coach of South African Premier Soccer League team, Ajax Cape Town. He left just before Christmas 2017.
On 14 January 2019, Menzo was appointed as the manager of the reserve team of Beijing Sinobo Guoan in China.
On 29 August 2022, Menzo was appointed as the manager for Beijing Guoan's first team. His appointment was terminated less than a year later on 11 June 2023 after a mediocre start to the team's 2023 season saw the team settle in mid-table positions.
Honours.
Ajax
Lierse

</doc>
<doc id="6988523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988523" title="Denílson">
Denílson

Denílson is a Portuguese given name. Among people with this name are:

</doc>
<doc id="6988528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988528" title="Helensburgh, New South Wales, Australia">
Helensburgh, New South Wales, Australia



</doc>
<doc id="6988531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988531" title="Nižný Lánec">
Nižný Lánec

Nižný Lánec () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records, the village was first mentioned in 1268.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 200 metres and covers an area of 4.1 km².
It has a population of 417 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6988532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988532" title="Nizny Lanec">
Nizny Lanec



</doc>
<doc id="6988538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988538" title="Cerastium biebersteinii">
Cerastium biebersteinii

Cerastium biebersteinii, the boreal chickweed, is an ornamental plant in the genus "Cerastium" and the family Caryophyllaceae. It is an endemic of the Crimea. The species is named after a German botanist Friedrich August Marschall von Bieberstein.
Description.
The plant is perennial and herbaceous. The stem is 15–25 centimeters high.
The leaves are whitish and tomentose, flat or linear prolonged, a bit acute, smooth-edged 0.2–3 centimeters long and 1–9 millimeters wide.
The flowers are white, 1.5–2.2 centimeters in diameter, situated in cymes on top of the sprout. Blooming period is from the end of April to the end of May.
Habitat.
The Crimea is the unique natural habitat of this plant. It is also present in Crimean yayla grass.
Preservation.
The species is included into the Red Book of Ukraine, the Red Book of Crimea, and the European Red List. It is preserved and grown on the territory of such environmental facilities as the Crimean Nature Reserve, the Yalta Mountain-Forest Nature Reserve, and the Qarabiy yayla mountain range.
Uses.
The plant is used for ornamental purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="6988539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988539" title="Screen angle">
Screen angle



</doc>
<doc id="6988540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988540" title="Task Management Function">
Task Management Function



</doc>
<doc id="6988541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988541" title="Cerastium biebersteini">
Cerastium biebersteini



</doc>
<doc id="6988542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988542" title="Virgilio Ranzato">
Virgilio Ranzato

Virgilio Ranzato (May 7, 1882 in Venice – April 20, 1937 in Como) was an Italian composer and violinist.
Biography.
Ranzato began his career firstly as violin player on the Conservatory in Venezia and Milan. Later he studied musical composition as well. Than he worked mostly as chamber music player or conductor. From around 1910 he worked mostly as a composer, and besides others he wrote an opera "Campane di guerra" (1933, Milan), and several operettas. Ranzato served as concertmaster for the LaScala Orchestra under Arturo Toscanini. He made several recordings on the Pathe label.

</doc>
<doc id="6988544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988544" title="Zehlendorf near Oranienburg">
Zehlendorf near Oranienburg



</doc>
<doc id="6988547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988547" title="Boreal chickweed">
Boreal chickweed



</doc>
<doc id="6988548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988548" title="Durham University Botanic Garden">
Durham University Botanic Garden

Durham University Botanic Garden is the botanical garden of Durham University, located in Durham, England. The site is set in of mature woodlands in the southern outskirts of the city. The garden was founded in 1925 and has been located on its present site since 1970; the visitor centre was opened in 1988 by the then Chancellor of Durham University, Dame Margot Fonteyn. The garden attracts over 80,000 visitors annually and has been featured in "The Guardian"s "Country Diary" and on Channel 4's "Matt Baker: Travels with Mum &amp; Dad". It is the only remaining botanic garden in the northeast of England and has been included in Durham County Councils Local List of Historic Parks, Gardens and Historic Landscapes.
History.
The site of the botanic garden was parkland associated with Oswald House, which stood on the site of Collingwood College. By the late 19th century this was formalised, with field boundaries removed and tree clumps introduced, followed by specimen trees. Some of these 19th century specimen trees were later incorporated into the botanic gardens.
The original Durham University Botanic Garden was established in 1925 adjacent to the university's science laboratories, where the university's Bill Bryson Library now stands. Increased pressure on land for buildings on that site led to the garden being relocated to its current site on Hollingside Lane behind Grey College in 1970. It was then part of the university's Botany Department and the gardens included greenhouses used for teaching and research.
A guidebook from the 1970s stated that: "Because the garden is still in its early developmental stage, it is not appropriate to encourage visits from the general public at this time." However, by the late 1980s it was receiving 6,000 visitors annually and a visitor centre was built in 1988 to accommodate these.
The botanic garden was identified as a non-designated heritage asset in the City of Durham Local Plan and this was later confirmed in Durham County Council's Local List of Historic Parks, Gardens and Designed Landscapes. Since the closure of the University of Newcastle's Moorbank Botanic Gardens in 2014, it is the only botanic garden in the northeast of England.
Features.
The garden has an array of exotic plants with collections ranging from Chile in South America, China and Japan in the Far East, as well as from Southern Africa and New Zealand.
The garden is also home to an arboretum, Alpine garden and bamboo grove. Within the glasshouses tropical rainforest flora, desert plants and species from the Mediterranean are on show as well as tropical insects such as stick insects, scorpions, butterflies and tarantulas.
There are self-guided tours and trails around the garden, including a science trail, a quiz trail and a nature trail aimed at children. The gardens also host a variety of events

</doc>
<doc id="6988552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988552" title="University of Colombo School of Computing">
University of Colombo School of Computing



</doc>
<doc id="6988554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988554" title="John Komlos">
John Komlos

John Komlos (born 28 December 1944) is an American economic historian of Hungarian descent and former holder of the chair of economic history at the University of Munich.
Personal life.
Komlos was born in 1944 in Budapest in Hungary during the Holocaust. After becoming refugees during the 1956 revolution, his family fled to the United States where Komlos finally grew up in Chicago.
Career.
Komlos received a PhD in history in 1978 and a second PhD in economics in 1990 from the University of Chicago. After inspired by Robert Fogel to work on the history of human height, Komlos devoted most of his academic career developing and expanding the research agenda that became known as Anthropometric history, the study of the effect of economic development on human biology as indicated by the physical stature or the obesity rate prevalence of a population.
Komlos was a fellow at the Carolina Population Center of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1984 to 1986. He worked as a professor of economics and of economic history at the University of Munich for eighteen years before his retirement.
In 2003, Komlos founded "Economics and Human Biology", a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on biological economics, economics in the context of human biology and health. In 2013, he was elected a Fellow of the Cliometric Society.

</doc>
<doc id="6988557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988557" title="John McDermott">
John McDermott

John McDermott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6988558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988558" title="Unicursal hexagram">
Unicursal hexagram

The unicursal hexagram is a hexagram or six-pointed star that can be traced or drawn unicursally, in one continuous line rather than by two overlaid triangles. The hexagram can also be depicted inside a circle with the points touching it. It is often depicted in an interlaced form with the lines of the hexagram passing over and under one another to form a knot. It is a specific instance of the far more general shape discussed in Blaise Pascal's 1639 "Hexagrammum Mysticum".
Giordano Bruno.
In his work titled "Essays upon the Mathematics of Mordente: One Hundred and Sixty Articles against the Mathematicians and Philosophers of this Age" (Prague: 1588), Italian philosopher, cosmological theorist, and Hermetic occultist Giordano Bruno used the unicursal hexagram symbol to represent "Figura Amoris" ("figure of love") part of the Hermetic trinity in his mathesis.
Thelema.
In Aleister Crowley's Thelema, the hexagram is usually depicted with a five-petalled flower in the centre which symbolises the pentagram. The hexagram represents the heavenly macrocosmic or planetary forces and is a symbol equivalent to the Rosicrucian Rose Cross or ancient Egyptian ankh. The five petals of the flower represent the microcosmic forces of 5 elements of the magical formula YHShVH and is a symbol equivalent to the pentagram or pentacle. The two symbols together represent the interweaving of the planetary and elemental forces.

</doc>
<doc id="6988564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988564" title="Junius Ralph Magee">
Junius Ralph Magee

Junius Ralph Magee was a bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church and The Methodist Church, elected in 1932.
Birth and family.
He was born 3 June 1880 in Maquoketa, Iowa, the son of John Calvin and Jane Amelia (Cole) Magee. Junius married Harriet Ammie Keeler 10 September 1902. They had two children: J. Homer and Dorothy J. Mrs. Magee died in October 1943.
Education.
Junius was educated at the Iowa State Teachers College, earning the B.Di. degree in 1901. He continued his education at Morningside College, earning the Ph.B. degree in 1904. He then entered the Boston University School of Theology, earning the S.T.B. degree in 1910. Junius was a member of the honorary fraternities Pi Gamma Mu and Pi Kappa Delta.
Honorary degrees.
Bishop Magee was awarded the LL.D. degree in 1931 by his alma mater, Morningside College. Upper Iowas University honored him with the D.D. degree in 1921. The College of Puget Sound awarded him the L.H.D. in 1932.
Ordained ministry.
Rev. Magee was ordained in the M.E. Church in 1906. He served the following appointments in Iowa: Rustin Ave. in Sioux City (1902–04); Paullina (1904–07). Rev. Magee then served these appointments in Massachusetts: Falmouth (1907–11); First Church, Taunton (1911–14); Daniel Dorchester Memorial Church, Boston (1914–19); St. Mark's Church, Brookline (1919–21). Rev. Magee then transferred to Washington state, where he served these appointments: First Church, Seattle (1921–28); then Superintendent of the Seattle District (1929–32). Rev. Magee was elected a delegate to General Conferences in 1928 and 1932.
Episcopal ministry.
Upon his election to the Episcopacy, Bishop Magee was assigned to the St. Paul episcopal area (1932–39). In the newly formed Methodist Church, Bishop Magee was assigned the Des Moines Area (1939–44), followed by the Chicago Area (1944- ).
Service to the Greater Church and Community.
As Bishop Magee also served as President of the Board of Pensions of The Methodist Church, Inc. in Illinois, and of the Board of Education of the Church. He served as a member of the Board of Missions, the Board of Lay Activities, and the Commission on Overseas Relief.
In St. Paul, Bishop Magee served as the President of Hamline University, 1933-34. In Seattle he served on the Mayor's Commission on Unemployment (1931). In Chicago he served on the Mayor's V-E Day Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="6988568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988568" title="Steven McDonnell (Gaelic footballer)">
Steven McDonnell (Gaelic footballer)

Steven McDonnell (born 13 July 1979) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played in the full-forward line for his home club Killeavy St Moninna's and at senior level for the Armagh county team.
McDonnell is his county's top scorer in National Football League history, finishing his career with 33–282 (381) in that competition.
Playing career.
Raised in Killeavy, near Newry, Northern Ireland, the highlight of his career was his county's All-Ireland SFC winning victory over Kerry by a scoreline of 1–12 to 0–14 in the 2002 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final at Croke Park, where he kicked the winning point. He also received the first of his three All-Stars for his performances that year. In 2003 he was named GPA Footballer of the Year, and the Ulster GAA Writers' Player of the Year.
In 2006 he secured an Ulster Senior Football Championship winning medal for his part in Armagh's easily won victory over rivals Donegal. In 2010 he captained Armagh to a National Football League Division 2 title after beating Down in the final in Croke Park.
In 2010 he was also named captain of the Ireland International rules team. In 2011 he became the first ever player in the history of the International rules to score over 100 points. He finished his International career with a tally of 118 points.
On 12 April 2012, McDonnell announced his retirement.
He has been involved in both coaching and management.

</doc>
<doc id="6988573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988573" title="Gerald Peary">
Gerald Peary

Gerald Peary (born October 30, 1944) is an American film critic, filmmaker, editor of the University Press of Mississippi, and a former curator of the Harvard Film Archive.
Early life and education.
Peary graduated from Rider University in 1964, went on to earn an MA in drama from New York University in 1966, and received a Ph.D. in Communications at the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1977 with the dissertation, "The Rise of the American Gangster Film, 1913-1930." Peary was a 1986 Fulbright Fellow in Belgrade, studying Yugoslavian film comedy.
Career.
Peary moved to Cambridge, Massachusetts, in 1978 to work as a first-string critic for "The Real Paper", an alternative weekly, which closed in 1981. He is married to producer and filmmaker Amy Geller, former artistic director of the Boston Jewish Film Festival. Peary is the brother of American film critic and sportswriter Danny Peary.
He was a reviewer and columnist for the "Boston Phoenix" from 1996 until its demise in 2012. He is now a critic-at-large for The Arts Fuse, a Boston-based online arts magazine. He was from 1998 to 1999 the Acting Curator of the Harvard Film Archive and was general editor of the University Press of Mississippi "Conversations with Filmmakers Series". From 1997-2021, he was the programmer/curator of the Cinematheque at Boston University's College of Communication, bringing independent filmmakers to show their works. He has programmed for the Institute of Contemporary Art-Boston, the Vancouver International Film Festival, and helped choose films for the Edinburgh International Film Festival.
His cinema articles have appeared in the "Boston Globe", "Los Angeles Times", "The Globe and Mail", "Chicago Tribune", and "The Real Paper". Peary has also contributed to numerous magazines, including "Positif", "Film Comment", "Cineaste", "Sight &amp; Sound", the "Boston Review", "Flare", and "Maclean's".
Peary is a member of the Boston Society of Film Critics, the National Society of Film Critics, and FIPRESCI (the International Film Critics Association). He has frequently served as president of international critics' juries at film festivals including Rotterdam, Bangkok, Hong Kong, Karlovy Vary, San Francisco, and Mar del Plata. Peary has taught film studies and screenwriting classes at many universities, including The University of Wisconsin-Whitewater, Livingston College-Rutgers University, Boston University, Concordia University (Montreal), and Simon Fraser University (Vancouver). He taught for over 30 years at Suffolk University, Boston, where he was a professor of communication and journalism. He retired and was named Professor Emeritus in 2015.
Peary also made the feature documentaries "Archie’s Betty" (2015) and "The Rabbi Goes West" (2019). He made his acting debut playing a chess champion in Andrew Bujalski’s acclaimed independent feature, "Computer Chess" (2013).
Upon being asked "What drew you to film criticism?", Peary replied, "I’m a film critic for my love of film. I want other people to see the same films that I saw and love. From the age of four, I was going to movies all the time."

</doc>
<doc id="6988574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988574" title="Colin McEvedy">
Colin McEvedy

Colin Peter McEvedy (6 June 1930 – 1 August 2005) was a British polymath scholar, psychiatrist, historian, demographer and non-fiction author.
Early life.
Colin Peter McEvedy was born in Salford, Lancashire on 6 June 1930. He was the third son of Peter George McEvedy, a renowned surgeon, who was born in New Zealand. Colin was educated at Harrow School, where he was a scholar, and Magdalen College, Oxford.
Career.
McEvedy's profession was psychiatry, in which he had a distinguished career. He became perhaps better known, though, as a historian and demographer, and certainly so by the public at large. Between 1961 and 2002 he produced a number of historical atlases which, unlike most such atlases, feature fixed base-maps; in most cases, each atlas uses a single principal base-map, which is shown repeatedly, at many dates, as the atlas goes along, thus illustrating changes over the ages, from ancient down to modern, within the chosen area. The accompanying text, typically, is mostly a running commentary on what the maps of a given atlas show. Another feature of the atlases is McEvedy's witty and engaging writing-style, which he used on occasion to challenge established opinions among historians and demographers. Although he was not, strictly speaking, a professional in those fields, he became professionally respected in them, with his views making their way into standard textbooks.
He died in London, following a diagnosis of terminal myelofibrosis.
Family life.
McEvedy had three daughters, Binky, Flora, and Allegra and a son, Phillip. Flora McEvedy is the author of "The Step-Parents' Parachute", published by Piatkus Books in 2009. His youngest daughter, Allegra McEvedy, is a noted chef, co-founded the Leon Restaurants chain, and was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2008 Birthday Honours.
Publications.
Penguin Historical Atlases
The Atlas of World History (with Sarah McEvedy)
Unpublished Volumes:
Other Books
Articles

</doc>
<doc id="6988577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988577" title="Mouse-ear chickweed">
Mouse-ear chickweed



</doc>
<doc id="6988579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988579" title="Rwanda national cricket team">
Rwanda national cricket team

The Rwandan national cricket team is the team that represents Rwanda in international cricket. They became an affiliate member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) in 2003 and an associate member in 2017.
History.
2000-2008.
2004 marked the genesis of Rwanda national team's participation in regional and international tournaments, their very first being the African Affiliates Championship in 2004, where they finished seventh in South Africa. In 2006 they competed in Division Three of the African region of the World Cricket League, improving their performance and finishing in sixth. They remained in Division Three in 2008.
In 2008, they participated in the ICC World Cricket League Africa Region Division Three hosted by South Africa and reached semi finals.
2009-2015.
In 2009, the national team participated in the African Cricket World Cup qualifiers in Malawi and in the ICC Africa Twenty20 Division Three in 2011 hosted by Ghana and emerged as the winners against Seychelles.
2015-2020.
In 2016, captain Eric Dusingizimana set a world record for the longest individual net session in an attempt to raise funds for the construction of a new cricket stadium.
In 2017, they became an associate member of the ICC.
In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Rwanda and other ICC members since 1 January 2019 have the T20I status.
In March 2018 the Rwanda Cricket Association named former Kenyan international Martin Suji as head coach on an initial four-month contract, encompassing the 2018–19 ICC World Twenty20 Africa Qualifier Eastern Subregion tournament.
Grounds.
Gahanga International Cricket Stadium and Kicukiro Oval located in IPRC Kigali former ETO Kicukiro are the main cricket grounds in Kigali. In August 2011, Rwanda Cricket Stadium Foundation was formed to build and manage, on a not-for-profit basis, the first dedicated international cricket ground in Rwanda. It is located on a 4.5-hectare site on the edge of Kigali, Rwanda's capital.
The charity is run by a team of cricket enthusiasts from the UK Christopher Shale and Rwanda in partnership with the Marylebone Cricket Club Foundation. The ground was expected to be completed in 2014.
The construction of Rwanda's first dedicated cricket ground will provide a permanent home for the sport, helping its development and increasing opportunity for thousands of disadvantaged young people.
In 2012, Brian Lara agreed to become one of the patrons. The stadium is also supported by former British Prime Minister David Cameron, Andrew Mitchell, Jonathan Agnew, Heather Knight, Peter Gummer, Baron Chadlington
Current squad.
This lists all the players who have played for Rwanda in the past 12 months or has been part of the latest T20I squad. "Updated as of 24 October 2024."
Records and statistics.
International Match Summary — Rwanda
"Last updated 26 July 2025"
Twenty20 International.
Most T20I runs for Rwanda
Most T20I wickets for Rwanda
T20I record versus other nations
"Records complete to T20I #3375. Last updated 26 July 2025."
Other matches.
For a list of selected international matches played by Rwanda, see Cricket Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="6988580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988580" title="The right to remain silent">
The right to remain silent



</doc>
<doc id="6988593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988593" title="Bracovce">
Bracovce

Bracovce () is a village and municipality in the Michalovce District in the Košice Region of Slovakia.
History.
In historical records, the village was first mentioned in 1227. Before the establishment of independent Czechoslovakia in 1918, it was part of Zemplén County within the Kingdom of Hungary.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 105 metres and covers an area of  (2020-06-30/-07-01).
Population.
It has a population of 930 people (2020-12-31).
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Presov, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6988596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988596" title="Seven-Year Wars">
Seven-Year Wars



</doc>
<doc id="6988599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988599" title="Inner harbor, syracuse">
Inner harbor, syracuse



</doc>
<doc id="6988609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988609" title="Australian marbled catshark">
Australian marbled catshark

The Australian marbled catshark ("Atelomycterus macleayi") is a coloured catshark of the family Atelomycteridae, found in the eastern Indian Ocean, endemic to Western Australia between latitudes 12 and 21°S, from the surface to deep. Its length is up to 60.0 cm (23 inches), and it typically inhabits coastal waters with sandy or rocky bottoms.

</doc>
<doc id="6988610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988610" title="St. Bonaventure's College">
St. Bonaventure's College



</doc>
<doc id="6988611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988611" title="Sikar Lok Sabha constituency">
Sikar Lok Sabha constituency

Sikar () is one of the 25 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Rajasthan state in India. Amra Ram is incumbent member of the Lok Sabha from Sikar.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Sikar Lok Sabha constituency comprises eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments. These are:
Election results.
2014.
 
2009.
 
2004.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6988613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988613" title="Atelomycterus macleayi">
Atelomycterus macleayi



</doc>
<doc id="6988620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988620" title="Adolescent pregnancy">
Adolescent pregnancy



</doc>
<doc id="6988631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988631" title="Dharma religious">
Dharma religious



</doc>
<doc id="6988635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988635" title="Komundo">
Komundo



</doc>
<doc id="6988642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988642" title="Roman Catholic Church in Canada">
Roman Catholic Church in Canada



</doc>
<doc id="6988649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988649" title="Sand crane">
Sand crane



</doc>
<doc id="6988653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988653" title="Line of succession to the Serbian Throne">
Line of succession to the Serbian Throne



</doc>
<doc id="6988654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988654" title="Sand crain">
Sand crain



</doc>
<doc id="6988655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988655" title="Diana Weston">
Diana Weston

Diana Weston (born 13 November 1953) is a Canadian-British actress who has been on British television since 1975. She is a grandchild of Charles Basil Price.
Biography.
Career.
Weston's first role was in a 1975 episode of "Thriller", and parts in "Raffles", "The Sweeney", "The Professionals", "Agony", "Shoestring" and "Bless Me, Father" soon followed. She also appeared in the video for the 1984 Ultravox single "Dancing with Tears in My Eyes". Since the late 1980s, she has appeared in "The New Statesman", "Boon", "A Bit of a Do", "About Face", "Nightingales", "Jonathan Creek", "Casualty", "Emmerdale", "My Family", "New Tricks" and a main role in the 2000 sitcom "Pay and Display".
However, it is for the role of Caroline in the sitcom "The Upper Hand" that she is best known, starring alongside Joe McGann and Honor Blackman, with the show being produced for ITV from 1990 to 1996.
Personal life.
Diana Weston had a long relationship with the actor Robert Lindsay, and they had one daughter, Sydney (born 1988), who has also made television appearances. She and Lindsay ended their relationship after he left her for actress/presenter Rosemarie Ford, although she continued to work with him on occasion.
References.
Upper Hand on ITV

</doc>
<doc id="6988658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988658" title="Richard Williams (UK journalist)">
Richard Williams (UK journalist)



</doc>
<doc id="6988664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988664" title="D-shackle">
D-shackle



</doc>
<doc id="6988671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988671" title="Kodak Picture Kiosk">
Kodak Picture Kiosk

Kodak Picture Kiosk (previously known as Kodak Picture Maker) is a line of self service photo printing kiosks manufactured by the Eastman Kodak company.
The units typically consist of an order station connected to one or more dye-sublimation printer(s) in a single unit. These stations are typically installed in a retail location such as Kodak Express stores, supermarkets and drugstores offering both instant print and behind the counter services. The kiosks allow printing digital photos from digital media (such as a CD or a digital memory card), as well as the ability to scan existing photos and perform simple edits and photo-enhancements via the touch screen interface. Some systems are set up as "order stations" that print to a digital minilab in addition to (or instead of) printing the pictures instantly.
The first Kiosk, named the Kodak Picture Maker was introduced in the late 1990s, followed by second, third (G3) and fourth generation (G4) picture kiosks. The most recent model is the Kodak Picture Kiosk G4XE, introduced in 2009.
Application software.
Connectivity.
The kiosk uses a range of direct inputs and online image hosting services to allow the user to upload their photos for printing. Input options vary on the kiosk generation and the location. Mac formatted USB Drives are not recognized. A list of inputs is shown below:
The kiosk accepts picture files in JPEG, Bitmap or TIFF formats.
Enhancements.
The kiosk uses a variety of picture enhancement tools to allow the user to make their photos better. These include:
Developing.
The kiosk prints photos in multiple sizes and enlargements, dependent on the retailer and equipment available. Alongside the photo packages available, a user may also choose between individual sizes, including 4×6 in. (10×15 cm), 5×7 in. (13×18 cm), 6×8 in. (15×20 cm), 8×10 in. (20×25 cm), and 8×12 in. (20×30 cm)
The kiosk can also print photo IDs suitable for driving licenses, passports and ID cards, as well as automatically generated collages, monthly &amp; yearly calendars, greeting cards, pages for bound photo albums, and other products.
Newer kiosks are also capable of burning Picture CDs and/or DVDs.

</doc>
<doc id="6988672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988672" title="Thraupis">
Thraupis

Thraupis is a genus of birds of the tanager family occurring from Mexico to Argentina and Brazil. Some are familiar species with large ranges. In Brazil it's called Pipira-azul "("pronn": peepeeră, æzoól") when it has a tone blue color, when it has green tone color is called "Pipira-verde" or "Pipira-Vierde" on mexico"."
These tanagers are mainly found in semi-open habitats including plantations and open woodland, but some will venture into towns. They feed from medium to high levels in trees, taking mainly fruit, with some nectar, and insects which may be taken in flight. The pair builds a usually well concealed cup nest, but the female incubates alone. The blue-gray and palm tanagers will nest in buildings. "Thraupis" tanagers have squeaky call notes and songs which consist of 5-10 repetitions of a single or double note.
Taxonomy and species list.
The genus was introduced by the German naturalist Friedrich Boie in 1826 with the golden-chevroned tanager as the type species. The name of the genus is the Ancient Greek word for an unidentified small bird mentioned by Aristotle.
The genus formerly included the blue-and-yellow tanager and the blue-capped tanager. These were moved to other genera based on the results of molecular phylogenetic studies.
The genus contains seven species.

</doc>
<doc id="6988675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988675" title="FS Foch (R 99)">
FS Foch (R 99)



</doc>
<doc id="6988678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988678" title="FS Clemenceau (R 98)">
FS Clemenceau (R 98)



</doc>
<doc id="6988681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988681" title="Picture Maker G3">
Picture Maker G3



</doc>
<doc id="6988689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988689" title="Area Bishop of Dorchester">
Area Bishop of Dorchester



</doc>
<doc id="6988698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988698" title="Media Vision (computer audio)">
Media Vision (computer audio)



</doc>
<doc id="6988702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988702" title="H₂ausos">
H₂ausos



</doc>
<doc id="6988703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988703" title="Paul Hearty">
Paul Hearty

Paul Hearty is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as goalkeeper for the Armagh county team. He was named in goal for the 2006 "Irish News" Ulster Allstars team for his performances in Armagh's 2006 Uster championship win.
Club.
Hearty was part of the Crossmaglen team that won 13 Armagh Senior Football Championships in a row between 1996 and 2008. This equals the national record for consecutive county football championships set by Ballina Stephenites of Mayo between 1904 and 1916. The 2008 win was Crossmaglen's 37th in all, also drawing them level with Castleblayney Faughs's record of most county football championships ever. Hearty has also won the Ulster Senior Club Football Championship seven times and the All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship four times with the club. Hearty, along with Oisín McConville, John McEntee, Tony McEntee, Francie Bellew and Cathal Short is one of six Crossmaglen players to have shared in all these successes since 1996.
Hearty retired from the Crossmaglen Rangers in 2017 at the age of 39 but came out of retirement in 2018 for one game at the age of 40 as an emergency goalkeeper a year later in a league match against Armagh harps. He also filled-in as substitute goalkeeper for Crossmaglen in the 2020 county final against Maghery at the age of 42 but did not play. Crossmaglen lost the match 0-17 to 4-09. This was the first time they had lost a county final in 38 years.
County.
Hearty also was substitute goalkeeper on the 2002 All-Ireland winning football team, and played on the losing side the following year against Tyrone. He has 6 ulster championship medals a national league and was nominated for an all-star in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="6988705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988705" title="Episcopal Area of Dorchester">
Episcopal Area of Dorchester



</doc>
<doc id="6988706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988706" title="Telstar I">
Telstar I



</doc>
<doc id="6988708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988708" title="Coral catshark">
Coral catshark

The coral catshark ("Atelomycterus marmoratus") is a species of coloured catshark belonging to the family Atelomycteridae. It is common on shallow coral reefs across the Indo-West Pacific, from Pakistan to New Guinea. Reaching up to in length, the coral catshark has an extremely slender body, a short head and tail, and two dorsal fins that are angled backwards. It can be identified by the numerous black and white spots on its back, sides, and fins, which often merge to form horizontal bars. Furthermore, adult males have distinctively long and thin claspers.
Reclusive and inactive during the day, at dusk and at night, the coral catshark actively forages for small, bottom-living invertebrates and bony fishes. Its slender form allows it to access tight spaces on the reef. It is oviparous; females lay purse-shaped egg capsules two at a time on the bottom, and the young hatch after 4–6 months. This small, harmless shark adapts well to captivity and has reproduced in the aquarium; it is regarded as one of the most suitable shark species for private aquarists. The coral catshark is a minor bycatch of reef fisheries, with minimal commercial value. Increasing fishing activity and extensive habitat degradation occur within its range, leading to concern over its population and its assessment as near threatened by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Taxonomy.
The coral catshark was first described by an anonymous author, usually thought to be English zoologist Edward Turner Bennett, in the 1830 "Memoir of the Life and Public Services of Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles". Its original name was "Scyllium marmoratum", from the Latin "marmoratus" meaning "marbled". Hence, another common name for this species is marbled catshark. In 1913, Samuel Garman placed it in his newly created genus "Atelomycterus". The type specimen was caught off Sumatra, and is thought to have been lost.
Description.
The coral catshark has a very slender, cylindrical, firm body and a short, narrow head. The snout is short and slightly flattened, with a blunt tip. The eyes are horizontally oval and protected by rudimentary nictitating membranes; behind are spiracles of moderate size. The large nostrils are mostly covered by broad, triangular flaps of skin on their anterior margins, leaving small incurrent and excurrent openings. The nasal flaps reach the mouth, obscuring a pair of broad grooves connecting the excurrent openings and the mouth. The long, angular mouth has very long furrows at the corners extending onto both the upper and lower jaws. The small teeth have a narrow central cusp flanked by 1–2 cusplets on both sides. There are five pairs of gill slits.
The pectoral fins are fairly large. The first dorsal fin is angled backwards and originates over the rear of the pelvic fin bases; the second dorsal fin is similarly shaped and slightly smaller than the first, and originates over the front quarter of the anal fin base. Adult males have thin, tapering claspers that extend about two-thirds of the distance between the pelvic and anal fins. The anal fin is much smaller than the dorsal fins. The caudal fin is relatively short and broad, with an indistinct lower lobe and a ventral notch near the tip of the upper lobe. The skin is thick and covered by well-calcified dermal denticles. Extremely variable in coloration, the coral catshark lacks prominent saddle markings, but rather has many black and white spots on a grayish background. These spots often run together to form horizontal dashes, which include white tips on the dorsal fins and a white stripe through the gill slits. The underside is plain white. This species grows up to long.
Distribution and habitat.
The most widely distributed member of its genus, the coral catshark can be found from Pakistan and India to Southeast Asia and Taiwan, including the Philippines and New Guinea. Its range extends as far north as the Ryukyu Islands. Early records from Australian waters are in fact of the related Australian marbled catshark ("A. macleayi") and banded sand catshark "(A. fasciatus"). Common and bottom-dwelling in nature, the coral catshark inhabits inshore coral reefs at depths not exceeding .
Biology and ecology.
The elongated body of the coral catshark allows it to move into and through small spaces in the reef environment, though it does not "crawl" using its pectoral and pelvic fins like the epaulette shark ("Hemiscyllium ocellatum"). It is primarily crepuscular and nocturnal, with active foraging activity beginning in the afternoon and ending before sunrise. During the day, it generally hides under shelter such as reef overhangs or sunken logs, either singly or in groups. Individual sharks may return to the same hiding place on successive days. This species feeds on small benthic invertebrates and bony fishes; captive specimens have been observed lying still and lunging at prey that comes into range.
The coral catshark is oviparous, with the female producing eggs two at a time. Each egg is enclosed in a purse-shaped capsule roughly long and wide, with two constricted "waists"; one end of the capsule is squared off, while the other bears two short "horns" that may terminate in short tendrils. The female deposits the eggs on the bottom, rather than attaching them to vertical structures. The capsule is light brown when freshly laid and darkens over time. The eggs hatch in 4–6 months at . Newly hatched sharks measure long and have a contrasting dorsal pattern of light and dark vertical bars, sometimes with black and white dots. At 3 months old, the young have grown by and their coloration has faded to match that of the adults. Males and females attain sexual maturity around and , respectively.
Human interactions.
Common in the aquarium trade, the coral catshark is regarded as well-suited to larger home aquaria because of its small size, hardiness, and attractive appearance. It requires a tank at least long, with sufficiently deep hiding places. This shark tends to be more aggressive than other small sharks, often attacking tankmates larger than it can consume. Captive individuals have been known to live up to 20 years, and the species has reproduced in the aquarium. 
Small numbers of coral catsharks are caught incidentally by artisanal reef fishers in eastern Indonesia and likely elsewhere; it may be sold for meat or processed for fishmeal and liver oil, but its size limits its economic importance. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed this species as near threatened, and notes that with more data, it may meet the criteria for vulnerable. It is likely threatened by the rising fishing pressure throughout its range, and by widespread habitat degradation from blast fishing, pollution, and the mining of coral for use as building material.

</doc>
<doc id="6988716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988716" title="Atelomycterus marmoratus">
Atelomycterus marmoratus



</doc>
<doc id="6988717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988717" title="CADDS">
CADDS



</doc>
<doc id="6988729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988729" title="Matthew Leuenberger">
Matthew Leuenberger

Matthew Leuenberger (born 7 June 1988) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Lions and the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Leuenberger represented Western Australia in the 2006 AFL Under 18 Championships and was rewarded with All-Australian selection as the ruckman.
Leuenberger was drafted to the Brisbane Lions with their first selection and fourth overall in the 2006 national draft. He made his debut against the West Coast Eagles in round 14, 2007 at Subiaco Oval. His first two seasons saw him play 19 matches, and the first three of 2009 before sustaining a knee injury. He missed the remainder of the season after his knee became infected following surgery, and consequently lost 11 kilograms.
Leuenberger played every match for 2010 and 22 in 2011, and amassed 724 hitouts during 2011, the second most in the league after finals. During the 2012 pre-season, he suffered from tendonitis in his achilles, but was declared fit for the round one match against , however, he re-injured his achilles in round three against , which saw him miss the remainder of the season.
Leuenberger missed the start of the 2013 season returning from injury, but was recalled to the senior side in round 2. Despite persistent injuries, speculation arose that he would be a trade target as one of the "AFL's most wanted players," however, he re-signed with Brisbane in June, eliminating a potential trade at the end of the season. He was named best-on-ground in the sixth QClash against and was awarded the Marcus Ashcroft Medal, after 20 disposals, 7 tackles, and 29-hitouts.
Leuenberger played the first four games of the 2014 season before succumbing to another long-term injury, where he tore his meniscus and would miss at least three months. After missing more than four months, he returned for the final round clash against at Simonds Stadium.
The 2015 season saw Leuenberger as the backup ruckman to Stefan Martin and he was predicted to leave Brisbane to a team where he would be the number one ruckman. At seasons end, he decided to leave Brisbane through free agency and nominated as his club of choice. He officially joined Essendon on 15 October.
After playing 29 games for Essendon and 108 for the Brisbane Lions Leuenberger announced his immediate AFL retirement despite being offered a new contract for 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6988737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988737" title="Cruciate eminence">
Cruciate eminence



</doc>
<doc id="6988740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988740" title="Ingram Wilcox">
Ingram Wilcox

Ingram Wilcox is an English quizzer who became the sixth person to win the £1,000,000 prize on "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" in the UK, and the fifth legitimate contestant to do so. He has also successfully competed in several other television and radio quizzes since the 1970s, including "Brain of Britain", "Mastermind," and "Fifteen to One".
Quiz Appearances.
Mastermind.
In 1980, Wilcox reached the final of "Mastermind," finishing third out of four contestants. The final was won by Fred Housego. Wilcox's specialist subject was "The Crusades 1095–1192" in both his heat and the final. However, in the semi-final he chose "Mammals".
Fifteen to One.
Wilcox appeared on "Fifteen to One" in both 1995 and 1996, including two grand finals. In his 1995 appearance, Wilcox was a witness to an outtake where host William G. Stewart dropped his question cards whilst explaining the rules of the first round.
Who Wants to Be A Millionaire?
In two appearances of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (broadcast on 5 June 2004 and 11 June 2005), Wilcox reached the "Fastest Finger First" stage but did not progress any further.
On 23 September 2006, Wilcox became the fifth person to win the £1,000,000 jackpot on the show. He managed to reach the million pound question despite having used all of his lifelines by the £32,000 question. His final question was "Which boxer was famous for striking the gong in the introduction to J. Arthur Rank films?" He correctly chose Bombardier Billy Wells to win the prize money.
Personal life.
Wilcox grew up in London, but lived in Bath for 30 years. He worked in the civil service for most of his life, having previously worked in book illustration. He is a father of five, the son of the painter Leslie Arthur Wilcox, and brother of photographer William Wilcox.
In 2007, Wilcox moved to the South of France where he currently resides with his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="6988741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988741" title="Qatar national cricket team">
Qatar national cricket team

 
The Qatar national cricket team is the team that represents Qatar in international cricket. The team is organised by the Qatar Cricket Association, which became an affiliate member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) in 1999 and an associate member in 2017.
Qatar made its international debut in 1979, at an invitational tournament that also included Bahrain, Kuwait, and Sharjah (one of the United Arab Emirates). The team's first Asian Cricket Council (ACC) event was the 2002 ACC Trophy in Singapore. For a period during the 2000s, Qatar was one of the top-ranked non-Test teams in Asia – at the 2004 ACC Trophy, the team placed fourth. However, a few years later it was relegated to the second-division ACC events.
Qatar made its first and only World Cricket League (WCL) appearance at the 2017 ICC World Cricket League Division Five event in South Africa. It placed third, enough to secure the team a place in the new 2019–21 ICC Cricket World Cup Challenge League.
History.
International competition.
Qatar's international debut came in 2002 at the ACC Trophy, where they failed to progress beyond the first round. A major improvement came in the next tournament in 2004 when they came fourth. This qualified them for the final pre-qualifying tournament for the 2005 ICC Trophy, played in Malaysia in early 2005. They finished fourth in that tournament, thereby dropping off the road to qualification to the 2007 World Cup. They once again competed at the ACC Trophy in 2006, this time finishing in eighth place. They will play in the new Champions division of that tournament in 2008.
2018–present.
In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Qatar and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will be a full T20I.
Qatar made its Twenty20 International debut on 21 January 2019, defeating Saudi Arabia by 4 wickets in the 2019 ACC Western Region T20 at Al Emarat Cricket Stadium, Muscat, Oman.
Youth cricket.
Qatar have fielded sides in regional competition at Under 15, Under 17 and Under 19 levels.
Under 15s.
The Qatar Under 15 team competed in Asia Cup tournaments in 2002, 2005 and 2006. They failed to progress beyond the first round on all occasions. Even after losing just one game (against Oman) in the group stage of the 2006 competition, they were not allowed to play in the semi-finals as they did not abide by the qualification rules.
Under 17s.
The Qatar Under 17 team competed in the Asia Cup for the first time in 2004, where they did not progress past the first round. In 2005, they reached the quarter-finals.
Under 19s.
The Under 19 team has participated in Asia Cup tournaments in 2001, 2003 and 2005, reaching the semi-finals on the 2003 &amp; 2005 editions. In the 2001 they came runner up in the plate league. Qatar recently also took part in the U-19 Asia Cup although they had a poor time of it. 
Qatar advanced to Asia Division 2 Semi finals of 2020 Under-19 Cricket World Cup qualification where they lost to Kuwait. They failed to advance from the group stage of Asia Division 2 during 2018 World cup qualification process.
Home ground.
West End Park International Cricket Stadium is a home ground of team located in Doha. This is the first cricket stadium in Qatar. In June 2013, the ground was opened for cricket with opening of the Grand Mall Hypermarket on its premise. The stadium can seat 13,000. In December 2013, it was announced the hosting of first-ever triangular women’s One-day and Twenty20 championship in Qatar in January 2014. Women’s international teams from the Pakistan, South Africa and Ireland participated in the seven championship matches. This was the first championship ever to be sanctioned by the International Cricket Council.
In 2015, the stadium was selected to host 1st edition of Pakistan Super League matches which will be played in February, 2016.
Current squad.
This lists all players who were in the most recent One-day or T20I squads. Uncapped players are listed in "italics"
"Updated as on 21 September 2023"
Records.
International Match Summary — Qatar
"Last updated 23 July 2025"
Twenty20 International.
Most T20I runs for Qatar
Most T20I wickets for Qatar
T20I record versus other nations
"Records complete to T20I #3357. Last updated 23 July 2025."

</doc>
<doc id="6988750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988750" title="E Renfrewshire">
E Renfrewshire



</doc>
<doc id="6988751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988751" title="U.S. Army, Pacific">
U.S. Army, Pacific



</doc>
<doc id="6988755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988755" title="W Dunbartonshire">
W Dunbartonshire



</doc>
<doc id="6988757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988757" title="Old Church Slavic">
Old Church Slavic



</doc>
<doc id="6988760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988760" title="French Submarine Casabianca (1935)">
French Submarine Casabianca (1935)



</doc>
<doc id="6988761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988761" title="E Dunbartonshire">
E Dunbartonshire



</doc>
<doc id="6988762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988762" title="Perth &amp; Kinross">
Perth &amp; Kinross



</doc>
<doc id="6988763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988763" title="Tewhatewha">
Tewhatewha

A tewhatewha is a long-handled Māori club weapon shaped like an axe. Designed to be held in two hands, the weapon comes to a mata (point) at one end and a rapa (broad, quarter-round head) at the other.
The tewhatewha (pronounced "tefa tefa") is a traditional Māori weapon used by the indigenous Māori people of New Zealand. As one of the two-handed clubs of Maori (the others being the Hani and a Pouwhuenua), it can be easily identified by its long handle and flat, broad blade on one end. These two characteristics make it a unique and versatile tool used in both combat and ceremony.
Design.
Shaped like a long-handled axe, tewhatewhas were usually carved from hardwood but could be made from other materials such as whalebone and might include slit hawk or kererū feathers. Typically, one end is a broad, quarter-round head (rapa), the long shaft averages 45 inches in length, the weapon ends in a mata (point) at the end of the handle, and at the base of the mata and shaft is a hole from which a tuft of feathers (puhipuhi or paupuhi) suspends. This design facilitated striking, parrying, and thrusting techniques for both mid-range engagements (using the rapa) and close-quarters combat (using the mata). There is often a band of carving above the mata with symbolic meanings. The feathers are prepared ceremonially and bound with flax.
Historical use.
Historically, the tewhatewha was a formidable weapon used by Māori warriors in warfare. The tewhatewha is held just above the carving at the sharp end, similar to an ax when fighting. Like pouwhenua and taiaha, this long club was designed for sparring and lightning strokes and thrusts, aided by quick footwork on the part of the wielder. The blows were not struck with the blade as one would with an axe, but rather with the thicker straight front edge. Should an enemy begin attacking in close quarters, the pointed end could be used as a bayonet. Due to its length, it doubled as a signalling device from leaders to their warriors to convey directions and signal attacks. The plume of feathers dangling from the rapa distracted the enemy's gaze and could also be used to absorb blood. 
Ceremonial significance.
Beyond its battlefield utility, the tewhatewha holds significant cultural and ceremonial value in Māori society. Often adorned with feathers and intricate carvings, the tewhatewha symbolizes authority, leadership, and ancestral connections. The complex scrolled pattern carved towards the handle's base represents the genealogy of the owner, embodying ancestral knowledge and spiritual lineage. Occasionally, ceremonial tewhatewha made of whalebone was used in this way. The Maori believed that the spiritual force (mana) of the tewhatewha grew over its history of use; honored weapons were passed down from generation to generation, continuing to grow in mana. 
Training and martial arts.
Training in the use of the tewhatewha is a core aspect of mau rākau, the traditional Māori martial art. Mau rākau encompasses techniques and discipline related to various traditional weapons, including the tewhatewha. This training is essential for preserving Māori martial traditions and cultural heritage.
Modern use and cultural importance.
The tewhatewha remains a vital symbol of Māori cultural identity and heritage today. It is utilized in cultural ceremonies, performances, and other traditional contexts, embodying the resilience of the Māori people.
Recent sightings.
A tewhatewha was the symbol of command of Royal New Zealand Navy hydrographic survey ship HMNZS "Resolution".
The drum major of the New Zealand Army Band uses a tewhatewha instead of a mace to give direction and keep time.

</doc>
<doc id="6988769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988769" title="Qatari">
Qatari



</doc>
<doc id="6988770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988770" title="Brian Mantia">
Brian Mantia



</doc>
<doc id="6988772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988772" title="Paul Bealin">
Paul Bealin

Paul Bealin (born 1967/1968) is a former Gaelic footballer who played in midfield at senior level for the Dublin county team. He later managed three senior county teams: Westmeath (sacked after a year), Wexford (resigning in October 2007) and Carlow (after two years at the helm), as well as clubs in several counties.
Bealin is the key account manager for Baro Lighting, in Dundrum, in Dublin 14.
Playing career.
Bealin is most remembered for his performances in his All-Ireland Senior Football Championship winning year with Dublin in 1995, in which he partnered Brian Stynes in midfield. Paul Caffrey, the former Dublin senior football manager, was quoted as saying: "Paul Bealin is a great Dub and nobody needs to tell me that. A lot of people have great memories of him from his great years as well as
1995".
He also won a National Football League title with Dublin in 1993. Bealin famously guided Ballyboden St Enda's to their first Dublin SFC title in 1995 as player-manager.
Managerial career.
Bealin managed Ballyboden St Enda's up until 2003. He then managed Wicklow GAA club Blessington in 2004. He then took a position as manager of Cavan GAA club Mullahoran for two seasons in 2004 and 2005, guiding Mullahoran to two successive county finals which they lost to Cavan Gaels.
Bealin succeeded Pat Roe as Wexford senior football team manager in 2005, with Roe having stepped down after that year's championship.
Bealin was also Carlow senior football team manager but stepped down after one year in charge.
Bealin briefly managed the Westmeath senior football team between 2013 and 2014. He had been managing Dublin GAA club Parnells at the time of this appointment.
In September 2013, Bealin was appointed as the Westmeath senior football team manager, succeeding Pat Flanagan. However, the clubs sacked him from the position (also after one year), though Bealin blamed the players for not wanting him.
He managed a Wicklow GAA club at intermediate football for the 2019–20 season.

</doc>
<doc id="6988777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988777" title="Charles Howard-Bury">
Charles Howard-Bury

Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Kenneth Howard-Bury DSO, DL, JP (15 August 188120 September 1963) was a British soldier, explorer, botanist and Conservative politician.
Background and education.
A member of the Howard family, he was born at Charleville Castle, King's County, Ireland, the only son of Captain Kenneth Howard-Bury (1846–1885), son of the Honourable James Howard. His mother was Lady Emily Alfreda Julia, daughter of Charles Bury, 3rd Earl of Charleville. His father had assumed the additional surname of Bury in 1881 after his wife succeeded to the Charleville estates. In his own right he succeeded to the estates of Charles Brinsley Marlay including Belvedere House and Bloomfield House. He was educated at Eton and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
Career until 1921.
Howard-Bury was always interested in climbing as a youth, which led him to take up the larger routes in Austrian Alps. He joined the King's Royal Rifle Corps in 1904 and was posted to India, where he went travelling and big game-hunting. In 1905, he secretly entered Tibet without permission and was rebuked by Lord Curzon. His early travel diaries date from 1906 and show his powers of observation, encyclopaedic knowledge of natural history, and linguistic ability. At the beginning of World War I, Howard-Bury rejoined his regiment and served with distinction as a frontline officer on the Somme and throughout the conflict. He was captured during the German spring offensive of 1918, and then made an escape from his prisoner-of-war camp, before being recaptured ten days later.
1921 Mount Everest reconnaissance expedition.
At the behest or Sir Francis Younghusband in 1920, Howard-Bury paved the way for the Everest Expedition. In 1921 he was the leader of the Mount Everest reconnaissance expedition, organised and financed by the Mount Everest Committee, a joint body of the Alpine Club and the Royal Geographical Society. In 1922, he wrote an account of the expedition, published as "Mount Everest The Reconnaissance, 1921".
During the 1921 expedition, Howard-Bury found many footprints at high altitude; he later pronounced that the tracks "were probably caused by a large 'loping' grey wolf", however his sherpas were quick to offer that they were the tracks of a "metch kangmi" (meaning "filthy snowman"). It was at this time that Henry Newman of "The Statesman" in Calcutta (now Kolkata) obtained descriptions from the expedition's porters on their return to Darjeeling. Bill Tilman has claimed that Newman mistranslated "metch kangmi" as "abominable snowman", hence the phrase "Abominable Snowman" came into existence in 1921.
Later Newman wrote in a letter to "The Times" "The whole story seemed such a joyous creation I sent it to one or two newspapers". Izzard adds "whatever effect Mr. Newman intended, from 1921 onwards the Yeti – or whatever various native populations choose to call it – became saddled with the description "Abominable Snowman", an appellation which can only appeal more to the music-hall mind than to mammologists, a fact which has seriously handicapped earnest seekers of the truth"
He was awarded the 1922 Founder's Medal of the Royal Geographical Society for his leadership of the expedition.
Political career.
The Everest expedition of 1921 made Howard-Bury a public figure, and in 1922 he was elected to parliament for Bilston as Conservative. He lost his seat in 1924 but returned to the House of Commons in 1926, when he was elected for Chelmsford. He resigned in 1931. He was also a deputy lieutenant and justice of the peace for County Westmeath.
Personal life.
Howard-Bury died on 20 September 1963, aged 82. He never married. He left his house at Belvedere to his friend and companion Rex Beaumont.
Legacy.
In 2013, British adventurers Matthew Traver and Jamie Bunchuk completed a 750-mile horse ride down the post roads of Eastern Kazakhstan in honour of the centenary of Howard-Bury's travels through the region, en route to the Tian Shan mountains in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="6988781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988781" title="Banded sand catshark">
Banded sand catshark

The banded sand catshark (Atelomycterus fasciatus) is a coloured catshark belonging to the family Atelomycteridae found in the Indo-West Pacific Ocean, endemic to northern Australia between latitudes 10° S and 21° S, at depths between . Its length is up to . They were the first sharks to be discovered living in sponges.

</doc>
<doc id="6988786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988786" title="Atelomycterus fasciatus">
Atelomycterus fasciatus



</doc>
<doc id="6988790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988790" title="John M. Brown III">
John M. Brown III

John M. Brown III is a retired lieutenant general of the United States Army. He served as Commander of United States Army Pacific, headquartered at Fort Shafter, Hawaii, from August 25, 2004, to February 1, 2008. He enlisted in the Army as an infantryman in 1969 and became an officer upon completion of Infantry Officer Candidate School in 1971 where he was commissioned a second lieutenant of Infantry.
Early life and education.
Brown holds a bachelor's degree in biology from West Georgia College and a master's degree in Industrial Management from the Georgia Institute of Technology. He is a graduate of the Infantry Officer's Advance Course, Army Command and General Staff College, and the National War College.
He was born in Atlanta, Georgia, graduated from Avondale High School in 1965, and is the oldest of five. He has a wife and two daughters.
Career.
His command experience includes Commander, Combat Support Company, 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry, 1st Infantry Division in Germany; Commander, Headquarters and Special Troops Battalion, XVIII Airborne Corps, Fort Bragg, North Carolina, and Operation Golden Pheasant, Honduras; Commander, 3rd Battalion, 5th Cavalry, 3rd Armored Division, in Germany and the Gulf War, Saudi Arabia; Commander, 1st Brigade, 24th Infantry Division, Fort Stewart, Georgia, and Operation Vigilant Warrior, Kuwait; and Commander, United States Army Alaska.
Additional assignments include Executive Officer, 1st Battalion, 38th Infantry Regiment, 2nd Infantry Division in the Republic of Korea; Professor of Military Science, Southern Arkansas University, Magnolia, Arkansas; Chief of Staff, 1st Armored Division, United States Army Europe and Seventh Army, Germany and Task Force Eagle, Operation Joint Endeavor, Bosnia; Military Assistant to the Deputy Secretary of Defense, Washington D.C.; Assistant Division Commander (Forward), 10th Mountain Division, Operation Joint Forge, Bosnia; Director of Integration, Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations and Plans, United States Army, Washington D.C.; Deputy Chief of Staff for Training, United States Army Training and Doctrine Command, Fort Monroe, Virginia; and Deputy Commanding General for Transformation, U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command, Fort Lewis, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="6988803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988803" title="Merited Artist of the Russian Federation">
Merited Artist of the Russian Federation

Merited Artist of the Russian Federation (, "Zasluzhenny artist Rossiyskoy Federatsii"), also known as Honored Artist of Russia, is an honorary title in the Russian Federation. The title is awarded to actors, directors, filmmakers, writers, dancers, and singers for exceptional achievements in the arts.
The honorary title was originally modeled after the German honorific title for distinguished opera singers. Historically, the title was bestowed by princes or kings, when it was styled "Hofkammersänger(in)". In Imperial Russia before 1917, several stars of stage and film were honored with the title "Imperial singer", but after the October Revolution of 1917, the new regime made changes and established the title of the Merited Artist of Russia (Russian SFSR and Soviet Union). 
After the collapse of the USSR in 1991, Russian president Boris Yeltsin created a new award, first presented on 30 December 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="6988805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988805" title="Itonama">
Itonama



</doc>
<doc id="6988806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988806" title="District of Cardiff">
District of Cardiff

The Cardiff district () was one of the two local government districts of South Glamorgan in Wales from 1974 to 1996. 
The district comprised the area of the former county borough of Cardiff and several surrounding parishes. Letters patent continuing the city status of the county borough were granted on 1 April 1974. The district was therefore styled the City of Cardiff, governed by Cardiff City Council.
The district was formed by the Local Government Act 1972, from the county borough of Cardiff, the parishes of Lisvane, Llanedeyrn, Radyr, St. Fagans and Tongwynlais from the former Cardiff Rural district in the administrative county of Glamorgan and the parish of St Mellons from the Magor and St Mellons Rural District in the administrative county of Monmouthshire.
The district was abolished in 1996 by the Local Government (Wales) Act 1994, when it was reconstituted, with the addition of Pentyrch, as the City and County of Cardiff.

</doc>
<doc id="6988825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988825" title="Darenth Park Hospital">
Darenth Park Hospital

Darenth Park Hospital was a healthcare facility in Darenth near Dartford in Kent, originally founded as Darenth School.
History.
The hospital was founded by the Metropolitan Asylums Board in Darenth near Dartford in Kent as Darenth School for 500 children with learning disabilities on 18 November 1878. By 1890 it housed over 1,000 children and adults and included Darenth Asylum. By 1911 part of the site had become the Darenth Industrial Trading Colony, and the institution was becoming almost self-sufficient in food production and the manufacture of everyday items, thanks to its ample supply of free labour.
In 1936, as the age and disability levels of residents increased, the name became Darenth Park Hospital, and in 1948 the management was transferred from the London County Council, which had succeeded the Metropolitan Asylums Board in the management of the institution, to the new National Health Service.
The hospital drew patients from a wide catchment of south-east London and Kent. By 1970 the population had grown to 1,500 and the physical conditions in this grim and vast Victorian building were increasingly unacceptable by modern standards. The hospital had over 40 wards, of which 10 contained more than 50 residents. Finally in 1973 the Regional Health Board agreed to close Darenth, but the funding and planning required for such a major undertaking took years to put in place. In the mid-1970s, Diana Spencer, the future Princess of Wales, undertook voluntary work at the hospital.
Darenth Park was the first large regional learning disability institution to close in England as a result of the British government's emerging Care in the Community policy. Audrey Emerton, the South East Thames Regional Chief nursing officer between 1979 and 1990, guided the replacement programme, and from the early 1980s on nearly a thousand residents were resettled to other hospitals, hostels, small group homes and local facilities. In August 1988 the last residents were transferred and the hospital finally shut its doors.
The buildings have been entirely demolished and the new Darent Valley Hospital has been built on part of the site. A 'village' of 300 new houses was also built and the remaining 100 acres became the Darenth Country Park. The only building surviving from the Asylum is at the former Darenth Park Hospital Farm, now used as the Arrow Riding Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="6988829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988829" title="History of brain studies">
History of brain studies



</doc>
<doc id="6988830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988830" title="IGA (Australian supermarket chain)">
IGA (Australian supermarket chain)



</doc>
<doc id="6988840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988840" title="Vuetasau">
Vuetasau

Viliame (William) Vuetasau (c.1820-1857) was a Fijian explorer who was the son of Roko Malani, the seventh Roko Sau of Lau and second Tui Nayau and Ciri of Taqalevu. During the reign of his Uncle Taliai Tupou, third Tui Nayau, he was considered heir to the title. He was the first of his noble line to be given a western name, William, after Willam Cary, survivor of the Nantucket whaling ship "Oeno" that was wrecked in the Lau Islands in 1825. William Cary was rescued by a brother of Malani, who in time became close friends with Malani himself, who named his son after the New Englander, demonstrating his attachment to the shipwrecked sailor.
Vuetasau was instrumental in strengthening the hold of Christianity in Lakeba, and thereafter the rest of Lau. On the arrival of Christian missionaries William Cross and David Cargill on Lakeba in 1835, an announcement of their mission to Taliai Tupou was made and accordingly they were conducted to Matailakeba, his heirs' house, while the purpose of their coming was once again explained. Vuetasau approved and Taliai Tupou in turn followed suit and the missionaries were allowed to stay and establish a church.
Vuetasau never succeeded to his uncles title as he drowned in 1857 whilst in an expedition with Tongan Chief Enele Ma'afu. His eldest son Roko Josateki Malani II was a Seafarer and his second son Ratu Tevita Uluilakeba II held the title of Tui Nayau temporarily and was never given the title of the Sau ni Vanua, Roko Malani II but would similarly like his father share a premature death never succeeding to the title of Tui Nayau.

</doc>
<doc id="6988844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988844" title="Ystradowen">
Ystradowen

Ystradowen is a small village twelve miles west of Cardiff, located in Penllyn community in the Vale of Glamorgan in south Wales; its nearest town is Cowbridge which is about three miles to the south.
The village was served by Ystradowen railway station between 1865 and 1951. The name Ystradowen means "Owen's Valley" in English. Local amenities include St Owain's parish church, The White Lion public house, Tudor Garage and Seven Oaks fisheries. 
Tom Jones had a home in the village until 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="6988854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988854" title="Operation Sceptic">
Operation Sceptic

Operation Sceptic (June 1980) was the largest anti-South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) sweep during the South African Border War up to that point. The operation was also known as Smokeshell though this was the codename for the People's Liberation Army of Namibia (PLAN) base which was the main focus of the attack. This operation followed Operation Safraan and preceded Operation Klipklop.
Overview.
Operation Sceptic was launched on 10 June 1980 as a lightning attack on a SWAPO base in Southern Angola but developed into an extended operation as more and more SWAPO caches were discovered in the territory. Sceptic was due to end on 16 June but due to additional bases being discovered from intelligence gathered during the operation, the clashes continued and finally ended on 30 June with all South African Defence Force (SADF) forces back in SWA/Namibia by 1 July 1980. Operation Sceptic included serious clashes between the SADF and the People's Armed Forces for the Liberation of Angola (FAPLA).
Order of battle.
South African forces.
Source:
Battle Group 61 – Commandant Dippies Dippenaar
Battle Group 10 – Commandant Chris Serfontein
Battle Group 53 – Commandant Jorrie Jordan
54 Battalion – Commandant Anton van Graan
Planning.
61 Mechanised Infantry Battalion Group had to destroy the SWAPO command, control and logistic structures at Chifufua (aka Smokeshell or QFL) and the defence positions at Londe, on 10 and 11 June 1980 respectively, and thereafter conduct area operations east of the general line AFL, Dova and Muleme as well as north of the general line Dunafuao, Mulavi and Ionde for approximately 10 days. Chifufua was 180 km north of the South West African border and consisted of thirteen sub-bases over an area of 45 square kilometres and under the command of Dimo Hamaambo.
The plan called for 54 Battalion to enter Angola, clear and control the region from the border to Mulemba, 90 km to the north and establish a forward helicopter landing base. This would occur two weeks before the operation was to begin. Then Battle Groups 10, 53 and 61 would cross into Angola and head for Chifufua. Battle Group 53 would operate in the vicinity of Chitumba close to Mulemba while Battle Group 10 and 61 would carry on to Chifufua and attack the PLAN bases in the vicinity.
The ground troops were to be supported by the South African Air Force (SAAF) in the form of bomber aircraft and helicopters such as gunships, troop transporters and medivac. Intelligence gathered for the planning could not establish enemy numbers at each of the thirteen complexes and believed the facilities to be above ground and not in the form of bunkers and trenches.
Battle.
On 25 May, 54 Battalion crossed the border into Angola and started securing the route of advance that the other battle groups would take in the following weeks. 54 Battalion secured the area up to Mulemba, which was 90 km into Angola, thereby establishing the HAA and staging area. During this period leading up to D-day, the group came into contact with PLAN soldiers and destroyed caches, losing two men with one missing in action, and secured the route by 9 June.
By 1 June, the remaining three battle groups began to train and conduct mock simulated attacks on the planned targets at various bases in SWA/Namibia. On 7 June, SAAF conducted two attacks, the first by Mirages on the PLAN base near Lubango in which two Mirages were damaged and the second attack at "Smokeshell" by Mirages and Buccaneers where no resistance was encountered. Training finally ended and the three battle groups met up at Eenhana on 9 June.
In the early morning of 10 June, the three battle groups left Eenhana and advanced towards Mulemba and the staging area. By 08h00, SAAF consisting of Mirages, Buccaneers and Impala's attacked various targets at "Smokeshell", Mulola and Ondova which would become the targets of the battle groups later in the afternoon. This time PLAN was prepared and anti-aircraft fire was received by the SAAF Mirages over "Smokeshell" from 23 mm AA guns and SA-7 missile fire. Due to the failure of the arrival of aviation fuel at the HAA, the helicopters were unable to deploy SADF troops to stop the retreat of any fleeing soldiers from "Smokeshell".
Battle Group 53 attacked the PLAN positions east of Mulemba while Battle Groups 61 and 10 headed towards Chitumba attacking "Smokeshell" later than planned, around 14h30. Initially the defenders were caught by surprise, but regrouped and fought back. What was supposed to be above ground defences turned out to be camouflaged bunkers and trenches. Elements of Battle Group 61 came under 23 mm AA fire, used in a ground attack role, that caused damage to several Ratel's, resulting in South African casualties in those vehicles and to soldiers attempting to escape them. By nightfall the Battle Groups 61 and 10 had to withdraw. The attacks resumed in the morning of 11 June, with the South Africans attacking and clearing the now empty bases. On withdrawing that evening, only 10 percent of the bases were cleared. The target was spread over thirteen bases, covering over forty five square kilometres.
Battle Group 10 was due to attack at Mulola, but had been called in to assist Battle Group 61. That attack was postponed until 14 June, but PLAN withdrew on 12 June, with the SADF stopper groups failing to prevent the withdrawal. Consequently, by the time Battle Group 10 arrived, it was deserted.
On 29 June, Battle Group 10 was attacked by FAPLA troops as it was withdrawing to South West Africa/Namibia. The SAAF was called to assist and FAPLA forces were attacked and forced to withdraw. By 1 July, all SADF forces had crossed back into SWA/Namibia.
Aftermath.
During the operation the South African forces clashed for the first time with mechanised elements of SWAPO SWAPO lost its forward base facilities and 380 killed. Several hundred tons of equipment and supplies as well as many vehicles were captured by the security forces. Seventeen members of the SADF force were killed.

</doc>
<doc id="6988863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988863" title="Bali catshark">
Bali catshark

The Bali catshark ("Atelomycterus baliensis") is a species of coloured catshark, belonging to the family Atelomycteridae, found only off the Indonesian island of Bali. It can grow up to . "Atelomycterus baliensis" inhabits the deep coastal waters of Bali, Indonesia, feeding on small fish and invertebrates.
Physical attributes.
The Bali catshark has unique coloring in comparison to other members of their species. Catsharks have noticeable and distinctive white spots along their body, "Atelomycterus" baliensis however, lacks these spots. The Bali catshark’s back has four dark saddles, which manifest themselves as four brown patches, and no highlights on the tips of their dorsal fins. The greatest difference between "Atelomycterus baliensis" and other species of catshark is their higher pectoral-pelvic and pelvic-anal ratio.
Reproduction.
Not much is known about the Bali catshark’s reproductive system, but they are most likely oviparous, like other species of catshark. This means that the majority of development occurs outside of the mother. In the case of Bali catsharks, this development happens in egg cases laid by the mother. "Atelomycterus baliensis" mothers show preference for laying their eggs in sandy substrate or on calcareous rock formations.
The egg cases of the Bali catshark are similar to those of the rest of their genus, "Atelomycterus", containing 6 species. Morphologically, the cases have elongated anterior and posterior waists, with a shortened anterior. This blunt anterior may have fibers for the purpose of attaching the egg casing to a substrate during development. The posterior end is often more tapered than the anterior and is adorned with two horns which may end in curled tendrils depending on the species. The Bali catshark lacks these tendrils, which is one way to distinguish it from other species. On each of the four corners of the egg casing, there is a single opening for respiration. Individual species can be further distinguished from one another by the widths of the sides of the egg casings.
The Bali Catshark in particular, has a wider midsection which tapers out on both ends of the casing. The anterior is still more blunt than the posterior which tapers out far more ending in with its two distinct horns.

</doc>
<doc id="6988866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988866" title="Directed percolation">
Directed percolation

In statistical physics, directed percolation (DP) refers to a class of models that mimic filtering of fluids through porous materials along a given direction, due to the effect of gravity. Varying the microscopic connectivity of the pores, these models display a phase transition from a macroscopically permeable (percolating) to an impermeable (non-percolating) state. Directed percolation is also used as a simple model for epidemic spreading with a transition between survival and extinction of the disease depending on the infection rate.
More generally, the term directed percolation stands for a universality class of continuous phase transitions which are characterized by the same type of collective behavior on large scales. Directed percolation is probably the simplest universality class of transitions out of thermal equilibrium.
Lattice models.
One of the simplest realizations of DP is bond directed percolation. This model is a directed variant of ordinary (isotropic) percolation and can be introduced as follows. The figure shows a tilted square lattice with bonds connecting neighboring sites. The bonds are permeable (open) with probability formula_1 and impermeable (closed) otherwise. The sites and bonds may be interpreted as holes and randomly distributed channels of a porous medium.
The difference between ordinary and directed percolation is illustrated to the right. In isotropic percolation a spreading agent (e.g. water) introduced at a particular site percolates along open bonds, generating a cluster of wet sites. Contrarily, in directed percolation the spreading agent can pass open bonds only along a preferred direction in space, as indicated by the arrow. The resulting red cluster is directed in space.
As a dynamical process.
Interpreting the preferred direction as a temporal degree of freedom, directed percolation can be regarded as a stochastic process that evolves in time. In a minimal, two-parameter model that includes bond and site DP as special cases, a one-dimensional chain of sites evolves in discrete time formula_2, which can be viewed as a second dimension, and all sites are updated in parallel. Activating a certain site (called initial seed) at time formula_3 the resulting cluster can be constructed row by row. The corresponding number of active sites formula_4 varies as time evolves.
Universal scaling behavior.
The DP universality class is characterized by a certain set of critical exponents. These exponents depend on the spatial dimension formula_5. Above the so-called upper critical dimension formula_6 they are given by their mean-field values while in 
formula_7 dimensions they have been estimated numerically. Current estimates are summarized in the following table:
Other examples.
In two dimensions, the percolation of water through a thin tissue (such as toilet paper) has the same mathematical underpinnings as the flow of electricity through two-dimensional random networks of resistors. In chemistry, chromatography can be understood with similar models.
The propagation of a tear or rip in a sheet of paper, in a sheet of metal, or even the formation of a crack in ceramic bears broad mathematical resemblance to the flow of electricity through a random network of electrical fuses. Above a certain critical point, the electrical flow will cause a fuse to pop, possibly leading to a cascade of failures, resembling the propagation of a crack or tear. The study of percolation helps indicate how the flow of electricity will redistribute itself in the fuse network, thus modeling which fuses are most likely to pop next, and how fast they will pop, and what direction the crack may curve in.
Examples can be found not only in physical phenomena, but also in biology, neuroscience, ecology (e.g. evolution), and economics (e.g. diffusion of innovation).
Percolation can be considered to be a branch of the study of dynamical systems or statistical mechanics. In particular, percolation networks exhibit a phase change around a critical threshold.
Experimental realizations.
In spite of vast success in the theoretical and numerical studies of DP, obtaining convincing experimental evidence has proved challenging. In 1999 an experiment on flowing sand on an inclined plane was identified as a physical realization of DP. In 2007, critical behavior of DP was finally found in the electrohydrodynamic convection of liquid crystal, where a complete set of static and dynamic critical exponents and universal scaling functions of DP were measured in the transition to spatiotemporal intermittency between two turbulent states.

</doc>
<doc id="6988872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988872" title="Charles Kenneth Howard Bury">
Charles Kenneth Howard Bury



</doc>
<doc id="6988881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988881" title="Unrra">
Unrra



</doc>
<doc id="6988884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988884" title="Iga supermarkets">
Iga supermarkets



</doc>
<doc id="6988891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988891" title="Operation Klipklop">
Operation Klipklop

Operation Klipklop occurred during the South African Border War between the Republic of South Africa and SWAPO. The operation began at first light on the 30 July 1980 when South African forces attacked SWAPO facilities in Angola. The objective was a PLAN logistics base at the town of Chitado, 5 km from the Namibian border and 35 km east of Ruacana, with the aim of disrupting mortar attacks on the Ruacana hydro-electric scheme.
Supported by Alouette III attack helicopters, 80 men were dropped by helicopters close to the town. Twenty seven defenders, possibly PLAN or MPLA soldiers, died in the attack that followed with the SADF destroying the MPLA base in the town on their withdrawal. This operation followed Operation Sceptic and preceded Operation Protea.

</doc>
<doc id="6988896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988896" title="The Great Wall">
The Great Wall



</doc>
<doc id="6988897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988897" title="Defense physiology">
Defense physiology

Defense physiology is a term used to refer to the symphony of body function (physiology) changes which occur in response to a stress or threat.
When the body executes the "fight-or-flight" reaction or stress response, the nervous system initiates, coordinates and directs specific changes in how the body is functioning, preparing the body to deal with the threat. (See also General adaptation syndrome.)
Definitions.
Stress : As it pertains to the term "defense physiology", the term "stress" refers to a "perceived threat" to the continued functioning of the body / life according to its current state.
Threat: A "threat" may be consciously recognized or not. A physical event (a loud noise or car collision or a coming attack), a chemical or a biological agent which alters (or has the possibility to alter) body function (physiology) away from optimum or healthy functioning (or away from its current state of functioning) may be perceived as a "threat" (also called a stressor).
Life circumstances, though posing no immediate physical danger, could be perceived as a threat. Anything that could change the continuing of the person’s life as they are currently experiencing it could be perceived as a "threat".
Physiological reactions to threat (or perceived threat).
A threat may be either "empirical" (an outside observer may agree that the event or circumstance poses a threat) or "a priori" (an outside observer would not agree that the event or circumstance poses a threat). What is important to the individual, in terms of the body’s response, is that a threat is perceived.
The perception of a "threat" may also trigger an associated ‘feeling of distress’.
Physiological reactions triggered by mind cannot differentiate both the physical or mental threat separately, Hence the "fight-or-flight" response of mind for the both reactions will be same.
Duration of threat and its different physiological effects on the nervous system..
Acute Stress Reaction - The body executes the “fight-or-flight” reaction to get the body out of danger quickly. When the timing between the "threat" and the resolution of the "threat" are close, the “fight-or-flight" reaction is executed, the "threat" is handled, and the body returns to its previous state (taking care of the business of life - digestion, relaxation, tissue repair etc.). The body has evolved to stay in this mode for only a short time.
Chronic Stress State - When the timing between the "threat" and the resolution of the "threat" are more distant (the "threat" or the perception of "threat" is prolonged or other "threats" occur before the body has recovered), the “fight-or-flight" reaction continues and becomes the new "standard operating condition" of the body, "chronic defense physiology". Continuing in this mode produces significant negative effects (distress) in many aspects of body functioning (physical, mental and emotional distress).

</doc>
<doc id="6988905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988905" title="Republic of south africa">
Republic of south africa



</doc>
<doc id="6988913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988913" title="Yirmisekiz Mehmed Çelebi">
Yirmisekiz Mehmed Çelebi

Yirmisekiz Mehmed Çelebi Efendi (ca. 1670–1732), also Mehmed Efendi (sometimes spelled Mehemet Effendi in France), was an Ottoman statesman who was delegated as ambassador by the Sultan Ahmed III to Louis XV's France in 1720. He is remembered for his account of his embassy mission (a "sefâretnâme", "book of embassy").
Yirmisekiz Mehmed Çelebi was born in Edirne to a family of Georgian descent. His date of birth is unknown. He was the son of an officer in the Janissary corps, Süleyman Ağa, who died during a campaign to Pécs. Mehmed Çelebi himself was enrolled in the Janissary corps, and since he had served in the 28th battalion ("orta" in Janissary terminology) of the corps, he came to be known with the nickname "Yirmisekiz" ("twenty-eight" in Turkish) for his entire life. His descendants, including his son who became a grand vizier, also carried the name in the form of "Yirmisekizzade" ("son of twenty-eight").
He rose through the military hierarchy and then oriented his career to the service of the finances of the state, as superintendent for the Ottoman mint first, and as chief imperial accountant ("defterdar") by the reign of Ahmed III. In 1720, while in that position, he was assigned as Ottoman ambassador to Louis XV's France and sent to Paris. His embassy of eleven months was notable for being the first ever foreign representation of a permanent nature for the Ottoman Empire. On his return to the Ottoman capital, Mehmed Çelebi presented his contacts, experiences and observations to the Sultan in the form of a book.
His "sefâretnâme" is one of the most important examples of the homonymous genre, both for its literary merits and in terms of the insights it provides on his time and environment. He describes his journey to France, the 40-days quarantine near Toulon for fear of plague, his journey through Bordeaux towards Paris, his reception by Louis XV, the ceremonies and the social events to which he participated, notably a night at the theatre, places of interest in Paris, the curiosity with which he examines the Western culture and the curiosity he aroused among his Western interlocutors, for instance his days of fasting in Ramadan, July/August 1720, becoming a reason for public gathering for curious Parisian women.
Aside from setting the pace and nature of the long-term trend of Westernization in the Ottoman Empire, his embassy also had immediate repercussions in the Ottoman Empire, notably in the form of the first printing house managed by İbrahim Müteferrika, a Hungarian convert, which published books in Turkish, having been opened in the same year of 1720 as a direct consequence of Mehmed Çelebi's mission in Paris, and under the personal protection and auspices of his son Yirmisekizzade Mehmed Said Pasha, later grand vizier. Constantinople's renowned Sadabad Gardens, one of the symbols of the Tulip Era were also largely inspired by the gardening techniques used in Tuileries Palace, described in length by the author/ambassador. His book was translated into French in 1757 and also into other Western languages afterwards.
After another embassy mission this time in Egypt, Yirmisekiz Mehmed Çelebi who was deeply associated with the Tulip Era, was exiled to Cyprus after the Patrona Halil uprising which put an end to that era and to Ahmed III's reign. He died in Famagusta in 1732 and was buried in the courtyard of Buğday Mosque in that city.
His son Yirmisekizzade Mehmed Said Paşa regained imperial favor shortly afterwards and was dispatched himself for an embassy in Paris in 1742, as well as another more historically significant one in Sweden and Poland, which led to his writing another "sefaretname".

</doc>
<doc id="6988915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988915" title="Samoa national cricket team">
Samoa national cricket team

The Samoa national cricket team is the men's team that represents Samoa in international cricket. They became an affiliate member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) in 2000. They competed in the Pacifica Championship in 2001 and 2002, hosting the tournament on the second occasion. They came 6th in 2001, and 5th in 2002. In 2005, they competed in the East Asia/Pacific Cup, finishing in last place, thus missing out on qualification for the 2011 World Cup. Since 2017, they have been an ICC associate member.
History.
In February 1966, Prime Minister Fiamē Mataʻafa Faumuina Mulinuʻu II banned cricket from being played except on Wednesdays and Saturdays, stating it was distracting Samoans from cleaning up after a cyclone. A cricket match in Samoa in October 1977 ended in a fight in which two players were stabbed to death. According to the "Papua New Guinea Post-Courier", "the row started after a player was bowled out and angrily hit the wicket with his bat".
2018–present.
In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Samoa and other ICC members since 1 January 2019 have the full T20I status.
Samoa played their first T20I against Papua New Guinea during the 2019 Pacific Games, losing the rain-affected match by 9 wickets.
Tournaments.
2011 East Asia-Pacific Division Two.
Samoa hosted the East Asia-Pacific Division Two tournament from 4 to 7 April 2011. The tournament was part of a qualifying pyramid for the 2012 twenty-20 cricket world cup in Sri Lanka. The competing teams were as follows:
Samoa won the event, thus qualifying for the 2011 East Asia-Pacific Division 1.
2011 East Asia-Pacific Division 1.
The East Asia-Pacific Division 1 was held in Papua New Guinea from 4 to 7 July 2011. Samoa finished 4th out of the 5 teams with 2 wins, upsetting Fiji in the opening game and beating Japan in the final round-robin game. They then lost their semi-final against PNG by 141 runs, then they beat Fiji for the second time in the tournament in the 3rd Place Play-off. The competing teams were:
2012 ICC World Cricket League Division Eight.
The men's team qualified for the World Cricket League following good performances in the Oceania regional competitions. They hosted the 2012 ICC World Cricket League Division Eight in September 2012 after they were approved as hosts by the ICC.
Records and statistics.
International Match Summary — Samoa
"Last updated 24 July 2025"
Twenty20 International.
T20I record versus other nations
"Records complete to T20I #3358. Last updated 24 July 2025."
Other records.
For a list of selected international matches played by Samoa, see Cricket Archive.

</doc>
<doc id="6988916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988916" title="2006 FIBA World Championship for Women squads">
2006 FIBA World Championship for Women squads

The 2006 FIBA World Championship for Women held in Brazil had the following squads. The list includes the 12-women rosters of 8 teams of the 16 participating countries, totaling 172 players.
Group A.
Argentina.
Head coach: Eduardo Pinto
Brazil.
Head coach: Antônio Carlos Barbosa
Senegal.
Head coach: Maguette Diop
South Korea.
Head coach: Soo Jong Yoo
Spain.
Head coach: Domingo Díaz
Group B.
Australia.
Head coach: Jan Stirling
Canada.
Head coach: Allison McNeill
Group C.
USA.
Head coach: Anne Donovan
Group D.
France.
Head coach: Alain Jardel

</doc>
<doc id="6988917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988917" title="Gianni Iapichino">
Gianni Iapichino

Gianni Iapichino (born March 2, 1969) is an Italian athletics coach and former pole vaulter, long jumper and heptathlete.
Biography.
Iapichino finished second behind Tim Bright in the pole vault event at the British 1991 AAA Championships.
From 1994 to 2011, he was married to world champion long jumper Fiona May, with whom he had two daughters, Larissa and Anastasia.
He lives in Florence and manages his daughter Larissa at professional level via their company JUMP. Since 16 June 2021, he has also been training her, taking over from Gianni Cecconi.
National titles.
Gianni Iapichino has won 7 times the individual national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="6988921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988921" title="Belvaux (surname)">
Belvaux (surname)

Belvaux is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6988927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988927" title="Lithium meta borate">
Lithium meta borate



</doc>
<doc id="6988930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988930" title="Magosa">
Magosa



</doc>
<doc id="6988932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988932" title="Lithium Metaborate">
Lithium Metaborate



</doc>
<doc id="6988934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988934" title="Distant Shores (British TV series)">
Distant Shores (British TV series)

Distant Shores is a comedy-drama first shown in the United Kingdom on ITV in January 2005. Like the similar fish out of water dramedies, "Northern Exposure" and "Doc Martin", it focuses on the difficulties of an unwillingly-transplanted metropolitan doctor who is forced to adjust to a rural environment.
Concept.
Peter Davison plays a successful London plastic surgeon Bill Shore. In a bid to save their marriage, his wife Lisa, played by Samantha Bond, accepts a six-month veterinary research job on a small Northumbrian island called Hildasay. Bill reluctantly agrees to relocate on the island with his wife, daughter and son. The stories revolve around the various ways in which the family adjust to the island and its welcoming, but sometimes peculiar, inhabitants. The dominant themes of series 1 are Bill's attempts to leave the island, and the tragedy which befalls Lisa as she gradually pursues an adulterous relationship with one of its inhabitants. This overarching storyline is essentially reversed in series 2, with Lisa wanting to return to London and Bill considering starting an affair on Hildasay.
Broadcast history.
The first series was broadcast in 2005 on ITV. According to one of the show's recurring co-stars, Yvette Rowland, it was "immensely popular", and brought in a viewership of over 6 million. Canadian press releases put the number slightly lower at 5.2 million, but still called the programme "a major hit for Britain's ITV".
Actual ratings data shows both these numbers to be correct, if incomplete. The Broadcasters' Audience Research Board reported that the debut episode of the series was the 20th most popular programme in the United Kingdom for the week ending 9 January 2005, with 7.53 million initial viewers. It was one of only three non-soap operas in the top 20 that week. From this high-water mark, however, the show's audience declined, hovering between 5.2 and 6.2 million viewers. Despite this slip, it usually won its 9 pm time slot. In the last two weeks of the run, however, BBC1 won the time slot due to special programming.
A second series was filmed for the next television season, copyrighted 2006. However, it was not aired in the United Kingdom, resulting in the original run of the programme being only six weeks. Rowland has described ITV's failure to broadcast the second series as "a mystery". Davison himself agreed with Rowland's diagnosis in April 2007 when he expressed puzzlement over the shelving of the show, adding, "There's a fair chance it will never be shown in Britain."
Nevertheless, the second series aired outside the UK. In Australia it debuted on Seven Network it was aired on Hallmark Channel in 2009 and repeated again in 2011 on 7TWO. In Canada, it premiered on VisionTV, while in the United States, it was initially syndicated to PBS stations for a two-year period from December 2006 to December 2008.
Critical reception.
During its initial run, two media reporters for "The Guardian" concluded much the same thing about the series: that it was "genial" or "very comforting" viewing, but that it was an obvious twin of shows like "Doc Martin" and "Ballykissangel". "The Times" agreed, calling the show "an even cosier version of "Two Thousand Acres of Sky" and "Doc Martin"" which was "undemanding, predictable and pleasant". Indeed, the similarities to "Doc Martin" were obvious enough to have crept into pre-launch publicity. Peter Davison responded to the charges in a personality piece in "The Journal" of Newcastle by saying, "It's only like "Doc Martin" on paper ... "Distant Shores" has a completely different tone and feel to it."

</doc>
<doc id="6988937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988937" title="Matawalu">
Matawalu

Matawalu was a Fijian chief. He was the son of Niumataiwalu—first "Roko Sau" of Lau Islands—and Uma of Nukunuku. 
Matawalu became the fourth "Roko Sau", ruler of the Lau Islands, after the death of his half-brother Rasolo, but never succeeded to the title of "Tu'i Nayau". Matawalu had been exiled to Nayau by his elder half-brother Uluilakeba I. When Uluilakeba was killed by Bauan forces, Matawalu led the counter invading force for Rasolo at the request of Lakeba‘s people. It is said that Matawalu despised the Tongans, his sister-in-law Laufitu's people and their growing influence in Lakeba. On succeeding Rasolo, Matawalu removed himself to self-exile on Bau Island.
Matawalu’s half-nephew Nayacatabu, son of Uluilakeba, was left as regent in Matawalu’s absence, but was killed in a foray against the neighbouring island of Cicia. It was during this period that Dranivia seized power and declared himself "Roko Sau". His claim to power was short lived. While on a tour of Southern Lau, Matawalu returned to Lakeba, retook overlordship and gave orders to prevent Dranivia's return. Dranivia attempted to seize Lakeba again by force, but failed.
Matawalu's dislike for Tongans resulted in direct conflict with his other nephew Malani, who was half-Tongan through his mother, Laufitu. A battle ensued between the two opposing factions and Matawalu was killed.
Matawalu married Siri of Waitabu and from him is descended the majority of the Koroicumu household of the Vuanirewa clan.

</doc>
<doc id="6988939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988939" title="Patu">
Patu

A patu is a club or pounder used by the Māori. The word in the Māori language means to strike, hit, beat, kill or subdue.
Weapons.
These types of short-handled clubs were mainly used as a striking weapon. The blow administered with this weapon was a horizontal thrust straight from the shoulder at the enemy's temple. If the foe could be grasped by the hair then the patu would be driven up under the ribs or jaw. Patu were made from hardwood, whale bone, or stone. The most prestigious material for the patu was pounamu (greenstone). Māori decorated the patu by carving into the wood, bone or stone.
Types of patu include:
Less traditional is the rare "patu pora", made from iron and the hatchet or whaling harpoon heads ("pātītī").
The patu normally has "a round or rectangular hole in the handle for the tau, or wrist cord". The wrist cord is generally a short or medium piece of rope that is tied together to form a complete loop. The wielder places his hand inside the loop up to his wrist, and quickly spins the patu in order to wind up the cord (around the wrist and hand), thus securing the weapon on the hand. A feathered tassel may also be added at the end of the cord as a form of distraction to the adversary as the patu is wielded against him.
Pounders.
Types of nonweapon patu include:

</doc>
<doc id="6988942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988942" title="Hi-5 (Greek Band)">
Hi-5 (Greek Band)



</doc>
<doc id="6988943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988943" title="The Heavenly Sword and the Dragon Saber">
The Heavenly Sword and the Dragon Saber



</doc>
<doc id="6988947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988947" title="Sex blog">
Sex blog



</doc>
<doc id="6988954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988954" title="2003–04 NBL season">
2003–04 NBL season

The 2003–04 NBL season was the 26th season of competition since its establishment in 1979. A total of 12 teams contested the league. This season marked the first NBL season that featured the New Zealand Breakers, the first New Zealand team in the Australian competition. Also, the Canberra Cannons were replaced by the Hunter Pirates.
Regular season.
The 2003–04 regular season took place over 22 rounds between 1 October 2003 and 29 February 2004.
Round 1.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 2.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 3.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 4.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 5.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 6.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 7.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 8.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 9.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 10.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 11.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 12.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 13.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 14.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 15.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 16.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 17.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 18.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 19.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 20.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 21.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Round 22.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Ladder.
The NBL tie-breaker system as outlined in the NBL Rules and Regulations states that in the case of an identical win–loss record, the results in games played between the teams will determine order of seeding.
Finals.
Elimination Finals.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Semi-finals.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore
Grand Final.
!width=90| Date
!width=180| Home
!width=60| Score
!width=180| Away
!width=260| Venue
!width=70| Crowd
!width=70| Boxscore

</doc>
<doc id="6988956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988956" title="Waterloo East">
Waterloo East



</doc>
<doc id="6988958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988958" title="Operation Saffraan">
Operation Saffraan

Operation Saffraan () was a series of South African Defence Force raids from the Caprivi Strip area during the South African Border War. On 23 August 1978 PLAN and the Zambian army shelled the small South African garrison town Katimo Mulilo in eastern Caprivi (Namibia). In March 1979, South African forces entered south-western Zambia attacking PLAN bases in retaliation for the shelling of Katimo Mulilo. These bases were around Sinjembele and the Njinje forest, were found to have been vacated but the facilities were destroyed disrupting future border infiltrations. The raid into Zambia resulted in SWAPO being asked to leave the country. Conducted on 7 March 1979 concurrently with Operation Rekstok; it followed Operation Reindeer and preceded Operation Sceptic.

</doc>
<doc id="6988963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988963" title="The Three Burials Of Melquiades Estrada">
The Three Burials Of Melquiades Estrada



</doc>
<doc id="6988965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988965" title="Cylindrachetidae">
Cylindrachetidae



</doc>
<doc id="6988968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988968" title="Northern Ireland Grand Committee">
Northern Ireland Grand Committee

The Northern Ireland Grand Committee is one of three such grand committees in the United Kingdom Parliament. The other two are for Scotland and Wales. The membership of the committee includes all participating Northern Irish MPs, as well as up to 25 other MPs who are nominated by the Committee of Selection.
The purpose of the committee is to read bills that are relevant to Northern Ireland before their second or third readings in Parliament. It also provides an opportunity for MPs to question ministers, debate current matters and for ministers to make statements. There are between three and six committee meetings per year.
Until recently, unlike its Scottish and Welsh counterparts, the Northern Ireland Grand Committee met at Westminster and never in Northern Ireland. However, the Democratic Unionist Party pressed for a meeting to take place in Northern Ireland itself. The government agreed, and in December 2006 the first local meeting of the committee took place in the council chamber at Belfast City Hall. The committee met again in Northern Ireland in September 2013, this time in the Senate Chamber at Parliament Buildings, Stormont.
External links.
Northern Ireland Grand Committee Debates by parliamentary year:

</doc>
<doc id="6988987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988987" title="The Survivor (Railroad Car)">
The Survivor (Railroad Car)



</doc>
<doc id="6988995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988995" title="Englissh">
Englissh



</doc>
<doc id="6988996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6988996" title="Heaven Sword and Dragon Sabre">
Heaven Sword and Dragon Sabre



</doc>
<doc id="6989001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989001" title="War of the Gods (DC Comics)">
War of the Gods (DC Comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6989006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989006" title="Mirehouse">
Mirehouse

Mirehouse is a 17th-century house to the north of Keswick in Cumbria, at the foot of Dodd, near Bassenthwaite Lake and St Bega's Church, on the A591 road. Although still a family home it and its grounds are open to the public and in 1999 won the award for 'Best Heritage Property for Families in the UK'.
History.
Mirehouse was built in 1666 by Charles Stanley, 8th Earl of Derby, who sold it in 1688 to his agent, Roger Greg. The Greg family and then their descendants, the Storys owned the estate until 1802 when Thomas Story left it in his will to John Spedding.
The Spedding family, who still own the house, have enlarged the house several times, with the last major changes occurring in the 1960s, when extensive renovation work was carried out, and in the 1980s, when the ground floor and grounds were opened to the public. The grounds now include a bee garden, a wild flower meadow, a "poetry walk", squirrel island and adventure playgrounds.
The Spedding family had strong links to a number of poets, including Alfred, Lord Tennyson, Robert Southey, Edward FitzGerald and Thomas Carlyle. In celebration of these poetic links, an annual Poetry competition is now held.

</doc>
<doc id="6989007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989007" title="Bishop of Nottingham">
Bishop of Nottingham

Bishop of Nottingham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6989008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989008" title="Operation Rekstok">
Operation Rekstok

Operation Rekstok was a series of South African raids into southern Angola on 7 March 1979 during the South African Border War. The operation lasted six days. Operating from Ovamboland, SADF forces entered Angola and attacked SWAPO bases at Mongua, Oncocua, Henhombe and Heque. During the operation, a SAAF bomber was shot down, killing Lieutenant Wally Marais and Second Lieutenant O. J. Doyle. The SADF conducted Rekstok concurrently with Operation Safraan and later performed Operation Sceptic.

</doc>
<doc id="6989009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989009" title="Chanoir (version 2)">
Chanoir (version 2)



</doc>
<doc id="6989017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989017" title="Sliver">
Sliver

Sliver may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6989021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989021" title="Slieve Bloom GAA">
Slieve Bloom GAA

Slieve Bloom GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association hurling club in County Laois, Ireland.
Overview.
The club was founded in 1947 and the club colours are orange and white.
The club grounds are located from Mountrath off the mountain road to Clonaslee. The townland that the field is located in is called Deerpark and the grounds were once part of the Deerpark estate. The club obtained the grounds from the land commission when the estate was divided. Previous to that the club had operated from the sportsfield at Clonin, Mountrath and also from Rushin, Mountrath.
In later years the grounds were improved, the playing pitch was leveled and a perimeter fence was erected.
In 1947 Slieve Bloom won the Laois Junior Hurling Championship but had to wait until 1983 to repeat that success. The Captain of the team in 1983 was Thomas Cuddy as the Slieve Bloom men beat Ballypickas in the final.
Their only other championship title came in 1999 when they won Laois Junior B Hurling Championship title following a 2–4 to 0–7 win over neighbours Castletown.
Slieve Bloom also won the Laois All-County Hurling League Division 4 title in 1999 with a repeat win over Castletown and added the Laois All-County Hurling League Division 3 title in 2002.
In 2009 a new Gaelic football club was formed between members of both Slieve Bloom and Castletown. This new entity was a short lived union.
In early 2015 the decision was made to part ways with the senior amalgamation and Slieve Bloom entered a team in the Junior A championship and Division 3 league. James Young from Clonaslee was appointed as the team trainer, his first such role.
On 9 October 2016, Slieve Bloom won their first Junior A championship in 33 years beating Rathdowney-Errill in the final by 2–24 to 2–6, an 18 points win. Slieve Bloom's Laois senior hurler Ben Conroy scored 1–15.

</doc>
<doc id="6989024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989024" title="Carl'Alberto Perroux">
Carl'Alberto Perroux

Carl'Alberto Perroux (also Carlo Alberto; 20 November 1905 – 20 August 1977) was an Italian contract bridge official, the founder and long-time non-playing captain of the Blue Team, the most successful team in bridge history. As Blue Team captain he won 8 Bermuda Bowls, 1 World Team Olympiad and 3 European Bridge League s championships in the period from 1951 to 1966.
Perroux was born in Mirandola, Modena, in 1905, the son of Alberto Perroux and Enrica Maramotti Perroux. A criminal attorney in private life, he was the captain of the team through 1950s and early 1960s. He was the main craftsman of the team's cohesion and spirit, both by supporting and consoling, and by exhorting and forcing. He was known for imposing tough discipline: players who broke the rules were unconditionally benched, regardless of short-term benefits. He even checked whether the team members went to bed alone and on time during tournaments.
Perroux was the president of Italian Bridge Federation from 1952 to 1967, when he retired to Brazil and began helping Brazilian players.
He wrote one book, "The Blue Team – Our Story of Bridge", whose revised and enlarged edition was published in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="6989026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989026" title="Carl Alberto Perroux">
Carl Alberto Perroux



</doc>
<doc id="6989029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989029" title="Scouting in the Antarctic">
Scouting in the Antarctic

Scouting in the Antarctic is maintained by a single troop of Argentine Scouts and also by visiting Scouts from other nations who are participating in expeditions and research projects.
Permanent Scout Group.
The southernmost Scout unit of the world, the "Grupo Scouts 1556 "Esperanza Blanca"", is at the Esperanza Base at the tip of the Antarctic Peninsula; it is affiliated to the Scouts de Argentina. Originally, the group belonged to the "Asociación Diocesana de Scouts Católicos Argentinos Castrense" (Diocesan Association of the Catholic Scouts of Argentina - Military Diocese), an independent Scout organization with links to the Union Internationale des Guides et Scouts d'Europe.
Scouts participating in Antarctic expeditions.
Charles Hoadley, who founded one of the first Scout Groups in Footscray, Victoria, Australia, was a member of the Australasian Antarctic Expedition led by Sir Douglas Mawson from 1911 to 1914. Hoadley was a member of the Western Base Party. Cape Hoadley was named after him upon discovery by the exploration party.
James William Slessor Marr was one of two British Scouts who were selected from 1,700 Scouting applicants to accompany Sir Ernest Shackleton on the 1921 Shackleton–Rowett Expedition. The expedition was curtailed following the death of Shackleton, but Marr later joined the 1929 British Australian and New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition. The other Scout, Norman Mooney, left the expedition "en route" due to illness.
Paul Siple took part in two Byrd expeditions of 1928 to 1930 and 1933 to 1935, representing the Boy Scouts of America as an Eagle Scout.
BSA Antarctic Scientific Program.
Following the example of Paul Siple, Eagle Scout Richard Chappell was selected to join the researchers of the United States Antarctic Program to mark International Geophysical Year in 1957–58. Mark Lienmiller was similarly selected to go to the Antarctic in 1978 for the 50th anniversary of Byrd's 1928 expedition. This was repeated in 1985 when Doug Barnhart was selected. These placements proved so successful that the National Science Foundation announced that once every three years, the National Science Foundation would sponsor an "Antarctic Scout" to join the Antarctic Program commencing in 1987, with the aim of "providing students with opportunities to participate in research activities outside the college or university setting".
Scouting Antarctic expeditions.
Three Scouts of Scouts Australia, Ian Brown, Keith Williams, and Peter Treseder, were the first Australians to walk unaided to the South Pole, and stood at the Pole with the World Scout flag on New Year's Day 1998. It took them 60 days to reach the Pole, pulling all their food and gear with them. "We gained our zest for adventure in Scouts. Scouting is fun and you learn to adventure safely," they said in a message broadcast from Antarctica to Scouts at the 1997/98 Australian Scout Jamboree.
In January 2019 Joe Doherty, a member of Hampshire Scout Expeditions, became the first Scout in the world to ski to the south pole and kite ski back. It took 66 days and covered over 2000 km. The team originally consisted of 5 members, but due to injury and other commitments, Joe went on a guided expedition there and back. Joe skied with 1 guide and two clients to the pole and kite skied back with the guide, from Antarctic Logistics and Expeditions (ALE). They carried all their own supplies, weighing up to 120kg at times. 
In December 2021 Venturing Crew 774 of Orange County Council, CA, USA (part of the Boy Scouts of America) participated in an expedition to the Antarctic Peninsula. They traveled aboard the Plancius, operated by Oceanwide Expeditions. During the cruise they assisted with marine faunal collections, working with scientific divers from the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles, camped on the continent, kayaked, and worked on rank advancement and leadership training. 20 youth supported by 19 adult volunteers participated.
In January 2022 a ten strong team of Scouts (8 from Kent and 2 from Scotland) sailed to the Antarctic Peninsular as part of the REQUEST2021 Antarctica Project. This was to commemorate the 1921 - 1922 Shackleton-Rowett "Quest" Expedition for which Scouts James Marr and Norman Mooney were selected as cabin boys by Sir Ernest Shackleton.

</doc>
<doc id="6989030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989030" title="Bishop of Nottingham and Southwell">
Bishop of Nottingham and Southwell



</doc>
<doc id="6989041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989041" title="Pyjama shark">
Pyjama shark

The pyjama shark or striped catshark (Poroderma africanum) is a species of catshark, and part of the family Scyliorhinidae, endemic to the coastal waters of South Africa. This abundant, bottom-dwelling species can be found from the intertidal zone to a depth of around , particularly over rocky reefs and kelp beds. With a series of thick, parallel, dark stripes running along its stout body, the pyjama shark has an unmistakable appearance. It is additionally characterized by a short head and snout with a pair of slender barbels that do not reach the mouth, and two dorsal fins that are placed far back on the body. It can grow up to a length of long.
The pyjama shark is primarily nocturnal, spending most of the day lying motionless and hidden in a cave or crevice or among vegetation. It often forms groups, particularly during summer. This species is an opportunistic predator that feeds on a wide variety of fishes and invertebrates; it favors cephalopods and frequents the spawning grounds of the chokka squid ("Loligo reynaudi"). When threatened, it curls into a circle with its tail covering its head. Reproduction is oviparous, with females laying rectangular, dark brown egg cases two at a time year-round. This small and harmless shark adapts well to captivity and is commonly displayed in public aquariums. It is often caught as a bycatch of commercial and recreational fisheries. Many are killed by fishers who regard them as pests. However, there is no data suggesting its numbers have declined, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed the pyjama shark as least concern.
Taxonomy.
The pyjama shark was originally described as "Squalus africanus" by German naturalist Johann Friedrich Gmelin in 1789, in the thirteenth edition of "Systema Naturae". He did not designate a type specimen. In 1837, Scottish physician and zoologist Andrew Smith created the new genus "Poroderma" for this species and the related leopard catshark ("P. pantherinum", at the time believed to be multiple species). In 1908, the pyjama shark was made the type species of the genus by American zoologist Henry Weed Fowler.
Distribution and habitat.
A bottom-dwelling inhabitant of temperate inshore waters, the pyjama shark is found off South Africa, from Table Bay off Cape Town to north of East London. It is most abundant off the Western Cape, and may venture as far as Saldanha Bay in the west and KwaZulu-Natal in the east; old records from Mauritius, Madagascar, and Zaire are almost certainly erroneous. The pyjama shark is commonly encountered in very shallow intertidal and littoral waters no more than deep, though in and around Algoa Bay it occurs at depths of and has been reported to . It favors rocky reefs and beds of "Ecklonia" kelp.
Description.
The pyjama shark is the larger and thicker-bodied of the two "Poroderma" species, growing to long and or more in weight. Both sexes grow to roughly the same maximum size. The head and snout are short and slightly flattened, with a narrowly parabolic outline when viewed from above or below. Each nostril is split into tiny incurrent and excurrent openings by a flap of skin in front; the flap has a three-lobed shape with the central lobe forming a long, conical barbel. The barbels are thicker than in the leopard catshark, and do not reach the mouth. The eyes are horizontally oval and placed rather high on the head, with rudimentary nictitating membranes (protective third eyelids) and a thick ridge running underneath. The sizable mouth forms a broad arch, with short furrows extending from the corners onto both the upper and lower jaws; the upper teeth are exposed when the mouth is closed. There are 18–25 and 14–24 tooth rows on either side of the upper and lower jaws, respectively. The teeth have a slender central cusp flanked by a pair of small cusplets; those of adult males are slightly thicker than those of females.
The body is fairly compressed from side to side and tapers towards the tail. The two dorsal fins are placed far back: the first originates over the rear of the pelvic fins while the second originates over the midpoint of the anal fin. The first dorsal is much larger than the second. The pectoral fins are large and broad. The pelvic fins are lower than the pectorals but their bases are about equal in length. Adult males have a pair of short, thick claspers, with the inner margins of the pelvic fins partially fused over them to form an "apron". The short and broad caudal fin has an indistinct lower lobe and a ventral notch near the tip of the upper lobe. The skin is very thick and bears well-calcified dermal denticles; each denticle has an arrowhead-shaped crown with three posterior points, mounted on a short stalk. The dorsal coloration is distinctive, consisting of 5–7 thick, parallel, dark stripes running from the snout to the caudal peduncle on a variably grayish or brownish background; the stripes become broken near the tail and the belly. In some sharks, the main stripe on either side may fork behind the eye, the stripes may be split in two by lighter central lines, or one or more large dark spots may be present. The underside is pale, sometimes with light gray spotting, and clearly demarcated from the flank color. Young sharks resemble the adults, but may be much lighter or have much darker stripes. An albino specimen has been recorded from False Bay.
Biology and ecology.
Rather slow-swimming, the pyjama shark spends most of the day resting in caves or crevices or amongst kelp, emerging at night to actively forage for food. Many individuals may congregate at a single spot, particularly in summer. This species falls prey to larger sharks, and is one of the cartilaginous fish most frequently consumed by the broadnose sevengill shark ("Notorynchus cepedianus"). When threatened, it often curls into a circle with its tail covering its head, in a similar fashion to the shysharks ("Haploblepharus"). Its eggs are fed upon by the whelks "Burnupena papyracea" and "B. lagenaria", which can pierce the outer covering to extract the yolk within. Like other sharks, the pyjama shark maintains osmotic balance with the environment by regulating its internal concentration of urea and other nitrogenous wastes. Experiments have shown that the shark's capacity for osmoregulation is dependent on how well it has fed.
The pyjama shark feeds on a wide variety of small animals, including bony fishes such as anchovies, gurnards, and hakes, hagfishes, smaller sharks and rays and their egg cases, crustaceans, cephalopods, bivalves, and polychaete worms; it has also been known to scavenge on fish offal. Although it has a predilection for cephalopods, the dietary composition of this opportunistic predator generally reflects the locally available prey types. For example, in False Bay the Cape rock lobster ("Jasus lalandii") is the most important food source, followed by cephalopods and then fish. Pyjama sharks have been observed seizing and tearing off tentacles from octopus and cuttlefish with a twisting motion; on one occasion three sharks were seen attacking an octopus simultaneously in this manner. During mass spawnings of the chokka squid ("Loligo vulgaris reynaudi"), which occur unpredictably year-round but peak from October to December, pyjama sharks deviate from their nocturnal habits and gather in substantial numbers inside the squids' "egg beds" during daytime. The sharks conceal their heads amongst the egg masses, while their stripes break up the outlines of their bodies. As the female squid descend to the sea floor to attach their eggs, guarded by the males, they become vulnerable to the sharks' ambush attacks.
An oviparous species, both male and female pyjama sharks seem to be reproductively active throughout the year. Adult females have a single functional ovary and two functional oviducts, with a single egg maturing in each at a time. The egg is contained in a tough, rectangular, dark brown capsule long and across, with long tendrils at the corners that enable the female to fasten the capsule to underwater structures such as algae stipes or gorgonians. Eggs maintained in aquariums hatch in approximately five and a half months, with the hatching shark measuring long. Males and females begin to mature sexually at and long respectively, and all sharks are adult by a length of .
Human interactions.
Among the most common South African catsharks, the pyjama shark is harmless to humans and difficult to approach underwater. Because of its small size, attractive appearance, and hardiness, it is popularly exhibited by public aquariums. The aquarium trade supports a small fishery targeting this species and the similar leopard catshark. Large numbers of pyjama sharks are caught incidentally by commercial fisheries using longlines, gillnets, beach-seines, and bottom trawls; they are also readily hooked by recreational anglers, especially during the summer when they aggregate. Although edible, most are discarded while some are used for lobster bait. The toll taken by fishery bycatch is likely greatly underestimated, as many fishers who use line gear regard pyjama sharks as pests that "steal" bait, and kill them before discarding them.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed the pyjama shark as least concern. Despite its limited distribution and a recent increase in fishing pressure on small sharks in the region, there is no evidence to suggest that its population has declined. There are no specific conservation measures in place for this species, though its range encompasses two marine reserves. The South African Sea Fisheries Research Institute is considering legally decommercializing the pyjama shark, which would limit the degree to which it can be targeted by commercial fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="6989042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989042" title="Control Moment Gyro">
Control Moment Gyro



</doc>
<doc id="6989044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989044" title="Carl' Alberto Perroux">
Carl' Alberto Perroux



</doc>
<doc id="6989047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989047" title="Archdeaconry of Nottingham">
Archdeaconry of Nottingham



</doc>
<doc id="6989048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989048" title="Poroderma africanum">
Poroderma africanum



</doc>
<doc id="6989049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989049" title="Shree Mahalasa">
Shree Mahalasa



</doc>
<doc id="6989051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989051" title="Secure Digital High-Capacity">
Secure Digital High-Capacity



</doc>
<doc id="6989055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989055" title="River Morava">
River Morava



</doc>
<doc id="6989057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989057" title="Mikayla de Leon Jones">
Mikayla de Leon Jones



</doc>
<doc id="6989061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989061" title="Kathleen de leon">
Kathleen de leon



</doc>
<doc id="6989069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989069" title="That Travelin' Two-Beat">
That Travelin' Two-Beat

That Travelin' Two-Beat is a duet album by Bing Crosby and Rosemary Clooney recorded in 1964 and released on Capitol Records in 1965.
With its world tour theme, it was a revisitation of the concept explored in the duo's acclaimed RCA Victor album, "Fancy Meeting You Here", released in 1958. That album had been arranged by Billy May, and he was called upon again to write the charts for this sequel.
As its title implies, the album took popular songs from around the world, but then set them all to Dixieland two-beat arrangements. 
The songwriters Jay Livingston and Ray Evans supplied the title track and added new lyrics and countermelodies to the other, more-established songs.
Crosby and Clooney were friends, who often performed together on television, radio and stage. "That Travelin' Two-Beat" was re-released on CD in 2001 on the Collectors' Choice label, combined with another Crosby album from 1965 (this time without Clooney), "Bing Crosby Sings the Great Country Hits".
Reception.
Variety commented: "This parlay of Bing Crosby and Rosemary Clooney results in fair session of Dixieland music pegged to a musical Cook’s tour. While the sound is traditional, the repertoire is definitely offbeat, setting some surprising material into a two-beat format. The duo works with some amusing ideas in the title song, “Knees Up, Mother,” “Roamin’ in the Gloamin’,” “The Daughter of Molly Malone,” “The Poor People of Paris” and “I Get Ideas,” plus a takeout on a Strauss waltz, “New Vienna Woods.” This was the last session produced by Capitol's A &amp; R Executive, the late Si Rady."
Record producer, Ken Barnes, wrote: "This second album, teaming Bing with the delightful Rosemary Clooney, is far less sophisticated than the 1958 classic Fancy Meeting You Here (RCA), but it is enjoyable nonetheless. Like the previous album, Crosby and Clooney have decided to retain the “travel” theme—with songs like “Poor People of Paris,” “Roamin’ in the Gloamin’,” and a clever, up-dated variation of Strauss’s “New Vienna Woods.” The only shortcoming—and with twelve songs it is a considerable one—is that everything is tied to a two-beat Dixieland format. Despite these limitations, Billy May's tongue-in-cheek backings raise a smile or two. The adaptations and lyrics by Jay Livingston and Ray Evans are very effective. Miss Clooney responds happily to Bing's bouncy phrasing. If the treatments had been a little more varied and the sound balancing a shade more sympathetic to the voices, this could have been just as good as Fancy."
In Ken Crossland's and Malcolm Macfarlane's book about Rosemary Clooney, Late life Jazz, they reviewed the album saying: "So, the old firm of Crosby and Clooney went to work late in 1964 and over three sessions, recorded That Travellin’ Two-Beat. The album lifted much from its predecessor from six years before. It had the same theme, travel, and the same arranger (Billy May) and where the first had been the brainchild of one songwriting partnership (Cahn and Van Heusen), Two-Beat relied on another pairing, that of Jay Livingston and Ray Evans. The result was a spirited and lively album but, as with many follow-ups, one that never quite matched the original. Livingston and Evans composed some new material, including the title track, as well as providing some updated lyrics for some of the older material that Bing and Rosemary chose to include. Thus, the 1883 song about a Dublin fishmonger, “Molly Malone” became an updated “Daughter of Molly Malone”. A classical piece, Johann Strauss's “Tales from the Vienna Woods” became the “New Vienna Woods”, whilst the Latin standard “Cielito Lindo”” became “Adios, Senorita”.
Critical response to the album was lukewarm and few reviewers thought that it matched its predecessor. Some said the Livingston and Evans re-workings were too elaborate and complicated. Others thought that May's typically bombastic arrangements, complete with bells and whistles, owed more to a marching band or circus act than it did to the purported Dixieland theme. Perhaps the greatest difference however was in the duet performances of Bing and Rosemary. Until the Two-Beat album, they had always appeared as equal partners, working in a genuinely collaborative style. Two-Beat however was Crosby's show. His voice opens virtually every track and makes almost all the running. The reason, it later emerged, was that the duets, like Rosemary's outing with Sinatra the year before, were studio creations. Crosby put down his vocals first with Rosemary filling in the gaps later. The emergence of a rehearsal recording in which Jay Livingston sang Rosemary's part (“You’re very brave, Mr. Livingston,” said Crosby at the end of the session) was the first indication that the duets were spliced together."

</doc>
<doc id="6989070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989070" title="Baird baronets">
Baird baronets

There have been four baronetcies created for persons with the surname Baird, two in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia and two in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="6989074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989074" title="Elizabeth Choy">
Elizabeth Choy

Elizabeth Choy Su-Moi (née Yong; 29 November 1910 – 14 September 2006) was a Singaporean educator and councillor who is regarded as a war heroine in Singapore. Along with her husband, Choy Khun Heng, she supplied medicine, money and messages to Far East prisoners of war and civilian internees held in Changi Prison during the Japanese occupation of Singapore in World War II.
Early life.
Choy was born in a Hakka family in Kudat, North Borneo (now Sabah). Her great-grandparents first came to Kudat from Hong Kong to assist German missionaries in their work. The eldest of 11 children, Choy's father worked as a civil servant after completing his early education in China with some English education in North Borneo, where he married the daughter of a priest. He transferred to work in Jesselton (now Kota Kinabalu) and was later promoted to District Officer and he moved to Kalimantan.
Choy was raised by a Kadazan nanny and acquired Kadazan as her first language. She became an Anglican at St Monica's Boarding School in Sandakan, where she adopted the name "Elizabeth", and went on to pursue higher education in Raffles College (now the National University of Singapore) in Singapore. As her family could not afford the tuition fees, she started to teach, first at St Margaret's School and then at St Andrew's School.
In August 1941, she married Choy Khun Heng, employed by the Borneo Company.
Life during Japanese Occupation.
During the Japanese invasion of Malaya, Choy served as a second lieutenant in the women's auxiliary arm of the Singapore Volunteer Corps, where she acquired the nickname "Gunner Choy". She was also a volunteer nurse with the Medical Auxiliary Service. After the fall of Singapore in 1942, the Choys set up a canteen at the Tan Tock Seng Hospital, after all the patients and doctors had been moved from the Miyako Hospital (former Woodbridge Hospital), where they soon started a regular ambulance run for British civilian internees. The couple helped prisoners interned in Changi Prison by passing to them cash and parcels containing fresh clothing, medicine and letters during their deliveries. They incurred further risk by sending in radio parts for hidden receivers until the Japanese crackdown following Operation Jaywick.
During the subsequent Double Tenth Incident, an informant told the Kempeitai (Japanese military police) that the Choys were involved in smuggling money into Changi Prison, resulting in the arrest of Choy's husband. After several days, Choy went to the Kempeitai East District Branch to ask about her husband. The Japanese denied knowledge of him, but lured her back to the branch three weeks later and confined her with other prisoners. She was imprisoned and subjected to torture. R. H. Scott, a former director of the British Ministry of Information (Far Eastern Branch) and principal witness at the War Crimes Court in Singapore, later testified that he saw Choy being stripped and severely beaten "on at least one occasion". Throughout her imprisonment, her strong Christian faith and the classic texts that she learnt in school about moral values kept her strong.
At the Japanese surrender in Singapore in September 1945, Choy was invited by Lady Mountbatten to witness the official ceremony, where she was escorted by the governor, Sir Shenton Thomas, and his wife, to whom she had sent medicine in Changi Prison.
Post-war life in England.
After the war, the Choys were invited to England to recuperate. During their stay, Lady Baden-Powell awarded her the Girl Guides' highest honour for gallantry, the Bronze Cross, and the Rajah of Sarawak Charles Brooke presented her with the Order of the Star of Sarawak. The Choys were bestowed with the Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in June 1946. They were honoured for their work in assisting British prisoners of war in Malaya during the Japanese occupation. In addition, Choy received the honour of having a half-hour private audience with Queen Elizabeth at St James's Palace on 25 July 1946.
During her four-year stay in England, Choy studied domestic science at the Northern Polytechnic (now the University of North London) and taught at a London council school. Intent on studying art but without the finances for this venture, Choy began a stint as an artist's model, posing for two sculptures, "Serene Jade" and "Flawless Crystal", by the sculptor Dora Gordine.
Later life in Singapore.
On returning to Singapore in 1949, Choy resumed teaching and became involved in the political developments preceding Singapore's independence. She stood in the election in December 1950 for the West Ward. However, she lost to the Progressive Party candidate Soh Ghee Soon.
From 1951 to 1955, Choy was nominated by the Governor to the Legislative Council of Singapore, where she spoke frequently on behalf of the poor and needy, and campaigned for the development of social services and family planning. As a member of the Legislative Council, she represented Singapore at the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in June 1953. She later stood for elections in Queenstown but retired from politics thereafter.
Choy's teaching career at St Andrew's School continued until 1974, except for a four-year spell as the first principal, as well as a teacher, at the Singapore School for the Blind from 1956. After her retirement she improved her languages and travelled. She continued with social work and school visits into her 90s, impressing young Singaporeans with the need to maintain strong national defence.
Choy was also noted for wearing traditional Chinese and Indian clothing, qipaos and bangles, which earned her the nickname "Dayak Woman of Singapore".
Choy died from pancreatic cancer in 2006 at the age of 95.
Portrayal in media.
In October 1986, Choy's life story was adapted into a stage play "Not Afraid To Live, Not Afraid To Remember" by Kim Ramakrishnan. The play was directed by Lim Siauw Chong and was staged by Theatreworks at the Drama Centre in Singapore.
On 11 September 1995, a column on Choy, titled "She paid 40 cents for me to have this picture", was published in the Singapore newspaper "The Straits Times". It was written by columnist Koh Buck Song, one of Choy's former students.
On 29 October 1997, an exhibition titled "Elizabeth Choy : A Woman Ahead of Her Time" was officially opened at the Singapore History Museum in honour of Choy's contributions to Singapore. The exhibition was considered unique for a living woman in Singapore history, tracing her life as a nurse, her travels to the United Kingdom to meet royalty, her 22-year teaching career at St Andrew's School, and her vast contributions to the less fortunate. More than 100 artefacts of pictures and newspaper clippings of her past, including the sculpture "Serene Jade", were on display at the exhibition. This was a nude sculpture of Choy, created in 1949 by Dora Gordine. It was also the first in a series of four sculptures by Gordine, and only five other copies of the sculpture remain in existence.
Choy's life and experiences during the Japanese occupation of Singapore had been depicted twice in television. The first time was in "The Price of Peace", a Chinese-language drama series aired on TCS Eighth Frequency (now MediaCorp Channel 8) in 1997, in which she appeared as a semi-fictional character and was portrayed by actress Xiang Yun. The second time was in "Life Stories – Story of Elizabeth Choy", which was aired on the English-language MediaCorp Channel 5 in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="6989084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989084" title="Solar Photovoltaic">
Solar Photovoltaic



</doc>
<doc id="6989092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989092" title="Solar photovoltaic">
Solar photovoltaic



</doc>
<doc id="6989094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989094" title="Ali Khan Asif Jah II">
Ali Khan Asif Jah II



</doc>
<doc id="6989096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989096" title="Solar photovoltaics">
Solar photovoltaics



</doc>
<doc id="6989099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989099" title="The Pure Weight of the Heart">
The Pure Weight of the Heart

The Pure Weight of the Heart is Antonella Gambotto-Burke's first novel and third book. It peaked at number six on "The Sydney Morning Herald" bestseller list. Published by Orion Publishing in London in 1998, it was translated into German by Deutscher Taschenbuch Verlag (DTV) in 2000. "Tatler"'s Book of the Month, "The Pure Weight of the Heart" reflected a number of themes found in "The Astronomer", a short story Gambotto-Burke wrote in 1989. In its section 'What to say about the book', "Tatler" suggested: "Funny how the most odious characters in print are always so much worse in real life."
Critical response.
Classified as "post-multicultural fiction," "The Pure Weight of the Heart" attracted a strong critical reception. In his review of the book, Australian author Matthew Condon wrote, "From the outset, "The Pure Weight of the Heart" establishes its own rich, often infuriating, often ungraspable, often highly satisfying tone. It is a tone that often eludes a first-time novelist ... [Gambotto's] picture of the London literary scene is without rival ... a novel of considerable gusto and daring." "The Herald Sun" agreed: "Gambotto has successfully combined humor, sarcasm and insight to write a novel that cuts through the polished facade of society life." "The Sunday Times" (Perth) critic decided that "The Pure Weight of the Heart" showcased "the empathy and passion of a Bronte novel." "The Townsville Bulletin" called the novel "dense and lush," and "SundayLife!" magazine described its style as "unfurl[ing] with cool control."
"The Daily Telegraph" critic Lucy Clark wrote that the novel was "both overwritten and at times beautiful. It is florid and ornamental, lavish and extravagant. It alternates between poignancy, witty observation, repetitively lyrical sex and soap opera romantics ... Part literary, part social commentary, part bodice-ripper, it doesn't seem to know what it is, except a love story."
"Who (magazine)" held the novel as evidence of Gambotto-Burke's "major literary talent". And after criticising the sometimes impenetrable prose, "Harper's Bazaar" features editor Louise Upton decided that "the detail of the fiction verges on social reality."
Although she concluded that there was "lots to admire" in the book, Irish heiress Daphne Guinness had trouble with the "over the top" sex scenes: "Move over, Anaïs Nin."
Plot summary.
The novel, narrated in first person and divided into three volumes, is the story of Angelica Botticelli, an Italian-born Australian, and astrophysicist from an apparently wealthy background. Born in Italy to an Austrian mother and Italian father, Angelica is a troubled woman in search of love:
"From birth, Angelica is destined to fall in love with an angel. At ten, her blissful childhood is destroyed by the death of her father. Only the stars in the sky at night give her hope. Years later, the adult Angelica, beautiful and gifted, and still a student of the stars, drifts through a world of glamour, power and cruelty, until the night she finally finds her angel, in the heart of the extravagance she has come to despise." (Antonella Gambotto, The Pure Weight Of The Heart, blurb, Orion Publishing 1998)
The novel is divided into three volumes, and the title of each volume directly refers to its main theme:
Book One: "Grief is a Sphere", which details her childhood, adolescence and reaction to her father's murder.
Book Two: "A Lycanthropic God", which details her move back to Sydney from London, secretly hostile relationship with her bogan flatmate, Caroline Brine, and discovery of her "angel", the aptly named Gabriel (his surname, Lagen, is an anagram of "angel"), and their ensuing relationship.
Book Three: "The Bestiary", which details a trip to Chicago to see her mother, brother and mother's second husband, the truly vile Aldo Belva ("belva" means "beast" in Italian), and the characters attending the week-long party, who form "The Bestiary" for which the volume is named.
Characters.
Though Angelica Botticelli is our narrator, certain other characters are quite notable within the text, and indeed the novel is often noted for the razor-sharp prose and social commentary. It is not Angelica's lover, Gabriel Lagen, who draws the most interest, rather her flatmate Caroline Brine, stepfather Aldo Belva, narcissistic first love—novelist William Grieve, and her unnamed but extravagantly cruel mother, who draw a lot of interest and straddle the boundary between being larger than life and all too real.
Genre.
While often touted as literary prose, "The Pure Weight Of The Heart" also follows many conventions of the Romance novel genre, with the impossibly beautiful, flawed heroine, and the mysterious, flawed, but incredibly sexy hero, who, after a series of misunderstandings, finally reach a resolve... of sorts.
Quotations.
"I think my parents were bewildered by my oddity." (p3)
"In the second or so it had taken that bullet to leave its muzzle and penetrate my father's heart, between the pressure of that finger on the trigger and my father's soundless roar, somewhere in that infernal compression of decision, action, and consequence, I was forever altered." (p25)
"Grief is a sphere in that it can be turned a quarter turn or turned a millionth, it can be spun on any axis and by any degree and still its aspect is the same." (p28)
"From the standpoint of the present, the future is always a derangement of ambitions." (p55)
"Ah, Caroline Brine - with your aversion to bohemians and homosexuals, students and foreigners, with your lacerated womb and scullery rat's brain, with your phosphorescent dildos and potted African violets, haunted by the ghost of your aborted baby and contaminated by envy, you freckled, you artificially tanned, you stupefyingly bland and vicious mediocrity - even after all these years, I still detest you." (p114)
"The fragile teacups, the brittle relics, the frail upholstery and shattery glass: this was a world of little things and little ways, their delicacy presupposing their protection." (p304)
"It can be said that deeply traumatized children grow into adults who live in the minefield of their own extreme emotions. Plus ca change." (p326)
"The conversion of mass to energy and light is the prerogative of every star." (p357)

</doc>
<doc id="6989101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989101" title="Zeljko Samardzic">
Zeljko Samardzic



</doc>
<doc id="6989104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989104" title="Solar Photovoltaics">
Solar Photovoltaics



</doc>
<doc id="6989112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989112" title="Koryakia Autonomous Okrug">
Koryakia Autonomous Okrug



</doc>
<doc id="6989116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989116" title="Leopard catshark">
Leopard catshark

The leopard catshark (Poroderma pantherinum) is a species of catshark, and part of the family Scyliorhinidae, endemic to the coastal waters of South Africa. Abundant in inshore waters under deep, this bottom-dweller favors rocky reefs, kelp beds, and sandy flats. Growing to a length of , the leopard catshark has a stout body with two dorsal fins placed well back, and a short head and tail. It is extremely variable in color and pattern, with individuals ranging from almost white to black and covered by diverse patterns of black spots, blotches, rosettes, and/or lines. The color pattern changes with age and some forms seem to be location-specific, suggesting the presence of multiple distinct, local populations. In the past, some of the more distinct color forms have been described as different species.
Mainly nocturnal in habits, after dusk the leopard catshark hunts for small, benthic bony fishes and invertebrates in shallow water. In daytime, it generally rests inside caves and crevices, sometimes in groups. This species has been documented ambushing spawning chokka squid ("Loligo vulgaris reynaudi") within their spawning grounds. Reproduction is oviparous and proceeds year-round. Females produce rectangular, light-colored egg capsules two at a time, attaching them to structures on the sea floor. Small and harmless, the leopard catshark adapts well to captivity and is often exhibited in public aquariums. It is caught by commercial and recreational fishers as bycatch, and often killed as a pest. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed this species as least concern; its numbers do not seem to be declining, but heavy human activity occurs within its native waters. The possibly fragmented nature of its distribution also merits caution for each local population.
Taxonomy.
Because of its highly variable color pattern, the leopard catshark has historically been known under a multitude of names. In an 1837 issue of "Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London", Scottish physician and zoologist Andrew Smith listed without descriptions the new genus "Poroderma", containing the species "P. africanum" (the pyjama shark), "P. pantherinum", "P. submaculatum", and "P. variegatum". German biologists Johannes Peter Müller and Friedrich Gustav Jakob Henle assigned these sharks to the genus "Scyllium", and in their 1838–1841 "Systematische Beschreibung der Plagiostomen" furnished descriptions for "S. pantherinum" and "S. variegatum", and listed two more names without description, "S. leopardinum" and "S. maeandrinum". In 1934, American zoologist Henry Weed Fowler described "P. marleyi", characterized by large black spots.
Subsequent authors have recognized these names as based on pattern variants of the leopard catshark; resolving the identity of "P. marleyi" proved especially problematic and it was not confirmed to be a synonym of this species until 2003. The valid scientific name of the leopard catshark is considered to be "Poroderma pantherinum", attributed to Müller and Henle as they were responsible for the description. The specific epithet "pantherinum" refers to the panther-like patterning of the type specimen, a long female collected off the Cape of Good Hope. Other common names for this shark include barbeled catshark and blackspotted catshark.
Distribution and habitat.
The leopard catshark inhabits the temperate and subtropical inshore waters off South Africa, from Saldanha Bay in the west to the mouth of the Tugela River in the east. There are old and almost certainly erroneous records from Mauritius and Madagascar. Given the color pattern diversity within the species, its range is likely fragmented into a number of small local populations along the South African coast. Bottom-dwelling in nature, the leopard catshark is most commonly encountered from the intertidal zone to a depth of , though it has been reported from as deep as on the uppermost portion of the continental slope. This species favors rocky reefs, kelp forests, and sandy flats off beaches.
Description.
The leopard catshark is the smaller and slimmer of the two "Poroderma" species. The head and snout are short and slightly flattened, with a somewhat pointed snout tip. Each nostril is split into tiny incurrent and excurrent openings by a three-lobed flap of skin in front, of which the central lobe forms a slender barbel that reaches past the mouth. The horizontally oval eyes are equipped with rudimentary nictitating membranes (protective third eyelids) and placed rather high on the head, with a thick ridge running under each. The mouth is wide and arched, with short furrows at the corners extending onto both jaws; the upper teeth are exposed when the mouth is closed. There are 18–30 and 13–26 tooth rows on either side of the upper and lower jaws respectively. The teeth have a narrow central cusp with a pair of small lateral cusplets; those of adult males are slightly more curved than those of females.
The body is rather laterally compressed and tapers towards the tail, with two dorsal fins set far back. The first dorsal fin originates over the rear of the pelvic fins and is much larger than the second, which originates over the midpoint of the anal fin base. The bases of the pectoral and pelvic fins are about equal; the pectoral fins are large and broad while the pelvic fins are much lower. Adult males have stubby claspers with the inner margins of the pelvic fins partially fused over them to form an "apron". The caudal fin is short and broad, with an indistinct lower lobe and a ventral notch near the tip of the upper lobe. The very thick skin is covered by well-calcified dermal denticles. Each denticle has an arrowhead-shaped crown with three posterior points, mounted on a short stalk.
The background color of the leopard catshark ranges from off-white to glossy jet black above and white to almost black below, sometimes with an abrupt transition between the two. Overlaid is a striking pattern of black markings variously combining small to large spots, blotches, complete to incomplete rosettes, and/or short to long lines, that may extend almost to the midline of the belly. There are four named forms: 'typical', with leopard-like rosettes and broken lines, 'marleyi', with large round spots, 'salt and pepper', with densely packed dots, and 'melanistic', with an almost completely black upper surface and irregular stripes and/or spots; many sharks are intermediate between these forms. Color pattern is affected by development: all hatchling sharks have large black spots, that with age tend to break up into rosettes and smaller spots, that may eventually merge into lines. The 'marleyi' form appears to be a type of paedomorphosis, in which in the hatchling pattern is carried into adulthood. Color pattern is also related to geographic location, with the 'marleyi' and 'salt and pepper' forms apparently restricted to the waters off the Eastern Cape and KwaZulu-Natal. The leopard catshark reaches a maximum known length of and a maximum known weight of ; males grow slightly larger than females.
Biology and ecology.
The slow-swimming leopard catshark generally spends the day resting inside caves or crevices, either alone or in groups. At night, it moves towards the shore to actively forage for small bony fishes, cephalopods, crustaceans, and polychaete worms. In False Bay, fishes are the most important prey type, followed by cephalopods and then the Cape rock lobster ("Jasus lalandii"). This shark has been observed attacking octopus and cuttlefish by seizing and tearing off tentacles with a twisting motion. Like its close relative the pyjama shark, it will temporarily abandon its nocturnal habits to take advantage of the daytime mass spawnings of the chokka squid ("Loligo vulgaris reynaudi"), which occur unpredictably year-round with a peak from October to December. The sharks lie motionless amongst the squids' egg masses with their heads hidden, and make sudden lunges at female squid that have descended to the sea floor to attach their eggs.
The leopard catshark is oviparous and apparently reproduces throughout the year. Females produce two eggs at a time, one within each oviduct. Each egg is protected by a rectangular capsule long and across, which is light brown to olive in color and thinner-walled than those of the pyjama shark. The corners of the capsule bear long tendrils that enable the female to secure them to underwater structures. In the aquarium, the eggs hatch in approximately five and a half months. The hatchling shark measures long; males and females begin to mature sexually at and long respectively, corresponding to an age of around 10 years. One source reports the maximum lifespan as at least 15 years, while another source gives at least 19 years.
Predators of the leopard catshark include larger sharks and marine mammals; it is one of the cartilaginous fish most often consumed by the broadnose sevengill shark ("Notorynchus cepedianus"). When threatened, it curls into a ring with its tail covering its head, a behavior also performed by the shysharks ("Haploblepharus"). Its eggs are also heavily preyed upon, by animals such as the whelks "Burnupena papyracea" and "B. lagenaria", which can pierce the outer covering to extract the yolk. This species is known to be parasitized by the praniza larvae of the isopod "Gnathia pantherina", which infest the nostrils, mouth, and gills.
Human interactions.
Quite common within its range, the leopard catshark is harmless to humans. It is a popular subject of public aquariums because of its small size, attractive appearance, and hardiness. The aquarium trade supports a minor fishery that targets the two "Poroderma" species. This shark is regularly caught incidentally by commercial and recreational fishers, and almost invariably discarded despite being edible. Nevertheless, fishing mortality is likely to be high as many fishers using line gear make a point to kill hooked sharks, seeing them as pests that "steal" bait. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) presently assesses the leopard catshark as least concern, though notes that its inshore habitat is heavily fished and otherwise impacted by human activity. The possible distribution of this shark across many small, distinct populations also warrants additional investigation and monitoring.

</doc>
<doc id="6989117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989117" title="Poroderma pantherinum">
Poroderma pantherinum



</doc>
<doc id="6989118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989118" title="List of banks in Malaysia">
List of banks in Malaysia

Central Bank.
List of foreign banks (commercial).
List of Licensed Banking Institutions in Malaysia (commercial) in alphabetical order
List of Digital banks in Malaysia.
Conventional Digital Bank
Islamic Digital Bank
Investment banking arm (wholesale banking).
Merchant bank.
There is none as all previous ones have been converted or merged into investment banks.
Other types of banks.
Discount house.
There is none as all previous ones has been transformed into investment bank
List of credit cards, charge cards, debit cards and prepaid cards issuers.
Credit cards issuers.
"(i) denotes Islamic Only facilities."
Malaysia debit card issuers.
So far Al-Rajhi Visa card BIN allows online purchases for flights and US purchases. Restricted for non-Halal uses such as Casino, Pub etc. Can be used at Genting Resorts.&lt;br&gt;
E-MasterCard is the electronic Mastercard (non-embossed). It may be personalised.&lt;br&gt;
NETS is the Network for Electronic Transfer System in Singapore for EFTPOS. ATM roaming use only.&lt;br&gt;
All banks are BERHAD (Public Limited Company) except Bank Rakyat and BSN which are Coop and government entities respectively.
Most mainline banks are now members of MEPS ATM. Withdrawal charges normally are about RM1 for major banks except where stated (as much as RM5 each time). All Visa card are non-embossed type except for Citibank Ready Credit accounts. Bank Rakyat, Muamalat, OCBC Bank do not co-brand their cards except for ATM use only. Maybank has the largest capitalisation in Malaysia in June 2018.
Central Bank of Malaysia expects all debit cards issued in Malaysia to be co-branded with the local network 'MyDebit' latest by the year 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="6989119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989119" title="Fratres">
Fratres

 (meaning "brothers" in Latin) is a musical work by the Estonian composer Arvo Pärt exemplifying his tintinnabuli style of composition. It is three-part music, written in 1977, "without fixed instrumentation" and has been described as a "mesmerizing set of variations on a six-bar theme combining frantic activity and sublime stillness that encapsulates Pärt's observation that 'the instant and eternity are struggling within us'".
Structure.
Structurally, "Fratres" consists of a set of nine chord sequences, separated by a recurring percussion motif (the so-called "refuge"). The chord sequences themselves follow a pattern, and while the progressing chords explore a rich harmonic space, they have been generated by means of a simple formula.
"Fratres" is driven by three main voices. The low and high voice are each restricted to playing notes from the D harmonic minor scale (D, E, F, G, A, Bb, C#); the middle voice is restricted to the notes of the A minor triad (A, C, E). The entire piece is accompanied by drones in A and E, which are primarily heard in the refuge between each sequence.
The chords are created by the movement of the three voices: the low voice starts at C#; the high voice starts at E. Both the low and high voices are moved up or down the D harmonic minor scale at the same time, with the direction of the movement depending on the position within the sequence. The middle voice starts at A and plays a different pattern (A, E, E, C, C, C, C, A, A, E, E, C, C, A). The generated chords create harmonic ambiguity, since both C# and C are present, yielding an A major or A minor feel.
Versions.
Although often performed by violin and piano, versions for larger ensembles, such as a string quartet or chamber orchestra, are also common. Performances by early music specialists have also been endorsed.
Versions for ensembles include:
Versions for solo instrument and accompaniment:
In films.
The composition has been used for many films and documentaries. Notable usages include:
In other compositions.
Jazz pianist Aaron Parks incorporated elements of "Fratres" into his composition "Harvesting Dance," heard on his album "Invisible Cinema" and on Terence Blanchard's album "Flow".

</doc>
<doc id="6989120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989120" title="Full Metal Panic! Fumoffu">
Full Metal Panic! Fumoffu



</doc>
<doc id="6989122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989122" title="Jeronimus corneliszoon">
Jeronimus corneliszoon



</doc>
<doc id="6989123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989123" title="Full Metal Panic Fumoffu">
Full Metal Panic Fumoffu



</doc>
<doc id="6989133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989133" title="Esophageal plexus">
Esophageal plexus

The esophageal plexus (oesophageal plexus in British English) is formed by nerve fibers from two sources, branches of the vagus nerve, and visceral branches of the sympathetic trunk. The esophageal plexus and the cardiac plexus contain the same types of fibers and are both considered thoracic autonomic plexus.
Parasympathetic fibers.
The vagus nerve delivers two fiber types to the esophageal plexus:
These vagal fibers in the esophageal plexus reform to make the anterior vagal trunk (left vagus) and the posterior vagal trunk (right vagus). Anterior and posterior being terms in relation to the esophagus, a mnemonic for which is "LARP": Left becomes Anterior, Right becomes Posterior.
Sympathetic fibers.
The visceral branches of the sympathetic trunk also deliver two fiber types to the esophageal plexus:

</doc>
<doc id="6989134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989134" title="Hendre ddu">
Hendre ddu



</doc>
<doc id="6989135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989135" title="Full Metal Panic The Second Raid">
Full Metal Panic The Second Raid



</doc>
<doc id="6989139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989139" title="Operation Boxer">
Operation Boxer

Operation Boxer was an aerial offensive undertaken by the Israeli Air Force along the Suez Canal in July 1969. The first major IAF operation since the 1967 Six-Day War, the operation signaled a new phase in the War of Attrition.
Background.
Despite Israel's decisive victory in the 1967 Six-Day War, there were no diplomatic efforts in subsequent years to resolve the issues at the heart of the Arab-Israeli conflict. In September 1967 Arab states formulated the "Three Nos" policy, barring peace, recognition or negotiations with Israel, and believing that "what was taken by force, will not be restored except by force", President Nasser of Egypt soon resumed hostilities along the Suez Canal. These initially took the form of limited artillery duels and small scale incursions into the Sinai, but by 1969 the Egyptian Army was prepared for larger scaled operations. On March 8 Nasser proclaimed the official launch of the War of Attrition, characterized by large scale shelling along the Canal, accompanied by pin-point sniping and commando assaults. Fighting intensified as summer approached.
The Egyptian Army, superior in both manpower and artillery to the Israel Defense Forces, was better able to sustain a lengthy and costly static war. Israel, therefore, sought a demonstration of its aerial superiority to deter Egypt from a continuation of the war, and in early July 1969 the Israeli Air Force was instructed to prepare a large scale assault on Egyptian positions on the western bank of the canal. The resulting plan, codenamed operation "Boxer 1" envisioned a gradual attack beginning at the northern tip of the Canal, where defences were relatively weak, and rolling southwards.
Before operations against the Egyptian positions could begin, the IDF sought to disable the early warning radar and ELINT facilities on Green Island, a heavily fortified island located near the southern extremity of the Canal. Deemed a possible threat to Israeli aircraft operating in the region, the island was attacked by Israeli special forces on July 19 as part of Operation Bulmus 6, destroying its anti-aircraft defences and early-warning radar. Israeli Air Force 115 Squadron A-4 Skyhawks struck the island before the attack commenced, while a pair of 124 Squadron Bell 205s participated in the extraction of Israeli troops after their departure.
Battle.
Boxer 1.
"Boxer 1" commenced at 14:00 pm on Sunday, July 20, 1969, with a strike by a pair of 117 Squadron Mirages against an SA-2 battery west of Port Said. Once the two had disabled the battery's "Fan Song" acquisition radar, the rest of its installations were then destroyed by 109 Squadron Skyhawks. With Egyptian air defences thus weakened, Israeli Air Force squadrons proceeded to attack Egyptian positions throughout the sector. Attacking aircraft included additional Skyhawks from 109, 102 and 115 Squadrons, Dassault Super Mysteres from 105 Squadron, Dassault Mysteres from 116 Squadron, 113 Squadron Dassault Ouragans and 110 Squadron Sud-Ouest Vautours. By 17:00 pm, the IAF had undertaken 171 sorties and dropped some 200 tons of explosives.
Having caught Egypt by surprise, Israeli strikes went unchallenged by the Egyptian Air Force. As these were winding down, however, the EAF launched its own assault on Israeli strongholds along the eastern bank of the Canal. Sixty Egyptian aircraft took part in these strikes, carried out by MiG-17 and Su-7 strike aircraft escorted by MiG-21 fighters. Six 101 Squadron Mirages were therefore scrambled from Rephidim and another pair from Hazor. In the ensuing battles Giora Yoeli and Giora Epstein managed to down a MiG-17 each, while Yiftah Spector also shot down a MiG-21, although at the cost of two Mirages, with Eitan Ben-Eliyahu and Eli Zohar bailing out of their stricken aircraft. Another MiG-17 fell prey to a MIM-23 Hawk battery and a Su-7 to anti-aircraft artillery.
Boxer 2.
Satisfied with the results of "Boxer 1", the IAF decided to proceed with additional strikes. July 21 saw four 109 Squadron Skyhawks attack an Egyptian anti-aircraft battery near Qantarah in preparation for the next day of battle. "Boxer 2" took place on July 24 and was aimed at Egyptian positions along the central section of the canal. The day's fighting began with the destruction of a radar station at Gebel Ataka by two 119 Squadron Mirages. Subsequent strikes were directed primarily at Egyptian SAM sites and anti-aircraft artillery, with IAF strike aircraft carrying out 161 sorties throughout the day. These were in turn followed by an Egyptian assault against Israeli positions along the canal and Sinai coast. Israeli Mirages were once again directed towards the attacking aircraft and managed to down three: a Su-7 shared by Shmuel Gordon and Michael Zuk, another Su-7 shot down by Ran Goren, and a MiG-21 brought down by a Shafrir 2 missile fired by Shlomo Nevot. Two additional MiG-17s were claimed by a Hawk battery, and another Su-7 by a Bofors 40 mm cannon.
Subsequent Boxers.
"Boxer 3" took place on the next day, July 25, with IAF aircraft once again pounding Egyptian positions. A friendly-fire incident on that day saw a 101 Squadron Mirage damage a 119 Squadron jet, although the aircraft made it safely back to base. Strikes continued on July 26 with "Boxer 4" and July 27 with "Boxer 5", during which several 109 Squadron Skyhawks carried out a nighttime attack. The last operation of the series, "Boxer 6", took place on July 28, 1969, during which Israeli Mirages once again battled Egyptian MiG-21s, though no aircraft were lost on either side.
Aftermath.
The Israeli Air Force flew some 500 sorties during Operation Boxer, mauling Egyptian air defences and inflicting considerable damage on Egyptian fortifications and artillery along the Suez Canal. Egyptian losses were estimated at approximately 300 soldiers. Tactically successful, the Boxer offensive temporarily scaled down the fighting along the canal. In the long run, however, the Egyptian Army recovered from the losses it had suffered and fighting resumed with even greater intensity. Operation Boxer failed to deter Egypt from carrying on the War of Attrition. Having already lost face to Israeli air power during the 1967 war, the fighting of July 1969 was unlikely to cause a reversal of Egyptian intentions, and instead only served to escalate existing tensions along the frontier. This in turn would lead the IAF to become the IDF's "flying artillery", bridging the quantitative gap between Egyptian and Israeli forces, a role the IAF had previously been reluctant to play and one which would draw it even further into the fighting.

</doc>
<doc id="6989143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989143" title="Brush Shiels">
Brush Shiels

Brendan Francis "Brush" Shiels (born 24 October 1945, Phibsborough, Dublin, Ireland) is a musician best known for being the frontman of Gary Moore's first rock band, Skid Row. He had a show on RTÉ Television called "Off yer Brush" and was twice managed by boyband mentor Louis Walsh. He appears regularly, providing musical accompaniment, on the Joe Duffy "Liveline" radio programme on RTÉ and still performs live in Ireland.
Shiels played football for Bohemian Football Club in the 1960s. He has helped Bohemians by making appearances at fundraising events to try and ensure the survival of his former club.
In 1971, Billboard praised Shiels, Bridgeman, and Moore for their album "34 Hours" suggesting the "lads will travel far". Shiels has played at such American music venues as Fillmore West in San Francisco and Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles, and in 1986 he played at the Self Aid benefit concert for unemployed people in Ireland.
In October 2012, he suffered heart failure caused by a viral infection and was admitted to Connolly Hospital in Blanchardstown, Dublin for two weeks. In 2013, he was one of the legends from the Irish entertainment business to perform at the Philip Chevron testimonial.

</doc>
<doc id="6989149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989149" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lipa">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lipa

The Archdiocese of Lipa (; ; ) is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or archdiocese of the Catholic Church in the Philippines comprising the civil province of Batangas. Its cathedral is the Metropolitan Cathedral of St. Sebastian located in Lipa, Batangas. First created on April 10, 1910 from the Archdiocese of Manila, the diocese was elevated into its present status on June 20, 1972. Today, the Archdiocese of Lipa's ecclesiastical province covers Batangas and the suffragan territories in the civil provinces of Quezon, Marinduque, and Aurora. The archdiocese itself is divided into 14 vicariates forane further comprising a total of 65 parishes.
In addition, the Archdiocese of Lipa also serves as the de facto overseer of the Apostolic Vicariates of Calapan in Oriental Mindoro and San Jose in Occidental Mindoro, all the exempt dioceses of the Holy See (with the vicariates under the jurisdiction of the Dicastery for Evangelization).
History.
Creation as a diocese.
The Diocese of Lipa was created on April 10, 1910, separating it from that of Manila under the supervision of Pope Pius X and with Giuseppe Petrelli as its first bishop. The diocese then covered the provinces of Batangas, Laguna, Tayabas (now Quezon, Marinduque, and Aurora), and Mindoro (now Occidental Mindoro and Oriental Mindoro). There were initially very few priests for the large diocese.
Petrelli invited different Roman Catholic religious institutes to come to his diocese and help minister to the spiritual needs of the faithful. He also conceived the building of a seminary in the diocese. In June 1914 a diocesan seminary was built in Bauan, which was later transferred to San Pablo in Laguna. This initiative of the first bishop was continued by the next bishop, Alfredo Verzosa, the diocese's first Filipino bishop, who served a long term from 1916 to 1950. He invited priests from the Vincentian Fathers to help in the administration of the new seminary.
On July 2, 1936, Mindoro Island was separated and came under the jurisdiction of the Apostolic Prefecture of Mindoro, making it the first territorial re-organization of the archdiocese. On March 28, 1950, Lucena became a diocese of its own covering the southern portion of Quezon and Marinduque. About a month later on April 25, the Prelature of Infanta was created, comprising the remaining part of Quezon, including the Polillo Islands and what is now the province of Aurora.
In 1950, Rufino Santos took over the diocese. Described as a financial administrator of great acumen, Santos applied for bank loans to help construct some buildings. This way he continued the construction work of the Lipa Cathedral and built a major seminary beside it.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Pablo was separated on November 28, 1966, seated in the city of San Pablo and becoming a suffragan of Manila. This left the Diocese of Lipa covering only the province of Batangas.
Elevation into an archdiocese.
With the departure of Santos for the Archdiocese of Manila came a young bishop, Alejandro Ayson Olalia, who stayed with the diocese from 1953 to 1973. It was during his term that the Diocese of Lipa, on June 20, 1972, became the country's tenth archdiocese and ecclesiastical province by order of Pope Paul VI of the papal bull "Qui Sumi Nominis". This same order elevated Olalia to the rank of archbishop on August 15, 1972.
Olalia died in 1973 and was replaced by Bishop Ricardo Jamin Vidal who stayed with the diocese until 1981. During his incumbency Vidal organized the Pastoral Council, and initiated the construction of the Lipa Archdiocesan Formation Center.
Vidal was replaced in 1981 for Cebu's new prelate by his successor Bishop Mariano Garces Gaviola, who stayed with the diocese from 1981 to 1993. He was at the helm of the archdiocese as it celebrated its 75th anniversary and on March 19, 1993, the reins of the archdiocese were again transferred, this time to Bishop Gaudencio Borbon Rosales, a native of Batangas City. He was ordained priest in Lipa in 1958, then he became as Auxiliary Bishop of Manila in 1974, and then he serves as Bishop in the Diocese of Malaybalay in 1982, and on December 30, 1992 he was elected Archbishop of Lipa. Gaudencio Rosales founded the Aral Batangueño and the small giving foundation which is Pondong Batangan.
With the resignation of Cardinal Jaime Lachica Sin in 2003, Rosales was chosen by Pope John Paul II to be the Manila's new prelate, leaving the See of Lipa under the apostolic administration of its Auxiliary Bishop Jose Paala Salazar (d. May 30, 2004). On May 14, 2004, Pope John Paul II appointed Bishop Ramon Cabrera Arguelles of the Military Ordinariate of the Philippines, another native of Batangas City as the fifth Archbishop of Lipa.
In his 13 years in office, Arguelles canonically erected new parishes in Lipa City, Lemery, Taysan, Tanauan City and Batangas City and organized Marian events such as the annual Taal Lake Marian Regatta and National Days of Prayer in Lipa, both held every September. He is a strong opponent of the passage of RH Law, the operation of motorist lodges in the province, the possible mining activities in the municipality of Lobo, and the construction of a coal-fire power plant in Batangas City. He also led the establishment of a local election watchdog separate from the church-based PPCRV.
On April 10, 2010, the Archdiocese of Lipa celebrated the 100th anniversary of its elevation as a diocese by launching the coffee table book, "A Century of Faith: The Local Church of Lipa". The event was held at the historic Basilica of St. Martin of Tours in Taal, Batangas.
Pope Francis accepted the resignation of Arguelles on February 2, 2017, and then appointed Bishop Gilbert Armea Garcera, the Bishop of the Diocese of Daet in Camarines Norte as its sixth Archbishop and eighth Local Ordinary.
Coat of arms.
The cross and arrows are symbols of Saint Sebastian the Martyr, patron of the cathedral. The two white long-stemmed lilies are symbols of Saint Joseph, head of the Holy Family, to whom the faithful of the diocese are ardently devoted. The bottom of the shield shows the lake and volcano of Taal in Batangas.
Organization.
The archdiocese has jurisdiction over the Catholic faithful in the province of Batangas. The province's land area is and the population as of the 1994 census is 1,668,480 of which 99.5 per cent are Catholics. The archdiocese also has general supervision over the suffragan dioceses and territorial prelatures for the provinces of Quezon and Marinduque.
The archdiocese is divided into 14 vicariates, each headed by a vicar forane. Except for the parishes in the 4th district of Batangas (excluding Taysan) which are run by the Oblates of St. Joseph, all other parishes are run by the diocesan clergy. There are 64 parishes in all, served by 291 priests. 123 of them diocesan. There are 331 religious brothers and 491 religious sisters. There are 23 Catholic schools within the archdiocese, two high school seminaries, and three college seminaries. Two pastoral centers are being maintained.
Ordinaries.
Archbishops.
The seat of the archbishop is in the Metropolitan Cathedral of St. Sebastian. The archbishop also oversees the suffragan dioceses of Boac, Gumaca, Lucena, Prelature of Infanta, and also serves as de facto overseer of the apostolic vicariates of Calapan, and San Jose.
Vision.
On August 18, 1995 after much review, and meetings presided over by Archbishop Gaudencio Rosales himself, the archdiocese's vision was conceived:
A people of God called by the Father in Jesus Christ to be communities of totally developed human persons in the world, witnessing to the Kingdom of God by living the Paschal Mystery in the power of the Holy Spirit.

</doc>
<doc id="6989152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989152" title="Samuel Frost Haviland">
Samuel Frost Haviland

Samuel Frost Haviland (22 December 1798 – 13 December 1858) was a member of the United States Military and American diplomat.
Biography.
Haviland was born to John Downing Haviland (1769–1829) and Anna Wright Frost (1776–1851) in Peekskill, New York on 22 December 1798.
He was appointed 26 February 1820 to first lieutenant, 3rd artillery regiment, New York State. Shortly afterwards, he emigrated to Chile, arriving first at Valparaiso March 1822. In Chile, he is credited with having established the first bank in that country, and in March 1839 he was appointed US Consul General at Coquimbo. He played a notable early role in the history of Chilean copper &amp; silver exporting under private companies post-independence due to his commercial connections.
Personal life and family.
Haviland married Maria Feliza Ossandón e Irriberren (20 November 1803 – 26 February 1893), a native Chiilean, at Puerto de Huasco on 19 August 1825. Maria's sister, Paula, was married to Haviland's uncle Daniel, who had originally brought him to Chile. They had 11 children together. By 1902, only 3 were still living.

</doc>
<doc id="6989153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989153" title="Gustave Strauven">
Gustave Strauven

Gustave Strauven (23 June 1878 – 19 March 1919) was a Belgian architect associated with the Art Nouveau movement. Active primarily in Brussels, he designed over 30 buildings characterized by their dynamic forms, elaborate ornamentation, and innovative use of materials. Strauven was known for incorporating intricate wrought ironwork featuring floral and organic motifs, and for embracing emerging construction technologies of his time. Despite his short life, his work remains a distinctive contribution to Belgium's architectural heritage. 
Biography.
Gustave Strauven was born in Schaerbeek, Brussels, on 23 June 1878, the son of Arnold Strauven, a gardener from Limburg, Belgium, and Catherine Backaert. He began his career when he was 18 years old, as an assistant designer working with Victor Horta, helping him with the Hôtel van Eetvelde and the Maison du Peuple/Volkshuis in Brussels. Two years later, he spent one year in Zurich as a draftsman in an architectural office. He then returned to Brussels, where he became a prominent architect in the Art Nouveau movement.
Mobilised during World War I, Strauven died of his injuries on 19 March 1919 in a hospital in Haute-Savoie, France. He was only forty years old. All his work was completed in less than twenty years.
Saint-Cyr House.
The Saint-Cyr House is Strauven's most important building, built between 1901 and 1903 in a flamboyant Art Nouveau style. It was built to serve as a private residence for the painter and decorator . The house is situated at 11, / in the Squares Quarter (eastern part of the City of Brussels). It is only wide, but was given extraordinary height through Strauven's elaborate architectural inventions.
The façade is entirely covered by polychrome bricks and has a large amount of wrought iron, which is adorned with geometric motifs and ornate balustrades at each floor. The wrought iron mimics vegetation and the decorative elements occupy all the space available. Due to its extravagance, the building has been called "Art Nouveau-Baroque". The interior is characterised by different styles, varying according to the rooms.
The house had been in a poor state of repair, but as of March 2013, has been restored to its former splendour by the architect Francis Metzger, from the architectural office MA² - Metzger et Associés Architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="6989156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989156" title="Shachar Pe'er">
Shachar Pe'er



</doc>
<doc id="6989158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989158" title="Shachar peer">
Shachar peer



</doc>
<doc id="6989165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989165" title="Johnson's Motor Car">
Johnson's Motor Car



</doc>
<doc id="6989170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989170" title="Anterior gastric plexus">
Anterior gastric plexus



</doc>
<doc id="6989171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989171" title="Solar Alpha Rotary Joint">
Solar Alpha Rotary Joint



</doc>
<doc id="6989173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989173" title="Delta expo">
Delta expo



</doc>
<doc id="6989175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989175" title="Ray Coulthard">
Ray Coulthard

Raymond Anthony Coulthard (born 3 September 1968) is a British actor. He is best known for portraying Alasdair Sinclair in "Emmerdale" and restaurant manager James Schofield in "Hotel Babylon".
Career.
Coulthard's television appearances include several costume dramas. He played Frank Churchill in the 1996 television adaptation of Jane Austen's novel "Emma", Mr Glascock in the 2004 adaptation of "He Knew He Was Right", and Miles Edgerton in "Mr. Selfridge". In 2005, he appeared in the first series of "Extras". He also appeared in the second series of "Love Soup", and played Matt Strong in the TV series "Casualty" during 2010.
Coulthard's film roles include "The English Patient", "The Best Man", and "The Muppet Christmas Carol" (in which he played a young Ebenezer Scrooge). He also voiced one of the main characters in the BBC Radio 4 Extra sitcom "The Brothers".
Coulthard has acted in many stage productions, especially Shakespeare plays, including work for the Royal National Theatre and the Donmar Warehouse. From 2011 to 2012, he played Duke Vincentio in "Measure for Measure" and Bishop Santa Cruz in Helen Edmundson's play "The Heresy of Love" for the Royal Shakespeare Company. He portrayed Lord Egerton in the second series of "Mr Selfridge".
In spring 2015, he starred as King George VI alongside Jason Donovan as Lionel Logue in the Chichester Festival Theatre and Birmingham Repertory Theatre production of "The King's Speech" before touring the UK.
In January 2017 he returned to the Birmingham Repertory Theatre to star in the French comedy "What's in a Name?" alongside Nigel Harman, Sarah Hadland, Jamie Glover and Olivia Poulet.

</doc>
<doc id="6989181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989181" title="Sveavägen">
Sveavägen

Sveavägen is a major street in Stockholm, Sweden. 
Sveavägen originates at Sergels torg in the city district of Norrmalm, and goes north through the Vasastan district toward the border to Solna Municipality and the Haga Park. It is often known as the busiest road in Sweden. 
Sveavägen follows a straight line from Sergels torg up to Sveaplan and Wenner-Gren Center where it takes a sharp left turn until the junction at Norrtull where it becomes Norra Stationsgatan. 
Between Rådmansgatan and Hötorget stations, the Green line of the Stockholm metro runs underneath Sveavägen. Both stations have access from the street.
History.
Prime Minister Olof Palme was assassinated on 28 February 1986 at the corner Sveavägen and Tunnelgatan.
Notable buildings.
Notable buildings located on Sveavägen include:

</doc>
<doc id="6989182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989182" title="Posterior gastric plexus">
Posterior gastric plexus



</doc>
<doc id="6989187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989187" title="Delta Expo">
Delta Expo



</doc>
<doc id="6989197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989197" title="Jackson Stewart">
Jackson Stewart

Jackson Stewart may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="6989199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989199" title="Hepatic branches">
Hepatic branches



</doc>
<doc id="6989200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989200" title="St Fintan's, Mountrath GAA">
St Fintan's, Mountrath GAA

St Fintan's, Mountrath is a hurling and Gaelic football club in Mountrath, County Laois, Ireland. They play at St Fintan's GAA Grounds.
The club colours are red and white.
History.
The club is a senior hurling club and won its only Laois Senior Hurling Championship in 1942.
Mountrath has also won the Laois Intermediate Hurling Championship five times (1941, 1949, 1990, 1996 and 2001) and the Laois Junior Hurling Championship four times (1940, 1960, 1975 and 1989). Also in 1940, Mountrath won the Laois Minor Hurling Championship for the only time in its history.
Gaelic football is very much a secondary sport in the club but the club has one Laois Junior Football Championships to its credit, won in 1939. In 1996, St Fintan's also won the Laois Junior B Football Championship.
Achievements.
Hyland

</doc>
<doc id="6989201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989201" title="Celiac branches">
Celiac branches



</doc>
<doc id="6989215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989215" title="Humpback catshark">
Humpback catshark

The humpback cat shark (Apristurus gibbosus) is a shark of the family Pentanchidae, the deepwater catsharks, in the order Carcharhiniformes, found in the northwest Pacific Ocean off Zhujiang, South China Sea, from the surface to 915 m. Its length is 39–41 cm. The largest specimen examined by Nakaya and Sato was 54.2 cm TL. The humpback catshark is a little-known oviparous deepwater catshark.

</doc>
<doc id="6989220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989220" title="Clifford-Constable baronets">
Clifford-Constable baronets

The Clifford-Constable Baronetcy, of Tixall in the County of Staffordshire was given to Thomas Hugh Clifford-Constable, originally Thomas Hugh Constable Clifford. The title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom was created on 22 May 1815 and at the request of Louis XVIII of France.
His father Thomas Clifford (1732–1787), who married Barbara Aston of Tixall Hall, was a son of Hugh Clifford, 3rd Baron Clifford of Chudleigh and younger brother of the 4th Baron Clifford of Chudleigh. He changed his name to Clifford-Constable, in 1821. His son the 2nd Baronet inherited Burton Constable Hall from a cousin at the age of seventeen in 1823. Following marriage he sold Tixall Hall and moved the family seat to Burton Constable. He was MP for Hedon for 1830–1832 and High Sheriff of Yorkshire for 1840–1841.
The baronetcy became extinct on the death of the 3rd Baronet on 24 October 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="6989232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989232" title="Apristurus gibbosus">
Apristurus gibbosus



</doc>
<doc id="6989236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989236" title="Gravelines Sportica">
Gravelines Sportica

Gravelines Sportica was an indoor sporting arena located in Gravelines, France. The capacity of the arena is 3,500 people. It is home to the Basket Club Maritime Gravelines Dunkerque Grand Littoral basketball team. The arena was destroyed by fire on December 24, 2023.
Complex structure.
The establishment covered 25,000 m2 and offered different services within the same site.
The Sportica complex was above all known for its basketball hall, with a capacity of 2,500 seated places and 3,000 including those standing, since it hosted the Basketball Club Maritime Gravelines Dunkerque Grand Littoral (BCM), a professional team of Jeep Elite. Expansion projects to offer more seats were also being considered.
In previous seasons, a few hundred “standing” places were sold, bringing the capacity of the room to 3,500 people, and bringing attendance beyond 100% (107% in 2001-2002, 105% in 2004-2005).
2023 fire and destruction of sports complex.
The complex was destroyed by an accidental fire on December 24, 2023. The fire reportedly started from an electrical incident near the swimming pool's slide, before reaching the basketball hall. The basketball hall and BCM's facilities were destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="6989238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989238" title="Philantropist">
Philantropist



</doc>
<doc id="6989244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989244" title="La Meilleraie">
La Meilleraie

La Meilleraie () is an indoor sporting arena located in the city of Cholet, Maine-et-Loire, France. The arena is part of a larger expo and events center called Le Parc des Expositions de la Meilleraie, which is divided into several sections. The sports arena constitutes the "Red Zone" of the complex.
The capacity of the arena is 5,191 people. It is currently home to the Cholet Basket basketball team. The building opened in 1987 and was renovated in 2009 at a cost of €250,000.

</doc>
<doc id="6989247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989247" title="Halle André Vacheresse">
Halle André Vacheresse

Halle André Vacheresse is an indoor sporting arena located in Roanne, France. The capacity of the arena is 5,020 people, and is currently home to the Chorale Roanne Basket basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="6989250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989250" title="Stockwood Park Museum">
Stockwood Park Museum



</doc>
<doc id="6989254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989254" title="How Deep Is Your Love (Dru Hill song)">
How Deep Is Your Love (Dru Hill song)

"How Deep Is Your Love" is an R&amp;B single by group Dru Hill. It is the first single from the group's second album, "Enter the Dru". The song was released on September 22, 1998. It spent three weeks at number-one on the US R&amp;B chart, and peaked at number three on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart. The song, in its single version with rapper Redman, was also used in the end credits and is featured on the soundtrack to the 1998 film "Rush Hour". To date, this is Dru Hill's highest-charting hit.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Brett Ratner and was shot on top of Hopewell Centre in Wan Chai, Hong Kong and features clips from "Rush Hour". Redman's verse is cut from both the group's album and the video version as he does not appear in the video.
Track listing.
US 12" single
"Side A"
"Side B"

</doc>
<doc id="6989256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989256" title="Espace 3000">
Espace 3000

Espace 3000 is an indoor sporting arena located in Hyères, France. The capacity of the arena is 2,500 people. It is currently home to the Hyères-Toulon Var Basket basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="6989257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989257" title="Ghostwood">
Ghostwood

Ghostwood is a 2006 supernatural thriller film directed by Justin O'Brien and produced by Ned Dowd. Executive Producers were Mairead Killian, Tom Higgins, John Slazenger and Noel Lourdes.
Plot.
Driven to investigate the unexplained disappearance of his father, New York psychologist Ed Hunter (Alan Devine) travels to a remote village in the west of Ireland and finds a community that has been living in fear for centuries.
He meets a mysterious girl (Louise Osbourne) who tells him that his father had been searching for the spirits of a mother and child who were buried alive in the nearby forest over 1000 years ago because his ancestors had killed them. His father wanted to pay the debt and asked his friend, the local parish priest (Patrick Bergin) who holds all the answers, but he soon finds that the priest has locked himself in his church for fear of his life. Later, the priest tells Ed that his father had taken a skull from the place where the mother and child were buried alive and that the spirits want it back. Ed decides to return it with the help of priest. When he enter the chambers to place the skull back, he finds a dead body of the real priest and realizes the man posing as priest is his real father. He realizes that his father has trapped him in the chambers alive just like the mother and son to pay the debt. Later, his dad is also killed by the spirits. Last scene shows that Ed's girlfriend is pregnant and spirit is watching over.

</doc>
<doc id="6989261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989261" title="Dan Mathews">
Dan Mathews

 
Dan Mathews (born October 24, 1964) is the senior vice president of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. He is known for creating PETA's most newsworthy campaigns, including the "I'd Rather Go Naked Than Wear Fur" ads, as well as campaigns involving celebrities such as Alec Baldwin, Pamela Anderson, Pink, and Paul McCartney. He has been profiled by the NY Times, USA Today, and Wall St. Journal and has lectured on animal rights and veganism at Harvard, Princeton, Columbia, Oxford and Cambridge.
Mathews is best known for heading PETA's successful fashion campaigns, having persuaded designers like Michael Kors and Calvin Klein to stop using fur, and working with Tim Gunn to promote animal-free materials at Fashion Week events and through programs at the Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA). In 2020, Mathews convinced Tommy Hilfiger to ban exotic animal skins after reports showed that the wild animal trade posed risks to spawning zoonotic diseases like COVID-19.
In 2000, Mathews was named by gay lifestyle magazine "Genre" as one of the most influential people of the new millennium, and in 2007, Mathews was ranked 37th in "Out" magazine's "50 Most Powerful Gay Men and Women in America".
Mathews has written two acclaimed memoirs published by Atria/Simon &amp; Schuster. "Committed: A Rabble-Rouser's Memoir" was published in the US and Australia in 2007, and in the UK, Italy, Germany and France over the following decade. "Committed is a bold, offbeat globe-trotting memoir that shows how the most ridiculed punching bag in high school became an internationally renowned crusader for the most downtrodden individuals of all - animals". "Like Crazy: Life with my Mother and her Invisible Friends" was published in 2020. In this book, Mathews writes about caring for his clever, schizophrenic mother in her last years. In a starred review, Publishers Weekly wrote "Mathews conveys potentially heavy and gut-wrenching family crises with page-turning style and heaps of wit." In 2021, Jeopardy host and neurologist Mayim Bialik featured Mathews on her mental health podcast Bialik's Breakdown to launch the paperback edition of "Like Crazy".

</doc>
<doc id="6989263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989263" title="Palais des Sports de Dijon">
Palais des Sports de Dijon

Palais des Sports de Dijon (also known as Palais des Sports Jean-Michel Geoffroy) is an indoor sporting arena that is located in Dijon, France. The arena has a seating capacity of 5,000 for basketball games.
History.
The arena was one of the venues of the 1999 FIBA EuroBasket. It has also been used as the home venue of the Jeanne d'Arc Dijon Bourgogne professional basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="6989272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989272" title="Salle des Sports Amédée-Mercier">
Salle des Sports Amédée-Mercier



</doc>
<doc id="6989273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989273" title="Remi Schrijnen">
Remi Schrijnen



</doc>
<doc id="6989276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989276" title="Non-profit agency">
Non-profit agency



</doc>
<doc id="6989277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989277" title="Robert Prytz">
Robert Prytz

Robert Klas-Göran Prytz (born 12 January 1960) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder from the late 1970s until the early 2000s. He earned 56 caps for the Sweden national team and is best known for his time at Hellas Verona, Malmö FF and Rangers.
He was the 1986 recipient of Guldbollen as Sweden's best footballer of the year.
Career.
Robert Klas-Göran Prytz was born 1960 in Malmö and grew up with four brothers and three sisters in a working-class neighbourhood called Kirseberg.
He started playing for his local team Kirsebergs IF before moving up to Malmö FF as a 16-year old.
Under the successful English manager Bob Houghton Prytz flourished and although it was because of injuries he got the chance of a lifetime when he in 1979 as a 19 year old played in the European Cup Final vs Nottingham Forest in Munich.
A game that Nottingham won 1-0.
The year after he made his international debut for Sweden.
In 1982 Robert spent 3 months at Stoke City and was meant to sign for them, but work permit rules meant that the move didn't happen.
Back home he got a call from an agent saying that there was another team in the UK interested in him: Glasgow Rangers. 
Robert Prytz was only the second Swedish player for Rangers after Örjan Persson that played in the club 1967-70.
In his first season in Scotland: 1982-83 
Robert Prytz scored his first goal for the club vs Clydebank away in the League Cup in August, with Rangers winning 4-1.
He also made a good impact in his league debut away vs Motherwell scoring in a 2-2 draw. Prytz scored the 2-1 winner away to Aberdeen 3 weeks later and he scored a spectacular goal away to Celtic in October, a corner kick that went straight in goal.
His first season at Rangers saw him play 48 games (30 in the league) scoring 7 times (5 in the league) 
Rangers finishing only 4th in the league witch saw Dundee United winning.
Rangers did reach both the Scottish Cup and League Cup finals but lost them both.
The 1983-84 season started the same way as the previous with Prytz scoring on the opening day of the season, 
a penalty earning a 1-1 draw at home against St Mirren. But after a terrible start to the season with Rangers losing 7 of the following 10 games manager John Greig was replaced by legendary manager Jock Wallace. Rangers did lose the following game but then went on a 22 match unbeaten run, 
but Rangers eventually finished 4th yet again. Aberdeen led by a former Rangers player called Alex Ferguson winning the league. Rangers did however win 2 trophies that season 
beating Celtic both in the Glasgow Cup final 1-0 
as well as winning a thrilling League Cup final 
3-2 after extra time, with Ally McCoist scoring a hattrick.
Robert Prytz's appearances for the season was 42 games (26 in the league) scoring 9 goals (4 in the league).
The season 1984-85 finished almost identically as the previous season with Aberdeen winning the league and Rangers finishing 4th. Rangers won both the League Cup and Glasgow Cup the second season in a row.
Prytz made 28 appearances (21 in the league) scoring 4 goals (3 in the league).
His Rangers career saw him play 118 games (72 in the league) scoring 20 goals (12 in the league) in 3 seasons.
It became obvious though that Prytz's technical style of playing the ball on the ground didn't always fit the style that British clubs played at that time and it was time to move on.
He joined IFK Gothenburg for a brief spell in the summer and then moved on to Young Boys in Switzerland where he became an instant success, winning the league that year.
Robert Prytz also represented 
Bayer Uerdingen, Atalanta, Hellas Verona, Malmö FF and Young Boys again before 1996 moving back "home" to Scotland
He did keep his house in Glasgow the whole time since he met and married the Scottish Joyce, and had 2 daughters.
Prytz continued playing for various Scottish clubs for another 5 seasons,
including Kilmarnock, Dumbarton, Cowdenbeath, East Fife, Pollok and Hamilton Accies before hanging up his boots in 2001.
After living in Glasgow for 26 years a divorce and the ability to be closer to his aging mother Prytz moved back to Sweden in 2008, and he did get to spend two years with his mother before she died. He now lives and works in Malmö, all his earnings as a professional football player went to securing the future for his ex-wife and now adult daughters.
During his career Robert Prytz won 2 league titles with Young Boys and Malmö FF.
He also won the Swedish Cup with Malmö FF, the Swiss Cup with Young Boys and of course 2 League Cups and 2 Glasgow Cups with Rangers FC.
He also won the Guldbollen = player of the year award in Sweden in 1986.
He was capped 56 times for Sweden, scoring 13 goals.
He still continues to play football on a more modest level, playing in friendlies for a team consisting of celebrities and former players.
Honours.
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6989278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989278" title="Macedonia, Greece">
Macedonia, Greece



</doc>
<doc id="6989283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989283" title="Complexe Sportif René Tys">
Complexe Sportif René Tys

Complexe Sportif René Tys is an indoor sporting arena located in Reims, France. The capacity of the arena is 3,000 people. It is currently home to the Reims Champagne Basket basketball team.
Sport.
The complex is home to the Champagne Basket basketball team, which plays in the Pro B league, and Reims Basket Féminin, which plays in the Ligue 2 women's league.
Since 2017, it has been home to Chaumont Volley-ball 52 Haute-Marne's Champions League volleyball matches, as their original venue was unsuitable.

</doc>
<doc id="6989285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989285" title="Asbjorn Halvorsen">
Asbjorn Halvorsen



</doc>
<doc id="6989286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989286" title="Nonprofit agency">
Nonprofit agency



</doc>
<doc id="6989287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989287" title="Egle">
Egle

Egle or EGLE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6989288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989288" title="Godwin Samararatne">
Godwin Samararatne

Acharya Godwin Samararatne (6 September 1932 – 22 March 2000) was one of the best known lay meditation teachers in Sri Lanka in recent times. During his teaching career he was based at his Meditation Centre at Nilambe in the central hill country near Kandy. After his death in March 2000 letters and tributes poured in as many people around the world attested to the impact that Godwin and his teaching had made on their lives.
Life and teaching.
Godwin Samararatne was born on 6 September 1932 in Kandy, Sri Lanka. His father was the chief clerk of a tea estate at Hantane in the hills above Kandy and his mother was a simple up-country housewife. He had three brothers and four sisters. A younger sister died prematurely and an older brother died in a car accident on the day of his wedding. His three surviving sisters were Dorothy, Matilde and Lakshmi. Godwin was the youngest of the two surviving brothers, Felix and Hector.
Godwin attended the Dharmaraja College in Kandy, where his best friend was Siri Gunawardana who later ordained as Venerable Sivali and became a well-known and respected meditation teacher at the Kanduboda International Vipassana Meditation Center. He was an able student and after finishing his education got a job at the Kegalle Public Library in 1956. Later Godwin became Chief Librarian in the D.S. Senanayaka Library in Kandy where he worked until his early retirement in 1979.
Godwin was an active collaborator with the reincarnation researcher Ian Stevenson, and worked with him whenever he visited Sri Lanka from the mid-1960s until Stevenson ended his research in the country in 1988 During that time he co-authored a number of articles with Stevenson on the subject on rebirth and he also visited Stevenson in Virginia, United States in 1977 to help with his studies.
In about 1977 Godwin started helping Dr. L. Rodrigo who worked in the Psychiatric Ward of the Kandy General Hospital. This was the beginning of a long career in counselling and therapeutic work that Godwin was to undertake at various centres, clinics and hospitals around the Kandy area., and that continued until his death.
In early 1979 a prosperous Kandy businessman, Mr. Alahakoon announced that he would donate some land from his tea-estate for the establishment of a meditation centre and pay for the construction of some buildings. This became the foundation of the Nilambe Meditation Centre. Godwin left his job as Librarian in Kandy, at first to be the caretaker at the new Center but later he became the resident teacher.
At the beginning meditation retreats were mainly conducted by Ven S. Dhammika, and others including Ven. Yogavacara Rahula and Joseph Goldstein; but over time Godwin became the resident teacher at the centre, and became accepted as the Centre's main teacher.
During the 1980s Godwin started receiving and accepting invitations for teaching tours that were being organised for him in Switzerland, Germany, U.K., South Africa, Zimbabwe and Botswana; and later in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore.
This touring only increased during the 1990s, and Godwin gave many teachings throughout Europe, Asia and Africa right until the time of his death shortly after returning from a tour of South Africa. He taught meditation not only to Theravada Buddhists but to all sorts of groups, including Christian priests and pastors, and Chinese Mahayana Buddhists.
The personal testimonies that poured in after his death and in publications since then attest to the profound influence Godwin had on people from all walks of life; and the centres he set up in Nilambe and Lewella in Sri Lanka are still flourishing till this day.
After he died two of his friends started collecting transcripts and recordings from all over the world, and this material now makes up a large website, which has formed the basis for numerous books, articles and other publications over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="6989291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989291" title="Friend of Mine (Kelly Price song)">
Friend of Mine (Kelly Price song)

"Friend of Mine" is a song recorded by singer Kelly Price. It spent five weeks at number 1 on the U.S. R&amp;B chart and was awarded a Soul Train Music Award for Best R&amp;B/Soul or Rap New Artist.
In the song, Price details how her lover was stolen by her best friend.
The song became a pop hit in 1998, peaking at number 12 on the U.S. Pop chart. A remix was made of the song featuring R. Kelly and Ronald Isley.
Remix Music video.
The music video for the remix is directed by Hype Williams.
The video opens with Biggs (Ronald Isley) returning to his goddaughter Kelly. In tears, Kelly says she just discovered that her best friend had been sleeping with her husband (R. Kelly). Outraged to hear this, Biggs tells Kelly to call up her ex so he can talk to him. Kelly reluctantly does so and the song ends with Biggs scolding her ex for what he did while Kelly says she doesn't want him anymore.

</doc>
<doc id="6989292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989292" title="Dock Océane">
Dock Océane

Dock Océane is an indoor sporting arena located in Le Havre, France. The capacity of the arena is 3,598 people. It is currently home to the Saint Thomas Basket Le Havre basketball team. It is located near Havre AC's Stade Océane.
Sport.
Dock Océane is home to Le Havre's two basketball clubs, STB Le Havre and HAC Handball.
Basketball.
STB Le Havre has been playing at Docks Océane since the venue opened in 2000.
Handball.
HAC Handball plays its major French championship and European cup matches at Docks Océane.

</doc>
<doc id="6989296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989296" title="1927 Nova Scotia hurricane">
1927 Nova Scotia hurricane

The 1927 Nova Scotia hurricane (also known as the 1927 Great August Gale or the Great Gale of August 24) was the deadliest tropical cyclone striking Canada in the 20th century. The first observed storm of the season, this cyclone developed from a tropical wave over the deep tropics of the Atlantic Ocean on August 18. Initially a tropical storm, it moved west-northwestward and intensified into a Category 1 hurricane on the modern day Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale by August 19. The storm intensified significantly over the next few days, and by August 22, it peaked as a Category 3 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 125 mph (205 km/h). Around that time, the system began curving northwestward and later northward. By August 23, it turned to the north-northeast and then began weakening on August 24. Thereafter, the storm accelerated toward Atlantic Canada. Late on August 24, the hurricane struck near Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, as a Category 2 hurricane, just before becoming extratropical.
In New England, rainfall caused minor street flooding, especially in central Massachusetts and Maine, where of precipitation fell in the city of Portland. Of the 173–192 fatalities in Canada, most of them occurred due to damaged or missing ships, with two boats losing their entire crew. On land, Nova Scotia was impacted most significantly. Heavy rainfall washed out 20–25 percent of the rail lines, which disrupted rail service. Flooding also damaged numerous roads and swept away bridges, making traveling difficult. Crop damage from the hurricane was severe as the storm destroyed about half of the fruit, vegetable, and hay harvest, leaving a loss of $1 million (1927 USD). Property damage in the province was in the thousands of dollars range. There were many electrical and telephone service outages. The storm's rains and winds caused similar but less severe damage in the provinces of New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island, and Newfoundland. Overall, the hurricane caused just under $1.6 million in damage.
Meteorological history.
The Atlantic hurricane database indicates that a tropical wave became a tropical storm about east of the southernmost islands of Cabo Verde at 12:00 UTC on August 18. Moving west-northwestward, it intensified into a Category 1 hurricane on the modern day Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale by August 19. The storm deepened significantly over the next few days, becoming a Category 2 late on August 20 and reaching Category 3 at 06:00 UTC on August 21. The cyclone peaked as a Category 3 hurricane with sustained winds of 125 mph (205 km/h) and a minimum pressure of around 06:00 UTC on August 22. The latter was observed by the "S.S. Maraval", while the former was estimated using the pressure-wind relationship. Around that time, the system began curving northwestward and later northward. By August 23, it turned to the north-northeast and then began weakening on August 24, falling to Category 2 intensity by 12:00 UTC.
Thereafter, the storm accelerated toward Atlantic Canada. Around 18:00 UTC on August 24, the hurricane made its closest approach to the United States, passing about 60 mi (100 km) southeast of Nantucket island in Massachusetts. About five hours later, the system struck near Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, as a Category 2 hurricane with winds of 105 mph (165 km/h). Based on distribution of rainfall over Nova Scotia, the storm was believed to have made landfall as a tropical cyclone. By 00:00 UTC on August 25, the hurricane transitioned into an extratropical cyclone. The remnants moved quickly east-northeastward, striking Newfoundland and later Iceland, before dissipating near Jan Mayen on August 29.
Preparations and impact.
Shipping ahead of the hurricane received repeated warnings broadcast by both American and Canadian weather officials. Small craft warnings and a hurricane warning for New York City were also issued. However, the majority of fishing vessels in Atlantic Canada in this period did not have radios, leaving the large fishing fleet on the offshore banks unaware of the approaching disaster.
Because of the fast forward speed of the hurricane, the damage was minimal in New England. However, the hurricane was devastating in Atlantic Canada as the storm caused tremendous damage and 173-192 fatalities, most of which were at sea. The hurricane was the deadliest tropical cyclone (or remnants) in Canada at least since a hurricane in 1900.
New England.
Rainfall from the hurricane caused flooding portions of New England, especially Maine and Massachusetts. In the latter, up to of precipitation was recorded in Lawrence, a daily record for the city. Dirt roads were washed out, forcing evacuations, while a stone wall collapsed. Damage reached the thousands of dollars range. In nearby Shawsheen Village, a pond overflowed, inundating yards and streets. Rainfall from the hurricane contributed to causing the Taunton River to reach its then-highest known crest at some locations, forcing floodgates to be opened. Route 24 was inundated with over of water, while several other roads were also flooded. Street cars stalled or were delayed as long as 45 minutes. About a half-dozen locations along the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad from Brockton to Middleborough were inundated with between of water, resulting in a difficult passage of trains over the low-lying grades. In Maine, precipitation up to 2 in (50.8 mm) was reported across the state, causing isolated street flooding. In Eastport, a weather station reported a low pressure of . Offshore, the hurricane damaged a fishing ship, leaving one dead and three injured.
Atlantic Canada.
Nova Scotia received heavy rainfall up to 4 in (102 mm) and gale-force winds. The hardest hit area was Harbourville and adjacent settlements along the "Bay Shore" coastline of the Bay of Fundy. There the hurricane completely destroyed a gravel road which had been built shortly before the storm's impact. Another road connecting to a hotel was also severely damaged. Heavy rainfall brought by the hurricane caused landslides and flooding along the Harbourville Mountain which washed out numerous roads. In the Annapolis Valley, the rainfall fell so quickly that drainage ditches and small creeks overflowed. In Lakeville, flooding washed away a bridge, and fallen trees and other storm debris littered the streets and roads. The Cornwallis River overflowed its banks, causing serious flash flooding. Near Harrington's Crossing, a small creek overflowed its banks, stalling numerous automobiles. Roads were extensively impacted in Digby, Wolfville, Yarmouth, and Annapolis County, which suffered $150,000 in damage to streets alone. Overall, there was about $500,000 in damage to roads in Nova Scotia.
In Halifax, wind gusts of were observed, damaging a grain elevator. Heavy rainfall washed out the railroad lines between Halifax and Yarmouth. A power plant in Pictou County suffered $500 in damage after the roof blew off. In Springhill, strong winds downed trees, fences, and houses. A warehouse in Sydney was destroyed after being tossed about by the wind. Throughout Nova Scotia, flooding washed out 20–25 percent of the rail lines across Nova Scotia, disrupting rail service. Flooding also damaged numerous roads and swept away bridges making traveling difficult. Crop damage from the hurricane was severe as the storm destroyed 50 percent of the fruit, vegetable, and hay harvest, leaving a loss of $1 million. Other parts of Nova Scotia received similar damage. Overall, property damage in the province was in the thousands of dollars range and there were many electrical and telephone service outages.
Wind gusts in Newfoundland as strong as at the Corner Brook subdivision of Curling caused about $500 in damage to circus tents and associated equipment. In New Brunswick, precipitation peaked at in Saint John. A car tumbled into washed out culvert in Horseman's Hill, injuring three people. Several bridges and culvert were destroyed in Springhill. A dam broke near University of St. Joseph's College, severely flooding the campus and demolishing the gymnasium. Throughout the province, streets, bridges, gardens, and crops, particularly hay and grain, were damaged, while railroad lines were destroyed. Power outages and loss of telephone services were common. Damage in New Brunswick totaled at least $51,000. In Prince Edward Island, of rain fell in Charlottetown and winds of 30 mph (45 km/h) were observed. The city was littered with debris. Generally minor street flooding occurred. Fruit trees and crops suffered extensive damage. At the exhibition grounds, buildings and fences received about $1,000 in damage.
Offshore, seventy-five fishing boats of the Lunenburg fishing fleet were reported missing in the Grand Banks. Of the seventy-five, four vessels were reported as total losses. The "Joyce Smith" and "Clayton Walters" were the first two fishing vessels to fall victim to the hurricane. The "Joyce Smith" was carrying 22 men (mostly from Newfoundland) and it and the "Walters" were fishing off the coast of Sable Island at the time of the hurricane. The last sighting of the two fishing boats was from the crew of the "Marshall Frank" off Sable Island. Newspaper reports suggested that both fishing boats did not survive the storm and all 43 crewmen perished at sea. The "Mahala", another fishing schooner, was also listed among the ships missing after the hurricane. A search in the area where the ship was reported missing turned up nothing and it was assumed that the ship sank along with its eighteen fishermen. The fourth fishing boat to be reported missing was the "Uda R. Corkum", which was carrying a crew of 21 men and 1800 quintals of fish. In all, the loss from all four vessels totaled up to 80 and monetary losses from all four ships totaled over $100,000. Four more fishing boats also sank, taking 33 lives. In addition to the Canadian fishing boats, the famous U.S. racing and fishing schooner "Columbia". carrying 22 crew men (many from Nova Scotia) sank during the storm off the coast of Sable Island. There were no survivors.
The Nova Scotia hurricane of 1927 followed another tragic August storm the previous year and together they became known as "The August Gales", remembered for generations as one of the worst tragedies in the fisheries of Maritime Canada. The severe shipping losses, especially among banks fishing schooners, accelerated a move to outfit Canadian schooners with motors and radios. Today, the hurricane is commemorated in a waterfront monument and an exhibit at the Fisheries Museum of the Atlantic in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="6989300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989300" title="Salle Marcel Cerdan">
Salle Marcel Cerdan

Salle Marcel Cerdan was an indoor sporting arena located in Brest, France. The arena opened in 1950. It had a capacity 2,000 people and was home to the former Étendard de Brest basketball team. The ("hall", i.e., sports hall) was named after Marcel Cerdan, a French boxer. 
As of September 2020, the site was to be demolished, and a residential area was to be built on the 1.3 hectare plot.

</doc>
<doc id="6989303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989303" title="John Elmes Beale">
John Elmes Beale

John Elmes Beale (6 December 1847 – 1 July 1928) was an English politician and merchant. He was Mayor of Bournemouth in 1902, 1903 and 1904. He founded Beales, Bournemouth's largest department store.
Born in Hartford Terrace, Melcombe Regis, Dorset, England, Beale was also a stalwart of the Richmond Hill Congregational Church to which his great friend, Mr. Okey, introduced him. Beale was largely responsible for securing the services of the Rev. J. D. Jones for the church, after a previous preacher left. He also took over Mr. Okey's draper's store in Commercial Road and turned it into Bealesons. Mr Okey gave up the business following the death of three of his four sons in World War I.
John Elmes Beale died at age 80 in Boscombe, Bournemouth, Hampshire. He and his wife, Sarah Ann Beale née Hussey Brickell, are buried in Wimborne Road Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="6989307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989307" title="Aymore Moreira">
Aymore Moreira



</doc>
<doc id="6989308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989308" title="Augusto Inacio">
Augusto Inacio



</doc>
<doc id="6989314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989314" title="Attila Dragoner">
Attila Dragoner



</doc>
<doc id="6989316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989316" title="New Caledonia catshark">
New Caledonia catshark

The New Caledonia catshark (Aulohalaelurus kanakorum), or Kanakorum catshark, is a coloured catshark belonging to the family Atelomycteridae in the order Carcharhiniformes, known only from one specimen collected near southwestern New Caledonia in the western central Pacific Ocean. The holotype measured . The New Caledonia catshark is a rare and vulnerable inshore catshark found around coral reefs.

</doc>
<doc id="6989317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989317" title="Aurelio Gonzalez">
Aurelio Gonzalez



</doc>
<doc id="6989318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989318" title="D-class cruiser">
D-class cruiser

D-class cruiser can refer to either of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="6989321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989321" title="Assimiou Toure">
Assimiou Toure



</doc>
<doc id="6989327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989327" title="Aulohalaelurus kanakorum">
Aulohalaelurus kanakorum



</doc>
<doc id="6989332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989332" title="Ursula Holden-Gill">
Ursula Holden-Gill

Ursula Holden-Gill (born 2 January 1974) is an English actress and dramatherapist, best known for her roles as school secretary Carol on Channel 4's comedy drama "Teachers" (2001–2004), Alice Dingle on ITV's soap opera "Emmerdale" (2004–2006) and Miss Fitzgerald on CBBC's "Wolfblood" (2012–2014).
Career.
Holden-Gill graduated from St Martin's College, Lancaster in 1996 with a BA Honours in Drama and Music, before attaining an MA in Intercultural Storytelling at University of Lancaster and a PG Dip in Acting from the Drama Studio London. Alongside Holden-Gill's theatre and radio credits, her screen credits include "The Bill", "Sex, Chips &amp; Rock n' Roll", "Mrs Merton and Malcolm", "Trial &amp; Retribution", "Doctor Willoughby", "The Wyvern Mystery", "People Like Us", "Teachers", "Emmerdale", "The Syndicate", "Vera, In the Dark" and "Wolfblood".
In 2007, Holden-Gill underwent teacher training at Unity College, Burnley, where she attained full qualified Teacher status and went on to establish herself as a professional Storyteller. More recently, Holden-Gill graduated from Derby University with an MA in Dramatherapy. She lives in West Yorkshire and now works exclusively as a Dramatherapist.

</doc>
<doc id="6989337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989337" title="Dingwall, Nova Scotia">
Dingwall, Nova Scotia

Dingwall (Scottish Gaelic: "Inbhir Pheofharain") is an unincorporated area of approximately 600 residents in the Aspy Bay region of the Municipality of the County of Victoria, Nova Scotia, Canada. It is situated just off the Cabot Trail, 84.68 kilometers northeast of county seat Baddeck. The federal electoral riding is Sydney—Victoria.
History.
Dingwall was founded as Young's Cove in the late 1820s, an carried that name until 1883. One of the first settlers and land grantees was Walter Young in 1827, and the community that emerged around him came to bear his name. Young had a Brig of 147 tonnes build in 1847, named the "Richard Brown" which Young utilized as a cargo ship. The "Richard Brown" was at one time believed to have been lost at sea in a gale while on a voyage from Sydney to Halifax, but despite heavy damage reached its destination after being blown far off course.
Later, in the late 1870s, merchant Robert Dingwall settled in Young's Cove and opened a general store. Mr. Dingwall soon made an application for a post office and then lobbied the government to change the town's name. By provincial statute chapter 55 in 1883, the name of Young's Cove was thus changed to Dingwall. Old Norse in origin, the name "Dingwall" comes from Ting (parliament) and Voir (valley).
Overview.
Located on northeastern Cape Breton Island in the Aspy Bay, Dingwall has traditionally been a fishing community, which remains the town's primary industry, along with tourism. St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Church was opened in 1901 and rebuilt in the mid-1980s after being destroyed by arson.
Dingwall was once a somewhat booming industrial town in the early 20th century when it was home to the National Gypsum Company Quarries, the remnants of which are still quite prominent within the town. The Dingwall quarry was in full production after World War II, but harsh winters and a shallow port limited production to the months of May through November. Each spring the channel had to be dredged and, toward the end of the shipping season, cargo size was reduced to keep the vessels afloat. Dingwall's gypsum deposit was last worked in 1955. Once the gypsum boom had run its course, many residents moved elsewhere to find employment.
In 1960 the Department of Public Works of Canada requested the National Research Council (Canada) devise a means of reducing sediment deposition in the harbour entrance caused by the littoral drift on a bar in front of the entrance. Prior to this, shoaling of the entrance of this harbour was so severe that it was often possible to walk across the harbour entrance in rubber boots within a few months of completion of dredging to a depth of 13 feet. Model studies were carried out and a breakwater configuration was evolved which appeared to have some "selfdredging" characteristics. The recommended structures were built in 1962 and over time appeared to be successful in maintaining minimum depths of 5 feet at low tide which was adequate for the fishing fleet using the harbour at the time. Based upon the Dingwall channel design, entrance structures were later built at Inverness, Nova Scotia in 1965 and at Pleasant Bay, Nova Scotia in 1967.
Swordfishing was carried out extensively in Dingwall and other communities North of Smokey from the 1930s to the 1980s. Swordfish were so plentiful that boats traveled from Yarmouth, Nova Scotia and as far as the United States to fish. The season would start in late July and would run until late September, sometimes October.
In 2010, plans were announced to repatriate the St. Paul Island lighthouse to the St. Paul Island Museum in Dingwall. St. Paul is an uninhabited island located about 24 kilometres northeast of Dingwall. Built in 1917, the lighthouse guided ships through the Gulf of St. Lawrence for approximately 100 years before being moved to Dartmouth at the Canadian Coast Guard Maritime base.

</doc>
<doc id="6989352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989352" title="Kootenay Lake Crossing">
Kootenay Lake Crossing

Kootenay Lake Crossing is a powerline crossing of Kootenay Lake, British Columbia, Canada. The idea was to transport electricity from the Hydro dam on the Kootenay River at Brilliant to the Cominco Sullivan Mine at Kimberley. The most direct route was across Kootenay Lake. Originally it was with a span width of the longest powerline span of North America and fixed on three - for each conductor a single one - 19 metres tall towers at the west shore and a tall electricity pylon on the east shore. This tower was erected in spite of high mountains on the east shore for building short towers were available, as erecting span terminal towers on them would have required a longer span, for which the use of spliced conductors were required, which was undesired as the splicing point is a potential point of failure. Roebling cable provided the steel support cable for the conductor. The height of conductor over Kootenay Lake was .
Kootenay Lake Crossing was inaugurated in 1952, but on March 8, 1962, the huge tower on the east shore was destroyed by explosives placed by the Sons of Freedom religious sect of the Doukhobors. As at those days longer unspliced conductor ropes were available, the destroyed tower was not rebuilt, instead as replacement a 19 metres tall tower triple like that on the west shore of Kootenay Lake on a higher area on the east shore was built.
The powerline is still in operation today, but today with 63 kV instead of 170 kV as originally proposed.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6989354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989354" title="Silkheart Records">
Silkheart Records

Silkheart Records is a Swedish record company and label dedicated to improvised music and free jazz.
Lars-Olof Gustavsson and Keith Knox founded Silkheart in 1985. In 1991, Jimmy Johnson of Forced Exposure suggested that Silkheart "could easily be considered for the new ESP-Disk throne." "The Penguin Guide to Jazz" describes the four albums that Dennis González recorded for the label as "part of a determined effort to wrest creative initiative back from New York and the West Coast". Charles Brackeen (whom Silkheart's management and González had coaxed out of retirement) recorded three albums for Silkheart.

</doc>
<doc id="6989357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989357" title="Historical population of Ireland">
Historical population of Ireland

The population of Ireland in 2021 was approximately seven million with 1,903,100 in Northern Ireland and 5,123,536 in the Republic of Ireland. In the 2022 census the population of the Republic of Ireland eclipsed five million for the first time since the 1851 census. The population of Ireland in 2024 was approximately 7.2 million (5.35 million in the Ireland and 1.91 million in Northern Ireland). Although these figures demonstrate significant growth over recent years, the population of Ireland remains below the record high of 8,175,124 in the 1841 census.
Between 1700 and 1840, Ireland experienced rapid population growth, rising from less than three million in 1700 to over eight million by the 1841 census. In 1851, as the Great Famine was ending, the population of Ireland had dropped to 6.5 million people. The Famine and the resulting Irish diaspora had a dramatic effect on population; by 1891, Ireland's population had slipped under five million and by 1931, it had dropped to just over four million. It stayed around this level until the 1960s, when the population began to rise again.
Below are some statistics to illustrate the rise, fall and rise again of the population since 1841. The statistics also illustrate a massive population shift from the west to the east of the country and increasing urbanisation. The areas around Dublin and Belfast have seen population growth, while Connacht has become depopulated.
Historical population.
In 2016, the population of Ireland for the first time exceeded the population recorded in the Census of 1851, the first census immediately after the Great Famine, when the population of the island was recorded at 6,575,000.
Historical populations per province.
"(Measured in 1000s, rounded)"
Ulster.
"Figures not in bold are for the Republic of Ireland counties of Ulster only. Figures in bold are for the whole of Ulster."
Historical populations per county.
"(Measured in 1000s)"

</doc>
<doc id="6989358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989358" title="Charles Langlade">
Charles Langlade



</doc>
<doc id="6989361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989361" title="FINA World Cup">
FINA World Cup

FINA World Cup might refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6989362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989362" title="Neochlamisus platani">
Neochlamisus platani

Neochlamisus platani is a species in the leaf beetle genus "Neochlamisus". This beetle feeds, mates, and oviposits on their host plant American sycamore ("Platanus occidentalis"), where it prefers young trees. Its common name is the sycamore leaf beetle for this reason.
The adult beetle is bronze to brown in color and about 3.5 to 4 millimeters in length. Its exoskeleton is rough and bumpy, helping it to camouflage as a piece of bark or droppings. Both adults and larvae feed upon the foliage of the sycamore. Heavy infestations can begin to reduce the foliage mass of a tree, damaging its aesthetic value as an ornamental.

</doc>
<doc id="6989364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989364" title="Stephen Marchant (actor)">
Stephen Marchant (actor)

Stephen Marchant is an English actor known for being the first actor to play Terence Turner on ITV's "Emmerdale" in 1985. Nick Brimble took over the role in 2006. Stephen Marchant is an actor, known for "The Tall Guy" (1989), "The Bill" (1984) and "Emmerdale" (1972, 1985).
Stephen attended Buckhurst Hill County High School (Boys Grammar School) in Essex 1971–1978 where he showed himself to be a keen and able actor, participating in many school plays.

</doc>
<doc id="6989371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989371" title="Let's Ride (Montell Jordan song)">
Let's Ride (Montell Jordan song)

 
"Let's Ride" is the lead single released from Montell Jordan's third album of the same name. The song was produced by Teddy Bishop, arranged by R&amp;B singer Case and featured verses from American rappers Master P and Silkk the Shocker.
"Let's Ride" became a huge hit in 1998, making it to #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, held from the #1 spot by K-Ci &amp; JoJo's "All My Life". The song also spent three non-consecutive weeks at #1 on the Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Singles &amp; Tracks, becoming his second most successful single after 1995's "This Is How We Do It". "Let's Ride" was certified platinum by the RIAA on April 22, 1998 for individual sales of over 1,000,000 copies. The song was sent to radio stations on February 17, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="6989373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989373" title="Sports Palace Aukštaitija">
Sports Palace Aukštaitija

Sports Palace Aukštaitija is an indoor sporting arena located in Panevėžys, Lithuania. The capacity of the arena is 2,000 people. It was formerly home to the KK Panevėžys basketball team, later renamed to BC Techasas of the premier domestic league LKL.

</doc>
<doc id="6989376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989376" title="Cruciform eminence">
Cruciform eminence

The cruciform eminence (or cruciate eminence) divides the deeply concave internal surface of the occipital bone into four fossae:
The upper fossae are separated from the lower fossae by a groove for the transverse sinuses. At the point of intersection between all four fossae is the internal occipital protuberance.

</doc>
<doc id="6989377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989377" title="Richard Moore (actor)">
Richard Moore (actor)

Richard Moore (born 1942) is an English actor known for playing Jarvis Skelton on ITV's "Emmerdale" from 2002 to 2005.
Early and personal life.
Moore was born in 1942, and lived in Burnley, Lancashire during his early life, attending Burnley Grammar School. He initially worked as a photographer for the Burnley Express, while being involved with amateur dramatics groups, one of which included Malcolm Hebden, called "The Highcliffe Players". He went on to train at Bristol Old Vic Theatre School. Early TV appearances were in the first series of "The Likely Lads", with James Bolam and Rodney Bewes. Moore is a keen Burnley F.C. supporter, even sneaking club paraphernalia onto the "Emmerdale" set.
Acting career.
After drama school, Moore spent more than 10 years with the Royal Shakespeare Company.
Television
Film
Stage

</doc>
<doc id="6989382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989382" title="Australian blackspotted catshark">
Australian blackspotted catshark

The Australian blackspotted catshark (Aulohalaelurus labiosus) is a coloured catshark belonging to the family Atelomycteridae in the order Carcharhiniformes. They are commonly found in shallow coasts and offshore reefs in western Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="6989388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989388" title="Aulohalaelurus labiosus">
Aulohalaelurus labiosus



</doc>
<doc id="6989395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989395" title="Nudity in public">
Nudity in public



</doc>
<doc id="6989400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989400" title="Baba Ram Chandra">
Baba Ram Chandra

Baba Ram Chandra (1864/1875–1950) was an Indian trade unionist who organised the farmers of Awadh, India into forming a united front to fight against the abuses of landlords in 1920s and 1930s. He was also an influential figure in the history of Fiji, and owed his inspiration to take up the cause of the down-trodden to his 12 years as an indentured labourer in Fiji and to his efforts to end the indenture system. He is one of the prime characters in Kamla Kant Tripathi's history based novel "Bedakhal".
Early years.
Ram Chandra was born in a small village in Gwalior State in 1864 or 1875. His real name was Shridhar Balwant. Some sources say he is from Maharastra. He left for Fiji as an indentured labourer in 1904 after changing his name to Ram Chandra Rao in order to conceal his identity as a person from priestly class, since priestly class people were not preferred as indentured labourers.
Life in Fiji.
He stayed in Fiji for (6+7) years and took active part in the movement to emancipate the lot of the indentured labourers. He came in contact with Manilal Doctor, who took keen interest in social and political movements in Fiji. Ram Chandra used religion to organise the people. He was responsible for the staging of "Ram Lila" in Fiji which helped in creating a sense of solidarity among the Indian indentured labourers. He also ensured the dismissal of an official who rode roughshod over the religious sentiments of the labourers. He led popular demonstrations in Fiji to focus on the grievances of indentured labourers. He smuggled into India an article on the deplorable and inhuman conditions of indentured labourers, which was published in "Bharat Mitra", a newspaper from Calcutta. The Fiji Government was alarmed by this article and was on the look out for its writer. The article created such a furore that Ram Chandra was advised by his friends to leave Fiji before the authorities were able to lay their hands on him. He left Fiji in 1916.
Formation of the Oudh Farmers' Association.
On his return to India he settled in Ayodhya and became a "sadhu" (holy man). He was accused by the local police of spreading disaffection among the peasantry. He married a woman of Chamar caste and commenced calling himself "Baba Ram Chandra." He moved around the region with a copy of the Ramayana under his arm, blending readings from this popular Hindu epic with denunciations of both the British Raj and the landlords, and appealed to the peasants to act together against their exploiters. Although he began by seeking to harmonise tenant-landlord relations, Ram Chandra soon considered this to be a wasted effort and began to mobilise the peasants. He encouraged peasants to pay only the required rent and refrain from customary donations. In 1919 he led the first peasant protest against the landlords and by 1920 had organised all the farmers associations in Oudh, forming the "Oudh Kisan Sabha" (Oudh Farmers’ Association), with his associates; Jhinguri Singh, Mata Badal Koeri and others. He was arrested on a number of occasions for organising public protests. He established Oudh Kisan Sabha and organised farmers' protest, but he did not get support from Indian National Congress. Congress leaders Nehru and Gandhiji tried to delegitimise the efforts of Baba Ramachandra and his peasant movement, on the pretext that Baba Ramachandra used religious sentiments. Baba Ramachandra operated independently and his movement, with support of peasants, put a charter of demands with 14 points, like receipts for rent paid, not to pay more than actual rent for land, refusal to pay begari etc. He had large support from peasants and when he was kept in Pratapgarh jail in September 1920, peasants numbering 40,000 to 50,000 assembled to press his release. Baba Ramachandra noted the contributions of lower cast people in the agrarian fight against British and recorded the contribution of Pasi and Chamars in the Kisan Sabha meetings held in Rure village, Pratapgarh during 1919 and 1920.
In June 1920, Nehru toured the villages of Awadh. By October the sabha was headed by Baba Ramchandra, Nehru and a few others. Within a month it had set up over 300 branches. It helped integrate the peasants in the NCM.
The peasant movement was subdued in that area after the arrest of Baba Ram Chandra.

</doc>
<doc id="6989403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989403" title="Stuart Wade">
Stuart Wade



</doc>
<doc id="6989407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989407" title="Chileno wine">
Chileno wine



</doc>
<doc id="6989411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989411" title="Economics and Human Biology">
Economics and Human Biology

Economics and Human Biology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Elsevier. It was established in 2003 with J. Komlos as founding editor-in-chief. The journal covers research on biological economics — economics in the context of human biology and public or occupational health. The editors-in-chief are Susan Averett (Lafayette College), Joerg Baten (Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen), and Pinka Chatterji (University at Albany).
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2022 impact factor of 2.5.

</doc>
<doc id="6989414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989414" title="Tver's Karelia">
Tver's Karelia



</doc>
<doc id="6989422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989422" title="Ram Sharan Sharma">
Ram Sharan Sharma

Ram Sharan Sharma (26 November 1919 – 20 August 2011) was an Indian historian and Indologist who specialised in the history of Ancient and early Medieval India. He taught at Patna University and Delhi University (1973–85) and was visiting faculty at University of Toronto (1965–1966). He also was a senior fellow at the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London. He was a University Grants Commission National Fellow (1958–81) and the president of Indian History Congress in 1975. It was during his tenure as the dean of Delhi University's History Department that major expansion of the department took place in the 1970s. The creation of most of the positions in the department were the results of his efforts. He was the founding Chairman of the Indian Council of Historical Research (ICHR) and a historian of international repute.
During his lifetime, he authored 115 books published in fifteen languages. He influenced major decisions relating to historical research in India in his roles as head of the departments of History at Patna and Delhi University, as Chairman of the Indian Council of Historical Research, as an important member of the National Commission of the History of Sciences in India and UNESCO Commission on the history of Central Asian Civilizations and of the University Grants Commission and, above all, as a practising historian. At the instance of Sachchidananda Sinha, when Professor Sharma was in Patna College, he worked as a special officer on deputation to the Political Department in 1948, where prepared a report on the Bihar-Bengal Boundary Dispute. His pioneering effort resolved the border dispute forever as recorded by Sachchinand Sinha in a letter to Rajendra Prasad.
Early life.
Sharma was born in Barauni, Begusarai, Bihar in a Bhumihar family. With great difficulty his father sponsored his education till matriculation. After that he kept on getting scholarships and even did private tuition to support his education. In his youth he came in contact with peasant leaders like Karyanand Sharma and Sahajanand Saraswati and scholars like Rahul Sankrityayan and perhaps from them he imbibed the determination to fight for social justice and an abiding concern for the downtrodden which drew him to left ideology. His later association with Dr. Sachchidananda Sinha, a social reformer and journalist, broadened his mental horizon and firmly rooted him in the reality of rural India and thus strengthened his ties with the left movement and brought him into the front rank of anti-imperialist and anti-communal intellectuals of the country.
Sharma was foremost among the Indian intellectuals who wanted historians to realise that the discipline of history was not just about what happened in the past but what its lessons were for imaginatively and intelligently responding to the challenges of the present.
Education and achievements.
He passed matriculation in 1937 and joined Patna College, where he studied for six years from intermediate to postgraduate classes. He did his PhD from the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London under Professor A. L. Basham.
His PhD thesis on the history of Sudras in Ancient India was published as a book by Motilal Banarsidass in 1958, with a revised edition in 1990.
Sharma taught at colleges in Arrah (1943) and Bhagalpur (July 1944 to November 1946) before coming to Patna College, Patna University in 1946. He became the head of the Department of History at Patna University from 1958 to 1973. He became a university professor in 1958. He served as professor and dean of the History Department at Delhi University from 1973 to 1978. He got the Jawaharlal Fellowship in 1969. He was the founding chairperson of Indian Council of Historical Research from 1972 to 1977. He has been a visiting fellow at the School of Oriental and African Studies (1959–64); University Grants Commission National Fellow (1958–81); visiting professor of history in University of Toronto (1965–66); President of Indian History Congress in 1975 and recipient of Jawaharlal Nehru Award in 1989. He became the deputy-chairperson of UNESCO's International Association for Study of Central Asia from 1973 to 1978; he has served as an important member of the National Commission of History of Sciences in India and a member of the University Grants Commission.
Sharma got the Campbell Memorial Gold Medal (for outstanding Indologist) for 1983 by the Asiatic Society of Bombay in November 1987; received the H. K. Barpujari Biennial National Award by Indian History Congress for "Urban Decay in India" in 1992 and worked as national fellow of the Indian Council of Historical Research (1988–91). He was a member of many academic committees and associations. He has also been recipient of the K. P. Jayaswal Fellowship of the K. P. Jayaswal Research Institute, Patna (1992–94); he was invited to receive Hem Chandra Raychaudhuri Birth Centenary Gold Medal for outstanding historian from Asiatic Society in August 2001; and in 2002 the Indian History Congress gave him the Vishwanath Kashinath Rajwade Award for his lifelong service and contribution to Indian history. He got D.Litt. ("Honoris Causa") from The University of Burdwan and a similar degree from Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies, Sarnath, Varanasi. He was also the president of the editorial group of the scholastic magazine "Social Science Probings". He was a member of the board of Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library. His works have been translated into many Indian languages apart from being written in Hindi and English. Fifteen of his works have been translated into Bengali. Apart from Indian languages many of his works have been translated into many foreign languages like Japanese, French, German, Russian, etc.
In the opinion of fellow historian Professor Irfan Habib, "D. D. Kosambi and R. S. Sharma, together with Daniel Thorner, brought peasants into the study of Indian history for the first time." Prof. Dwijendra Narayan Jha published a book in his honour in 1996, titled "Society and Ideology in India: ed. Essays in Honour of Professor R. S. Sharma" (Munshiram Manoharlal, Delhi, 1996). In his honour, a selection of essays was published by the K. P. Jaiswal Research Institute, Patna in 2005.
Journalist Sham Lal writes about him, "R. S. Sharma, a perceptive historian of Ancient India, has too great a regard for the truth about the social evolution in India over a period of two thousand years, stretching from 1500 BC to 500 AD, to take refuge in a world of make-believe."
Professor Sumit Sarkar opines: "Indian historiography, starting with D. D. Kosambi in the 1950s, is acknowledged the world over – wherever South Asian history is taught or studied – as quite on a par with or even superior to all that is produced abroad. And that is why Irfan Habib or Romila Thapar or R. S. Sharma are figures respected even in the most diehard anti-Communist American universities. They cannot be ignored if you are studying South Asian history."
As an institution builder.
Impatient with inefficiency and guided by his radicalism, Sharma had been a great builder of institutions. Under his guidance the department of History, Patna University, drastically changed its syllabi and made a sharp departure from the communal and imperialist historiographical legacy of the colonial period. He has the credit of activising the department which was suffering from an almost incurable inertia and of initiating academic programmes which gave a distinct character to the History department of Patna University and thereby bringing it into the vanguard of secular and scientific historiography.
In Delhi, where he spent a smaller part of his teaching career, Sharma's achievements are no less significant. The development of the department of History, Delhi University, owes a great deal to the efforts of Professor Sharma who radicalised it by converting it into a citadel of secular and scientific History and waged an all out war against communalist historiography.
It is largely because of his efforts that the largest body of professional Indian historians, the Indian History Congress, of which he was the general president in 1975 and which honoured him with H.K. Barpujari Award in 1989, has now become the symbol of secular and scientific approach to History.
Personality.
Sharma was known for his simplicity. He was tall, fair and was always clad in dhoti-kurta. Historian Suvira Jaiswal, Sharma's first PhD student, remembers her teacher not only giving a lesson in good writing but even mundane stuff like how to put a pin in papers so it did not hurt anyone. In the opinion of his student, historian Dwijendra Narayan Jha, 
Writing style.
In his writings Professor Sharma has focused on early Indian social structure, material and economic life, state formation and political ideas and the social context of religious ideologies and has sought to underline the historical processes which shaped Indian culture and civilisation. In his study of each of these aspects of Ancient Indian History he has laid stress on the elements of change and continuity. This has significantly conditioned his methodology which basically rests on a critical evaluation of sources and a correlation between literary texts with archaeology and ethnography. His methodology is being increasingly extended to the study of various aspects of Indian history just as the problems studied by him and the questions raised by him have generated a bulk of historical literature in recent years.
Major works.
Theory of Feudalism.
The publication of his monograph "Indian Feudalism" in 1965 caused almost a furore in the academia, generating intense debate and sharp responses both in favour of and against the applicability of the model of "feudalism" to the Indian situation at any point of time. The concept of "feudalism" was initially used by D. D. Kosambi to analyse the developments in the socio-economic sphere in the late ancient and medieval periods of Indian history. Sharma, while differing from Kosambi on certain significant points, added a great deal of depth to the approach with his painstaking research and forceful arguments. The work has been called his magnum opus. Criticism goaded Sharma into reinforcing his thesis by producing another work of fundamental importance, "Urban Decay in India (c.300-1000)", in which he marshalled an impressive mass of archaeological data to demonstrate the decline of urban centres, a crucial element of his thesis on feudalism. It won him the H.K. Barpujari award instituted by the Indian History Congress. However, the redoubtable professor was unstoppable, and in his "" (Orient Longman, 2001), he further rebutted the objections of his critics point by point.
Sharma applied the tool of historical materialism not only to explain social differentiation and stages of economic development, but also to the realm of ideology. His investigations into the "feudal mind" and "economic and social basis of tantrism" are thought-provoking, opening up new lines of inquiry. In an earlier article, he examined "the material milieu of the birth of Buddhism", which now forms a part of his "Material Culture and Social Formations in Ancient India" (Macmillan, 1983). The monograph, full of seminal ideas, has been translated into several Indian and foreign languages and has had 11 editions.
Other writings.
Sharma wrote two books, "Looking for the Aryans" (Orient Longman, 1995) and "Advent of the Aryans in India" (Manohar, 1999), "to demolish the myth assiduously cultivated by Hindu communalist historiography that the Aryans were the original inhabitants of India and Harappa culture was their creation." After that, Sharma was part of a Government of India appointed committee to examine the historical veracity of claims made regarding Ram Sethu by certain devout Hindus- specifically, that Ram Sethu was made by the Hindu God Ram and not a result of natural formation (the result of continuous wave action). Sharma, who was the historian on the committee, submitted his report in December 2007 and thus helped in defusing the crisis. Incidentally, work on the report occasioned his last visit to Delhi.
Views on communalism.
Sharma has denounced communalism of all types. In his booklet, "Communal History and Rama's Ayodhya", he writes, "Ayodhya seems to have emerged as a place of religious pilgrimage in medieval times. Although chapter 85 of the Vishnu Smriti lists as many as 52 places of pilgrimage, including towns, lakes, rivers, mountains, etc., it does not include Ayodhya in this list." Sharma also notes that Tulsidas, who wrote the Ramcharitmanas in 1574 at Ayodhya, does not mention it as a place of pilgrimage nor does he refer to any temple of Rama in Ayodhya, let alone the Ramjanmabhumi temple. After the demolition of Babri masjid, he along with historians Suraj Bhan, M. Athar Ali and Dwijendra Narayan Jha came up with the "Historian's report to the nation" on how the communalists were mistaken in their assumption that there was a temple at the disputed site and how it was sheer vandalism in bringing down the mosque. However, the Supreme Court of India refused to give credence to this report and said, "At the highest, this report can be taken as an opinion."
Political controversies.
In 1977, Janata Dal banned his book "Ancient India". The ban was withdrawn by Congress in 1980. In October 2001, the BJP government found seven out of ten passages of the book to be objectionable. Later, Sharma wrote the revised version of "Ancient India" and he tried to "incorporate new facts based on recent archeological findings".
He supported the addition of the Ayodhya dispute and the 2002 Gujarat riots to school syllabus calling them 'socially relevant topics' to broaden the horizons of youngsters. This was his remark when the NCERT decided to include the Gujarat riots and the Ayodhya dispute besides the 1984 anti-Sikh riots in the Class XII political science books, arguing that these events influenced the political process in the country since Independence.
Reception.
André Wink has criticised Sharma for drawing too close parallels between European and Indian feudalism and blames his works for "misguid[ing] virtually all historians of the period"; Sanjay Subrahmanyam deemed Wink's attacks to be polemical.
Legacy.
On his death, at a function organised by the Indian Council of Historical Research and hosted by the Nehru Memorial Museum and Library, historians Romila Thapar, Irfan Habib, D. N. Jha, Satish Chandra, Kesavan Veluthat and ICHR Chairperson Basudev Chatterji paid rich tributes to Sharma and emphasised his influence. Professor Bipan Chandra considered him to be "greatest historian of India", after D.D. Kosambi. Irfan Habib said, "D. D. Kosambi and R.S. Sharma, together with Daniel Thorner, brought peasants into the study of Indian history for the first time."

</doc>
<doc id="6989424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989424" title="Pharmacoeconomics">
Pharmacoeconomics

Pharmacoeconomics refers to the scientific discipline that compares the value of one pharmaceutical drug or drug therapy to another. It is a sub-discipline of health economics. A pharmacoeconomic study evaluates the cost (expressed in monetary terms) and effects (expressed in terms of monetary value, efficacy or enhanced quality of life) of a pharmaceutical product. Pharmacoeconomic studies serve to guide optimal healthcare resource allocation, in a standardized and scientifically grounded manner.
Economic evaluation.
Pharmacoeconomics centers on the economic evaluation of pharmaceuticals, and can use cost-minimization analysis, cost-benefit analysis, cost-effectiveness analysis or cost-utility analysis. Quality-adjusted life years have become the dominant outcome of interest in pharmacoeconomic evaluations, and many studies employ a cost-per-QALY analysis. Economic evaluations are carried out alongside randomized controlled trials and using methods of decision-analytic modeling. Pharmacoeconomics is a useful method of economic evaluation of various treatment options. As more expensive drugs are being developed and licensed it has become imperative especially in context of developing countries where resources are scarce to apply the principles of pharmacoeconomics for various drugs and treatment options so that maximum improvement in quality of life can be achieved in minimum cost.
In policy.
In 1993, Australia became the first nation to use pharmacoeconomic analysis as part of the process for deciding whether new drugs should be subsidized by the Federal Government. The Pharmaceutical Benefits Advisory Committee (PBAC) advises Federal Government ministers on whether new drugs should be placed on a list for of drugs that consumers can then purchase from pharmacies at a subsidized price. Since 1993, this approach to evaluating costs and benefits is used in Canada, Finland, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, and the UK.
Impact of pharmaceutical innovations.
In the past 30 years, major pharmaceutical innovations have improved condition-related outcomes for six serious medical conditions: ischemic heart disease, lung cancer, breast cancer, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Spending on new pharmaceuticals and R&amp;D, although expensive, is considered to bring net benefits, as it decreases overall health care costs. A study of 30 countries estimated that 73% of the increase in life expectancy in recent decades is due to new pharmaceuticals alone. Another study found that new drugs have reduced hospital usage by 25% per decade by replacing more expensive forms of care like surgery. It has been estimated that the cost per additional life-year gained thanks to pharmaceutical innovation was US$2,730, compared with US$61,000 for dialysis, a commonly used benchmark.

</doc>
<doc id="6989426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989426" title="Charles de Langlade">
Charles de Langlade



</doc>
<doc id="6989429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989429" title="Stitch Up!">
Stitch Up!

Stitch Up! is a surreal CBBC children's hidden camera show in which pranks are played on the general public. It was originally broadcast in early 2002 and was repeated until 2008 on the CBBC channel, when CBBC began to focus even more on their target audience of the under 12s. Pranks were played all over the UK, with most taking place in London and the South East, although specials were filmed abroad.
In contrast to other CBBC programmes, "Stitch Up!" was more aimed at older children and teenagers (most CBBC programmes are aimed at primary school age children). The presenters and victims were all teenagers and adults with comparatively little child participation. The soundtrack/background music was often sultry and urbane, featuring bands like Oasis and Royksopp.
Notable pranks included Anne Foy pretending to be a news reader, appearing on TV screens in an electrical store, revealing embarrassing stories about a victim, who was watching the screens in horror whilst shopping with his family. Another surreal, ongoing sketch involved actors in knights' costumes and other strange outfits, fighting and doing bizarre things in a busy street, to the confusion of shoppers. Calum Callaghan played a boy who invited people to play card games with him in a train station and always accused them of cheating. Marvin Benoit played street magician 'David Plain' - a spoof of the famous magician David Blaine. Simon Kane played Remote Controlled Kid in all three series. He would enter a shop and ask a member of staff confusing and totally random questions.
The final prank of each show was the Big Stitch Up! One popular prank involved tricking a boy into believing his bedroom would be transformed by a DIY TV show whilst he was at school. When he returned home, it was revealed that his bedroom had actually been made to look like a garden, complete with a gnome and water feature. Another involved giving a Saturday worker at a hairdresser a 'day from hell' at work, with customers' hair catching fire and mirrors smashing in front of her. When it was revealed to the victim that it had all been a prank, he or she would receive a Stitch Up! trophy.
"Stitch Up!" ran for three series. Two of these were in 2002 and the third was in 2004. There is a Halloween special (also produced in 2004), titled "Spook Up!", and is usually repeated around the Halloween time of year. A one off episode entitled 'Celebrity Stitch Up!' was produced.
The show originally starred Marvin Benoit, Calum Callaghan, Anne Foy and Simon Kane, but new presenters, Adam Selkirk-Brown and Sita Thomas, later joined for the 2004 series.

</doc>
<doc id="6989431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989431" title="Emma Atkins">
Emma Atkins

Emma Jayne Atkins (born 31 March 1975) is an English actress, best known for her role as Charity Dingle in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale".
Early life.
Atkins grew up in the village of Silverdale, Lancashire, and then went to study at the University of Salford. Atkins' mother worked in Wakefield Prison.
Career.
Atkins is known for portraying the role of Charity Dingle on the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" since 2000. After first leaving "Emmerdale", Atkins appeared in episodes of the BBC series "Dalziel and Pascoe", "Mayo", "I'm with Stupid", "New Street Law", "Doctors" and "Casualty". In 2008 she played Lesley Ashton in Heartbeat series 17 episode 8
On 18 March 2009, it was revealed that Atkins would be returning to "Emmerdale", reprising her role of Charity, and she made her reappearance on 1 October 2009. She took a brief break in 2015 when she gave birth to her son, but returned shortly after.
Awards and nominations.
Atkins has been nominated for numerous awards for her work on "Emmerdale". She was nominated for Best Actress in 2010 and 2018 at the British Soap Awards, and in September 2018, Atkins won Best Soap Actress at the TV Choice Awards. She has also been nominated for several "Inside Soap" Awards. In October 2018, she was named as the "Inside Soap" Awards Best Actress, and she was announced as Best Actress at the 2018 Daily Star Soap Awards on 26 December 2018. In January 2019, Atkins was nominated for the National Television Awards in the category of Serial Drama Performance.

</doc>
<doc id="6989444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989444" title="Bracknagh">
Bracknagh

Bracknagh or Bracnagh () is a small village in County Offaly, Ireland. It is at the junction of the R442 and R419 regional roads, close to the border with County Kildare, halfway between Portarlington and Rathangan (8 km from both).
It is thought that the settlement began with a small cluster of homes built around the road junction. Expansion along connected roads included the addition of two housing developments by Offaly County Council and Bord na Mona.
Bracknagh is home to the Ballynowlart church, where local tradition holds that the congregation were burned alive in the 1600s.
The local national school, St.Broghan's NS, had an enrollment of 84 pupils as of 2024. There is a holy well, also associated with St. Broghan, nearby. 
Bracknagh GAA is the local Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) club and was founded in 1973. The club won its first Offaly Intermediate Football Championship title in 1978. Teams representing the club also won the intermediate title in 1983, 2000 and 2016, and have also won several Senior B Championship titles.
Local community organisations include the Bracknagh Tidy Town committee and Bracknagh Heritage Society.

</doc>
<doc id="6989446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989446" title="My Body (LSG song)">
My Body (LSG song)

"My Body" is a song by R&amp;B group LSG released as the first single from their debut album "Levert.Sweat.Gill". It is the group's most successful song, spending seven weeks at number-one on the US R&amp;B chart. It also reached number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in late 1997 for three weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="6989454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989454" title="Tver Karelia">
Tver Karelia

Tver Karelia (; ; ) is the area inside the Tver Oblast that is inhabited by Karelians.
Geography.
Refugees from the of the settled on the palace (state) lands of the and other parts of the , which were deserted due to the turmoil and oppression of the Time of Troubles; historically, these territories made up Tver Karelia. By the beginning of the 20th century, the largest number of Tver Karelians lived in Bezhetsky, Vesyegonsky, Vyshnevolotsky, Novotorzhsky, partly in Tversky, Zubtsovsky, Kashinsky uyezds. According to the 1926 census, the Tver Karelians numbered 140,567 people, of which more than 95% spoke the Karelian language.
In 1930, according to the statistical collection of the Moscow Oblast Executive Committee (at that time the eastern part of the former Tver province was part of the Moscow region), Karelians lived in the following districts: 
In total, there were 150,617 Karelians in the region in 1930.
According to the censuses in the Kalinin region, there were these many Karelians:
According to the 2002 census, there were 14,633 Tver Karelians in the Tver oblast.
Karelian villages.
The resettlement of the Karelians to the Tver land was carried out by the Moscow government in an organized manner, the places intended for the settlement of the Karelians were examined in advance, it was indicated how many families could be settled. The Karelians settled mainly in the wastelands (that is, in the place of desolate villages), the original Russian names were usually retained. In the 19th and early 20th centuries, new villages (settlements) and farms appeared.
Karelian villages predominate in the Likhoslavl region, constituting a significant part in the Maksatikhinsky, Rameshkovsky, Spirovsky and Vesyegonsky districts. Now in most of them the population is mixed or Russian.
The largest Karelian settlements are: , , , , , . The town of Likhoslavl emerged on the site of the Karelian villages of Ostashkovo and Likhoslavl.
Population.
The formation of Tver Karelia is associated with the mass resettlement of Karelians from their original places of residence on the Karelian Isthmus and in the Northern Ladoga area to the empty palace lands of the in the second half of the 16th — first quarter of the 18th centuries. Deprived of ties with their fellow tribesmen in Olonets and White Sea Karelia, Tver Karelians eventually separated into a separate subethnos of Karelians, speaking a special Tver dialect of the Karelian language.
History.
Karelian National Okrug.
On July 8, 1937, on the territory of the compact settlement of the Tver Karelians, the Karelian National Okrug was created, consisting of three already existing and two newly created districts: Likhoslavl, Novokarelsky, Rameshkovsky, Maksatikhinsky, Kozlovsky. The capital of the district was the city of Likhoslavl. During the first year of the Okrug's existence, many Karelian cultural and educational institutions were created, but on February 25, 1939, it ceased to exist, and many activists of the Karelian movement in the Tver region were repressed.
Tver national-cultural autonomy of Tver Karelians.
In 1997, the Tver of the Tver Karelians was formed, which is a public association of citizens of this nationality on the basis of voluntary self-organization in order to resolve issues of preserving identity, developing their native language, education, and national culture. Includes six regional and one urban cultural autonomy.

</doc>
<doc id="6989456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989456" title="UltraManiac">
UltraManiac



</doc>
<doc id="6989457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989457" title="Stade des Flandres">
Stade des Flandres

Stade des Flandres ( ‘Stadium of Flanders’) is an indoor sporting arena located in Dunkerque, France. The capacity of the arena is 2,500 people. It is currently home to the Dunkerque Handball Grand Littoral team.
Salle Louis Dewerdt (or salle Dewerdt for short) was its original name. Louis Dewerdt was a local city councillor of the centre-right Union for French Democracy. means "hall", i.e., a sports hall, or indoor arena.

</doc>
<doc id="6989458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989458" title="Canna 'Cleopatra'">
Canna 'Cleopatra'



</doc>
<doc id="6989460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989460" title="Tower of Hallbar">
Tower of Hallbar

The Tower of Hallbar, also known as Hallbar Tower and Braidwood Castle, is a 16th-century tower house, located to the west of the River Clyde in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. The tower is situated above the Braidwood Burn, south-west of Carluke, and east of Crossford. It has been restored and is let out as holiday accommodation.
History.
The barony of Braidwood was first granted to John de Monfod in 1326, by Robert the Bruce. In 1581, the barony was transferred to Harie Stewart of Gogar, brother of James Stewart of Bothwellmuir, who was briefly Earl of Arran (Scotland) during the insanity of the third earl, James Hamilton. The tower was recorded at this time, making it likely that it was built in response to James V's edict that "tours of fence" be built on all lands over £100 Scots in value.
Braidwood, and Hallbar with it, came into the possession of Lord Maitland of Thirlestane Castle, later passing through the hands of the Marquess of Douglas, before changing hands again in 1681, when it was bought by George Lockhart of Lee Castle, whose estate adjoined Braidwood to the south.
By the mid-19th century the tower was in ruins, but dereliction was prevented by Sir Norman Macdonald Lockhart Bt., the young laird of Lee, who had the tower restored by D R Rankin of Carluke in 1861. The upper parts of the castle, including parapet, cap-house, gables and roof, were rebuilt at this time. The tower was then leased, generating income for the Lockharts. One notable tenant was the Rev. Neville Donaldson, minister of Glasgow Cathedral, who lived here during the 1950s and 1960s. The last tenant left in 1984, and the tower once again became semi-derelict, succumbing to vandalism.
Hallbar is still owned by the Lockharts of Lee, but in 1998 a lease was agreed to with the Vivat Trust, a historic buildings preservation trust. The trust agreed to restore and convert the Tower for use as holiday accommodation. Extensive masonry consolidation, including the rebuilding of a defective section of the upper wall together with complete reroofing, was undertaken in conjunction with the restoration of the nearby cottage or bothy to form further accommodation.
With the demise of the Vivat Trust, the castle is let through cottages.com
The tower.
The narrow, five-storey tower is only 7.5 m square, with walls up to 1.6 m thick. Each level originally had a single room. A winding stair, built into the thickness of the walls, wraps around and links the floors. At the basement level is a low-vaulted cellar with its own access. The main door is at the first-floor level, opening onto a small hall. Above this are two further rooms, the second vaulted. 
The stairs continue to a pyramidal cap-house, giving access to the east parapet walk. The west parapet walk is accessed through the garret room at this level. The parapet walks are corbelled, as is an oriel window in the south gable.
A projecting garderobe was added on the west wall in the 19th century. Within the outer face of the north gable is a dovecot, formerly accessed via a timber walkway from a high-level door. The chimney runs behind the pigeon holes, ensuring the birds were kept warm in winter.
To the south of the castle, a barmkin or courtyard, approximately 30 m by 13 m, was originally surrounded by a stone wall. It is likely that the first-floor doorway was accessed from a walkway on top of the courtyard wall.
The renovation of 1998 was sensitively carried out, with few major alterations. The vaulted cellar now contains a kitchen, while a bathroom was installed on the second floor, now subdivided into two rooms and a passage. Other repairs were carried out to strengthen the stone walls and to reduce the weight of the roof. In the hall, the ceiling was painted with a medieval design incorporating the Lockhart arms.
The tower is a category A listed building, while the ground to the south, which may once have formed a barmkin, is a Scheduled Ancient Monument. The tower itself was de-scheduled to allow the conversion works to go ahead.
As of 2006, there is a house at Carluke High School named after the tower, although, for unknown reasons, the school spells it as "Halbar".

</doc>
<doc id="6989461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989461" title="Roju">
Roju



</doc>
<doc id="6989463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989463" title="Consultancies">
Consultancies



</doc>
<doc id="6989465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989465" title="Tachiai-Ude-Hishigi-Ude-Gatame">
Tachiai-Ude-Hishigi-Ude-Gatame



</doc>
<doc id="6989469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989469" title="A Song for Mama">
A Song for Mama

"A Song for Mama" is a number-one R&amp;B single by the American R&amp;B group Boyz II Men. The tune, which was written and produced by Babyface, served as the theme song to the 1997 motion picture "Soul Food", and spent two weeks at number one on the US R&amp;B chart. To date, it is the group's 11th and final top 10 hit, peaking at number 7 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song also appears on the group's fourth album, "Evolution" (1997).
Critical reception.
Larry Flick from "Billboard" stated, "The second single from "Evolution" can also be heard on the soundtrack to "Soul Food". It's a tear-tugging ode to mothers, delivered with the kind of seamless harmonies that one has come to expect from these Boyz. Producer/writer Babyface's fingerprints are all over the track, from its delicate piano lines to its soft but insinuating percussion. There's no denying that this act is at its best when the members are wrapping their voices around a Babyface composition. If you still need proof, let quietly emotional lines like "loving you is like food for my soul" wash over your senses. As the world inches closer to the holiday season, look for this single to become a sentimental favorite at every possible radio format."
Credits and personnel.
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of "Evolution".

</doc>
<doc id="6989471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989471" title="Cellosolve">
Cellosolve



</doc>
<doc id="6989473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989473" title="Beacon Fell, Cumbria">
Beacon Fell, Cumbria

Beacon Fell is a fell in the southern Lake District of England with an altitude of . It is the subject of a chapter of Wainwright's book "The Outlying Fells of Lakeland".
Geographically, the fell is in the Blawith Fells to the west of the bottom end of Coniston Water. The fell is above Beacon Tarn and can be accessed from quiet paths off the main road from Water Yeat to Torver. Wainwright describes an ascent from Brown Howe, passing over the summit and down to Beacon Tarn (also visited on his Woodland Fell walk) before returning on the western slopes on the line of the Cumbria Way.
Although it is relatively low, it has panoramic views of the Coniston Fells, Coniston Water and Morecambe Bay.
Beacon Tarn fault, part of the Coniston Fault complex, passes under the East side of Beacon Tarn. The fault line runs in an approx N 10 degrees E direction.

</doc>
<doc id="6989474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989474" title="Conroy">
Conroy

Conroy is an Irish surname.
Overview.
Conroy is an Irish surname of multiple origins. In some cases it is the form used by descendants of the Ó Maolchonaire bardic family of what is now East Galway and South Roscommon. In west County Galway, most bearers of the name are probably descended from the Mac Conraoi family of Delbhna Tír Dhá Locha. This latter Irish family name was often anglicised into King due to the phonological similarity with the word rí. The Ó Cingeadh/Ó Cionga bardic family from east of Loch Ree also had their name corrupted into King, but for English phonological reasons.
Bearers of the surname.
Conroy as a given name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6989480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989480" title="Dorothy Ann Willis Richards">
Dorothy Ann Willis Richards



</doc>
<doc id="6989482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989482" title="Hallbar Tower">
Hallbar Tower



</doc>
<doc id="6989485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989485" title="Frank Dostal">
Frank Dostal

Frank Dostal (16 December 1945 – 18 April 2017) was a German songwriter and music producer. In the late 1960s, he was a singer with the rock band The Rattles, who were consistently successful in Germany, and Wonderland. In the late 1970s, he was a co-writer for the internationally successful vocal duo Baccara, produced by Rolf Soja.
Biography.
Frank Dostal was born in Flensburg and raised in Hamburg. Before taking his Abitur exams, he left school to become a rock singer. With a band called The Faces (not to be confused with the 1970s British band of the same name) he won a talent contest. He joined The Rattles and, in 1968, founded Wonderland with fellow ex-Rattle Achim Reichel. With Wonderland, he sang lead vocals and played bongos, bass guitar and organ. He also wrote the lyrics to Reichel's compositions for the band. The two of them later produced records for children, including "Die große Kinderparty" ("The great children's party").
Later, Dostal devoted himself exclusively to writing lyrics. In the second half of the 1970s, his lyrics frequently appeared on the German Hit parade. He worked for Father Abraham ("Das Lied der Schlümpfe", the German version of "The Smurf Song"), Nana Mouskouri, the Goombay Dance Band and many others.
Dostal came to international fame as a co-writer of songs of the vocal duo Baccara, produced by Rolf Soja: "Yes Sir, I Can Boogie", "Sorry, I'm a Lady", and "Parlez-vous français?".
Frank Dostal was married to Mary McGlory, a former bass guitar player of Liverpool all-female beat group The Liverbirds. They had two children.

</doc>
<doc id="6989486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989486" title="Transductor">
Transductor

A transductor is a type of magnetic amplifier used in power systems for compensating reactive power. It consists of an iron-cored inductor with two windings - a main winding through which an alternating current flows from the power system, and a secondary control winding which carries a small direct current. By varying the direct current, the iron core of the transductor can be arranged to saturate at different levels and thus vary the amount of reactive power absorbed.
Transductors were widely used before the advent of solid-state electronics but today have been largely replaced by power electronic devices such as the Static VAR compensator and STATCOM.
A formerly common use for Transductors was in CRT displays, to correct a distortion called pincushion distortion, where the side of the picture bowed in at the centre as a result of the geometry of large deflection angles. It would have one set of windings in the horizontal deflection circuit and the other set in the vertical; the action of the transductor caused the deflection waveforms to modulate each other - reducing line scan at the top and bottom (where the magnetization from the vertical deflection waveform was greatest) and similarly on the vertical waveform (where the magnetization from horizontal scan current was greatest).
An additional use for the transductor, prior to Hall effect devices, was as a feedback transducer for large dc current measurement. The dc bus to be measured passed through the center of the toroidal iron core saturable reactor and 120vac excitation was applied to the winding around the iron core. As the current in the dc bus increased, the iron saturated more and more, which in turn allowed a higher level of ac current to flow. This ac current was then rectified as an output signal proportional to the bus current. In this manner, dc currents of 30,000 amps or more could be accurately measured without electrically bonding to the bus.

</doc>
<doc id="6989488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989488" title="Swamp Creek (Pennsylvania)">
Swamp Creek (Pennsylvania)

Swamp Creek is an tributary of Perkiomen Creek in Berks and Montgomery counties, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Swamp Creek begins in Berks County then flows through Montgomery County to join Perkiomen Creek above Schwenksville.
History.
Swamp Creek has historically powered several mills along its waters, with mills being built as early as 1736. By 1884, four gristmills and three sawmills were operating on the creek in New Hanover Township. One surviving mill, the Sunrise Mill, is owned by Montgomery County and is part of Sunrise Mill Park.
Swamp Creek is known as West Swamp Creek. Guide signs in Limerick Township refer the creek by this name. Another Perkiomen tributary bore the name Swamp Creek, or East Swamp Creek. It is now known as the present day Unami Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="6989489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989489" title="Canna Cleopatra">
Canna Cleopatra



</doc>
<doc id="6989493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989493" title="Dorothy Ann Willis">
Dorothy Ann Willis



</doc>
<doc id="6989500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989500" title="Sportpark am Hallo">
Sportpark am Hallo

Sportpark am Hallo is a facility consisting of an indoor sporting arena and an outdoor stadium located in Essen, Germany. The capacity of the arena is 2,500 people, while the stadium can accommodate 3,800 spectators. It is home to the Assindia Cardinals (American Football), ETB Essen (basketball) and TUSEM Essen (handball).

</doc>
<doc id="6989501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989501" title="Dorothy Willis">
Dorothy Willis



</doc>
<doc id="6989503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989503" title="Braidwood Castle">
Braidwood Castle



</doc>
<doc id="6989504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989504" title="Canna 'Harlequin'">
Canna 'Harlequin'



</doc>
<doc id="6989509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989509" title="Glycol Ether">
Glycol Ether



</doc>
<doc id="6989513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989513" title="C.I.Dickson">
C.I.Dickson



</doc>
<doc id="6989514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989514" title="Never Make a Promise">
Never Make a Promise

"Never Make A Promise" is a number-one R&amp;B song by group Dru Hill, released in 1997. It is the third single from their eponymous debut album. With a lead by Larry "Jazz" Anthony, the single spent four weeks at number one on the US R&amp;B chart and peaked at number seven on the US pop chart. Although it was a hit, sales of the "Never Make A Promise" single were mainly driven by the popular So So Def Remix of their previous hit "In My Bed" only being available on its B-side.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Frank Sacramento. The music video features an appearance by actress Michelle Thomas, who plays Jazz's girlfriend. She tells Jazz that she is pregnant and he gets excited; but she also has a drunk father who rapes her but she is too scared to tell anyone.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="6989518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989518" title="Aicraft">
Aicraft



</doc>
<doc id="6989519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989519" title="Canna Harlequin">
Canna Harlequin



</doc>
<doc id="6989525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989525" title="Gerardo Garcia Leon">
Gerardo Garcia Leon



</doc>
<doc id="6989530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989530" title="Aerplane">
Aerplane



</doc>
<doc id="6989536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989536" title="Upper Deerfield Township Schools">
Upper Deerfield Township Schools

The Upper Deerfield Township Schools are a community public school district that serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade from Upper Deerfield Township, in Cumberland County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the district, comprised of three schools, had an enrollment of 820 students and 83.2 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 9.9:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "B", the second-lowest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Public school students in ninth through twelfth grades attend Cumberland Regional High School, which also serves students from Deerfield Township, Fairfield Township, Greenwich Township, Hopewell Township, Shiloh Borough and Stow Creek Township. As of the 2022–23 school year, the high school had an enrollment of 1,124 students and 82.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.7:1. The high school district has a nine-member board of education, with board seats allocated to the constituent municipalities based on population; Upper Deerfield Township has two seats on the board.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2020–21 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:
Board of education.
The district's board of education is comprised of nine members who set policy and oversee the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with three seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. The board appoints a superintendent to oversee the district's day-to-day operations and a business administrator to supervise the business functions of the district.
Controversies.
In 2023, parents started a petition calling for the resignation of superintendent Peter Koza, criticizing school leadership’s “slow and inadequate” response to a series of videos which showed a janitor at Elizabeth F. Moore School tampering with cafeteria food. One video showed the janitor rubbing bread meant to be served to students on his intimate parts, while another showed him putting bleach on cucumbers.

</doc>
<doc id="6989537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989537" title="Peter Amory">
Peter Amory

Peter Amory (born Peter Walton; 2 November 1964) is an English actor best known for playing the role of Chris Tate in ITV's soap opera "Emmerdale". He was born in Norwich, Norfolk.
Personal life.
He was married to actress Claire King, who played his stepmother Kim Tate, but the couple separated after ten years; they are, however, still good friends. He has a son, Thomas, from a previous relationship. He was good friends with his former on-screen sister Leah Bracknell (Zoe Tate).

</doc>
<doc id="6989538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989538" title="Alec Sedgley">
Alec Sedgley



</doc>
<doc id="6989542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989542" title="Canna 'Queen of Italy'">
Canna 'Queen of Italy'



</doc>
<doc id="6989553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989553" title="Canna Queen of Italy">
Canna Queen of Italy



</doc>
<doc id="6989554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989554" title="Boys of Summer (The Wire)">
Boys of Summer (The Wire)

"Boys of Summer" is the first episode of the fourth season of the HBO original series "The Wire". Written by David Simon from a story by David Simon &amp; Ed Burns, and directed by Joe Chappelle, it originally aired on September 10, 2006.
Plot.
Snoop, Marlo Stanfield's young enforcer, replaces her cordless nail gun. Snoop and her mentor, Chris Partlow, prepare a vacant row house while a victim pleads with them. After the victim is shot with a suppressed pistol, they cover the body with quicklime and plastic sheets and nail the vacant building closed before leaving.
Councilman Tommy Carcetti and his deputy campaign manager, Norman Wilson, are busy with appointments and public appearances as Carcetti runs for mayor. The process of campaigning has left him bitter and disillusioned, and he ignores certain duties such as fundraising calls. Thomas "Herc" Hauk joins Mayor Clarence Royce's security detail. Royce's chief of staff, Coleman Parker, reports that Carcetti and Anthony Gray's campaigns are asking for two separate debates. In contrast to Carcetti, Royce has a speaking engagement with a healthy attendance at a harbor redevelopment site. Carcetti's engagement with the community initially makes him energized, but he sours upon hearing about his low poll numbers and assumes he has already lost. Later, an officer recognizes a drunk Carcetti sitting on a park bench at Federal Hill Park.
Bodie Broadus is shown running his own drug dealing crew, for which Namond Brice is the runner. One of Bodie's colleagues, Lex, complains that his baby's mother, Patrice, is dating Fruit, a crew chief from Marlo's organization. Lex threatens to kill Fruit, despite Bodie's warning that doing so will invoke Marlo's wrath. Bodie is met by Slim Charles, who now works for Proposition Joe. Meanwhile, Namond's friends Michael Lee and Randy Wagstaff ask to take them catching pigeons. Duquan "Dukie" Weems scares off the birds, which leads to Michael having to break up a fight between Dukie and Namond. That night, Lex shoots Fruit dead as he leaves a club. When Dukie is beaten up by children in the terraces, the boys plan to pelt them with water balloons filled with urine. The plan goes sour when Namond bursts a balloon on himself and his friends flee. Michael is caught and beaten. Later, Namond buys ice cream for his friends. Randy returns home and is scolded by his foster mother for breaking curfew.
Detectives Lester Freamon and Kima Greggs ask ASA Rhonda Pearlman to sign off on subpoenas of key political figures that they have linked to the Barksdale Organization. Greggs tricks Lieutenant Jimmy Asher, the Major Crimes Unit's new commander, into signing the papers they need. Freamon learns about Fruit's murder through the wiretap and meets with Bunk Moreland and Ed Norris, who are working the case in Homicide. Bunk gives Freamon a cell phone that they recovered from Fruit's body to garner more numbers for wiretaps. District Sergeant Ellis Carver harasses Bodie's crew, and encounters Jimmy McNulty, who is still a beat cop. When Bodie tries the politeness that Carver has taught him on Officer Anthony Colicchio, he is angrily rebuked. Carver reminds Colicchio that if they come down hard on everyone, they'll have no one to get information from when something serious happens.
McNulty is called to meet with Major Cedric Daniels, now commander of the Western District, who urges him to move out of the patrol division and return to detective work. After McNulty declines the offer, Daniels reflects he is probably better off in Patrol on a personal level. At the roll call meeting, officers are given a misguided mandatory lecture about soft targets for terrorism in West Baltimore. Bunk visits McNulty to ask if he knows Lex, and is invited to dinner with his domestic partner Beadie Russell. Meanwhile, Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski arrives at an inner city school as a trainee math teacher, and is immediately hired by the principal when he mentions being a former police officer. Prez attends a seminar on student motivation that seems to be as inept as the terrorism lecture in the Western. Prez later takes in his unkempt classroom, but seems excited at the prospect of teaching.
Marlo meets with his lieutenants to discuss how to retaliate for Fruit's murder. One of them suggests killing everyone on Lex's corner, but Marlo argues that more murders would be unnecessary when nobody is trying to war with them, and the group agrees to only kill Lex. While Randy is selling candy on the corner, Little Kevin asks Randy to pass a message to Lex that Patrice wants to meet him that night. When Lex arrives at the spot, he is ambushed by Snoop and Partlow. Meanwhile, Bunk and Carver stake out the corner in search of Lex, but his absence prompts them to leave and agree to come back later. Little Kevin reveals to Randy that Lex was killed, and pays him cash for following his instructions. Snoop and Partlow board up another vacant house after leaving Lex's body there, while Randy sits outside of his home and watches a police car speed past.
Production.
Simon has commented that the influx of novice child actors led to an unruly behavior at the beginning of filming, but they became a closely knit group of professional young actors by the close of the series.
Non-fiction elements.
During the counter-terrorism briefing, Carver jokes that terrorists "got jacked by Apex's crew." Apex was a real stick-up man in Baltimore in the 1990s whom Ed Burns met, and was one of several inspirations for Omar Little.
Title reference.
The title refers to the children of West Baltimore on summer break. "The Boys of Summer" is also the title of a song by Don Henley and book by Roger Kahn, named from the poem 'I see the boys of summer' by Dylan Thomas. Both of those works illustrate a remembrance of glory days past and innocence lost. Thus the title sets the stage for the fourth season.
Epigraph.
Assistant principal Donnelly makes this comment when Prez applies to be a teacher. This also can be applied to the group's (Michael, Namond, Duquan, and Randy) innocence before the events of the season begin to unfold, as well as Carcetti's inexperience heading into his campaign for election as mayor of Baltimore. The epigraph also ties into the sinister activities of Marlo's enforcers efficiently executing undesirables over pleas.
Music.
The song playing in the background while Randy is selling candy to Little Kevin is "Survival of the Fittest" by Mobb Deep.
Credits.
Starring cast.
Although credited, Chad Coleman, John Doman, Frankie Faison, Andre Royo, Michael K. Williams and Robert Wisdom do not appear in this episode.
Uncredited appearances.
Thomas Hessenauer has a cameo in this episode as a dissenting school teacher; he is also the assistant to executive producer Nina Kostroff Noble.
Reception.
Ratings.
The episode drew an average of 1.5 million viewers. Coverage considered this as low compared to other HBO series like "Deadwood" and "The Sopranos", but felt that including repeats of the episode and video-on-demand viewers would enhance the figure. Despite the low figures HBO commissioned a fifth season of the show two days after the episode aired.
Critical response.
An "Entertainment Weekly" critic named the opening scene of the episode as the first of his "five reasons to live" for the week. A second critic picked out the parallels between the police briefing and the teachers seminar as a key element of the episode tying the institution of the school and the police department together. He also saw the scenes as significant in demonstrating how far removed the bureaucracies of modern lives are from reality.

</doc>
<doc id="6989556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989556" title="B. N. Chicherin">
B. N. Chicherin



</doc>
<doc id="6989557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989557" title="Who the Hell are You">
Who the Hell are You



</doc>
<doc id="6989559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989559" title="Consumer Action Group">
Consumer Action Group

The Consumer Action Group (CAG) is a UK forum which provides free help and support on all consumer issues. It is the U.K.'s National Consumer Service
It was founded by Dave Smith and Marc Gander as the Bank Action Group after meeting through Yahoo forum called Bank Charges Hell. The name was later changed to The Consumer Action Group.
In addition to the forums, there is wiki with over 400 articles which aim to act as a bridge between the legalese used by professions and layman's terms used by the majority. Members can calculate interest on any court claims by using their on-line calculator or can download and utilise a variety of spreadsheets. Many of the standard letters that are available on the site can be created automatically, simply by a member completing a small form with basic information. 
The Consumer Action Group is funded primarily by donations from members. 
Marc Gander, founder of Consumer Action Group, was until 2020 also a key addition to an Advisory Group, set up by Marston (The UK's largest judicial services group) in an attempt to set standards of transparency and ethical practice.

</doc>
<doc id="6989561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989561" title="G.H.E.T.T.O.U.T.">
G.H.E.T.T.O.U.T.

"G.H.E.T.T.O.U.T." (pronounced "Ghetto-u-t") is a song by American R&amp;B duo Changing Faces. Released in 1997 from their second album, "All Day, All Night" (1997), and produced by R. Kelly, the single reached number eight on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and spent four weeks at number one on the "Billboard" Hot R&amp;B Singles chart. The song also became a top-10 hit in the United Kingdom and reached number 22 in New Zealand.
Track listings.
US CD and cassette single
US 12-inch single
UK CD and 12-inch single, Australian CD single
UK cassette single

</doc>
<doc id="6989565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989565" title="Montreal Chest Institute">
Montreal Chest Institute

Montreal Chest Institute is a health centre in Montreal specializing in respiratory medicine. It is affiliated with the Royal Victoria Hospital, and by extension, McGill University Health Centre. On June 14, 2015, the historic Institute moved into the new MUHC Glen Site.

</doc>
<doc id="6989569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989569" title="Pëtr Chaadaev">
Pëtr Chaadaev



</doc>
<doc id="6989571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989571" title="Pëtr Iakovlevich Chaadaev">
Pëtr Iakovlevich Chaadaev



</doc>
<doc id="6989574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989574" title="Petr Iakovlevich Chaadaev">
Petr Iakovlevich Chaadaev



</doc>
<doc id="6989575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989575" title="Jackson Stewart (cyclist)">
Jackson Stewart (cyclist)

Jackson Stewart (born June 30, 1980 in Santa Clara, California) is an American former road racing cyclist, who last rode for the BMC Racing Team.
Multifaceted.
Jackson started racing in his early teens and developed as a rider as part of the White Mountain Road Club and later Los Gatos Bicycle Racing Club. As a junior he competed in mountain bike, cyclocross, track, and road racing. As an under-23 (Espoir) rider Jackson raced in Italy for Termoimpianti- Cicli Tommasini based in La California, Tuscany. He is unique to have competed at a high level in events on the road, track, and cyclocross. He finished his career as professional cyclist competing on the road for BMC Racing Team. He has competed in some of the world's biggest races such as E3 Harelbeke, Tour of Flanders Fleche Wallone and Paris-Roubaix. Jackson was known as a solid all-around rider who routinely went in the breakaway and a fast finisher.
Sports Director.
Jackson became the U.S.A. Womens National Team Director after his career as a professional cyclist. Managing the Women's National Team program. During his two years with USA Cycling the program developed numerous young champions who later became very successful International and National level professionals. He also led the program to an Olympic Gold medal in the 2012 London Olympics, medals at World Championships, and numerous successes in races throughout the world.
From U.S.A. Cycling, Jackson was recruited as a Sports Director for the UCI WorldTeamBMC Racing Team where he led the team to numerous victories and podium finishes. During his years with the team, he guided the team to victories and podium finishes all over the world, including two victories at the World Team Time Trial Championships, stages of the Tour De France, a stage of the Tour of Italy, stages of the Tour of Spain, the Tour of California, and the Tour of Colorado. He was one of the most successful American UCI WorldTeam Sports Directors in the sport.
Velodrome.
On the velodrome Jackson was the 2003 National Madison Champion with partner Erik Saunders where he lapped the field on the Lehigh Valley Velodrome.
Road Racer.
At the end of the 2006 season, he was selected to represent USA at the 2006 Road World Championships. In 2008 Jackson competed at the Tour of Qatar amongst numerous UCI Pro-Tour level teams and has also competed in the famed Paris-Roubaix classic for the BMC Pro Cycling Team. Domestically, Jackson won the Redlands criterium in 2009.
Education.
Away from cycling, he earned his degree in Business Management from San Jose State University and an MBA from Southern Utah University.

</doc>
<doc id="6989578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989578" title="Chaadaev">
Chaadaev



</doc>
<doc id="6989579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989579" title="Messin'">
Messin'

Messin' is a rock album released in 1973 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band.
"Buddah" also appeared on the Vertigo budget sampler double album "Suck It and See", along with tracks by then-labelmates Kraftwerk, Jade Warrior and the Sensational Alex Harvey Band, amongst others.
The album was produced by Manfred Mann and engineered by John Edwards at Maximum Sound Studios, London in 1973.
For the United States release, the album was re-titled Get Your Rocks Off and the track "Pretty Good" was included in place of "Black and Blue", seemingly because the latter was about slavery and deemed unsuitable for the US market. Both tracks were included on the 1998 re-mastered re-issue. Under this title, the album just barely made the US Billboard 200, spending only two weeks on the charts and peaking at number 196 on June 30, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="6989582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989582" title="Kraskovo, Slovakia">
Kraskovo, Slovakia

Kraskovo () is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia. Notable attractions include a late gothic evangelical church containing renaissance paintings and featuring a wooden belfry constructed in 1657. In the village is a memorial to 19th century Slovak writer August Horislav Škultéty.

</doc>
<doc id="6989584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989584" title="Montreal Children's Hospital">
Montreal Children's Hospital

Montreal Children's Hospital () is a children's hospital in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Founded in 1904, it is affiliated with the McGill University Health Centre (MUHC) and McGill University, Faculty of Medicine.
The hospital has 154 single-patient rooms, 52-bed neonatology unit, 6 operating rooms and 6 intervention rooms. It has two blocks. Block A has pediatric outpatient services. Block B has pediatric inpatient units, which include a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) and a Pediatric Intensive Care Unit (PICU). It houses a pediatric emergency department, operating rooms and perioperative services, day hospitals and some Allied Health Services.
History.
The Montreal Children's Hospital (MCH) first opened on the rented premise of 500 Guy Street on January 30, 1904. It was the first hospital in Montreal with the sole mandate of providing care for sick children. In 1909, the growing number of patients required a move to new premises on Cedar Avenue, designed by David Robertson Brown (1869–1946). In 1920, the hospital became a teaching hospital affiliated with McGill University.
The hospital has achieved a number of "firsts", including the first speech clinic in a pediatric hospital in 1933, the first division of medical genetics in 1949 and the first department of psychiatry in 1950. The neonatology division was the first to create a neonatal transport team in Québec, dedicated to the ground transportation of unstable newborns. As well, in 1991, the neonatology division created the first provincial extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) program to assist neonates with severe respiratory distress and pulmonary hypertension. The Montreal Children's Hospital, affiliated to McGill University, is now home to the only training programs for pediatric nurse practitioner, neonatal hemodynamics, neonatal follow-up and neonatal scholar in the province of Quebec. The increasing number of services required another expansion. A relocation took place to 2300 Tupper Street in 1956, and it was renamed the Montreal Children's Hospital.
In August 1997, the Montreal Children's Hospital merged with the Royal Victoria Hospital, the Montreal General Hospital, the Montreal Neurological Institute and Hospital and the Montreal Chest Institute to form the McGill University Health Centre.
The location of the Montreal Children's Hospital at 2300 Tupper Street officially closed at 11:00 on May 24, 2015, after 68 patients were transferred to the new Glen Site at 1001 Décarie Boulevard. The new Glen Site Montreal Children's Hospital opened its emergency doors at 5 a.m. The Glen Site is composed of different hospital centres. Since the move to the Glen site, the Montreal Children's Hospital and the Royal Victoria Hospital have the capacity to provide on-site advanced maternal and perinatal care, such as ex-utero intrapartum treatment. It is the only centre on the island of Montreal with fully array of intensive-care (including fetal interventions, ECMO, dialysis, neurosurgery, extreme of prematurity and cardiac surgery) for both the mother and the newborn.
In 2011, it was the first pediatric hospital in Quebec to use high-frequency jet ventilation in the context of neonatal respiratory failure. It also has a strong tradition of pediatric and neonatal research, with some laboratories doing translational work in the clinical context, such as: the NeoCardioLab, the NeoBrainLab, the Neonatal Health Systems Research, the abcdResearch lab and the Smart Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="6989586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989586" title="Canna 'Spanish Emblem'">
Canna 'Spanish Emblem'



</doc>
<doc id="6989591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989591" title="Perossnal computer">
Perossnal computer



</doc>
<doc id="6989597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989597" title="Premovement neuronal activity">
Premovement neuronal activity

Premovement neuronal activity in neurophysiological literature refers to neuronal modulations that alter the rate at which neurons fire before a subject produces movement. Through experimentation with multiple animals, predominantly monkeys, it has been shown that several regions of the brain are particularly active and involved in initiation and preparation of movement. Two specific membrane potentials, the bereitschaftspotential, or the BP, and contingent negative variation, or the CNV, play a pivotal role in premovement neuronal activity. Both have been shown to be directly involved in planning and initiating movement. Multiple factors are involved with premovement neuronal activity including motor preparation, inhibition of motor response, programming of the target of movement, closed-looped and open-looped tasks, instructed delay periods, short-lead and long-lead changes, and mirror motor neurons.
Two types of movement.
Research of pre-movement neuronal activity generally involves studying two different kinds of movement, movement in natural settings versus movement triggered by a sensory stimulus. These two types of movements are referred to with different nomenclature throughout different studies and literature on the topic of premovement neuronal activity. Voluntary movements are also known as self-timed, self-initiated, self-paced, and non-triggered movements. This type of movement is what generally occurs in natural settings, carried out independently of a sensory cue or external signal which would trigger or cause the movement to be performed. In contrast, movements that are carried out as a result of a sensory cue or stimulus, or reflex-reactions to external conditions or changes are called reactive movements, but also known as cued movements, stimulated movements, and externally triggered movements depending on the choice of a particular study. In one such study by Lee and Assad (2003), rhesus monkeys were trained to execute arm movement in response to a visual cue versus the same arm movement performed without any correlation to this external (visual) cue. This is one example of reactive movements in contrast to self-initiated movements. Subsequent studies of rates of neuronal firing in the respective types of movements are recorded in different areas of the brain in order to develop a more thorough understanding of premovement neuronal activity.
Regions of the brain involved in pre-movement.
Pre-frontal area.
Functions in:
Pre-supplementary motor area (Pre-SMA) and the lateral pre-motor cortex.
Functions in:
Supplementary motor area (SMA) proper and the primary motor cortex (M1).
Functions in:
Bereitschaftspotential.
In 1964, two movement related cortical potentials were discovered by Kornhuber and Deecke. Using both the electroencephalography (EEG) and the electromyogram (EMG) recordings, Kornhuber and Deecke were able to identify two components prior to movement onset. These components are the Bereitschaftspotential (abbreviated BP, and also known as readiness potential, abbreviated RP) and the Contingent Negative Variation (CNV). The difference between these two potentials is that the BP is involved in self-paced, or voluntary movements, whereas the CNV is involved with cued movements, movements performed as reactions to an environmental signal.
The Bereitschaftspotential is a movement related potential. The initiation of the BP occurs approximately 2 seconds prior to movement onset. The BP is an index of motor preparation and is therefore also referred to as the "readiness potential", as it is the potential for movement to occur. The initial stage of the BP, or readiness potential, is an unconscious intention of, and preparation for movement. After this initial stage, the preparation of movement becomes a conscious thought.
The BP, more specifically, is composed of movement related cortical potentials (MRCPs) the peak being the MP or Motor potential. MRCPs tend to resemble a "set of plans" used by the cortex for the generation and control of movement. The BP is activated by voluntary movements involving the SMA and the somatosensory cortex in movement preparation and initiation. Initially only the late BP was considered to be specific for the site of movement and the early BP was thought to be characterized by more general preparation for upcoming movements. However, over the past couple of decades the early BP is considered to perhaps also be site specific within the supplementary motor area (SMA) and the lateral premotor cortex. Using principal component analysis and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) the main source of early BP was determined to be Area 6 of the precentral gyrus bilaterally, and the main sources of late BP were determined to be Area 4 (also known as the Primary Motor Cortex) and Area 6. The current consensus is that the early BP starts first in the SMA, including pre-SMA and SMA proper, and then approximately 400ms later in the lateral premotor cortices bilaterally prior to the movement onset, and the late BP starts in the M1 and premotor cortex contralaterally.
The two factors that most greatly influence the BP are the effect of discreteness and complexity of movement. A study conducted in 1993 compared isolated extensions of the middle finger with simultaneous extensions of the middle and index fingers. The results showed that the isolated movement of the middle finger produced a larger amplitude in the late BP, but not the early BP. The amplitude difference in the late BP was seen over the central region contralateral to the movement, which suggests an important role of M1. Complex movements cause greater amplitudes of the BP, which reflects the fact that there is greater activation of the SMA. Further experiments also suggest that the bilateral sensorimotor cortices play a role in the preparation of complex movements, along with the SMA.
Organization of primary motor cortex.
Some of the first relevant experimentation and subsequent findings about the organization of the primary motor cortex were observed by Wilder Penfield. Penfield, a neurosurgeon in Montreal began his experimentation in the 1950s, to better serve his epileptic patients. Penfield understood that his epileptic patients experience a warning sign before the seizures occur. This knowledge started the beginning of his stimulation experimentations. Here, Penfield tried to induce this warning sign in an attempt to specifically pinpoint the source of epilepsy. Penfield confirmed the presence of a spatial map of the contralateral body of the brain. He noted the location of muscle contractions with the site of electro-stimulation on the surface of the motor cortex and subsequently mapped the motor representation of the pre-central gyrus. This follows the same trends and disproportions in the somatic sensory maps in the post central gyrus.
Experimentation via intra-cortical micro-stimulation brought about a more detailed understanding of motor maps. By injecting current via a sharpened tip of a microelectrode into the cortex, the upper motor neurons in layer 5, which project to lower motor neurons can be stimulated. These neurons are associated with the neurons in the spinal cord, and thus stimulating specific movements which occur in specified muscular regions rather than stimulating specific muscles which produce those movements. Neuron connections in the motor map are linked for the purpose of generating specific movements. These connections are not linked for the purpose of generating specific muscles movements or contractions.
Spike-triggered averaging is a way to measure the activity of one cortical motor neuron, on a group of lower motor neurons in the spinal cord. Experimentation confirmed that single upper motor neurons are connected to multiple lower motor neurons. This supports the general conclusion that movements and not individual muscles are controlled by the activity of upper motor neurons.
Rates of upper neuron firing change prior to movement.
Individual motor neurons were recorded using implanted microelectrodes to record their activity in awake and behaving monkeys. This experimentation provided a way to figure out the correlation between neuronal activity and voluntary movement. It was found that the force generated by contracting muscles changed as a function of the firing rate of upper motor neurons. The firing rates of the active neurons often change prior to movements involving very small forces. This suggests that, the primary motor cortex contributes to the initial phase of the recruitment of lower motor neurons, involved in the generation of finely controlled movements.
"Closed-loop" motor tasks vs. "open-loop" motor tasks.
Approximately 65% of the neurons in the pre-motor cortex are responsible for conditional "closed-loop" motor tasks. In experimentation using monkeys, when they were trained to reach in different directions, depending on the specified visual cue, the approximately coordinated lateral pre-motor neurons began to fire at the appearance of that specified cue, but before the actual signal to perform the movement. As learning takes place, to associate a new visual cue with a particular movement, the approximately coordinated neurons increase their rate of fire during the time between the initial specified cue and the actual signal for the initiation of the movement. It now seems that these specific neurons do not command the initiation of the movements but the intention to perform the movements. Thus these pre-motor neurons are especially involved in the selection of movements based on external events.
More evidence that the lateral pre-motor area is involved in movement selection comes from observations of the effects of cortical damage on motor behavior. Lesions to this area severely impair the ability of monkeys to perform visually cued conditional tasks. Meaning that on command, it becomes extremely difficult for the monkey to perform the trained movement. But, when placed in another setting, the monkey is perfectly capable of performing that movement in a spontaneous, self initiated manner, as a response to the same visual stimulus.
The medial pre-motor cortex seems to be specialized for initiating movements specified by internal rather than external cues. These movements based on internal events are called "open-loop" conditions. In contrast to lesions in the lateral pre-motor area, removal of this medial pre-motor area reduces the number of self initiated or spontaneous movements that the animal makes. Conversely, the ability to move in response to an external cue is largely intact.
Parietal area 5.
The parietal cortex plays a role in the internal command of actions. Most specifically, parietal area 5 is responsible for the actions which precede movement. Area 5 neurons exhibit pre-movement activity in response to self initiated movements. The neurons in area 5 play a role in the initiation and execution of movement and respond at enormously quick speeds. An EMG (electromyogram) is a test of electrical activity in muscles. The neurons in area 5 respond at least 100ms faster than EMG detectable activity allows. The cerebral cortex forms a series of loops with the basal ganglia and the cerebellum which drive the initiation of movements, via these positive feedback loops. The neurons on the parietal associative cortex are most strongly involved in programming and execution of voluntary movements.
A learned act is the movement which is produced when the starting sensory signal launches the programmed execution. This action requires the neurons of the parietal associative cortex. There are two phases of the readiness potential, the early phase and the late phase. The early phase is responsible for the "planning of programmed movements". The late phase is responsible for the "stimulation of the movement’s direct implementation." The early phase of the readiness potential occurs in the supplementary motor region and is involved in the generation of voluntary movement. The late phase of premovement occurs in the cortical regions and is involved in definite voluntary movements. The two formal stages of premovement are planning and initiation.
Mirror motor neurons.
Mirror motor neurons are found in the ventrolateral portion of the pre-motor cortex. These mirror motor neurons respond not only to the preparation for movement execution, but also to observation of the same movements by others. But, these mirror motor neurons do not respond as well when an action is being pantomimed without the presence of a motor goal. Additionally, in observations of goal oriented movements, these neurons fire even when the result is blocked from view. The mirror motor neuron system is responsible for encoding intention and relevant behaviors of others. Additionally, these neurons may play a role with the frontal and parietal lobes in imitation learning.
A study by Daniel Glaser involved dancers trained in ballet and those trained in capoeira (Brazilian martial art form). The dancers were shown a short video of both ballet and capoeira dance moves. The research indicated that the mirror motor neurons showed increased activity when the dancers watched the video for the style they have been trained in. Additionally, the control, non-dancers, showed significantly less brain activation in the mirror motor neurons when watching either type of dance.
This research provides insight into how the brain responds to movements you have personally learned to do. This may provide a way to allow professionals to maintain a skill without actually performing the movement. Or it may provide an outlet for mental rehabilitation to those with impaired motor skills. Simple observation of the movement allows the same type of brain stimulation as the actual physical movement.
Preparatory changes in neuronal activity.
Execution of certain motor tasks requires an instructed delay. This delay period occurs in between the instructed cue and the subsequently triggered movement. During these delay periods preparatory changes occur in neuronal activity. The primary motor cortex, the pre-motor cortex, the supplementary motor area, parietal cortex, and the basal ganglia all may experience these preparatory delay periods. These activities coordinate during the delay periods and reflect movement planning in accordance with the instructional cue and the subsequent movement but occur prior to muscle activity. The movement planning may be anything from the direction of the movement to the extent of the movement.
Short lead changes vs. long lead changes.
Premovement neuronal activity has been widely experimented upon in three major motor fields of the frontal cortex. The goal of this experimentation is to compare the neuronal activity which comes from visual signals, versus neuronal activity which comes from non-triggered or self-paced movements. From this comparison, two changes were identified, occurring at different time scales in relation to the onset of movement. These changes are the short lead and long lead changes. The short lead changes are observed about 480ms before the movement, whereas the long lead changes occur about 1–2 seconds earlier. The short lead changes are exhibited in the SMA (supplementary motor area) and the PM (pre-motor area) during both the visual signal trials and the non-triggered/self-paced trials. The pre-central motor cortex was also identified in this study as having similar neuronal activities as in the PM and SMA. Experimentation found that approximately 61% of the neurons in the PM were preferentially related to the triggered (visual) movements. The long lead neuronal changes were more frequently active during the self paced stimuli than before the triggered movements. These long lead changes are particularly abundant among the SMA neurons. In summation, these experiments challenged the idea that the SMA primarily takes part in self-paced movements and the PM is only involved in visually triggered movements. Although the PM neurons showed more preference for the visual trigger signals and the SMA neurons are intimately related to initiation of self paced movements, both are involved with premovement for both types of stimuli.
Link between the cortex and basal ganglia.
A subcortical loop exists within the brain linking upper motor neurons originating in the primary motor and pre-motor cortices and the brainstem, with the basal ganglia. These upper motor neurons eventually initiate movement by controlling the activity of lower motor neurons, located in the brainstem and spinal cord, and project out to innervate the muscles in the body. Upper motor neurons also modulate activity of local circuit neurons, whose synapses are a large input to these lower motor neurons, in turn affecting subsequent movement. Thus, the basal ganglia indirectly influence movement via regulation of the activity of the upper motor neurons, which ultimately determine activity of the lower motor neurons.
Areas of basal ganglia affect movement.
The basal ganglia include groups of motor nuclei located deep within the cerebral hemispheres, including the corpus striatum, which contains two nuclei named the caudate and putamen, and also the pallidum, which contains the globus pallidus and substantia nigra pars reticulate. The corpus striatum is the main input center of the basal ganglia, specifically upper neurons of motor areas in the frontal lobe that control eye movement link to neurons in the caudate, while upper neurons from pre-motor and motor cortices in the frontal lobe connect to neurons in the putamen. The main neurons found within these structures are named medium spiny neurons.
Activation of medium spiny neurons.
The activation of medium spiny neurons is generally associated with the occurrence of a movement. Extracellular recording have shown that these specific neurons increase their rate of discharge before an impending movement. Such anticipatory discharges seem to be involved in a movement selection process, can precede a movement by several seconds, and vary according to location in space of the destination of the movement.
Processing movement signals by the basal ganglia.
The neurons present in the global pallidus and substantia nigra are the main output areas of the basal ganglia. These efferent neurons influence activity of the upper motor neurons. Neurons in these areas are GABAergic, and thus the main output of the basal ganglia is inhibitory, and spontaneous activation of these neurons consistently prevents unwanted movement. The input of medium spiny neurons to these output areas of the basal ganglia are also GABAergic and therefore inhibitory. The net effect of excitatory inputs to the basal ganglia from the cortex is inhibition (via the medium spiny neurons) of the persistently active inhibitory cells in the output center of the basal ganglia. This double inhibitory effect leads to activation of upper motor neurons, which causes subsequent signaling of local-circuit and lower motor neurons to initiate movement. This pathway is defined as the direct pathway through the basal ganglia. There is another indirect pathway present between the corpus striatum and part of the globus pallidus. This indirect pathway also involves the subthalamic nucleus (a part of the thalamus), which receives signals from the cerebral cortex. Excitatory signals from the cortex will activate subthalamic neurons, which are excitatory also. Thus, this indirect pathway serves to reinforce inhibition by excitatory signals to the GABAergic cells present in the globus pallidus. In effect, this pathway regulates the direct pathway by feeding back onto the output centers of the basal ganglia. The balance between these two pathways processes movement signals and influences the initiation of an impending movement.
Movement Disorders and Future Research.
The bereitschaftspotential has also been found to be influenced by movement disorders such as Parkinson's disease (PD), cerebellar lesions, and degenerative diseases of the dentate nucleus. Since at least some part of the BP originates from the SMA, "which receives main dopaminergic input from the basal ganglia via thalamus", many are conducting studies of BP in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). It has also been found that people with cerebellar lesions have clear abnormalities in their BP. In patients with degenerative diseases of dentate nucleus there is virtually a complete lack of BP. In patients with cerebellar hemispheric lesions the BP is much smaller again or even absent.
Of all the movement disorders studied, Parkinson's is by far the most investigated. Most experiments have studied the effects of lesions on the BP in patients with Parkinson's disease. It was observed that the amplitude of BP in many Parkinson's patients was significantly reduced. A BP with a more positive polarity was observed compared to the BP in control patients without the disease. Other research shows the same reduction in amplitude of movement-related cortical potentials, which is consistent with other studies showing a decrease in the activation of the SMA in Parkinson's patients. A decreased ability to terminate premovement preparatory activity has been observed in Parkinson's patients, reflected by prolonged activity in the SMA . This prolonged activity may have to do with impaired function of the basal ganglia, which is thought to send a termination signal to the SMA. While changes in preparatory movement activity are present in PD patients, executed-movement processes in the brain seem to be unaffected, suggesting that premovement activity abnormality may underlie the difficulty in movement prevalent in Parkinson's disease. More research studying the effects of the disease on MRCPs (like the BP) and premovement preparatory activity in PD patients is ongoing.

</doc>
<doc id="6989598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989598" title="Orlando Martínez">
Orlando Martínez

Orlando Martínez (September 2, 1944 – September 22, 2021) was a Cuban bantamweight boxer, who won the gold medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Three years later he captured the gold at the 1975 Pan American Games. Orlando was awarded a hotly disputed 3–2 split decision over Great Britain's George Turpin in the 1972 Munich Olympics semifinal before coasting to a comfortable points win over future professional world bantamweight champion Alfonso Zamora in the final to win the division's gold medal.
1968 Olympic results.
Below are the results of Orlando Martinez of Cuba, a boxer who competed in the flyweight division of the 1968 Mexico City Olympics:
1972 Olympic results.
Below are the results of Orlando Martinez of Cuba, a boxer who competed in the bantamweight division of the 1972 Munich Olympics:
External links.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6989601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989601" title="Pabellón Ciudad de Algeciras">
Pabellón Ciudad de Algeciras

Pabellón Ciudad de Algeciras-Doctor Juan Carlos Mateo is an arena in Algeciras, Spain. It is primarily used for team handball and is the home arena of Algeciras BM. The arena holds 2,300 people.
Initially named as only "Ciudad de Algeciras", on 10 May 2017, the pavilion changed its denomination by adding the name of Doctor Juan Carlos Mateo.

</doc>
<doc id="6989602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989602" title="Everything You Need (Madison Ave song)">
Everything You Need (Madison Ave song)



</doc>
<doc id="6989605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989605" title="Canna Spanish Emblem">
Canna Spanish Emblem



</doc>
<doc id="6989613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989613" title="Pabellón Municipal Rafael Florido">
Pabellón Municipal Rafael Florido

Pabellón Municipal Rafael Florido is an arena in Almería, Spain. It is primarily used for team handball and is the home arena of BM Ciudad de Almería. The arena holds 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6989615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989615" title="Tomášovce, Rimavská Sobota District">
Tomášovce, Rimavská Sobota District

Tomášovce () is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="6989616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989616" title="Meskalamdug">
Meskalamdug

Meskalamdug (, "Meskalamdùg" "hero of the good land"; ) was an early Sumerian ruler of the First Dynasty of Ur in the 26th century BCE. He does not appear in the "Sumerian King List", but is known from a royal cylinder seal found in the Royal Cemetery at Ur, a royal bead inscription found in Mari, both mentioning him as King, and possibly his tomb, grave PG 755 at the Royal Cemetery at Ur. 
It has been suggested that Puabi may have been his second queen.
Royal seal.
The existence of a "King Meskalamdug" is known for certain, from a seal discovered at the Royal Cemetery of Ur (cylinder seal , discovered in the tomb of a queen, PG 1054), which bears the title "Meskalamdug Lugal" () "King Meskalamdug". The same name of "Meskalamdug" has been found inscribed on the grave goods of tomb PG 755 at the Royal Cemetery of Ur, but without the title "King", which has raised doubts about the identification of King Meskalamdug with the young man found in that rather small grave.
The seal is made of shell, with a core in lapis-lazuli. It shows two crossed lions attacking bulls, with Enkidu and a naked man in profile participating to the fight. It is now in the British Museum (BM 122536).
Mari bead.
King Meskalamdug is again mentioned on a lapis-lazuli bead found in Mari, in the so-called "Treasure of Ur". It reads:
It is unclear how this bead came to be in Mari, which was quite far from Ur (about 700 kilometers to the northwest), but this points to some kind of relation between Ur and Mari at that time. The bead was discovered in a jar containing other objects from Ur or Kish, probably used as a dedication to a local temple. The God "Lugal-kalam" (, "Lord of the Land") to whom the dedication is made, is otherwise known in a dedication by a local ruler Šaba (Šalim) of Mari, also as Lugal-kalam, or in the dedication of Ishtup-Ilum where he is named "Lugal-mātim" (, "Lord of the Land"), and is considered identical with the local deity Dagan, or Enlil.
Tomb of Meskalamdug (PG 755).
The tomb of Meskalamdug, PG 755, discovered by English archaeologist Sir Leonard Woolley in the Royal Cemetery of Ur in 1924, contained numerous gold artifacts including a golden helmet with an inscription of the king's name. By observing the contents of this royal grave, it is made clear that this ancient civilization was quite wealthy. His wife's name was queen Ninbanda. Meskalamdug was also mentioned on a seal in another tomb with the title lugal (king), however because his own tomb lacked attendants, Woolley assumed that he was not royal. The controversy remains though, because he is named on a bead inscription discovered in Mari by French archaeologist André Parrot ten years later, as the father of king Mesannepada of Ur, who appears in the king list and in many other inscriptions.
Since tomb PG 755 lacks the monumental scale and splendor of other royal tombs at the Royal Cemetery of Ur, it has been suggested that it was not the tomb of king Meskalamdug himself, but rather a young prince of the same name, for example a son of king Meskalamdug and queen Nibanda. Julian Reade has suggested that tomb PG 755 was the tomb of a "Prince Meskalamdug", and that the actual tomb of the King Meskalamdug, known from seal U 11751, was tomb PG 789. Alternatively, it may be more likely that the Meskalamdug of the inscriptions in tomb PG 755, and the Meskalamdug of the royal seal are simply the same person, who took the royal title "lugal" at a late stage of his life.
An alternative: the "King's grave" (tomb PG 789).
According to Julian Reade, tomb PG 755 was the tomb of a "Prince Meskalamdug", but the actual tomb of King Meskalamdug, known from seal U 11751, is more likely to be royal tomb PG 789. This tomb has been called "the King's grave", where the remains of numerous royal attendants and many beautiful objects were recovered, and is located right next to the tomb of Queen Puabi, thought to be the second wife of King Meskalamdug.

</doc>
<doc id="6989617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989617" title="In My Bed (Dru Hill song)">
In My Bed (Dru Hill song)

"In My Bed" is a song by American R&amp;B group Dru Hill. It is the second single from their eponymous debut album. The remix was released in 1997 and features both Jermaine Dupri (who also produced the track) and Da Brat. The remix sampled Le Pamplemousse's "Gimme What You Got" (1976). 
The single spent three weeks at number-one on the US R&amp;B chart and peaked at number four on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. The song is performed by group leader Mark "Sisqó" Andrews. The song appears in 2008 video game Grand Theft Auto IV.
Music video.
The original music video was directed by Bille Woodruff. The So So Def music video remix was released in May 1997 and was directed by Darren Grant. The music video focuses on Sisqó's girlfriend, who possibly cheats on him with another man, but Sisqó doesn't know anything about it. At the end of the video, Sisqó goes to his house with a bouquet of flowers for his girlfriend when he sees a guy walking out. He goes inside and sadly finds her in bed with a woman and drops the flowers in heartbreak. He leaves the house for a few seconds and goes back in.

</doc>
<doc id="6989618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989618" title="Canna 'Queen Helena'">
Canna 'Queen Helena'



</doc>
<doc id="6989620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989620" title="Matthew Booth (actor)">
Matthew Booth (actor)

Matthew James Booth is an English actor from Normanton, West Yorkshire. He is well known for playing the role of postman Paul Marsden on ITV's "Emmerdale" from 2003 until the character's death in 2004. He has also appeared in Coronation Street, At Home with the Braithwaites, The Royal, The Ward and Hollyoaks. He is a lifelong fan of Manchester United F.C. and once appeared in a Vodafone commercial with David Beckham.

</doc>
<doc id="6989621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989621" title="Pabellón Polideportivo Artaleku">
Pabellón Polideportivo Artaleku

Pabellón Polideportivo Artaleku is an arena in Irun, Spain. It is primarily used for team handball and is the home arena of CD Bidasoa. The arena holds 2,200 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6989623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989623" title="Peronal computer">
Peronal computer



</doc>
<doc id="6989624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989624" title="A. Custine">
A. Custine



</doc>
<doc id="6989625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989625" title="Jim Armstrong (guitarist)">
Jim Armstrong (guitarist)

James Armstrong (born 24 July 1944) is a guitarist from Northern Ireland.
Armstrong's musical career started while he was still a schoolboy, when he played in Belfast's top showband, The Melotones, who were resident in the city's Romano's Ballroom. Armstrong played and recorded in the mid-'60s with Van Morrison and Them, touring both Europe and America (where he lived – playing and recording – for 4 years). Of the 51 tracks recorded by Morrison and Them (1964–66), Armstrong played on over half, and while living in America met and played with Jim Morrison &amp; The Doors, Captain Beefheart and Frank Zappa. During this time he was voted 3rd best guitarist in the world (after Jimi Hendrix &amp; Frank Zappa).
After leaving Them in 1969 Armstrong again teamed up with vocalist Kenny McDowell (who had replaced Van Morrison) in Sk'Boo, alongside Ricky McCutcheon and Colm Connolly. Then he and McDowell (born Kenneth McDowell, 21 December 1944, in Belfast, Co Antrim) formed the band Truth (1969–71) in Chicago with bassist Curtis Bachman (ex The Buckinghams) and drummer Reno Smith (ex Baby Huey &amp; the Babysitters). They also added ex-Them keyboards/vibes/flute/sax player Ray Elliott (born Raymond Elliott, 13 September 1943, in Belfast, Co Antrim). In the late '70s, after playing with McDowell in Spike, Jim Armstrong was guitarist with Northern Irish rock outfit Light. Armstrong and his 'Light' bandmate Brian Scott also played in a brief 'Them' tour of Germany in 1979. In the 1980s, Amstrong and McDowell performed with a reformed Sk'Boo. It was with Sk'Boo that he regularly played Belfast's Errigle Inn.
At home in Northern Ireland where he worked for the civil service, he was a sought after session musician, and has been involved in many locally produced records and projects with Ulster Television, BBC Television and other radio stations. After touring for nine years with one of the many incarnations of 'Them – The Belfast Blues Band' in the 1990s with Eric Wrixon (the person who gave 'Them' their name, but never toured with the original band), he formed the Jim Armstrong Band with Scottish singer and harp player Jim Gilchrist, bass player Ali McKenzie (ex Belfast Blues Band) and drummer Siggi Heilek (ex Belfast Blues Band). He has played a huge variety of music in his time but blues is his main love. He is currently (2015) living in Las Vegas, having moved to the U.S. following a health glitch when touring with his Jim Armstrong Band in Germany.
Notes.
Armstrong owned a 1959 Gibson Les Paul bought in America when touring with Them in 1968, and now owned and used frequently by Mike McCready of the rock group Pearl Jam.

</doc>
<doc id="6989628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989628" title="A. A. Fet">
A. A. Fet



</doc>
<doc id="6989631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989631" title="Palacio de los Deportes de La Rioja">
Palacio de los Deportes de La Rioja

Palacio de los Deportes de La Rioja is an arena in Logroño, Spain. The arena holds 3,809 people, expandable to 4,500 people with additional seats.
It is primarily used for handball and basketball. This is the home arena of CB Ciudad de Logroño and CB Clavijo.

</doc>
<doc id="6989632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989632" title="Canna Queen Helena">
Canna Queen Helena



</doc>
<doc id="6989638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989638" title="Per-Hop Behavior">
Per-Hop Behavior



</doc>
<doc id="6989641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989641" title="Schtick coma">
Schtick coma



</doc>
<doc id="6989643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989643" title="Do Androids Dream of Electric Beats?">
Do Androids Dream of Electric Beats?



</doc>
<doc id="6989644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989644" title="UPOP">
UPOP



</doc>
<doc id="6989645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989645" title="Pabellón Polideportivo O´Gatañal">
Pabellón Polideportivo O´Gatañal



</doc>
<doc id="6989647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989647" title="U POP">
U POP



</doc>
<doc id="6989650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989650" title="On &amp; On (Erykah Badu song)">
On &amp; On (Erykah Badu song)

"On &amp; On" is a song by American singer-songwriter Erykah Badu, released on December 10, 1996, by Kedar Records and Universal Records as the lead single from Badu's debut studio album, "Baduizm" (1997). It was written by her with JaBorn Jamal. A neo soul song, it features teachings of the Five-Percent Nation in its lyrics. A commercial success, it spent two weeks atop the US "Billboard" Hot R&amp;B Singles chart, while peaking at number 12 on both the "Billboard" Hot 100 and the UK Singles Chart. Critically acclaimed, the song won Best Female R&amp;B Vocal Performance at the 40th Annual Grammy Awards (1998). Its accompanying music video was nominated in the categories for Best Female Video and Best R&amp;B Video at the 1997 MTV Video Music Awards. In 2022, "Pitchfork" included "On &amp; On" in their list of "The 250 Best Songs of the 1990s".
Critical reception.
In a retrospective review, Patrick Corcoran of Albumism said that "with its talk of ciphers and cups of tea", 'On &amp; On' cast Badu "as serenely disassociated from the troubles and strife of the world, somehow able to rise above it all." Larry Flick from "Billboard" wrote, "While everyone else is trying to mimic Faith Evans and Mary J. Blige, newcomer Badu is going one step further. She is taking the jeep-soul concept and expanding it with her own new ideas. With the aid of producers Bob Power and Jamal Cantero, she infuses elements of African culture with a touch of Middle-Eastern vocal flavor. The result is a refreshing and adventurous single that could easily lure hard-core hip-hop kids—and their parents, too. This bodes extremely well for the creative depth and commercial reach of the forthcoming album "Baduizm"." 
Ralph Tee from "Music Week"'s "RM" Dance Update gave the song four out of five, noting that Badu "sounds a touch like a young Ella Fitzgerald on this sparse but effective debut. Booming bass, jazzy keyboards and percussion hold the track together, this not being the most typical of R&amp;B records but a healthy alternative to the hip hop/swing side of soul that D'Angelo and Maxwell have already lapped into." David Fricke from "Rolling Stone" remarked the singer's "battered but steady-rollin' pride" on the track. Eric Henderson from "Slant Magazine" viewed it as "mystic", writing, "'On &amp; On' is, in practice, little more than a dinosaur heartbeat synchronized with that low-end-theory bassline, were it not for Badu's minor-key epigrams drifting like stray gauze throughout."
Music video.
Erykah Badu is depicted as a maid in a black family household in the accompanying music video for the single, showing her doing her chores. Scenes of her chasing a dog that bit the laundry that she put to dry, tying a little girl's hair into a ponytail and falling into mud could be seen throughout the video. The video ends with Badu dressed fully in green with several people in a farm, singing and dancing. The video is loosely based upon the 1985 film adaptation of Alice Walker's "The Color Purple". The video was also nominated at the 1997 MTV Video Music Awards, including Best Female Video and Best R&amp;B Video.
Impact and legacy.
In 2011, "Slant Magazine" ranked the song number 46 in their list of "The 100 Best Singles of the 1990s", writing, "Boasting the roundest bassline since Digable Planets got cool like dat, "On &amp; On" is Erykah Badu's mission statement from a higher plane. Her money might be gone, she might be all alone, but she's feeling high and mighty, and the siren song pours forth from her honeyed lips like a fount of alien wisdom. Backed by a languorously snapping, swinging backbeat and expansive, half-heard piano chords that repeatedly collapse back on themselves, "On &amp; On" is as sonically introspective as its creator, a woman who can believably claim to have walked the entire cipher of Earth, clear her throat, utter "Goddammit, I'ma sing my song," and still seem like she's hiding more than she's revealing." In 2017, "Billboard" ranked it number 43 in their list of "The 100 Greatest Pop Songs of 1997". In 2022, "Pitchfork" ranked it number 56 in their list of "The 250 Best Songs of the 1990s".

</doc>
<doc id="6989658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989658" title="Pabellón Polideportivo Ipurua">
Pabellón Polideportivo Ipurua

Pabellón Polideportivo Ipurua is an arena in Eibar, Spain. It is primarily used for team handball and is the home arena of JD Arrate. The arena holds 3,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6989659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989659" title="Savva Mamontov">
Savva Mamontov

Savva Ivanovich Mamontov (, ; , Yalutorovsk – 6 April 1918, Moscow) was a Russian industrialist, merchant, entrepreneur and patron of the arts.
Business career.
He was a son of the wealthy merchant and industrialist Ivan Feodorovich Mamontov and Maria Tikhonovna (Lakhitina). In 1841, the family moved to Moscow. From 1852, he studied in St. Petersburg, and later at the Moscow University. In 1862 his father sent him to Baku to engage in business with the elder Mamontov's Trans-Caspian Trade Partnership.
In 1864, Savva visited Italy where he began to take lessons in singing. There he was introduced to the daughter of Moscow merchant Grigory Sapozhnikov, 17-year-old Elizabeth, who subsequently became his wife. The wedding took place in 1865 at the Kireevo estate, near Khimki, just northwest of Moscow.
Upon his father's death in 1869, he succeeded to his share in the Moscow-Yaroslavl Railway, and at the recommendation of his father's friend, Fedor Vasilyevich Chizhov, he was elected a director of the company. In 1872 he was elected its chairman.
The extension of the railway from Sergiev Posad to Yaroslavl, begun in 1868, was opened for traffic on 18 February (2 March N.S.) 1870. A narrow-gauge branch from Uroch station to Vologda was opened on 20 June (2 July) 1872, followed by the Alexandrov-Karabanovo branch in 1877 and the Yaroslavl-Kostroma line in 1887. Mamontov also supervised the construction of the Donets Coal Railway (now Donets Railway), which connected a network of sparsely populated mining villages with the port of Mariupol, between 1875 and 1878.
Patron of the arts.
In 1870, Mamontov purchased the Abramtsevo Estate, located north of Moscow, and founded there an artists' colony which included most of the best Russian artists of the late 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century, such as Konstantin Korovin, Rafail Levitsky, Mikhail Nesterov, Ilya Repin, Vasily Polenov, Valentin Serov, Mikhail Vrubel, the brothers Vasnetsov, sculptors Viktor Hartmann and Mark Antokolsky, as well as various others. The colony of artists who were hosted there during the 1870s and 1880s sought to recapture the quality and spirit of medieval Russian art. Several workshops were set up there to produce handmade furniture, ceramic tiles, and silks imbued with traditional Russian imagery and themes.
Mamontov also patronised the Russian Private Opera, which discovered the great Russian bass, Feodor Chaliapin, and supported the Russian opera composers, Pyotr Tchaikovsky, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, Alexander Borodin, Modest Musorgsky, and many others. Drama and opera on Russian folklore themes (e.g., Rimsky-Korsakov's "The Snow Maiden") were produced at Abramtsevo by the likes of Konstantin Stanislavsky, with sets contributed by the brothers Vasnetsov, Mikhail Vrubel, and other distinguished artists. The Russian Private Opera was Mamontov's main contribution to the arts. Mamontov acted as a stage director, a conductor and a teacher of singing. The success of the Private Opera in the provinces was followed by a triumph in Moscow.
Downfall.
Mamontov's world came crashing down when, in 1899, an audit revealed that his factories had been improved since 1890 with funds from the railway, a course of action that was contrary to law. He was compelled to resign as chairman of the railway on 30 July (11 August) 1899. (The railway company was taken over by the Imperial Ministry of Treasury on 1 (14) April 1900.) Unable to pay his creditors, he began to sell off assets to raise funds, but this course was brought to an abrupt end on 11 (23) September 1899 when he was arrested and lodged in Taganka Prison in Moscow. Mamontov was unjustly accused of embezzlement; he was released from custody early in 1900, and at his trial in June 1900, defended by , he was acquitted. Acquittal did not avert his financial ruin, for on 7 (20) July 1900 he was declared insolvent by the Moscow District Court, and his property was sold at public auction.
Savva Ivanovich Mamontov died in Abramtsevo after a long illness on 6 April 1918.
Popular culture.
Third Eye Blind's song "Monotov's Private Opera" from the album "Ursa Major" is inspired by Mamontov's private opera.

</doc>
<doc id="6989660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989660" title="W. Weitling">
W. Weitling



</doc>
<doc id="6989664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989664" title="Municipal de Deportes">
Municipal de Deportes



</doc>
<doc id="6989667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989667" title="Hi-De-Hi!">
Hi-De-Hi!



</doc>
<doc id="6989672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989672" title="Geronimo Barbadillo">
Geronimo Barbadillo



</doc>
<doc id="6989673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989673" title="H. W. Wackenroder">
H. W. Wackenroder



</doc>
<doc id="6989678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989678" title="Ring fence">
Ring fence



</doc>
<doc id="6989679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989679" title="Palacio de los Deportes de Torrevieja">
Palacio de los Deportes de Torrevieja

Palacio de los Deportes de Torrevieja is an arena in Torrevieja, Spain. It is primarily used for team handball and is the home arena of CB Torrevieja. The arena holds 4,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6989683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989683" title="Duff baronets">
Duff baronets

There have been three creations of baronets with the surname Duff, all in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. Two of the creations are extinct while one is extant.
Assheton-Smith, later Duff baronets, of Vaynol Park (1911).
The Assheton-Smith, later Duff Baronetcy, of Vaynol Park in the County of Carnarfon, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 1 August 1911 for Charles Garden Assheton-Smith. The title became extinct on the death of the third Baronet in 1980.
Duff baronets, of Hatton (1952).
The Duff Baronetcy, of Hatton in the County of Aberdeen, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 3 July 1952 for Garden Beauchamp Duff. He was a descendant of Garden William Duff, whose younger brother Robert George Duff was the ancestor of 1911 baronets of Vaynoll Park. The Earls Fife were members of another branch of this family. The title became extinct on Sir Garden Beauchamp Duff's death in 1952.
Duff, later Duff-Gordon baronets, of Halkin (1813).
For more information on this creation, see Duff-Gordon baronets.

</doc>
<doc id="6989687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989687" title="Equine Influenza">
Equine Influenza



</doc>
<doc id="6989689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989689" title="Polideportivo Huerta del Rey">
Polideportivo Huerta del Rey

Polideportivo Huerta del Rey is an arena located in Valladolid, Spain. It is primarily used for team handball and is the home arena of BM Atlético Valladolid and BM Aula Cultural. From 1976 to 1985 it was the home of CB Valladolid in basketball, before moving to the Pabellón Polideportivo Pisuerga which is used by the handball team for European matches. The arena holds 3,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6989694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989694" title="Mark Collier">
Mark Collier

Mark Collier is a former British business executive and fintech entrepreneur, best known for his leadership at Charles Schwab Europe and for co-founding Investia Ltd., a financial technology company that played a formative role in the early development of online investment platforms in Europe. He later served as chairman and chief executive officer of FundsHub, a fund supermarket jointly launched by Investia and Chase Manhattan Bank.
Career.
Following a number of international executive positions, Collier joined Fidelity Investments in 1987 as managing director, before eventually becoming President of the Fidelity Investor Advisor Group in 1993.
In 1996, Collier resigned from his position at Fidelity to become CEO of Charles Schwab International. According to "The Wall Street Journal", he was appointed to lead Schwab's European operations as part of a broader expansion strategy.
By the late 1990s, he was serving as President of Charles Schwab Europe, where he helped expand the firm's brokerage operations into the UK market. In 1998, he oversaw the launch of a touchtone trading platform designed to give UK retail investors access to automated share trading by phone - a first in the region at the time. Collier described the innovation as part of Schwab's aim to replicate its U.S. model in Europe.
In 1998, Collier left Schwab to co-found Investia Ltd, a UK-based financial technology company focused on mutual fund distribution. With a team of engineers from firms such as Sun Microsystems and Fidelity, Investia developed Javelin, a web-enabled platform designed to connect fund managers with banks and financial advisors. The system used a modular architecture with APIs and FIX-based messaging, enabling cross-border fund transactions for both retail and institutional markets.
In 2000, Investia partnered with Chase Manhattan Bank to create FundsHub, an outsourced investment platform for banks and insurers. Collier became chairman and CEO of the joint venture. The platform was described at the time as a strategic attempt to transform fund distribution in Europe by enabling financial institutions to offer online investment services under their own brands.
FundsHub was eventually acquired by JPMorgan Chase in 2002, which bought out Investia's stake in the platform. The transaction marked a successful exit for Investia and was reported in industry publications including "Global Custodian".
In subsequent years, Investia continued developing technology products for investment processing. In 2003, the company launched a platform implementing the new SWIFT XML message standards, automating the entire fund trade lifecycle - from order entry to settlement and custody - and connecting with infrastructure providers such as Clearstream and Euroclear. Investia also joined the SWIFT Partners Investment Funds Automation Working Group (SPIFA).
Collier was frequently referenced in financial publications during the late 1990s and early 2000s in connection with his work at Investia and FundsHub. In 1999, he was quoted in "The Independent" discussing the potential of online fund platforms in Europe. His work was also covered by "Euromoney", "Financial News", "Finextra", and "Investment Week".
Later career.
In later years, Collier held advisory and non-executive positions at several companies in the financial services and private equity sectors, including roles at Alexander Forbes, Assupol, Sigma Pensions, Bajaj Capital, XP Investimentos, and Duddell Street Acquisition Corp.

</doc>
<doc id="6989695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989695" title="Koichi Kido">
Koichi Kido



</doc>
<doc id="6989697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989697" title="Duff-Gordon baronets">
Duff-Gordon baronets

The Duff (later Duff-Gordon) baronetcy, of Halkin in the County of Aberdeen, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 12 November 1813 for James Duff, British Consul in Cádiz, with remainder to his nephew, William Gordon. 
Duff died unmarried in 1815 and was succeeded according to the special remainder by his nephew, the 2nd Baronet, who assumed the additional surname of Duff on succeeding to the title. He was the second son of Lord Rockville, fourth son of the 2nd Earl of Aberdeen. Duff-Gordon sat as Member of Parliament for Worcester.
Lucy, Lady Duff-Gordon, wife of the fifth Baronet, was a leading fashion designer; and, together with her sister Elinor Glyn, was one of the original 'It' girls.

</doc>
<doc id="6989700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989700" title="Dausa Lok Sabha constituency">
Dausa Lok Sabha constituency

Dausa Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 25 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Rajasthan state in India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Dausa Lok Sabha constituency comprises eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments. These are: 
Election results.
2004.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6989709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989709" title="Grass sickness">
Grass sickness

Grass sickness, alternatively termed equine dysautonomia, is a rare but predominantly fatal illness in horses. Grass sickness may affect all types of horse, pony and donkey, and has affected some well known horses including the thoroughbred stallions Dubai Millennium, Moorestyle and Mister Baileys.
Clinical signs.
Grass sickness is a polyneuropathy affecting the central, peripheral and enteric nervous systems. The majority of visible clinical signs are related to paralysis within the digestive tract although nerve damage occurs throughout the body. There are three forms of grass sickness:
Clinical signs common to all subsets include: depression, anorexia, colic (moderate with AGS/SAGS and mild with CGS), paralysis of the intestines, excess salivation, constipation, nasogastric fluid secretion, patchy sweating, muscle tremors and eyelid drooping.
Cause.
The cause remains unknown, but the toxin produced from the bacterium "Clostridium botulinum" type C may be involved.
"Clostridium botulinum" is a soil-borne bacterium, which may be better known for producing clinical signs of botulism. It may cause grass sickness when the spores of "C. botulinum" type C are ingested and produce their toxin locally within the intestine.
It is also linked to pasture mycotoxicosis, which comprises a very large and diverse population of fungi.
The Dick Vet research finally isolated a neurotoxic enzyme similar to the snake venom and discovered it as the probable cause of the sickness.
Risk factors.
The main risk factor for grass sickness, as the name may suggest, is grass. The disease is almost always seen in grazing animals, although there are isolated reports of the condition occurring in stabled horses. Grass sickness is most frequently seen in young horses aged between two and seven, and is particularly prevalent during April, May and June, and later in the autumn, after a spurt of grass growth.
Diagnosis.
Diagnosis of grass sickness in the live animal requires a thorough clinical examination including a rectal examination. Definitive diagnosis can only be made at surgery (where biopsies of the gut are taken) or at post-mortem (where samples from the nerves are taken). However it is commonly misdiagnosed due to a lack of understanding and limited research. Differential diagnoses for grass sickness are varied and include any other cause of colic and weight loss, tying-up, laminitis, botulism, choke and dental problems.
Treatment.
There is no treatment for grass sickness. A proportion of EGS cases survive following periods of intensive nursing. Overall, the mortality rate of equine grass sickness is over 95%.
History.
The first cases of grass sickness were recorded in eastern Scotland in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="6989710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989710" title="The Boy with a Thorn in His Side">
The Boy with a Thorn in His Side

The Boy with a Thorn in His Side is a 2005 comedy film, produced and directed by Mark Jeavonsa as his feature film debut, and starring Alec Sedgley as Billy Heinlickburger.
Background.
"Boy With A Thorn" was shot in Birmingham and Wolverhampton in the West Midlands, England over a period of 17 days, because that was the length of time director Mark Jeavonsa was allowed to use the equipment. The director relates that he devoted most of 2004 in preparing to make the film, spending the first half of the year seeking funding for a feature before learning about the government-funded 'Media Vault' program that would allow West Midlands filmmakers access to filming equipment, but for only 17 days. The first draft of the film had been written in 2001. After arranging for the use of the equipment for a period three months later, he re-wrote the draft to create it as a project that could be shot within his time constraints and began his pre-production and casting.
The film premiered 18 May 2009 at the Cannes Film Festival, and later screened at independent cinemas in the United Kingdom
Synopsis.
Billy Heinlickburger (Alec Sedgley) is 18, has no job, and no friends. He daydreams about a becoming rock star or artist or best-selling author, but fails to follow through with any of his aspirations due to his not wanting to work. He wishes to get back together with his slightly older ex-girlfriend, Susan (Morgan Lees). She has moved forward with her life, but agrees to a few dates anyway. Billy's German parents, Jurgen Heinlickburger (Graham Pollard) and Gertrude Heinlickburger (Sue Kimberley), are both eccentric. Jurgen has for 30 years maintained a monotonous diet of Spam sandwiches and raw carrots. Gertrude is simply and totally paranoid about everything. But they both pressure Billy continually to leave home and get a job. This constant friction forces Billy to decide once and for all if he will change his ways. 
Reception.
"Microfilmmaker Magazine" wrote that this was an interesting story, in that it could apply to many different person's lives. They offered that "Alec Sedgley did a good job at portraying the rather lazy and childish Billy", due to his seeming to personally understand the problems and frustrations faced by a young adult. They also offered that actress Morgan Lees did a good job as Susan in her "portraying the sympathetic and down-to-earth ex-girlfriend, who is trying to be encouraging." They also approved of Neil Harris' portrayal of Susan's roommate Felix who, even though verbally referred to in context as a boyfriend to her, dresses and acts in a flamboyant manner leading viewers to assume Felix was more interested in men than in women. Itwa stressed though that the best acting in the film was done by Graham Pollard and Sue Kimberley in their portrayal of Billy's very odd German parents.

</doc>
<doc id="6989714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989714" title="Spiral computed tomography">
Spiral computed tomography



</doc>
<doc id="6989717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989717" title="Agreement Among the States to Elect the President by National Popular Vote">
Agreement Among the States to Elect the President by National Popular Vote



</doc>
<doc id="6989729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989729" title="K. Vogt">
K. Vogt



</doc>
<doc id="6989734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989734" title="Richard Misrach">
Richard Misrach

Richard Misrach (born 1949) is an American photographer. He has photographed the deserts of the American West, and pursued projects that document the changes in the natural environment that have been wrought by various man-made factors such as urban sprawl, tourism, industrialization, floods, fires, petrochemical manufacturing, and the testing of explosives and nuclear weapons by the military. Curator Anne Wilkes Tucker writes that Misrach's practice has been "driven [by] issues of aesthetics, politics, ecology, and sociology." In a 2011 interview, Misrach noted: "My career, in a way, has been about navigating these two extremes - the political and the aesthetic."
Describing his philosophy, Tracey Taylor of "The New York Times" writes that "[Misrach's] images are for the historical record, not reportage." David Littlejohn of "The Wall Street Journal" called Misrach "the most interesting and original photographer of his generation." Littlejohn noted Misrach's work in a large scale, color format that defied the prior expectations of fine art photography.
Early life and education.
Misrach was born in 1949 in Los Angeles, California. In 1967 he left Los Angeles for the University of California, Berkeley, where he obtained a B.A. in Psychology after briefly pursuing a degree in Mathematics. While on campus he was confronted with the anti-war riots and began photographing the events around him; he also learned the rudiments of photography with Paul Herzoff, Roger Minick, and Steve Fitch at the ASUC Berkeley Studio.
Early work.
Misrach's first major photography project, completed in 1974, depicted homeless residents of Telegraph Avenue in Berkeley, California. This suite of photographs was shown at the International Center of Photography and published as a book, "Telegraph 3 AM," which won a Western Book Award in 1975.
Having hoped that "Telegraph 3 AM" would help improve life on the streets, Misrach was frustrated by the book's minimal impact and retreated to the deserts of Southern California, Arizona, and Baja California, where he took photographs devoid of human figures entirely. Working at night with a strobe that illuminated the landscape around him, he experimented with unusual printing techniques in the university darkroom and created richly hued, split-toned silver prints. A resulting 1979 book was published without a title or a single word of accompanying text besides nominal identifying information on the book's spine. In 1976 he traveled to Stonehenge to continue his split-toned night studies, and in 1978 he began working in color on journeys to Greece, Louisiana, and Hawaii.
The "Desert Cantos".
As Misrach's longest-running and most ambitious project, the "Desert Cantos", an ongoing series of photographs of deserts, may be considered the photographer's magnum opus. Begun in 1979 with a Deardorff 8×10" view camera, the series is ongoing and numbers 42 cantos as of 2022.
Misrach's use of the term "canto" was inspired in part by the cantos of Ezra Pound; in a 1989 article in "Creative Camera", Gerry Badger elaborates:
The Italian term "canto" was used to denote that the vast enterprise has been broken down into individual thematic essays or "cantos," which together make up the whole work, or "song cycle." Some of these cantos consist of only a few images, while others run into hundreds. Some may be regarded as "documentary" in mode, some more metaphorical. Some may be considered aesthetic in intent, some "political" – though as an ambitious and intelligent photographer, aesthetics are never pursued at the expense of politics, or vice versa. Misrach's goal may be said to be a search for the photographic Holy Grail, to fuse reportage with poetry. To progress – as he put it – "from the descriptive and the informative to a metaphorical resolution."
A 2013 review in "Architectural Digest" compares Misrach's desert images to the work of "Carleton Watkins, Timothy O'Sullivan, and other 19th-century itinerant photographers," noting that while "sublimely beautiful, Misrach's prints are also imbued with disquieting undercurrents." Beginning with "The Terrain," in which images of apparently untouched wilderness are punctuated by human elements such as a lone telephone pole or a train, the "Cantos" include spectacles like the space shuttle landing ("The Event") and car racing ("The Salt Flats"), man-made fires and floods like the Salton Sea ("The Flood") and desert seas created by the damming of rivers, as well as color-field studies of empty skies ("The Skies"). Images of military training and testing sites feature extensively in the "Cantos" and the series' corresponding publications: "The War" resulted in the 1991 book "Bravo 20: The Bombing of the American West", co-authored by Myriam Weisang Misrach, and nuclear testing was addressed in "Violent Legacies", published in 1992. "The Pit" documented mass graves of dead animals in the Nevada desert while "Pictures of Paintings" focused on the representation of the western landscape in museums across the American West. "The Playboys" depicted issues of "Playboy", discovered by the photographer at a military site, that had been used for target practice.
Badger suggests that Misrach's "Cantos" have an antecedent in the work of Depression-era documentary photographer Lewis Hine, writing that with the "Cantos", Misrach
...has attempted a project of immense ambition – possibly one of the most ambitious in the history of the medium – compounded of many ideas, existing on different levels, and subject to profound shifts in subject and mood. He must be judged on the "Desert Cantos" as a totality, the sum rather than the individual parts... I regard the "Desert Cantos" as one of the most important photographic enterprises of the nineteen-eighties and nineties.
The "Los Angeles Times" quotes Misrach regarding the "Cantos":
The desert ... may serve better as the backdrop for the problematic relationship between man and the environment. The human struggle, the successes ... both noble and foolish, are readily apparent in the desert. Symbols and relationships seem to arise that stand for the human condition itself.
"Desert Canto XXXVIII: Premonitions" (2009-2016) and "Desert Canto XXXIX: The Writing On the Wall" (2017-).
In one of the most recent "Desert Cantos," Misrach examines a polarizing and anxious moment in American history, using both a large-format digital camera and his iPhone to document graffiti left on abandoned buildings and rock walls throughout Southern California and the greater Southwest. "Desert Canto XXXVIII: Premonitions" (2009-2016) suggests a disturbing and dystopian climate which "in hindsight...led to the Trump election" while "Desert Canto XXXIX: The Writing On the Wall" (2017-), photographed after the 2016 election, captures an "election-engendered dialogue in graffiti form."
"Desert Canto LV: Art in the West".
As part of Misrach‘s exploration of land art in the desert, he photographed Nancy Holt's Sun Tunnels in 1988. That work is part of a 2022 traveling exhibition, Nancy Holt/ Inside Outside, and was published in a Blind Spot monograph. 
The Oakland–Berkeley fire and Hurricane Katrina.
In October 1991, a firestorm raged in the Oakland–Berkeley hills, killing 25 people, wounding 150 and destroying over 3,500 dwellings. This fire – one of the worst in California's history – happened a few miles from Misrach's studio and the photographer visited the site a few weeks later, taking hundreds of pictures. However, out of respect for the victims of the fire, he put the work away for two decades. "1991: The Oakland–Berkeley Fire Aftermath: Photographs by Richard Misrach," an exhibition of Misrach's photographs of the firestorm's aftermath, was finally shown for the first time concurrently by the Berkeley Art Museum and the Oakland Museum of California in 2011. These exhibits included handcrafted elegy books in which visitors shared their recollections, a video story booth for recording memories, and an open-microphone meetings. The collected responses from local residents, as well as the prints — sets of which Misrach donated to the museums — were kept in the collections.
To date, the majority of Misrach's large-format documentary images of New Orleans and the Gulf Coast taken immediately after Hurricane Katrina have not been shown, with the exception of "Destroy this Memory", a book published five years after the disaster, consisting entirely of pocket-camera pictures of messages left on houses, cars, and trees by survivors of the hurricane. A "Los Angeles Times" review called the book "a raw testament, shot between October and December 2005, just after the waters began to recede but the emotions had certainly not. Without captions or a contextual introduction to detract from the potency of the photographs themselves, the book is a powerful document allowing survivors to speak eloquently for themselves — even in absentia." Proceeds from "Destroy this Memory" were donated to the Make It Right Foundation to help rebuild the city's Lower Ninth Ward. Complete sets of the photographs were also donated to five museums—the Museum of Modern Art, the National Gallery of Art, the New Orleans Museum of Art, the Houston Museum of Fine Arts and the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
Golden Gate Bridge and "Petrochemical America".
When Misrach moved to a house in the Berkeley hills in 1997, he was inspired by the spectacle of weather and light surrounding the Golden Gate Bridge, which sat only seven miles from his front porch. For four years he photographed the bridge from the same location and with the same vantage point under different climate conditions.
Concurrently, Misrach was working in Louisiana, following a commission he received from the High Museum of Art in Atlanta. In 1998, he began documenting "Cancer Alley," a stretch along the Mississippi River between Baton Rouge and New Orleans that is home to over 135 manufacturing plants and refineries. The resulting images were exhibited as part of the "Picturing the South" series at the High Museum. He resumed photographing the area in 2010 and completed the series in 2012 with another exhibition at the High Museum, "Revisiting the South," and the publication of" Petrochemical America", a book pairing Misrach's images with an "ecological atlas" by architect and Columbia University professor Kate Orff. Orff's writing and infographic-style work in the book articulate the complex industrial, economic, ecological, and historical problems that inevitably gave rise to the places featured in Misrach's photographs. A wall-sized image of contaminated wasteland depicting "Cancer Alley" was featured in "Picturing the South: 25 Years", on view at the High Museum of Art in 2021.
"On the Beach" and "On the Beach 2.0".
In January 2002, following an exploratory trip in November 2001, Misrach started his "On the Beach" project, consisting of serial photographs taken from the same building overlooking a beach in Hawaii. The project's title refers to the Cold War-era Nevil Shute book and subsequent 1959 sci-fi movie, "On the Beach", in which survivors in Australia await an oncoming nuclear fallout. According to "Smithsonian" magazine, the series was "deeply influenced by the events of September 11, 2001;" the aerial perspectives of figures suspended in the ocean or on the beach reminded Misrach of news photographs of people falling from the twin towers.
The resulting photographs were very large: "Smithsonian" reports that "the largest measure six by ten feet and are so detailed you can read the headlines on a beachgoer's newspaper." The beach images "seem much more beautiful, almost in a way more soft than some of his other work," writes Sarah Greenough, photography curator at the National Gallery of Art: "After you look at them for a while, though, they are hardly soft at all. There really is something very ominous going on." Misrach also captured people in action – a man tossing a woman through the air or someone doing a headstand in the water – which was especially noteworthy given the time-consuming and cumbersome view camera used. The photographer has said that the work is of a piece with his usual focus on humanity and the environment, but "it is much more about our relationship to the bigger, sublime picture of things."
Misrach completed the series in 2005 and went on to publish a large-format book called "On the Beach" in 2007, voted by Photo District News readers as one of the most influential books of the decade.
Returning to the same beach while on vacation in late 2011 with a new digital camera, he began working at the same location but with a different intent and mood: the artist says he was becoming "more comfortable with metaphysical questions," and the subjects of his 2011 images appear at play and in harmony with nature. The title of the series, "On the Beach 2.0", alludes to the fact that the photographs are grounded in their technological moment in time – as do the individual titles, which refer to the date and exact minute of each shot.
Conversely, reviewer Allegra Kirkland points out that parts of this body of work are the closest Misrach has come to traditional portraiture since "Telegraph 3 AM". The use of a digital camera and a telephoto lens introduced a new degree of speed and proximity to the artist's shooting methods; although faces are often obscured by a towel or magazine, many of the images in "On The Beach 2.0" might still be considered gestural portraits.
Kirkland writes: "The ["On The Beach 2.0"] series is about waiting and what happens when you do—the strange, small, secret moments that compose life... Ten years after the debut of the original project, Misrach seems to be affirming that man and nature do not always have to exist in opposition."
Reverse photographs and iPhone images.
Recently, as an homage to the end of the analog era, Misrach has created a number of reverse images, essentially presenting large prints in their negative form: "The colors are reversed when output as pigment prints, making the photographs chromatic negatives... With his new work, Misrach appears determined to renew that sense of unfamiliarity—to revive the idea that color is unreliable, artificial." ("Art in America")
While making enormous large-scale prints, Misrach has also been experimenting with the relatively miniature, contemporary medium of cell phone photography; an exhibit of this work was shown in 2011, consisting entirely of small-scale color prints taken with an iPhone camera. Misrach "continues his examination of man's interaction with land and seascapes in these intimate and experimental images, [wherein] the artist revisits Bombay Beach, California, a flood zone where he [photographed] found objects and detritus – evidence of man's presence in the landscape. These compositions were also manipulated: positive becomes negative and objects are transformed in a reversed color spectrum."
In 2022, "Notations", a large monograph of these experimental color reverse photographs was published by Radius Books.
Border Cantos.
Misrach's "Border Cantos" series comprises photographs of the border between the U.S. and Mexico taken since 2004, and most extensively since 2009. In 2012 he began a collaboration with composer Guillermo Galindo, who manufactures playable instruments from objects found along the border. Misrach and Galindo have recovered artifacts from the border zone including water bottles, clothing, back-packs, Border Patrol "drag" tires, spent shotgun shells, ladders, and sections of the border wall itself, all of which have been transformed by Galindo into instrumental sculptures. The pair have produced the book "Border Cantos" (Aperture, 2016) and a museum exhibition that traveled to the San Jose Museum of Art, the Amon Carter Museum of Art, Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art, and Pace/PaceMacGill Gallery in New York (2016-2017). Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art has since acquired a number of pieces for their permanent collection and they are now traveling these pieces in an exhibit they call "Border Cantos | Sonic Border". This exhibit has been traveling since 2018 and has gone to over a dozen museums such as the Amarillo Museum of art, the Missoula Art Museum, the Westmoreland Museum of American Art and the Figge Art Museum. 
UCSF Nancy Friend Pritzker Psychiatry Building.
In 2019, Misrach was commissioned to produce all the art for a new UCSF psychiatry building in San Francisco. Mining his own archive of photographs, he produced over 120 works for the building which opened in fall 2022. 
Alonzo King LINES Ballet.
“Let Not Your Heart Be Troubled,” a collaboration between Alonzo King LINES Ballet, Grammy-winning singer Lisa Fisher and Misrach, had its world premiere in April 2023 in San Francisco before starting a traveling tour.
Awards.
Misrach's book "Desert Cantos" received the 1988 Infinity Award from the International Center for Photography, and his "Bravo 20: The Bombing of the American West", co-authored with Myriam Weisang Misrach, was awarded the 1991 PEN Center West Award for a nonfiction book. His Katrina monograph "Destroy This Memory" won Best Photobook of the Year 2011 at PhotoEspaña.
He has received four National Endowment for the Arts Fellowships, a Guggenheim Fellowship, an International Center of Photography Infinity Award for a Publication, and the Distinguished Career in Photography Award from the Los Angeles Center for Photographic Studies. In 2002 he was given the Kulturpreis for Lifetime Achievement in Photography by the German Society for Photography, and in 2008 he received the Lucie Award for Outstanding Achievement in Fine Art Photography.
Commissions.
In 2010, Apple licensed Misrach's 2004 image "Pyramid Lake (at Night)" as the inaugural wallpaper for the first iPad. The opening credits of the 2014 HBO series "True Detective" featured a montage of images from Misrach's "Petrochemical America".
In 2016, the AIGA selected "Border Cantos" for its "50 Books | 50 Covers" competition, a "survey of the best in book design represent[ing] perhaps the longest-standing legacy in American graphic design."
Personal life.
Misrach has been married since 1989 to writer Myriam Weisang and has a son, Jake, from his first marriage to Debra Bloomfield.
Exhibitions.
Misrach was part of the "Mirrors and Windows" exhibit, at the Museum of Modern Art in 1978. A solo show followed at the Musee d'Art Moderne, Beaubourg Center, Paris. He has been part of two Whitney Biennials, in 1981 and again in 1991. A major mid-career survey was organized by the Houston Museum of Fine Arts in 1996 and toured the United States; a smaller version appeared in Madrid and Bilbao, Spain. Beginning in 2007, the exhibit "On the Beach" traveled to museums nationwide, including the Art Institute of Chicago, the High Museum of Art in Atlanta, and the National Gallery of Art. In 2012/13, Misrach's "Cancer Alley" work was on view at the High Museum of Art and the Cantor Center at Stanford University, and was part of a traveling exhibition with Kate Orff. A selection of Misrach's series "Telegraph 3AM", the entirety of which is held in MoMA's collection, was on view as part of the exhibition "Living in the City", in 2021/22. 
Collections.
Misrach's work is held in the following public collections:

</doc>
<doc id="6989736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989736" title="Valerian Sokolov">
Valerian Sokolov

Valerian Sergeevich Sokolov (; born 30 August 1946) is a former Soviet bantamweight Olympic-class boxer who won the gold medal at the 1968 Summer Games. He trained at Dynamo in Cheboksary. Sokolov became the Honoured Master of Sports of the USSR in 1968 and was awarded the Order of the Badge of Honor in 1969. During his career he won 196 fights out of 216.
Sokolov started boxing in a club in 1963 and was unknown before 1968, when he suddenly won the national and Olympic titles. He proceeded to win Soviet championships in 1969, 1971 and 1973, finishing second in 1972, 1974 and 1975, but had no success internationally. He retired in 1975, and three years later graduated from the Leningrad Military Institute of Physical Culture with a degree in pedagogy. Between 1981 and 1986 he coached the Soviet national team; in 1998 he became chairman of the Coaches Committee of the Russian Boxing Federation, and later was responsible for martial arts at the Federal Agency for Sport in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="6989741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989741" title="Gheorghe Tataru">
Gheorghe Tataru



</doc>
<doc id="6989744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989744" title="Gilberto Ribeiro Goncalves">
Gilberto Ribeiro Goncalves



</doc>
<doc id="6989745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989745" title="Kosa (sports manufacturer)">
Kosa (sports manufacturer)

Kosa is a Swedish sports equipment manufacturer, situated in Motala, Sweden and mainly concentrated on equipment for bandy. Kosa is one of the leading brands in the sport, making bandy sticks, bandy balls, and other equipment.
Apart from manufacturing, Kosa also sponsor major teams in Sweden and Russia. Kosa also arrange cup tournaments for children, to interest more children for physical exercise in general and the sport of bandy in particular.;)

</doc>
<doc id="6989749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989749" title="Ossification of vomer">
Ossification of vomer



</doc>
<doc id="6989752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989752" title="Bharatpur Lok Sabha constituency">
Bharatpur Lok Sabha constituency

Bharatpur () is one of the 25 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Rajasthan state in India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Bharatpur Lok Sabha constituency comprises eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments. These are:
Election results.
2024.
 
 
 
 
 
2019.
 
2014.
 
2009.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6989755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989755" title="George Curca">
George Curca



</doc>
<doc id="6989756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989756" title="Headshaking">
Headshaking

Headshaking is a behaviour displayed by horses, where the horse continuously shakes its head vertically and/or horizontally. In the 1980s it was considered a bad behaviour, but instead it turned out to be a painful medical condition.
Minor head tossing is quite common in most horses as a response to insects and airborne irritants, however headshaking is a separate, severe issue. The headshaking needs veterinary attention if it occurs spontaneously with no sign of any external stimuli that may cause the motion. The behaviour is most commonly described as a vertical flicking of the head, as if an insect has flown up the animal's nostrils. Many horses also show nasal irritation and engage in rubbing or striking the muzzle off of stationary objects, such as walls and fences.
The behaviour is most commonly displayed while the horse is being led, lunged, or ridden, and typically subsides while the horse is at rest. This makes riding a horse with the syndrome dangerous, as they may begin to violently toss their heads and thus, throw off the rider's balance. Because of its prevalence during exercise, many riders incorrectly attribute headshaking to a behavioural problem or to poorly fitted tack.
Although other causes have been noted, the most common cause of headshaking is the neurological disorder known as trigeminal neuralgia. It has been found that many factors, such as environment, sex, and breed, contribute to the prevalence of the behaviour. Many treatments have been proposed to help control the symptoms of the condition, but a solution to cure the behaviour has yet to be found.
Causes.
Headshaking may be caused by a variety of medical issues, such as ear ticks or mites, dental diseases, airway abnormalities, skull trauma, sinusitis, etc. However, the most common and well-researched cause is trigeminal neuralgia, a neurological condition that affects the animal's trigeminal nerve and results in abnormal firing. The somatosensory- evoked potential was tested and is in healthy horses established at 10mA, while affected horses show a result of 5mA. Research shows that the infraorbital nerve branch of affected horses is sensitized and has an increased threshold compared with unaffected horses. The branch, therefore, has a lower firing threshold and can be triggered by various, even minor stimuli. But some seasonally affected horses seemed to have a normal threshold, when tested out of season. If the clinical symptoms are in fact connected to the threshold of the nerve, it holds the possibility of a reversible condition. 
The maxillary branch of the trigeminal nerve plays a major role in facial sensation, thus causing the horse to feel intense pain in the face and muzzle area. It was distinguished that there is no difference in the involvement of the left or right branch from the trigeminal nerve. The horse's pain is expressed in its obsessive headshaking and evasive behaviour. The condition is known as "trigeminal-mediated headshaking" or "facial pain syndrome". 
Diagnostic.
The veterinarian has to observe the horse during exercise, at rest and under the influence of different environments and possible triggers. It sometimes can be helpful to have video materials of the owner and observe the horse on different days, to distinguish certain triggers. 
After the inspection, the horse has to be examined for other causes of the headshaking not related to the trigeminal- nerve. 
Additional diagnostics should be considered as well. These include: 
Even though there can be a variety of different causes, 98% of the affected horses in need of veterinary care turned out to have no connection to external causes, leading to a connection to the trigeminal-nerve. 
Influences on prevalence.
Environmental triggers.
Research has shown that trigeminal-mediated headshaking may be triggered by various external factors, such as temperature, season, time of day, wind, light, and many others. Approximately 1.4% of horses are affected by headshaking and of those with the condition, 64% are affected seasonally. Light availability seems to play the biggest role in triggering the behaviour. Affected horses tend to experience more symptoms when outdoors on sunny days. Therefore, headshaking occurs most often during the spring and summer months when sunlight is more prevalent. This side of the syndrome is termed "photic headshaking" and is thought to occur due to the close proximity of the optic and trigeminal nerves. The symptoms of photic headshakers lessen when indoors and during the nighttime.
Headshaking appears to occur in horses all over the globe, but variations in the symptoms can be based on region. In the USA, 91% of affected horses were found to experience increased headshaking during the spring and early summer. While in the UK, only 39% of affected horses displayed worsened symptoms during only the spring and summer months, with more horses being affected during the spring, summer and fall.
Other individuals have been found to be triggered by the wind conditions, rain conditions, and the presence of loud sounds, although the reasoning behind these influences are currently unknown.
Age and sex.
Headshaking seems to be an acquired condition that develops during the prime of the horse's life. It affects a wide age range, but the majority of horses develop the behaviour after reaching maturity, usually between 6-10 years old. A larger percentage of geldings appear to be affected by the condition when compared to mares and stallions. In some studies, as high as 90% of headshakers were found to be geldings. It is thought that geldings may be more susceptible to headshaking, as they do not have testosterone feedback, therefore during the spring when horses typically mate, the gelding's gonadotropins will be incredibly heightened. The gonadotropins alter the sensitivity of the trigeminal nerve, making it unstable and more susceptible to stimuli.
Exercise.
Exercise can also influence the intensity of headshaking behaviour. Intense or more frequent exercise provides more stimulation to the brain causing increased firing of the trigeminal nerve. The increased airflow over the muzzle and nostrils while riding or lunging may also play a factor.
Breed and discipline.
Headshaking has been observed in a wide variety of horses and is thought to be able to occur in any breed. Some studies show that the behaviour is more common in Thoroughbreds and Warmbloods, however this point is refuted by other researchers who argue that headshaking is equally likely to be seen in any breed.
When it comes to discipline, headshaking horses are typically found to be pleasure riding or general all-purpose riding horses. Other disciplines that restrict the movement of the horse, such as dressage or eventing, also tend to have more cases of headshaking. Intense, high activity disciplines like racing and showjumping, show a decreased amount of affected horses.
Impact.
Headshaking is a condition which impacts the life and the welfare of affected horses. Since the behaviour is caused by facial pain, the horse may be in constant discomfort. The intensity of the behaviour can range and therefore, some horses may experience greater pain than others. Various scales have been created and used to rank the intensity of headshaking behaviour.
Humans who suffer from neuropathic facial pain describe their symptoms as anything varying from tingling sensations to feelings similar to intense electric shocks. Translational research may be possible to infer similarities in pain between affected humans and horses. It is thought that the horses feel sensations of tingling, itching, burning and electric-like shocks. They attempt to alleviate this pain by throwing and tossing their heads, as well as rubbing the nose, snorting and sneezing. This behaviour can cause the horse to become dangerous to ride, or even handle on a daily basis. The condition can also become an economic burden on the owner, as depending on the method, the treatment may be costly to keep up with.
Treatment.
Various treatment methods have been proposed to lessen the effects of headshaking, however, the behaviour has yet to completely cured. The success of a technique may vary depending on the horse's particular characteristics.
Nose nets.
Nose nets may cover the horse's entire muzzle (nostrils and lips) or only the nostrils. The net prevents irritants from entering the nostrils, decreases the amount of stimuli affecting the horse's muzzle area and may provide a constant counter-stimulation to the nerves of the face. This method is noninvasive, cheap and is also permitted to be worn in most equestrian competitions. It is one of the most successful treatment methods, although it does not eradicate the problem completely. Approximately 70% of owners who attempted this method reported at least somewhat of an improvement in the symptoms of their horse. It appears to be more effective if used immediately after diagnosis, as older horses who have lived with the condition for longer, were found to be less likely to show any improvement.
Face masks.
Face masks can be successful in reducing the symptoms of photic headshakers. Usually the mask contains ultraviolet shades to block out any sunlight. This method works to reduce the stimulation affecting the ophthalmic branch, thus reducing the stimulation of the trigeminal nerve.
Eye drops.
Sodium cromoglycate eye drops are used to stabilize mast cell membranes and has been effective in a limited number of seasonally affected horses. It is thought that eye drops may only work as a treatment for horses who experience headshaking as a result of environmental allergies.
Surgery.
Infraorbital neurectomy, in which the trigeminal nerve is cut or blocked, has been used to attempt to treat headshaking. This method is not used anymore, as the rate of success was quite low and the surgery had serious side-effects on the horse. More recently, compression of the caudal infraorbital nerve via platinum coils has been attempted as a last option treatment, although the rate of success is only 50% and the chance of injury post-surgery is quite high.
Medication.
A wide variety of pharmaceuticals have been used in trials attempting to reduce headshaking in horses. Many may have averse side-effects and may also be banned from use in show horses. Cyproheptadine is an antihistamine and serotonin antagonist which has been effective in significantly reducing headshaking symptoms in many horses. It can be used alone or in conjunction with carbamazepine, an anticonvulsant used to treat nerve pain in humans. Other past and presently used forms of medication include: Gabapentin, dexamethasone, fluphenazine, and phenobarbitone.
Supplements.
Magnesium supplemented into the diet of affected horses has shown some successful reduction of headshaking behaviour, especially when combined with boron. It is thought that magnesium may have calming effects on the over-sensitive nature of the trigeminal nerve. However, magnesium supplementation can be dangerous, as high doses need to be used to create an effect. Melatonin has also been used as a treatment for horses suffering from photic headshaking. It works to alter the horse's internal clock and shows the best results when administered at the same time every night, so that its effects will kick in during the day. Many researchers argue that the effects of feed supplements are mere placebo effects and do not actually help with the symptoms of the condition.
Percutaneous electrical Nervous stimulation (PENS) is used as a treatment for human patients with trigeminal facial nerve pain. It was tested on horses recently and could turn out to be a working treatment, more research on this method is necessary. 

</doc>
<doc id="6989761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989761" title="Takao Sakurai">
Takao Sakurai

 was a Japanese boxer who won a gold medal at the 1964 Olympics.
Amateur career.
Born in Sawara, Chiba, Sakurai began boxing in high school, keeping his training secret to his parents. Although there was no trainer in his high school, Sakurai won the Japan's inter-high school championship in the bantamweight division in 1960. Then he entered Chuo University, and won the All-Japan Amateur Boxing Championships in the bantamweight division in 1963. Sakurai captured the Olympic boxing gold medal at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics in his senior year. In the final versus Chung Shin-Cho of South Korea, he knocked down his opponent three times in less than two rounds. The referee stopped the contest. Sakurai became the first Japanese boxer to win Olympic gold, with Ryōta Murata winning the second Olympic gold in boxing for Japan in the middleweight division in the 2012 London Olympics. His career record in amateur competition was 138-13.
1964 Olympic results.
Below are the results of Takao Sakurai, a Japanese bantamweight boxer, who competed at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics:
Professional career.
Sakurai's feat in the Olympics heightened hopes for his professional career, and he made his professional debut from Misako Boxing Gym in March, 1965. He won 22 straight fights, but was unable to make a full transition from his cautious, amateur boxing style to a more aggressive, professional style. He could win only 4 fights by knockout out of his 32 professional fights.
Sakurai challenged Lionel Rose for the world bantamweight title on July 2, 1968. He got a knockdown in the 2nd round, but ended up losing by decision in 15 rounds. He suffered the first knockout loss of his career against Rubén Olivares in May 1969 in a non-title match. Later that year, he won the OPBF bantamweight title, which he defended twice before announcing his retirement in 1970. His professional record was 30-2-0 (4KOs), and he was the top-ranked world bantamweight contender when he retired.
Post retirement.
Sakurai founded his own boxing gym One Two Sports Club, in Tsukiji, Chūō, Tokyo, and worked as a trainer there. He was the first man to practice Koichi Wajima's "Frog Jump" punch under the guidance of Hitoshi Misako who is the president of Misako Boxing Gym where he trained during his career as a boxer. His eldest son has also had a successful amateur boxing career, winning a national tournament in the featherweight division.
Sakurai died of esophageal cancer in Tokyo at dawn on January 10, 2012, the birthday of Hitoshi Misako.

</doc>
<doc id="6989766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989766" title="Capital costs">
Capital costs



</doc>
<doc id="6989767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989767" title="Bayana Lok Sabha constituency">
Bayana Lok Sabha constituency

Bayana was a Lok Sabha constituency in Rajasthan state in western India till 2008. This constituency was reserved for the Scheduled caste candidates.
Assembly segments.
Bayana Lok Sabha constituency comprised the following eight Vidhan Sabha segments:
Election results.
2004.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6989771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989771" title="Campus for Christ">
Campus for Christ



</doc>
<doc id="6989773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989773" title="Lexington Area MPO">
Lexington Area MPO

The Lexington Area Metropolitan Planning Organization (MPO) has been involved with transportation planning in Lexington, Kentucky, USA, and its immediate area since being established in 1974. It is responsible, in cooperation with the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet, for planning and coordinating all aspects of transportation planning on behalf of local governments within its region, which includes the Lexington-Fayette Urban County Government (the consolidated government of Lexington and Fayette County) and Jessamine County.
Organizational framework.
The MPO was formed in 1974 when the committee structure was established by a letter from Mayor H. Foster Pettit to the Kentucky Secretary of Transportation, Calvin Grayson. The Transportation Policy Committee (TPC) is the decision-making body of the Lexington Area MPO and is composed of the mayors of Lexington, Nicholasville, and Wilmore; the Fayette and Jessamine County Judge-Executives; the Vice Mayor of Lexington; six members of the Lexington-Fayette Urban County Council; the Chairman of LexTran; President of Federated Transportation Services of the Bluegrass (FTSB) and the Secretary for the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet (KYTC).
The TPC has several subcommittees that report to it: Transportation Technical Coordinating Committee (TTCC), Congestion Management Committee (CMC), Bicycle &amp; Pedestrian Advisory Committee (BPAC), Air Quality Advisory Committee (AQAC), and Traffic Safety Coalition (TSC).
Plans and documents.
The Lexington Area MPO, as part of its mandate, produces many plans and documents. The Metropolitan Transportation Plan (MTP) is required by federal and state laws, and is the primary plan for the future transportation system of the region. It is updated every 3–5 years. The Transportation Improvement Program (TIP) is updated more frequently and is more project-oriented. The MPO must also develop a Unified Planning Work Program (UPWP) which identifies where all of the money flowing into the MPO goes, including staffing and other administrative costs. The MPO also has a Participation Plan (PP), and develops many other plans and documents as directed by federal and state governmental bodies.
Work programs.
There are several different areas within the MPO and planners that specialize in at least one area, although some cover multiple areas.
Air quality.
The MPO monitors the air quality and level of ozone in the area. This includes a forecast from May to the end of September and alerts if the forecast approaches the level of unhealthy for sensitive groups. The MPO also educates the public about pollution reducing activities through the school system and extensive public service announcements.
Public transit.
Transit planning is crucial for a growing region. The Lexington area is growing in population, and is forecast to continue this trend. Transit service is currently expanding, thanks in large part to a dedicated tax that was passed in 2004. Along with the expansion of service and routes comes an increased amount of transit planning work. Regular transit planning duties include developing a Long Range Transit Plan, developing maps and statistical reports, updating Title VI documentation, and various other activities.
Congestion management.
The Congestion Management Process (CMP) alleviates, and mitigates traffic congestion in the MPO Planning Area which includes Lexington and Jessamine County. The CMP supports the planning process by providing information to assist transportation decision-making. An overview document was completed in March, 2011 and approved by the Congestion Management Committee.
The CMP utilizes several different methods to reduce traffic congestion. One innovative design that came out of one of the MPO's Congestion Management Studies is the Diverging diamond interchange (DDI). Because of the CMP suggesting that this type of interchange should be used to alleviate bottlenecks in the MPO area, KYTC chose to use a DDI design for the Harrodsburg Road and New Circle interchange. A public meeting was held on March 29, 2011, at Southern Hills United Methodist Church. This is the first Diverging Diamond Interchange (now called Double Crossover Diamond or DCD) in the state of Kentucky.
Bluegrass Mobility Office.
The Lexington Bluegrass Mobility Office was established in 1997 by the LFUCG as the central point of contact in all inquiries concerning mobility (transportation) issues. The Mobility Office offers a carpool/vanpool computer ridematching program that includes LexVan, a work commute vanpool leasing program. These services are available to anyone that lives or works in Fayette or Jessamine County and commutes to or from the surrounding counties. Aimed at reducing air pollution, traffic and parking congestion, road repairs and gasoline consumption, the Mobility program is managed by the Lexington Area Metropolitan Planning Organization (MPO).
Bicycle and pedestrian.
This is an ever-growing activity for the MPO. But it's more than just constructing and repairing sidewalks and bike lanes. A lot of it has to do with educating the public about the importance of having good bicycle and pedestrian connections for our community. As the population grows, it's important to plan for viable alternative transportation options, such as simply walking or biking to the grocery store or to work.

</doc>
<doc id="6989775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989775" title="Pender County Schools">
Pender County Schools

Pender County Schools is a public school system located in southeastern North Carolina, providing an education for 7,800 students in Pender County. Pender County School District consists of 19 schools located in a diverse array of suburban and rural communities, and serves students in pre-school through grade 12. The Central Service Offices are located in Burgaw, North Carolina, about 21 miles from Wilmington, North Carolina. The first public school in Pender County was started in the town of Atkinson.
Schools.
Elementary Schools:
Middle Schools:
High Schools:

</doc>
<doc id="6989776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989776" title="Jim armstrong (guitarist)">
Jim armstrong (guitarist)



</doc>
<doc id="6989781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989781" title="Sarah Jane Investigates">
Sarah Jane Investigates



</doc>
<doc id="6989789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989789" title="Shirley Ann Richards">
Shirley Ann Richards



</doc>
<doc id="6989793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989793" title="Sawai Madhopur Lok Sabha constituency">
Sawai Madhopur Lok Sabha constituency

Sawai Madhopur was a Lok Sabha parliamentary constituency of Rajasthan.
Election results.
Sawai Madhopur.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6989794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989794" title="Stow-on-the-wold">
Stow-on-the-wold



</doc>
<doc id="6989800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989800" title="Damo Motasheel">
Damo Motasheel



</doc>
<doc id="6989806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989806" title="Damo Mostaheel">
Damo Mostaheel



</doc>
<doc id="6989811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989811" title="Ajmer Lok Sabha constituency">
Ajmer Lok Sabha constituency

Ajmer Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 25 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Rajasthan state in India.
Vidhan Sabha segments.
Presently, Ajmer Lok Sabha constituency comprises eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments. These are:
Members of Lok Sabha.
^By-Poll
Election results.
2004 Lok Sabha Election.
 
1991.
 &lt;section begin="General Election 1991"/&gt; 
 
&lt;section end="General Election 1991"/&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6989813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989813" title="Irish Mountaineering Club">
Irish Mountaineering Club

The Irish Mountaineering Club (in Irish, Cumann Sléibhteoireachta na hÉireann, usually called "The IMC") is a mountaineering club whose activities include climbing. The club has over 200 members.
History.
The IMC was founded in 1942 by Bill Perrott and a group of other climbers in south Dublin, within easy reach of Dalkey Quarry. They established several climbs in Dalkey and at other locations around Dublin such as The Scalp, Bray Head, and Ireland's Eye; these were the first steps in the development of climbing in Ireland. This group, now known as "The Old IMC", disbanded in 1944.
In 1948, the IMC was revived on a more formal basis by Perrott, Joss Lynam, and others, with the intention that it become a national club drawing its membership from all around Ireland, with local branches in the major cities. The first president was the naturalist Robert Lloyd Praeger.
During the 1950s branches of the IMC were established in Dublin and Belfast, and one for the "Wild Geese", Irish emigrants living abroad. In 1957, with the aid of a grant from the Guinness brewing company, the club purchased a farmhouse at Glendasan, near Glendalough, County Wicklow, and converted it into a mountain hut, to be run by the Dublin section. Later another hut (called the "Bloat House") was established in the Annalong valley in the Mourne Mountains in County Down; this was to be run by the Belfast section.
The increasing affluence of the 1960s saw the emergence of other mountaineering clubs in Ireland, and the IMC's dominance began to weaken. In 1971, the Federation of Mountaineering Clubs of Ireland (FMCI, later the Mountaineering Council of Ireland (MCI), now Mountaineering Ireland) was formed, which ended the IMC's national aspirations. The struggling Belfast section was finally dissolved in 1991, two years after the Bloat House burnt down resulting in several serious injuries.
Activities.
The IMC operates a programme of activities throughout the year. In the spring, the climbing season starts with the long-standing (since 1966) annual rock-climbing beginners' course conducted by experienced club members in Dalkey Quarry and Glendalough. Those beginners are then encouraged to develop their skills and join in the club's climbing activities in Ireland and abroad throughout the summer and beyond. Summer is also the peak alpine season, when many groups of members climb in alpine ranges throughout the world. In winter indoor climbing, hillwalking, ice climbing abroad, and rock climbing both at home and in sunnier climes in Europe and beyond.
The club's hut (called "The IMC Hut") is located in Glendasan, in the Wicklow Mountains and within walking distance of the popular crag at Glendalough. Its main use now is to serve as accommodation for pre-booked groups.

</doc>
<doc id="6989814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989814" title="Pentti Hämäläinen">
Pentti Hämäläinen

Pentti Olavi Hämäläinen (19 December 1929 – 11 December 1984) was a Finnish boxer. He competed at the 1952 and 1956 Olympics and won a gold and a bronze medal, respectively. He won two more bronze medals at European championships in 1951 and 1955. Domestically he won six Finnish titles between 1951 and 1956, two in flyweight, two in bantamweight and two in featherweight division. After the 1956 Olympics he turned professional and won five consecutive bouts. He lost his sixth bout in 1959 and retired from boxing, after which he worked as a mechanic and a policeman. Four of his brothers also competed in boxing at the national level. Pentti Hämäläinen died in 1984, aged 54, of undisclosed causes.
1952 Olympic record.
Below is the record of Pentti Hämäläinen, a Finnish bantamweight boxer who competed at the 1952 Olympics in Helsinki:
1956 Olympic record.
Below is the record of Pentti Hämäläinen, a Finnish featherweight boxer who competed at the 1956 Olympics in Melbourne:

</doc>
<doc id="6989819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989819" title="R4 expressway (Slovakia)">
R4 expressway (Slovakia)

R4 expressway () is an expressway in the north–south direction in eastern Slovakia. Initially planned to be completed in 2023, the completed long expressway will connect the state border of Poland to the border with Hungary, passing Svidník, Prešov and Košice. 
On the Polish side, the R4 will be connected to the S19 expressway; on the Hungarian side, to the M30 motorway. The section between Prešov and Košické Oľšany is shared with D1, and sections between Košické Oľšany and Haniska with R2. The road is part of the proposed Via Carpatia route.
Chronology.
This corridor was initially included in the expressway network and thus also in the construction plans as early as 1963, by the resolution of the Government of the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic No. 286/1963. At that time, it was included as a combination of the motorway No. 73 in the section from Vyšný Komárnik to Prešov, and the motorway No. 68 in the section from Košice to the border with Hungary. 
After 1999, as part of the overall reorganisation of the expressway network and their renumbering, the corridor started to be referred to as the R4 expressway. Construction of the first section of the road did not begin until 2007, more than forty years after the first planning of a capacity road in this corridor. The Svidník bypass (Ladomirová – Svidník-juh) at a length of , in a half profile was put into operation at the end of 2010.
In 2013, the long section between south of Košice and the border with Hungary at Milhosť was put into operation, with Skanska as the sole contractor, constructing the section since 2010. The section received EUR 45 million in subsidies from the European Union.
In July 2019, Vahostav-SK was tendered to begin construction on Stage I of the Prešov northern bypass. The long section was opened in October 2023.
Future developments.
Stage II of the Prešov bypass is currently under construction. The first preparatory work is being carried out. Once complete, the R4 will expand by a long section around Prešov. The section will include twelve bridge structures of various lengths and the approximately long "Okruhliak" tunnel.
The R2 section is also in construction, providing a shared section between Košické Oľšany and Haniska with R4. The construction began in March 2022, and the road is to be put into operation in March 2025.
References.
Content in this edit is translated from the existing Slovak Wikipedia article at ; see its history for attribution.

</doc>
<doc id="6989826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989826" title="Joaquín Peiró">
Joaquín Peiró

Joaquín Peiró Lucas (29 January 1936 – 18 March 2020) was a Spanish football attacking midfielder and manager.
After excelling at Atlético Madrid – where he would start and end his professional career, amassing La Liga totals of 166 games and 95 goals over eight seasons – he moved to Italy where he would remain for nearly one decade, in representation of three teams. He represented the Spain national team in two World Cups.
Starting in 1978 and for almost 30 years, Peiró worked as a coach before retiring.
Playing career.
Club.
Born in Madrid, Peiró made his senior debut with Real Murcia CF on loan from hometown's Atlético Madrid, playing 16 complete La Liga matches with the latter side in the 1955–66 season to help them finish in fifth position, and subsequently becoming first-choice. He was an essential attacking unit as the club won the 1961–62 European Cup Winners' Cup, scoring in both matches of the final against ACF Fiorentina (1–1 in the first game, 3–0 in the replay).
In 1962, after 127 official goals for Atlético – he still started the 1962–63 campaign, netting six times in only three games– Peiró moved to Italy and joined Torino FC, becoming the second Spaniard to play in Serie A after Luis Suárez, whom he later teamed up with at Inter Milan, being part of the "Grande Inter" side that won the 1965 European Cup under manager Helenio Herrera; in the semi-finals against Liverpool, he scored once in a 3–0 home win after a 3–1 loss at Anfield.
Peiró's longest spell in Italy would be spent with AS Roma where he won one Coppa Italia, eventually also being named team captain.
International.
Peiró earned 12 caps for Spain over ten years, netting five times. He participated in the 1962 FIFA World Cup in Chile, scoring the only goal in the match against Mexico, and in the 1966 World Cup in England; both tournaments ended in group-stage elimination.
On 3 June 1956, aged 20, Peiró made his international debut, scoring in a 3–1 friendly defeat to Portugal in Lisbon.
Coaching career.
Peiró started coaching in 1978, with Atlético's reserves, which he led to Segunda División two years later. Subsequently, he spent some time managing in the second tier and the Segunda División B, promoting Granada CF to the former.
In 1989–90, Peiró was one of three coaches used by Atlético Madrid, as elusive Jesús Gil was the club's president – the side did finish fourth in the league. He resumed his career in division two, interspersed with periods of inactivity.
Peiró's biggest success as a manager came with Málaga CF, which he led to the top flight in 1999 at the age of 63. Subsequently, the Andalusians won the 2002 UEFA Intertoto Cup and reached the quarter-finals of the following UEFA Cup.
Peiró last coached in 2003, being fired midway through the 2003–04 season from Murcia who were relegated from the top tier, as last.
Death.
After years struggling with health problems, Peiró died in Madrid at the age of 84.
Honours.
Player.
Murcia
Atlético Madrid
Inter
Roma
Manager.
Málaga

</doc>
<doc id="6989829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989829" title="Recurrent airway obstruction">
Recurrent airway obstruction

Recurrent airway obstruction, also known as broken wind, heaves, wind-broke horse, or sometimes by the term usually reserved for humans, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or disorder (COPD) – it is a respiratory disease or chronic condition of horses involving an allergic bronchitis characterised by wheezing, coughing and laboured breathing.
Signs and symptoms.
Symptoms include, primarily, increased respiratory effort and dyspnea, especially in response to strenuous exercise. In some cases (secondarily), the horse may present with acute severe dyspnea, such that it really struggles to inspire sufficient air. This is a veterinary emergency.
In addition, a soft, moist cough may be seen, most commonly in association with exercise or eating. This cough may be productive, with expectoration of thick, viscous sputum.
There may also be an audible wheeze.
In chronic cases, a "heave line" may be visible on the ventral abdomen. This is caused by hypertrophy of the extrinsic respiratory muscles.
If any of these symptoms are observed, veterinary advice should be sought. The veterinarian will usually auscultate (listen to the horse's chest with a stethoscope) to attempt to detect adventitious lung sounds. If these are very quiet, a rebreathing bag may be used - a plastic bag over the nose to intensify the horse's respiratory effort and hence the sounds. This procedure can be dangerous and should not be attempted by non-professionals.
Blood gas analysis may also be carried out, although it is rarely required.
In some cases, a bronchoalveolar lavage may be carried out - an endoscope is used to look down the trachea, and mucus and cells are washed out of the lower airways for analysis. Typically, a BAL recovers an abnormally high percentage of neutrophils from an RAO horse - up to 50 or 70% in severe cases.
Causes.
An allergic reaction to certain otherwise innocuous substances - allergens, typically dust and mold spores (e.g. Aspergillus spp.). It is therefore most common in horses fed on hay and bedded on straw. Endotoxins from organisms in the bedding and feedstuffs may also play a role.
The condition is most common in the Northern Hemisphere - it is rare in the South.
This is probably because northern horses are more likely to be overwintered in stables or barn, and therefore become sensitised more readily.
In contrast to human asthma (which it otherwise resembles), RAO is associated primarily with neutrophil mediated inflammation, and IgE and mast cells are much less important in the pathophysiology.
In animals maintained in stable during several hours of the day, other causes, like inhalation of ammonia (mainly from urine), a gas that is potentially damaging to the lungs, should also be considered.
Another point to think, is about liver dysfunctions, which could lead and/ or be associated with the occurrence of allergies. Remembering that liver dysfunctions are commonly present in mold intoxications.
NOTE: A similar condition, Summer Pasture Associated RAO also exists. In this case, the allergens are derived from fodder and pasture. This is more common is summer, and management is reversed: horses should be stabled in well ventilated areas.
Treatment.
If a horse is severely dyspnoeic (that is, struggling to breathe), the most important measure to take is to remove it from the stable or barn into fresh air. This can be a life-saving measure in an acute attack.
As RAO is primarily a management condition, primary treatment is managemental. Where possible, the horse should be turned out to pasture. When removed from the allergens in the stable, the symptoms will usually subside, although they will recur if the horse is stabled again at a later date.
If this is not practical, certain alterations to stable routine may be effective. The aim is to minimise dust and maximise air quality in the stable. This may be achieved by soaking hay or feeding a dust-free alternative (such as haylage). The length of time to soak hay for the maximum benefit is debated; however, approximately 30 minutes appears to be the current consensus.
Feeding from the ground is often thought to be more beneficial than in a hay net, as this allows any mucus to drain out of the lungs. Those horses that must continue to be stabled are normally bedded on paper, or a combination of rubber matting and paper. Straw and wood shavings contain dust and may irritate the condition further, although some modern "low dust" shavings are thought to be better than straw.
Despite management changes, pharmacological intervention is often required, and almost invariably in severe cases. This breaks down into a number of categories:
1) Bronchodilators:
Often, bronchodilators are the mainstay of therapy. One of the most common is clenbuterol, either as an oral medication administered twice daily in feed, or via the intravenous route. 
Alternatively, aerosolised drugs, such as salbutamol or clenbuterol, may be used. Clenbuterol also has anti-inflammatory actions, and is therefore often preferred.
Other bronchodilators that may be used include aminophylline, although this may lead to excitation, and is only effective in 50% of cases, or ipratropium (which is relatively short acting at 4–6 hours duration).
In an emergency, intravenous clenbuterol or atropine may be used, but care must be exercised with atropine, as it may predispose to adverse systemic side effects such as mydriasis, excitement, GI stasis and colic.
2) Corticosteroids:
Oral steroids such as prednisolone are commonly used; however, side effects are common, and the horse may be predisposed to laminitis. Therefore, the use of aerosolised steroids via an equine inhaler are becoming more common. This route of administration reduces the dose required, and the risk of side effects. Originally, beclomethasone was used, but newer compounds are available now, such as fluticasone propionate.
3) Mast cell stabilisers:
Cromoglycate has been used, but this is may or may not be fully effective, as in RAO mast cells have only a peripheral role in the pathophysiology.
Care should be taken with these drugs in competition horses, as many of them are forbidden substances under racing and FEI rules.
4) Hay Steamers: A relatively new method of dealing with RAO with horses is to thoroughly Steam the Hay in a commercially available steamer. Feedback from users is very encouraging on the relief factor obtained from RAO. Consistency in feeding horses is important and the hay is just another feed component. A great number of horses suffer from respiratory conditions that is a direct result of the hay they are feeding on. Stored hay contains dust and fungal spores that can cause irritation and inflammation, that can lead to COPD, airway and digestive conditions.
5) Liver Function Monitoring: because mold may potentially cause liver damage, it is advisable to evaluate parameters related to liver health and, if possible, to adopt hepatoprotective foods or medicines, as well as other measures favorable to the reestablishment of liver functions
Prognosis.
RAO often limits the horse's ability to work, and it may find strenuous activity difficult. However, with prompt diagnosis and treatment the condition can be managed successfully.

</doc>
<doc id="6989831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989831" title="Pentti Hamalainen">
Pentti Hamalainen



</doc>
<doc id="6989834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989834" title="Cherrim">
Cherrim



</doc>
<doc id="6989835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6989835" title="Jim Armstrong">
Jim Armstrong

Jim or Jimmy Armstrong may refer to:

</doc>
