<doc id="6929926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929926" title="Joe Miller (footballer, born 1967)">
Joe Miller (footballer, born 1967)

Joseph Miller (born 8 December 1967 in Glasgow) is a Scottish retired footballer and a former manager of Scottish Football League club Clyde.
He began his playing career as a teenage striker at Aberdeen, featuring in their 1985–86 Scottish Cup success, before moving to Celtic in 1987 for £650,000, a Scottish record transfer fee. Mainly used as a winger from then on, Miller won the 'double' of Scottish League and Scottish Cup with Celtic in 1988, and scored the winning goal for the club in the 1989 Scottish Cup Final. In 1993 he returned to Aberdeen, collecting another winner's medal in the 1995 Scottish League Cup Final to complete a domestic set.
In his later career he had shorter spells with Dundee United, in Australia (spending a season with Parramatta Power in the NSL), Raith Rovers, Clydebank and Clyde, moving into coaching with the latter.
Playing career.
Aberdeen.
Miller was raised in the East End of Glasgow, attended St Mungo's Academy and grew up supporting Celtic; his father (also Joseph) had been a professional footballer with Hamilton Academical and Swindon Town. He was a 12-year-old playing for St Marys Boys Club in the Calton (the same team which produced Tommy Burns) when Alex Ferguson, the manager of Aberdeen, was alerted to his talents through Miller's uncle who had previously worked as a scout for Ferguson. He signed provisionally for Aberdeen while continuing to play in Glasgow for Celtic Boys Club, a team with close ties to the professional club and coached by legendary player Jimmy Johnstone, but not formally connected to them. The Celtic manager Billy McNeill did make approaches to sign Miller, but on the advice of his father and due to the keenness of Ferguson he chose to stick with Aberdeen who had a good track record of developing young players, including many from Glasgow such as Willie Miller (no relation) who had grown up in the same area.
After moving to Pittodrie Stadium in summer 1983, Miller made his Aberdeen debut just after his 17th birthday, coming on as a substitute in a league fixture against Dundee United in December 1984. That was his only appearance of the season, which ended with the club retaining the league title. Miller remained with the youth team and was in the side which won the Scottish Youth Cup in 1985 alongside Stevie Gray, David Robertson and Paul Wright. The final was against Celtic at Pittodrie. After trailing 3–0, Miller netted a 35-yard lob to tie the match at 3–3. The comeback was complete in extra-time to secure the trophy with a 5–3 win.
Around a year after he made his debut, Miller became a regular in the Aberdeen team, finishing with 19 league games and three goals during 1985–86; he also featured in the quarter-final of the European Cup against IFK Gothenburg and came off the bench in the 1986 Scottish Cup Final victory over Hearts. At that time he was usually playing as a striker.
He played one more full season for the "Dons" with his form attracting attention from around Europe – Miller has stated teams from Spain and Italy showed an interest in signing him, along with Liverpool who were coached by his childhood hero Kenny Dalglish, and Manchester United where Alex Ferguson was now the manager. However it was Celtic and Billy McNeill, who had just returned to the club, who would secure the 19-year-old's signature in November 1987 (a few weeks after he appeared in the League Cup final, lost on penalties) for a fee of £650,000, which at that time was a Scottish record as well as the highest fee paid for a teenager. Miller left Aberdeen having played 81 times and scored 21 goals in all competitions, with his last appearance a UEFA Cup defeat to Feyenoord.
Celtic.
Miller immediately became an important player for Celtic after making his debut against Dundee, scoring the third goal of a 5–0 victory. Playing as a right winger providing chances for forwards such as Mark McGhee and fellow new signings Andy Walker and Frank McAvennie, the side won the league and Scottish Cup double in 1987–88, their centenary season; Miller has described this as his "best memory".
Celtic failed to keep their grip on the league title in 1989, dropping to 3rd place as Old Firm rivals Rangers began what would be a period of dominance, and were also eliminated from the European Cup by Werder Bremen. Miller missed much of the season with a virus. However the "Hoops" were able to retain the Scottish Cup, with Miller scoring the winning goal in the final against Rangers at Hampden Park to end their hopes of a treble. That match was the third in a row in which he had been used as a striker and scored the only goal of the game, but with new strikers Coyne and Dziekanowski arriving, 'Super Joe' as he had become known, returned to his previous wing role.
The following campaign began badly as Miller, having come on as a substitute for his first appearance of the season during the 1989–90 Scottish League Cup semi-final – a loss to former club Aberdeen – was himself substituted, prompting a furious reaction as he returned to the bench. Miller was "devastated" and submitted a transfer request, but this was rejected by the club. He retained his place in the side, although the season finished without a trophy after Aberdeen again prevailed in the 1990 Scottish Cup Final (albeit Miller was named "man of the match"), while in the league they could only finish 5th.
By this point, Celtic were experiencing one of the most difficult spells in their history, and 1990–91 brought further disappointment, with no trophies and a League Cup Final defeat to Rangers. In 1991–92, new manager Liam Brady continued to select Miller but results deteriorated further, with defeats to Airdrie in the League Cup, Neuchâtel Xamax in the UEFA Cup and Rangers in the Scottish Cup (despite David Robertson having been sent off in the opening minutes for a challenge on Miller, breaking two of his ribs).
By 1992–93, another campaign which would bring not even as much as a final for Celtic, Miller was often only being selected as a substitute with Brady's own signing Stuart Slater being preferred. At the end of the season he returned to Aberdeen, having made a total of 199 appearances in his spell at Celtic Park, scoring 32 goals.
Return to Aberdeen.
Although Aberdeen were no longer the dominant force in Scotland as when he first joined in 1983, when Miller returned a decade later they were at least as strong a team as Celtic, having finished runners-up behind Rangers in three of the last four seasons. In 1993–94, with Miller a regular starter under manager and former teammate Willie Miller, another second-place finish was achieved. However the next season was a different matter, with the club losing to Stenhousemuir in the Scottish Cup and only escaping relegation thanks to four wins in the last five matches and a play-off win against Dunfermline.
In 1995–96 they regrouped under new manager Roy Aitken, Miller's former captain at Celtic, and finished third while also winning the 1995 Scottish League Cup Final with victory over Dundee. Miller returned what would be the best personal figures in his career, playing in 40 matches (all starts) and scoring 10 goals. He played with Aberdeen for two more unexceptional seasons, posting 70 further appearances. Coincidentally his final goal for the club came in a 3–0 win against a Hibernian team led by Billy McNeill, who was acting as caretaker manager for that match alone. His combined Aberdeen totals of 264 matches and 47 goals are both within the top 50 in the club's all-time list.
Later years.
In summer 1998, 30-year-old Miller moved to Dundee United. He contributed 33 appearances – many from the bench – and two goals in his single season at Tannadice Park in which the team finished in mid-table and reached the Scottish Cup semi-final, being beaten by Celtic.
After being released from his contract, he then spent a season in Australia's National Soccer League, joining newly formed Parramatta Power for their inaugural season, before returning to Scotland for short spells with Raith Rovers (under another former teammate, Peter Hetherston, where he mentored a young Nacho Novo) and Clydebank, prior to retiring from the professional game in 2002 to train as a coach. He went back to Australia for a period, winning the amateur "KDSA Cup" with North Sydney in 2003.
Having been appointed assistant manager of Clyde in 2005, Miller re-registered as a player and made just over a dozen league appearances for the club in his late 30s.
International.
Miller was selected five times for the Scotland under-21 team, by which time he was already an experienced player at club level. He never received a full cap for Scotland, with the tactics of the time under coach Andy Roxburgh rarely utilising wingers, plus a direct rival in Pat Nevin and several competitors for a place as a striker.
Coaching and management.
Miller joined Clyde in June 2005, initially as assistant to Graham Roberts, during which time they surprisingly defeated Celtic in the 2005–06 Scottish Cup. He was appointed manager in August 2006 following the departure of Roberts following a feud between the pair; Roberts later won a claim for unfair dismissal against the club.
He guided Clyde to the 2006 Scottish Challenge Cup Final, the club's first national final in nearly 40 years. Miller ended speculation about his future at Clyde in May 2007 by refusing to sign a new contract as manager, thus leaving the club.
In January 2009 Miller was signed up by Irish club Dundalk's manager Sean Connor as an assistant manager.
Honours.
Aberdeen
Celtic
Clyde

</doc>
<doc id="6929928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929928" title="BELST">
BELST



</doc>
<doc id="6929929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929929" title="Mohawk Airlines Flight 411">
Mohawk Airlines Flight 411

Mohawk Airlines Flight 411, a Fairchild FH-227B twin-engine turboprop, registered N7811M, was a scheduled domestic passenger service operated by Mohawk Airlines, between Albany and Glens Falls, New York. On November 19, 1969, it crashed into Pilot Knob Mountain, killing all 14 passengers and crew on board.
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) concluded that the crash was caused by the captain's improper execution of an instrument approach, combined with a severe downdraft at a low altitude, which resulted in the aircraft descending uncontrollably into terrain.
History of flight.
On the evening of November 19, 1969, at about 20:03 EST, Mohawk Airlines Flight 411, a twin engine Fairchild FH-227B turboprop, departed from Albany International Airport near Albany, New York. It was operating as a scheduled passenger/cargo flight on an instrument flight rules (IFR) flight plan to its destination of Warren County Airport in Glens Falls, New York, northeast, with an estimated flight time of about 15 minutes.
At 20:07:32 EST, just 4 minutes after takeoff, Flight 411 was cleared by air traffic control (ATC) for "a VOR approach to runway 19". The aircraft overflew the Glens Falls airport and proceeded northbound, subsequently reversing course. Shortly after course reversal, at about 20:20 EST, the aircraft hit trees on the northwest slope of the Pilot Knob Mountain, then impacted a rock cliff from which it fell and became lodged between trees and caught fire. None of the 11 passengers and 3 crew on board survived.
Investigation and final report.
The accident was investigated by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB). The Flight Data Recorder was recovered intact from the wreckage, but the Cockpit Voice Recorder had been damaged in the post-crash fire and was unusable.
The weather at Glens Falls at the time of the accident was reported as "2,100 (feet) overcast, visibility 7 (miles) in light rain, wind 180 (degrees) at 12 (knots), peak gusts 22 (knots), altimeter 2980, runway 19 in use". The surface temperature was 54 degrees Fahrenheit (12 degrees Celsius).
The investigation revealed that ATC cleared the flight to "the VOR approach", without actually specifying which specific VOR approach procedure was to be used, possibly leaving it to the flight crew's discretion. According to the radio communication transcript, the flight crew did not inquire as to which specific approach was in effect. There were two published VOR approaches at the time, one from the north and one from the south. The northern approach, called "VOR/DME 19", was not legally available to the crew under these circumstances, as Mohawk company policy prohibited reliance on DME as a primary navigational instrument. The other VOR approach, called "VOR 1", was the only one legally available to the flight, and would have required descending while approaching the airport from the south during the final approach segment, followed by a "circle to land" maneuver, landing to the south on runway 19.
Despite this, possibly due to their concerns with passenger comfort (the VOR 1 approach would have required performing the "circle to land" maneuver at a relatively low altitude over the airport to land on runway 19), or possibly by simply being late to set up for the recommended VOR 1 approach (the flight time was only about 8 minutes from takeoff at Albany to the Glens Falls area, with a significant tailwind component of approximately 50 knots), the crew did not execute the VOR 1 approach. Instead, the crew appeared to select an improvised and unauthorized modified version of the VOR/DME 19 approach, which included flying outbound followed by a course reversal at about north of the airport, over Lake George. As the crew performed what appeared to be an unpublished and unauthorized procedure turn for course reversal on the VOR/DME 19 approach path, they descended prematurely and hit the side of a mountain. It was subsequently determined that a southerly wind created a downdraft effect which, coupled with the aircraft's low altitude over the terrain, contributed to the crash.
In their final report, issued on June 25, 1970, the NTSB determined the following official Probable Cause for the accident:

</doc>
<doc id="6929930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929930" title="Jenseits von gut und bose">
Jenseits von gut und bose



</doc>
<doc id="6929931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929931" title="Glen Roy">
Glen Roy

Glen Roy (, meaning "red glen") in the Lochaber area of the Highlands of Scotland is a glen noted for the geological phenomenon of three loch terraces known as the Parallel Roads of Glen Roy. The terraces formed along the shorelines of an ancient ice-dammed loch that existed during a brief period (some 900–1,100 years in duration) of climatic deterioration, during a much longer period of deglaciation, subsequent to the last main ice age (the Devensian). From a distance they resemble man-made roads running along the side of the glen, hence the name. Much of the glen is designated as a national nature reserve.
Glen Roy runs north from Glen Spean which takes the main A86 trunk road and the railway of the West Highland Line, both running about a further southwest via Spean Bridge to Fort William. The village of Roybridge and Roy Bridge railway station are sited where the River Roy joins the River Spean, and from there a narrow single-track road runs north up the glen for almost to Brae Roy Lodge.
The Parallel Roads of Glen Roy.
The Parallel Roads of Glen Roy, Scottish Highlands, represent a series of ice-dammed proglacial lake shorelines produced during the cold climate of the Younger Dryas (GS1). It has been demonstrated by "Dawson, Hampton, Harrison, Greengrass and Fretwell (2002)" that each lake shoreline exhibits evidence of glacio-isostatic tilting associated with the decay of the last (Late Devensian) ice sheet. The directions of tilting of the three shorelines (in the quadrant between north and east), are at variance with published glacio-isostatic uplift isobases based on marine shoreline data that suggest a pattern of decreased uplift towards the northwest. The gradient of shoreline tilting (between 0.11 and 0.14 m/km) is similar to measured regional tilts of a well-developed marine shoreline (the Main Rock Platform) considered to have been produced in Scotland during the same period of extreme cold climate. Consideration of the ice-dammed lake shoreline data also points to the former occurrence of two separate episodes of tectonic activity during the Younger Dryas (Greenland Stadial 1 - GS1).
Historic geological investigations.
In the 19th century, the Parallel Roads attracted the attention of many early geologists, including the Reverend William Buckland, Charles Lyell, James Nicol, Charles Babbage, James Geikie, and Joseph Prestwich. This interest ensured that the Parallel Roads featured prominently in the development of geological science.
Charles Darwin visited the glen in June 1838 and, drawing on his recent findings in South America during the "Beagle" expedition concluded that the shorelines were raised beaches of marine origin. His paper on the subject was published in 1839 in the "Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society". This was contradicted in 1840 by Louis Agassiz's Glacial theory which postulated that the Glen Roy shorelines had been cut by freeze-thaw processes of loch ice during the maximum extent of glacial ice in the climatic reversal known as the Younger Dryas / Greenland Stadial, or locally the Loch Lomond Readvance. Darwin defended his paper over many years.
In 1861 Thomas Jamieson was advised by Lyell and Darwin about visiting the Glen, and given memoranda and maps by Darwin. After visiting the glen a second time in the summer of 1862, Jamieson wrote to Lyell on 15 August reporting his findings. On 6 September Darwin told Lyell and Jamieson that he was convinced: "My paper is one long gigantic blunder". Jamieson's paper on his investigations was published in 1863. Four decades after Darwin's 1839 paper and shortly before his death, in a letter to Joseph Prestwich, he said that he gave up his Glen Roy theory when he read T. F. Jamieson's (1863) paper but he agreed with Prestwich's criticism of Jamieson's interpretation of the Glen Turret delta.
Interest in the Parallel Roads continues to this day, both among earth scientists intrigued by the dramatic processes that shaped that landscape, and among tourists attracted by the natural wonder of the landforms.
Conservation designations.
Glen Roy is a national nature reserve (NNR), managed by NatureScot. Glen Roy was acquired by the then Nature Conservancy in 1970 and declared a national nature reserve in order to protect the site against proposed afforestation. Whilst Glen Roy is also protected as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), at that time this accolade offered much weaker protection than it does today. Protection now comes from both its SSSI and NNR status. The NNR is designated a Category III protected area by the International Union for Conservation of Nature. Glen Roy is also defined as one of the core areas of the Lochaber Geopark.
The Glen Roy Lifting Stones.
A pair of historic lifting stones can be found in Glen Roy these are 137kg (The 'Grey Mountain') and 133kg (Sister Red). The exact location is as follows: an example of a full shoulder lift can be seen here: 

</doc>
<doc id="6929932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929932" title="Coxy">
Coxy

Coxy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6929933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929933" title="State Route 42 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 42 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6929934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929934" title="Vultures (Smile Empty Soul album)">
Vultures (Smile Empty Soul album)

Vultures is the third studio album by American rock band Smile Empty Soul. The album was released on October 24, 2006, by Bieler Bros. Records. The album has sold 70,000 units.
Track listing.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="6929935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929935" title="Transversospinales">
Transversospinales

The transversospinales are a group of muscles of the human back. Their combined action is rotation and extension of the vertebral column. These muscles are small and have a poor mechanical advantage for contributing to motion. They include: the three semispinalis muscles, the multifidus muscle, and the rotatores muscles.
Location.
The three semispinalis muscles, span 4-6 vertebral segments:
The multifidus muscle, and spans 2-4 vertebral segments
The rotatores muscles, lie beneath the multifidus, and spans 1-2 vertebral segments

</doc>
<doc id="6929939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929939" title="Eastern Equine Encephalitis">
Eastern Equine Encephalitis



</doc>
<doc id="6929942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929942" title="2006 Cleveland Browns season">
2006 Cleveland Browns season

The 2006 Cleveland Browns season was the team’s 58th season as a professional sports franchise and its 54th season as a member of the National Football League (NFL). It began with the team attempting to improve upon their win–loss record from 2005, where the team ended the year at 6–10. They were one of the most active teams during the free agency period, and looked to be one of the most improved teams of the season at the end of the NFL Draft. They experienced many setbacks during training camp, from which they never fully recovered. By the end of the season they had finished 4–12, losing two more games than the previous season.
Offseason.
Free agency.
The Cleveland Browns’ front office was busy during the first several days off the freeagent signing period, looking to help the team by signing players who they felt would make immediate impacts upon the team. On the first day, the Browns signed center LeCharles Bentley, wide receiver Joe Jurevicius, and offensive tackle Kevin Shaffer. Bentley and Shaffer were signed to help protect second-year quarterback Charlie Frye in the pocket, and Jurevicius was signed to provide veteran support to the Browns' young receiving corps, which then-consisted of Braylon Edwards, Josh Cribbs, and veteran Dennis Northcutt. On the second day of the free-agent period, the Browns signed punter Dave Zastudil to replace Kyle Richardson, and to establish a good punting game. An interesting fact about the Browns' free-agent signings deals with the fact that Bentley, Jurevicius, and Zastudil are each Ohio-natives, and expressed their wish to play for the Browns at some point in their careers. A day after signing Zastudil, the Browns signed veteran nose tackle Ted Washington in an attempt to improve the Browns' run defense. After signing Washington, the Browns made their final key free-agent signing, by inking a deal with linebacker Willie McGinest. McGinest was signed to provide veteran support among the Browns' linebacking corps, and brought back under the direction of head coach Romeo Crennel, who coached McGinest defensively through three Super Bowls while in New England.
2006 NFL draft.
As the 2006 NFL draft neared in late April, the Browns had already filled in many of their holes through free agency, and would primarily be looking for players who would help the 4–3 defense. The Browns had their eyes set on Haloti Ngata, who they would presumably build up to take over for Ted Washington. On the day of the draft, the Browns traded their 12th pick to the Baltimore Ravens for the 13th pick and a 6th round pick. Baltimore used the pick to take Ngata, while the Browns selected outside linebacker Kamerion Wimbley, the player who Cleveland GM Phil Savage had wanted the whole time. The selection of inside linebacker D'Qwell Jackson in the second round created a linebacker core of Andra Davis, Jackson, McGinest, and Wimbley. Wide receiver Travis Wilson was selected in the 3rd round as a developmental project and future possession receiver. On day two of the draft, seven other players were taken; linebacker Leon Williams, offensive tackle Isaac Sowells, running back Jerome Harrison, cornerback DeMario Minter, fullback Lawrence Vickers, nose tackle Babatunde Oshinowo, and safety Justin Hamilton. Minter ended up being the only rookie not playing a down that season due to injury. The way the Browns handled the draft was mostly praised, filling in their voids and finding future starters in late rounds.
Trades.
During the 2006 offseason, the Cleveland Browns made two significant trades. Their first would be trading veteran quarterback Trent Dilfer to the San Francisco 49ers for fourth-year quarterback Ken Dorsey. The trade was an important step in solidifying second-year quarterback Charlie Frye as the Browns' starting quarterback heading into the 2006 regular season. The other important trade the Browns made would fill the void at center left by newly acquired free agent LeCharles Bentley. The Browns traded a conditional 2008 draft choice to the Philadelphia Eagles for center Hank Fraley. The Browns subsequently signed Fraley to a one-year contract.
Center troubles during training camp.
On July 27, the first day of the Cleveland Browns' training camp, free agent center LeCharles Bentley suffered a season-ending knee injury during the first contact play of camp. Bentley was quoted as saying, "No one touched me. It was a freak thing. I took two steps, felt the injury and that was it. It felt like someone had kicked me." Bentley also said that he's "[...] never been a patient person", and that "[...] [l]earning to adjust my body and my limitations is going to be a difficult challenge. When it's all said and done, it's going to make me better." Bentley was expected to help protect second-year quarterback Charlie Frye.
After news of Bentley's injuring, backup center Bob Hallen left training camp, leaving the team without a center. On July 30, the Browns signed veteran center Todd Washington. On August 7, Washington announced his retirement. On August 12, Hallen announced his retirement, citing two herniated discs and stenosis as the reason for his retirement. The Browns faced even more problems when third-string center Alonzo Ephraim, who was signed following Bentley's injury, was suspended for substance abuse. August 17 saw the Browns center woes diminishing slightly, as they acquired Ross Tucker from the Patriots. On August 24, the Browns acquired center Lennie Friedman from the Chicago Bears for a conditional 2007 draft choice. On September 2, the Browns finally found what they had been looking for when they traded a conditional 2008 draft choice to the Philadelphia Eagles for center Hank Fraley. Upon signing Fraley, Ross Tucker's contract was terminated.
Preseason.
The Cleveland Browns started off with a 20–7 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles. Next, they managed to get their first preseason win at home 20–16 against the Detroit Lions. They then won their first preseason away game 20–17 against the Buffalo Bills, before losing their final preseason game at home against the Chicago Bears 20–7. The Cleveland Browns came out of their preseason with a record of 2–2. Their performance during the pre-season showed promise for the team heading into the regular season.
Regular season.
Schedule.
Note: Intra-divisional opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries.
Week 1 vs New Orleans Saints.
"at Cleveland Browns Stadium, Cleveland, Ohio"
On the first play from scrimmage, quarterback Charlie Frye completed a 74-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Braylon Edwards. However, because of a holding penalty on tackle Kevin Shaffer, the play was called back. The Browns would only manage 56 yards of total offense during the first half of play. By halftime, New Orleans was leading the game 9–0, because of three field goals (43 yards in the first quarter, 25 and 21 yards in the second) by kicker John Carney.
In the second half, Frye completed an 18-yard touchdown pass to tight end Kellen Winslow, marking his first career touchdown reception. However, the Saints burgeoned their lead, with opposing quarterback Drew Brees completing a 12-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Marques Colston. In the fourth quarter, Frye brought the Browns within two points of the lead when he rushed for a 1-yard touchdown. A 20-yard field goal from Carney put the Saints up for good, 19–14. The Browns were threatening in Saints territory as the clock was winding down, but a Frye pass deflected off Edwards' chest and into the hands of safety Josh Bullocks. With the loss the Browns began their season 0–1. 0–1 against NFC opponents.
Week 2 at Cincinnati Bengals.
"at Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati"
The Browns traveled to Cincinnati for their week two match-up against the Cincinnati Bengals at Paul Brown Stadium.
The Browns offense struggled for the second straight week, turning in only 56 rushing yards. Despite Charlie Frye passing for 244 yards, he threw no touchdowns and two interceptions. The Bengals scored three times in the first half. Wide receiver Kelley Washington caught a 22-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Carson Palmer, and wide receiver Chad Johnson caught an 8-yard touchdown pass from Palmer, in the first quarter. Kicker Shayne Graham added three more points in the second quarter with a 37-yard field goal. Phil Dawson put the Browns' only points on the board in the first quarter with a 30-yard field goal.
The second half was slightly better for the Browns, with their defense holding the Bengals scoreless in the third quarter. After a field goal from 37 yards by Graham in the fourth quarter, the Browns capped off a 76-yard drive with Reuben Droughns' first rushing touchdown of the season. The Browns had excellent field position for that drive because of a 75-yard pass from Frye to Braylon Edwards. Running back Rudi Johnson then scored two touchdowns from 1 yard and 9 yards out. Charlie Frye put the Browns' final points on the board when he ran in from two yards out for the score. In the end though, the Browns would end up losing Round 1 of 2006's Battle for Ohio while dropping to 0–2. 0–1 against division rivals and 0–1 in conference games.
Week 3 vs Baltimore Ravens.
"at Cleveland Browns Stadium, Cleveland, Ohio"
The Browns returned home, still searching for their first win of the year, with a Week 3 division battle, against the Baltimore Ravens. The Ravens drew first blood in the first quarter, as kicker Matt Stover kicked a 32-yard field goal for the only score of the quarter. In the second quarter, the Browns came to life, as QB Charlie Frye completed a 58-yard TD pass to WR Braylon Edwards and Frye managed to get a TD on a 1-yard TD run. After a scoreless third quarter, it seemed that Cleveland would finally get its first victory, but in the fourth quarter, the Ravens managed to fly back into the game. QB Steve McNair would complete a 3-yard TD pass to TE Todd Heap. Finally, Stover would help Baltimore steal one from the Browns, with a 43-yard and a 52-yard field goal. With their last-second loss, the Browns fell to 0–3. 0–2 against division rivals and 0–2 in conference games.
Week 4 at Oakland Raiders.
"at McAfee Coliseum, Oakland, California"
The Browns flew to McAfee Coliseum to take on the Oakland Raiders, still hoping for their first win of the year. From the get-go, things immediately got ugly, as RB Reuben Droughns fumbled and LB Sam Williams picked up the ball for a 30-yard return touchdown. In the second quarter, the Browns' woes continued, as QB Andrew Walter completed a 5-yard TD pass to WR Randy Moss. Cleveland would get a 28-yard field goal by kicker Phil Dawson, but Oakland continued to pour on the hurt as RB LaMont Jordan ran 59 yards for a touchdown. The Browns would get a touchdown before halftime, as QB Charlie Frye completed a 3-yard TD pass to TE Darnell Dinkins. In the third quarter, Cleveland finally managed to click on all cylinders, as Frye completed two more TD passes to TE Kellen Winslow (a 2-yard pass) and WR Joe Jurevicius (a 5-yard pass) to take the lead. Afterward, the Browns held on for the rest of the game to finally get their first win of the year causing them to improve to 1–3. 1–2 in conference games.
Week 5 at Carolina Panthers.
"at Bank of America Stadium, Charlotte, North Carolina"
Hoping to build on their win in Oakland, the Browns flew to Bank of America Stadium for a Week 5 match-up with the Carolina Panthers. The Browns would score first, as kicker Phil Dawson got a 41-yard field goal, but the Panthers did better, as CB Richard Marshall intercepted a pass that bounced off WR Dennis Northcutt's hands and returned it 30 yards for a touchdown. In the second quarter, Cleveland's struggles continued as Panthers QB Jake Delhomme completed a 17-yard TD pass to WR Keyshawn Johnson for the only score of the second period. Johnson was being covered by safety Brodney Pool, who was forced to play cornerback due to injuries to Gary Baxter and Leigh Bodden.
In the third quarter, both sides would get field goals, as Carolina kicker John Kasay kicked a 22-yarder, while Dawson made a 47-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Browns got closer with Dawson's 22-yard field goal, but the Panthers managed to put the game away, as Kasay got a 19-yard field goal and gave the Panthers a huge lead. Even though Dawson would make a 32-yard field goal, Cleveland's struggles continued to hurt them, as they went into their bye week at 1–4. 0–2 against NFC opponents.
Week 7 vs Denver Broncos.
"at Cleveland Browns Stadium, Cleveland, Ohio"
Coming off their bye week, the Browns headed back home to Cleveland Browns Stadium for a rendezvous with their old rival, the Denver Broncos.
The Broncos' Jason Elam kicked a 32-yard field goal early in the second quarter for a 3–0 lead. Then, right after the two-minute warning, Tatum Bell rushed to the right for a 9-yard touchdown run. The halftime score was 10–0. In the first half, the Browns offense earned just four first downs, scored no points, and Charlie Frye was sacked three times.
With 9:13 remaining in the third quarter, Jake Plummer connected with rookie Brandon Marshall for a nine-yard touchdown to make the score 17–0. After Champ Bailey intercepted Charlie Frye in the fourth quarter, Andra Davis returned the favor by intercepting Jake Plummer and set the Browns offense up at the Denver 18. Two short plays later, Frye passed to Joe Jurevicius for a 6-yard touchdown catch. It was only the second touchdown allowed by Denver's defense all season and it was the first 4th-quarter touchdown of Charlie Frye's career.
However, Cleveland's last two possessions did not result in a comeback. Denver held on for a 17–7 victory.
Two days after the game, offensive coordinator Maurice Carthon resigned.
With the loss, the Browns fell to 1–5. 1–3 in conference games.
Week 8 vs New York Jets.
"at Cleveland Browns Stadium, Cleveland, Ohio"
The Browns entered week 8 against the New York Jets with Jeff Davidson taking over for Carthon as offensive coordinator. An 8-minute opening drive by the Jets would result in a Mike Nugent 27-yard field goal, which the Browns matched with a Phil Dawson 47-yard kick. In the 2nd quarter, an interception by the Browns' Sean Jones set up a 2-yard touchdown run by Reuben Droughns. The Browns failed to score on a deep drive at the end of the half, with Dawson missing a 26-yard field goal try, and the teams headed into the break at 10–3.
The Browns opened the third quarter with a 57-yard drive capped by a Kellen Winslow touchdown reception for 30 yards. Later in the quarter, a Leon Washington fumble led to another field goal for the Browns. Justin Miller would answer back, however, by taking the ensuing kickoff 99 yards for a touchdown. After a Browns punt, the Jets moved down the field and got a 47-yard field goal from Nugent. The Browns offense stalled out in the fourth quarter, but the defense played well. Sean Jones got another interception midway through the fourth quarter, and a late drive by the Jets failed as Chad Pennington's final throw to the endzone was caught by Chris Baker; however, the officials ruled that he would have landed out of bounds even if the Browns' Brodney Pool hadn't pushed him. The play was not reviewed even after the Jets called a time-out for the booth official to think it over, and the Browns hung on to win.
With the win, the Browns improved to 2–5.
Week 9 at San Diego Chargers.
"at Qualcomm Stadium, San Diego, California"
Hoping to build on their home win over the Jets, the Browns flew to Qualcomm Stadium to take on the throwback-clad San Diego Chargers. In the first quarter, things started off close with Chargers kicker Nate Kaeding getting a 29-yard field goal, while Browns kicker Phil Dawson nailed a 37-yarder. In the second quarter, Dawson would get a 20-yard field goal for Cleveland. However, San Diego got the first touchdown of the game, as LB Marques Harris recovered a fumble in the Browns endzone for a touchdown. Dawson would supply the scoring for Cleveland for the rest of the half, as he nailed a 42-yarder and a 30-yarder. In the third quarter, the Chargers gained some momentum, as RB LaDainian Tomlinson, after getting bottled up in the first half, broke out with a 41-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Dawson would get another field goal, which came from 36 yards out. However, San Diego would respond with Tomlinson getting a 7-yard TD run. Cleveland would have Dawson get a 35-yard field goal, yet Tomlinson would get an 8-yard TD run, which was followed by a successful two-point conversion from QB Philip Rivers to WR Vincent Jackson. The Browns would finally get a touchdown, as QB Charlie Frye completed a 4-yard TD pass to WR Braylon Edwards. Unfortunately, the damage was already done. With the loss, Cleveland would fall to 2–6.
Week 10: at Atlanta Falcons.
Facing a desperate season verging on the point of disaster yet again, the Browns traveled again in Week 10 to the Georgia Dome in Atlanta to meet the Atlanta Falcons. The 5–3 Falcons were determined to rebound from their disappointed Week 9 loss to the Detroit Lions. In the first quarter, nothing happened until very late. With 3:33 remaining in the quarter, Browns quarterback Charlie Frye connected on a 40-yard pass to tight end Kellen Winslow. That put the Browns on the Atlanta 6-yard line and 3 plays later, on 4th and 1, the Browns scored on a run by running back Reuben Droughns and the Browns took a 7–0 lead. The second quarter started with a bang for the Browns. Atlanta had 2nd and 9 on the Cleveland 49 when Falcons quarterback Michael Vick threw an interception to Browns safety Sean Jones. The Browns drove the ball quickly down the field and, with 11:59 remaining in the quarter, Charlie Frye connected with tight end Braylon Edwards on a 19-yard touchdown pass. The Browns lead was 14–0. At the two-minute-warning, Reuben Droughns fumbled on the Atlanta 35. The Falcons attempted a two-minute-drill offense, but the Browns stood Vick up at the Browns 26. However, Falcons kicker Morten Andersen kicked a 44-yard field goal to get on the board 14–3 at halftime
Very little happened in the third quarter. Michael Vick was driving in Cleveland territory with 5:28 remaining when he was intercepted again by Browns safety Brodney Pool. However, the ensuing Browns possession resulted in a Dave Zastudil punt. The punt was out of their own endzone and was returned to the Browns 12. It took two plays for Vick to connect with wide receiver Michael Jenkins for a touchdown. The score was then 14–10. The possibility of success seemed unlikely for the Browns in the fourth quarter. After the teams each went three and out, Atlanta gained favorable field position and were able to bring Andersen in for a 46-yard field goal. At that point the Browns were leading 14–13. The next drive for the Browns looked promising. After two passes to tight end Steve Heiden and a 36-yard pass to Kellen Winslow, the Browns then faltered and had to settle for a 43-yard Phil Dawson field goal. The score was 17–13.
With 3:18 remaining in the game, Atlanta took over on their own 28-yard line. Down by 4, Vick let in loose downfield to an open receiver Roddy White for a 55-yard gain. The Falcons then committed a 10-yard penalty and Vick threw an incomplete pass. With 2nd and 20 on the Cleveland 27, Vick fumbled the ball on 3rd down to a waiting Browns rookie cornerback Jereme Perry. Out of timeouts, the Falcons fell for a second week in a row to the Browns.
Week 11 vs Pittsburgh Steelers.
"at Cleveland Browns Stadium, Cleveland, Ohio"
Hoping to build on their road win over the Falcons, the Browns returned home for Round 1 of their rust belt battle with the Pittsburgh Steelers. After a scoreless first quarter, the Browns struck first as CB Daven Holly returned an interception 57 yards for a touchdown. Later, kicker Phil Dawson completed a 23-yard field goal. In the third quarter, Steelers kicker Jeff Reed completed a 43-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, the true nature of the rivalry would commence. Dawson would give Cleveland a 35-yard field goal, but Pittsburgh responded with QB Ben Roethlisberger completing a 20-yard TD pass to rookie WR Santonio Holmes. WR Josh Cribbs would return a kick off 92 yards for a touchdown to give the Browns a 20–10 lead. However, the Steelers would take the lead with RB Willie Parker getting a 1-yard TD run and a 4-yard touchdown reception. The Browns final drive of the game almost came up successful, but QB Charlie Frye's 22-yard pass to WR Braylon Edwards fell incomplete. With the loss, Cleveland fell to last place in the AFC North at 3–7.
Week 12 vs Cincinnati Bengals.
"at Cleveland Browns Stadium, Cleveland, Ohio"
Coming off a devastating home loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers, the Browns stayed at home as they faced the Cincinnati Bengals in Round 2 of the Battle of Ohio. However, this match-up would find Cleveland not scoring a single point all game. In the first quarter, Bengals RB Rudi Johnson got a 1-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, QB Carson Palmer completed a 7-yard TD pass to WR Chris Henry, while kicker Shayne Graham got a 24-yard field goal for another uncontested 10 points. In the third quarter, Palmer would hook up with WR T. J. Houshmandzadeh on a 6-yard TD pass (along with a failed PAT) for the only score of the period. In the fourth, Palmer and Henry wrapped up the game on a 10-yard TD pass, shutting out the Cleveland Browns on their home field, 30–0. With the second loss in a row at their home stadium, the Browns fell to 3–8.
Braylon Edwards was involved in a highly publicized altercation with Charlie Frye on the sideline during the game, resulting in Edwards issuing a formal apology for his actions.
Week 13 vs Kansas City Chiefs.
"at Cleveland Browns Stadium, Cleveland, Ohio"
The Browns came into the game hoping to rebound from the humiliating loss to the Bengals. They came out strong, striking first with a touchdown pass from Frye to Braylon Edwards, and an impressive defensive stop. The Chiefs responded, however, and Trent Green tied the game up 7–7 on a 22-yard pass to Eddie Kennison. They scored again 8 minutes later, this time a 9-yard TD pass to Tony Gonzalez. The Browns fought back, and just before halftime, Droughns ran 1 yard into the endzone, to tie it up at 14 going into halftime. Starting QB Charlie Frye was injured in the first half and, despite attempting a return, came out in the third quarter with a brace on his wrist and no shoulder pads. Derek Anderson took over the game for the Browns.
The second half started out poorly, as Kansas City scored two more touchdowns on passes to Kris Wilson and Tony Gonzalez. The Browns came back to life in the final 9 minutes, with two touchdown passes from Anderson to Steve Heiden, one with 30 seconds left on the clock.
In overtime, the Chiefs won the toss, but the stingy Browns defense forced a punt. A key pass from Anderson to Winslow moved the ball up, and Anderson came back out and ran for a large 33-yard gain, bringing the ball inside the 20-yard line. (It was the longest run from scrimmage for the Browns so far during the season.) Dawson sealed the deal with a 33-yard field goal to win the game.
Week 14 at Pittsburgh Steelers.
"at Heinz Field, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania"
Coming off a surprising upset over the Chiefs, the Browns flew to Heinz Field for Round 2 of the Rustbelt Rivalry with the Pittsburgh Steelers on Thursday night. In the first quarter, Cleveland trailed as QB Ben Roethlisberger completed a 49-yard TD pass to WR Nate Washington for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Browns trailed even further as kicker Jeff Reed nailed a 23-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the third quarter, Cleveland's ineffectiveness against Pittsburgh continued as Roethlisberger scored a touchdown on a 2-yard QB sneak, while RB Willie Parker got a 3-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, Reed managed to put the game well out the Browns' reach with a 28-yard field goal. Cleveland would score a touchdown as QB Derek Anderson completed a 45-TD pass to WR Braylon Edwards, yet it would be their only score and their only highlight of the game, as the receiving corps had many dropped passes. With another sweep by the Steelers, the Browns fell to 4–9.
Week 15 at Baltimore Ravens.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland"
Following their road loss to the Steelers, the Browns flew to M&amp;T Bank Stadium for an AFC North rematch with the Baltimore Ravens. In the first quarter, Cleveland led early with kicker Phil Dawson getting a 51-yard field goal. However, the Ravens took the lead with RB Jamal Lewis getting a 7-yard TD run. In the second quarter, Kyle Boller took over at QB for the Ravens after starting QB Steve McNair went out with a hand injury. Baltimore's lead increased when Boller completed 9-yard TD pass to FB Ovie Mughelli and kicker Matt Stover completed a 38-yard field goal. However, the Browns showed signs of life as QB Derek Anderson completed a 3-yard TD pass to WR Joe Jurevicius. In the third quarter, Cleveland tied the game at 17–17 with Anderson's 14-yard TD pass to WR Braylon Edwards. However, the Ravens took over for the rest of the game with Boller's 77-yard TD pass to WR Demetrius Williams. In the fourth quarter, Baltimore wrapped the game up with Stover's 22-yard field goal. With the loss, the Browns fell 4–10. For the first time in the history of the Cleveland Browns, the team did not win a game in their own division.
Week 16 vs Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
"at Cleveland Browns Stadium, Cleveland, Ohio"
Trying to snap a two-game losing skid, the Browns played their final home game of the year in a Week 16 interconference fight with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. In the first half, Cleveland trailed as Buccaneers' kicker Matt Bryant kicked a 23-yard field goal in the first quarter and a 24-yard field goal in the second quarter. In the third quarter, Tampa Bay continued its pounding with RB Michael Pittman's 11-yard TD run (with the following PAT being blocked). In the fourth quarter, the Buccaneers further increased their lead with OLB Derrick Brooks returning an interception 21 yards for a touchdown. Afterward, the Browns got their only score of the game with CB Daven Holly returning a fumble 40 yards for a touchdown. Then, the Buccaneers wrapped up the game with Bryant kicking a 37-yard field goal. With the loss, Cleveland fell to 4–11.
Week 17 at Houston Texans.
"at Reliant Stadium, Houston, Texas"
Trying to end their season on a high note, the Browns flew to Reliant Stadium for the third-straight year to take on the Houston Texans. Charlie Frye convinced Coach Crennel to allow him to start despite having a deep bone bruise in his wrist. After a scoreless first quarter, the Browns struck first with kicker Phil Dawson getting a 43-yard field goal for the only score of the period. However, in the third quarter, Cleveland's ineffectiveness continued to show as Texans RB Chris Taylor got a 5-yard TD run, while DT Anthony Maddox returned a fumble 47 yards for a touchdown. In the fourth quarter, the only thing that the Browns could muster was Dawson's 36-yard field goal. With four-straight losses to end the season, Cleveland ended its season at 4–12. The Browns season ended with 12 players in the Injured Reserve list, many of them starters.

</doc>
<doc id="6929945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929945" title="Valerie Wilson">
Valerie Wilson

Valerie Wilson may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="6929946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929946" title="Bayonetted">
Bayonetted



</doc>
<doc id="6929960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929960" title="UEFA Euro 1976 qualifying">
UEFA Euro 1976 qualifying

The qualifying round for the 1976 European Football Championship consisted of 32 teams divided into eight groups of four teams. Each group winner progressed to the quarter-finals. The quarter-finals were played in two legs on a home-and-away basis. The winners of the quarter-finals would go through to the final tournament.
Qualified teams.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;
&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Tiebreakers.
If two or more teams finished level on points after completion of the group matches, the following tie-breakers were used to determine the final ranking:

</doc>
<doc id="6929966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929966" title="Thandi Klaasen">
Thandi Klaasen

Thandi Klaasen (born Thandiwe Nelly Mpambani, 27 September 1931 – 15 January 2017) was a jazz musician from Sophiatown, Gauteng. She was the mother of singer Lorraine Klaasen.
Biography.
Thandiwe Nelly Mpambani grew up in Sophiatown, the daughter of a shoemaker and a domestic worker. When she was a teenager, she was attacked with an acid bomb and her face was permanently scarred. Her career as a singer and dancer began in the mid-1950s.
Klaasen performed with Dolly Rathebe, Miriam Makeba, Dorothy Masuka, and others. She died from pancreatic cancer on 15 January 2017, aged 85, and was given a state funeral.
Awards.
Klaasen was awarded the Order of Ikhamanga in Gold (2006) for "excellent achievement in and contribution to the art of Music". In August 2013, as part of the Women's Month celebrations, Klaasen and four other icons of South African jazz - Abigail Kubeka, Dorothy Masuka, Sathima Bea Benjamin and Sylvia Mdunyelwa - were honoured by Standard Bank with lifetime achievement awards. Other awards she has received include the Woman of Distinction Award received in Canada (1999), and a lifetime achievement award at the 2006 South African Music Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="6929968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929968" title="Calais (Parliament of England constituency)">
Calais (Parliament of England constituency)

Calais (dated, Cales ) was a former constituency of the Parliament of England.
The Flemish town of Calais was under the English rule from 1347- 7th January 1558. During part of that time it was represented in the Parliament of England by two members.
In 1360 the Treaty of Brétigny assigned Guînes, Marck and Calais – collectively the "Pale of Cales" – to English rule in perpetuity, but in a daring raid during the rule of Mary I, was retaken by France. In 1363 the town was made a staple port.
Reforms in the representation of the town.
King Henry VIII of England decided to modify the arrangements for the government of Calais. A statute (27 Hen. 8. c. 63) made provision for two members to be returned to the Parliament of England. One member was to be nominated, elected and chosen by the Deputy (the king's representative in the town) and his council. The other member was to be nominated, elected and chosen by the mayor and his council.
Under the provisions of the statute, members were elected to ten parliaments. On 6 December 1557 a writ was issued for the election of members to an eleventh parliament, but before it met Calais had fallen to the French.

</doc>
<doc id="6929969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929969" title="Second Coalition">
Second Coalition



</doc>
<doc id="6929974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929974" title="Magnuson-Moss Act">
Magnuson-Moss Act



</doc>
<doc id="6929975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929975" title="List of noble prize winners">
List of noble prize winners



</doc>
<doc id="6929978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929978" title="Alfred frankenstein">
Alfred frankenstein



</doc>
<doc id="6929981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929981" title="Fourth Coalition">
Fourth Coalition



</doc>
<doc id="6929984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929984" title="Misirli Ahmet">
Misirli Ahmet



</doc>
<doc id="6929985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929985" title="Northern wobbegong">
Northern wobbegong

The northern wobbegong ("Orectolobus wardi") is a carpet shark in the family Orectolobidae, found in the western Pacific Ocean around Australia, between latitudes 9° S to 26° S. It reaches a length of 63 cm.
Captivity.
Northern wobbegongs are excellent aquarium sharks due to their small (30 inch) adult size. They can be successfully reared in 135 gallon aquaria, but sharks in general tend to do better in aquaria 180 gallons or more in volume.

</doc>
<doc id="6929986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929986" title="Beck discography">
Beck discography

The discography of Beck, an American rock musician, singer-songwriter, record producer and multi-instrumentalist, consists of 14 studio albums, one compilation album, one remix album, four extended plays (EPs) and 60 singles. With a pop art collage of musical styles, oblique and ironic lyrics, and postmodern arrangements incorporating samples, drum machines, live instrumentation and sound effects, Beck has been hailed by critics and the public throughout his musical career as being amongst the most creative and idiosyncratic musicians of 1990s and 2000s alternative rock.
Beck released his debut album "Golden Feelings" through independent record label Sonic Enemy in 1993. Later that year, his first singles, "Loser" and "MTV Makes Me Want to Smoke Crack", helped to quickly gain the attention of major record labels. In early 1994, after issuing "Stereopathetic Soulmanure" on Los Angeles-based independent Flipside Records, Beck made his major label debut with DGC Records, releasing "Mellow Gold" on March 1, 1994. The album's lead single "Loser" (previously available only as a standalone single on Bong Load Custom Records) reached No. 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and helped introduce Beck to a mainstream audience. That year, he released a fourth album, "One Foot in the Grave", on indie label K Records, which included appearances by members of Beat Happening, The Presidents of the United States of America and Built to Spill.
Beck released his breakthrough album "Odelay" on June 18, 1996, which included the successful singles "Where It's At", “Devils Haircut”, and "The New Pollution". In addition to critical acclaim, "Odelay" would go on to see double platinum certification in both the US and Canada. His next two albums, "Mutations" (1998) and "Midnite Vultures" (1999) maintained the eclectic sound Beck had become known for and saw favorable reviews with continued chart success. In 2002, "Sea Change" was released to considerable praise from both fans and critics, becoming Beck's first US Top 10 album, supported by a tour that featured The Flaming Lips as his backing band. Beck issued "Guero" on March 29, 2005, which would become his most successfully charting album to date, reaching No. 2 on the US "Billboard" 200. The album's first single "E-Pro" topped the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart, a feat not achieved by any Beck song since "Loser", over a decade earlier. Two additional US Top 10 albums followed, including "The Information" (2006) and "Modern Guilt" (2008), the latter of which gave Beck his first ever Top 10 placing on the UK Albums Chart. His next album, "Morning Phase" (2014), won him the 2015 Grammy Award for Album of the Year.
Collaborations.
The following releases include contributions from Beck as a producer, songwriter and/or performer.
Remix contributions.
The following releases feature songs that have been remixed by Beck.
Record Club.
In 2009, Beck founded Record Club, an informal meeting of various musicians with the goal of recording an album in one day. To date, albums covered include:
Soundtracks.
The following is a list of Beck songs that have appeared on film, games and television soundtracks.
Compilation appearances.
The following is a list of non-album tracks by Beck that have appeared on compilations, including tributes and samplers.

</doc>
<doc id="6929987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929987" title="Sixth Coalition">
Sixth Coalition



</doc>
<doc id="6929989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929989" title="Orectolobus wardi">
Orectolobus wardi



</doc>
<doc id="6929995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929995" title="2006 Atlanta Falcons season">
2006 Atlanta Falcons season

The 2006 Atlanta Falcons season was the franchise's 41st in the National Football League (NFL). The team attempted to improve on their 8–8 record in 2005.
Michael Vick became the first quarterback in modern NFL history to rush for over 1,000 yards, with 1,039. Running back Warrick Dunn rushed for 1,140 yards, making the 2006 Falcons only the fourth team in the history of the NFL and AFL since 1920 to have two 1,000-yard rushers. The Falcons are, however, the only team to have multiple 1,000-yard rushers and finish the season with a losing record.
This was the end of the Michael Vick era in Atlanta as his dog fighting case led to his departure from the team the following season.
Once again, the Falcons failed to make the playoffs despite beginning with a 5–2 record.
Schedule.
In the 2006 regular season, the Falcons’ non-divisional, conference opponents were primarily from the NFC East, although they also played the Detroit Lions from the NFC North, and the Arizona Cardinals from the NFC West. Their non-conference opponents were from the AFC North.
Regular season.
Week 1: at Carolina Panthers.
"at Bank of America Stadium, Charlotte, North Carolina" &lt;br&gt;
The Falcons opened the regular season on the road against the Carolina Panthers on September 10. Even though the Panthers scored first, with opposing kicker John Kasay getting a 54-yard field goal, the Falcons responded with a field goal of their own, as kicker Michael Koenen booted a 25-yarder. In the second quarter, the Falcons unleashed their best, as Koenen got a 32-yard field goal and QB Michael Vick completed a 34-yard pass to WR Michael Jenkins. The Panthers tried to respond in the third quarter with Kasay kicking a 46-yard field goal, but Vick and the Falcons put the game away with a 1-yard TD pass to TE Alge Crumpler. Other than Vick having a good game, Warrick Dunn contributed with 132 rushing yards, while Atlanta's newest member, defensive end John Abraham, had 5 tackles, 2 sacks and two forced fumbles.
With the win, the Falcons started the season at 1–0.
Week 2: vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
"at the Georgia Dome, Atlanta, Georgia" &lt;br&gt;
The Falcons entered their Week 2 home-opener against another NFC South rival, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. The only Atlanta scores of the game came in the first quarter, with a 1-yard TD run on QB Michael Vick's QB sneak. The only other Falcons score came in the second quarter, with RB Fred McCrary getting a 4-yard TD run. The Buccaneers only score of the game came in the second quarter, with opposing kicker Matt Bryant kicking a 22-yard field goal. The ground game made short work of the Tampa Defense, with Michael Vick and Warrick Dunn combining for 261 rushing yards. Rookie running back Jerious Norwood added 45 more rushing yards to the Falcon's total. The Falcons set a new franchise record for rushing yards in a game with 306. On the other side of the ball, the Falcons defense shut down the Tampa offense, with DeAngelo Hall picking off two passes and Jason Webster picking off one. Also, they held Tampa Bay RB Carnell "Cadillac" Williams to just 37 yards on 15 carries. Special teams struggled as kicker Michael Koenen missed three field goals and had one blocked, making him 2/8 so far this season.
With the win, the Falcons improved to 2–0.
Week 3: at New Orleans Saints.
"at the Louisiana Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana" &lt;br&gt;
Following two-straight wins over two division opponents (the Bucs and the Panthers), the Falcons flew to the Louisiana Superdome to take on the New Orleans Saints, who were playing in the Superdome for the first time since December 2004 due to Hurricane Katrina, for an NFC South match-up on Monday Night. From the get-go the Falcons trailed, when they had a punt blocked by Saints safety Steve Gleason and DB Curtis Deloatch landed on the ball in the end zone for the touchdown. The Falcons responded as kicker Morten Andersen kicked a 26-yard field goal. That was their only score of the night, as WR Devery Henderson ran for an 11-yard TD on a reverse. Then, Saints kicker John Carney provided the remaining points for the New Orleans, with two field goals in the second quarter (a 37-yarder and a 51-yarder) and one field goal in the third (a 20-yarder). The Falcons fell to 2–1. QB Michael Vick was sacked five times, while he and RB Warrick Dunn combined for only 101 rushing yards.
Week 4: vs. Arizona Cardinals.
"at the Georgia Dome, Atlanta, Georgia" &lt;br&gt;
Coming into this game, the Falcons were (once again) the number one rushing team in the NFL. Against the hapless Arizona Cardinals, QB Mike Vick and RB Jerious Norwood both ran for over 100 yards each, making the Falcons the only NFL team in history to have a quarterback and running back run for 100+ yards in a game "twice" in a franchise's history. (Vick and RB Warrick Dunn both surpassed the 100-yard rushing mark in Week 2). Jerious Norwood also set a new franchise record for the longest run in team history with a 78-yard touchdown. Atlanta's victory was led by their defense and they ended Kurt Warner’s undefeated streak at the Georgia Dome. Warner was promptly benched because of his sub-par play; Patrick Kerney’s two sacks didn't help his cause either. Matt Leinart played in his first NFL game as a rookie. Even with Arizona's adjustments, the Falcons managed to rebound and held on to win 32–10. Atlanta entered its bye week at 3–1.
Week 6: vs. New York Giants.
"at the Georgia Dome, Atlanta, Georgia"
Coming off their Bye Week, the Falcons lost their second game of the season against the New York Giants.
A defensive battle early in the game, the first quarter went scoreless. The Giants got on the board first when former Falcons kicker Jay Feely connected on a 21-yard field goal midway through the second quarter. The Falcons responded when quarterback Michael Vick scored on a 22-yard rushing touchdown to take a 7–3 halftime lead. Falcons running back Warrick Dunn opened the second half in a big way, scoring on a franchise record 90-yard touchdown run. That was all the Falcons had left as the Giants proceeded to score 24 unanswered points to take control of the game when many of the Falcons' vaunted defensive starters had to leave the game due to injury. Quarterback Eli Manning hit tight end Jeremy Shockey twice for touchdowns in the second half, and backup running back Brandon Jacobs ran one in. Giants running back Tiki Barber rushed for a season high 185 yards, and Feely added another field goal.
With the loss, the Falcons fell to 3–2.
Week 7: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers.
"at the Georgia Dome, Atlanta, Georgia" &lt;br&gt;
The Falcons welcomed the defending Super Bowl Champion Pittsburgh Steelers to town. The Falcons beat the Steelers in overtime, 41–38. The Falcons recovered a Steelers fumble after they punted to start the game. On the next play Michael Vick hit Alge Crumpler for a 22-yard touchdown pass. It was the first in a career-high four touchdown pass game for Vick. After Steelers’ kicker Jeff Reed kicked a 28-yard, the Steelers’ defense held and forced the Falcons to give up the ball again when Steelers' safety Troy Polamalu intercepted Vick. Steelers’ quarterback Ben Roethlisberger hit Georgia native and Steelers’ receiver Hines Ward for an 11-yard touchdown pass to give the Steelers a 10–7 lead after one quarter of play. On the next Steelers’ drive, Roethlisberger found Heath Miller for a 1-yard touchdown pass to give the Steelers a 17–7 lead. The Steelers then fumbled on the first play of their following drive and the Falcons took over. Six plays later Vick found Crumpler again, this time for a 3-yard touchdown pass to cut the Steelers’ lead to 17–14. The teams exchanged touchdowns and the Steelers led at halftime, 24–21. The first score of the second half came after another Steelers fumble when Warrick Dunn scored on a 3-yard touchdown run to put the Falcons ahead for the second time in the game, 28–24. Steelers' backup quarterback Charlie Batch, who came in for an injured Roethlisberger, hit Ward for a 70-yard touchdown pass to give the Steelers a 31–28 lead. The Falcons answered when Vick found Crumpler for a third time in the game with a 31-yard touchdown pass that put the Falcons ahead, 35–31. After the Falcons' Morten Andersen kicked a 25-yard field goal to give the Falcons a 38–31 lead, the Steelers came back again with a Batch 17-yard touchdown pass to tie the game at 38 and force overtime. In overtime the Falcons won the coin toss. Falcons' kicker Morten Andersen, after an 11-play 65-yard drive, put the capper on the game with a 32-yard field goal to give the Falcons an overtime victory over the Steelers as the team improved to 4–2.
Week 8: at Cincinnati Bengals.
"at Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio" &lt;br&gt;
In Week 8, the Falcons traveled to Paul Brown Stadium in Cincinnati to take on the Bengals. The star of the game was QB Michael Vick. Vick had the second best game of his career with a quarterback rating of 140.6, and passed for a season high 291 yards and touchdowns to Alge Crumpler, Michael Jenkins and Justin Griffith. The Falcons were down early to the Bengals 14–6, but were leading 29–20 with 7 minutes remaining. A late touchdown to the Bengals set up a thrilling finish to the match, with Atlanta's defence proving too tough for Cincinnati, sacking Bengals’ QB Carson Palmer to seal the match as the team's comeback win improved the team to 5–2.
Week 9: at Detroit Lions.
"at Ford Field, Detroit, Michigan" &lt;br&gt;
Coming off an impressive road performance against the Bengals, the Falcons flew to Ford Field for Week 9 as they took on the Detroit Lions. Atlanta fell behind early, as Lions kicker Jason Hanson kicked a 28-yard field goal, followed up by a 35-yard TD run by RB Kevin Jones. The Falcons scored on QB Michael Vick’s 19-yard TD pass to TE Alge Crumpler. In the second quarter, Jones scored another touchdown on a 2-yard run, while Atlanta RB Warrick Dunn scored on a 1-yard TD run. In the third quarter, Hanson kicked a 19-yard field goal for the Lions with the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, the Falcons fell as QB Jon Kitna completed a 60-yard TD pass to WR Roy Williams and Hanson kicked a 36-yard field goal to end the game in favor of Detroit. With the loss, the Falcons fell to 5–3.
Week 10: vs. Cleveland Browns.
"at the Georgia Dome, Atlanta, Georgia" &lt;br&gt;
It wasn't any easier for the Falcons hosting the Browns. Another below .500 opponent against whom the Falcons were favored to win and get back on track, the team's offense was stifled and had its production limited by the hard fighting defense of the Browns. After a battle of field position in which the Browns generally won, they decided to go for it on a 4th and 1 inside the 5-yard line of Falcons territory. After getting the touchdown from their running back, the Browns scored again on a slant rout to their receiver once again burning the Falcons secondary and were ahead 14–0. The Falcons could only manage to score a field goal before half-time, and even this field goal was preceded by wacky play of laterals by the Falcons failing to find the endzone. Nevertheless, the Falcons managed to score a touchdown via Michael Jenkins diving in the endzone, and it seemed Atlanta could make a stand. However, the Falcons did not get a call for a safety, and on the next drive the Browns scored another field goal. With a chance to go for the winning touchdown on the two-minute offense thanks to Roddy White's leaping catch, the Falcons threaten deep inside Browns territory. However, a weary Michael Vick, unable to find open receivers, soon tried to make the play for himself and scrambled, but held the ball loosely like in the Lions game. Without being hit, Vick fumbled the ball bouncing twice into his chest, and the ball popped loose to the Browns, ending the Falcons’ chance for a victory.
Week 11: at Baltimore Ravens.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland" &lt;br&gt;
The Falcons traveled to M&amp;T Bank Stadium in Baltimore to take on the Ravens only to succumb to the AFC North leader. At the start of the game Falcons jumped out a 7–0 lead. Michael Vick completed a 12-yard pass to WR Michael Jenkins for a touchdown, but the Ravens used the kick/punt returning of B.J. Sams to pick up an impressive 212 yards on six carries and dominate the second half. Michael Vick had six carries also, but could not gain sufficient yards against the sturdy Raven defense. Vick was also sacked a total of five times. The Falcons managed to kick a field goal to move the score to 10–17 during the second half, but RB Jamal Lewis ran 5 yards for one more touchdown, which made the score 10–24. Lewis finished with a 91-yard, 3-TD performance, ending his 35-game multi-TD drought. Michael Vick had 6 carries for 54 yards and completed 11 out of 21 passes for 127 yards. The Falcons dropped to a disappointing record of 5–5 and suffered their third consecutive loss.
Week 12: vs. New Orleans Saints.
"at the Georgia Dome, Atlanta, Georgia" &lt;br&gt;
Trying to end a three-game skid, the Falcons returned home for an NFC South rematch with the New Orleans Saints. From the get-go, the Falcons trailed as in the first quarter, QB Drew Brees completed a 76-yard TD pass to WR Devery Henderson, while RB Deuce McAllister got a 1-yard TD run. Atlanta responded with kicker Morten Andersen kicking a 22-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Andersen gave the Falcons a 30-yard field goal, yet New Orleans continued dominating with Brees completing an incredible 48-yard TD pass to WR Terrance Copper on the very last offensive play of the half. In the third quarter, RB Warrick Dunn gave Atlanta some room to operate, as he a 1-yard TD run for the only score of the half. However, in the fourth quarter, the Saints wrapped up the game with kicker John Carney getting a 25-yard field goal, while McAllister got a 9-yard TD run. After the game, as QB Michael Vick was leaving the field, he flicked off an insulting fan with both hands. He was fined $10,000 from the NFL and had to donate another $10,000 to charity. With their fourth-straight loss, the Falcons fell to 5–6.
Week 13: at Washington Redskins.
"at FedExField, Landover, Maryland" &lt;br&gt;
The Falcons visited FedExField in Landover, Maryland and defeated the Washington Redskins, ending a four-game losing skid. In the first quarter, the Redskins started strong with two touchdowns on their first two possessions. The first coming off an 8-yard TD run by RB Ladell Betts, and the second with QB Jason Campbell completing a 42-yard TD pass to WR Santana Moss. In the second quarter, the Falcons got on the board with a 34-yard field goal by kicker Morten Andersen and QB Michael Vick's 16-yard TD pass to TE Alge Crumpler. In the third quarter, Atlanta finally gained the lead when Vick connected with WR Michael Jenkins for a 22-yard TD pass. In the fourth quarter, the Falcons sealed the win with RB Jerious Norwood's 69-yard touchdown run. With the victory, Atlanta improved to 6–6.
Week 14: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
"at Raymond James Stadium, Tampa, Florida" &lt;br&gt;
The Falcons traveled to Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida on December 10 and squared off in an NFC South rematch against their division rival, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Their victory completed a season sweep. The first quarter started off with the Falcons punting away on their first possession. The Bucs then came back with a 10-play drive that resulted in a 42-yard field goal by kicker Matt Bryant. The second quarter saw Tampa Bay scoring another Bryant FG after a 12-play drive. In the third quarter, Atlanta scored their first points of the game off a 54-yard fumble return by OLB Demorrio Williams. The fumble occurred after Tampa QB Bruce Gradkowski lost the ball upon being sacked by Falcons DE John Abraham. Later in the same quarter, the Falcons went on to score another touchdown after a 21-yard run up the middle by FB Justin Griffith that completed a 9-play drive. Finally, in the fourth quarter, Atlanta sealed the game victory after picking up a field goal by kicker Morten Andersen that followed another Tampa Bay fumble by RB Carnell "Cadillac" Williams. Atlanta picked up its second win in a row, raising their record to 7–6.
Week 15: vs. Dallas Cowboys.
"at the Georgia Dome, Atlanta, Georgia" &lt;br&gt;
Coming off their season-sweep in Tampa over the Buccaneers, the Falcons went home for a crucial Saturday night fight with the Dallas Cowboys. In the first quarter, Atlanta trailed early with Cowboys QB Tony Romo completing a 7-yard TD pass to WR Terrell Owens for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Dallas’ lead increased with OLB returning an interception 41 yards for a touchdown on the very first play of the period. The Falcons fought back with QB Michael Vick throwing a 1-yard TD pass to FB Justin Griffith and a 9-yard TD pass to WR Michael Jenkins. It was after the second touchdown that an NFL record was set. After kicker Morten Andersen's extra point, he became the league's all-time leading scorer with 2,435 points. His total after the game was 2,437 points.
After Atlanta's second score of the game, the Cowboys jumped back into action, with Romo completing a 51-yard TD pass to Owens. The Falcons managed to tie the game going into halftime with Vick's 8-yard TD pass to WR Ashley Lelie. In the third quarter, Atlanta took the lead with Vick's 5-yard TD pass to Griffith. However, the joy was short-lived as Dallas took over for the rest of the game with kicker Martin Gramatica’s 48-yard field goal and RB Marion Barber’s 9-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, the Cowboys wrapped up the game with Barber's 3-yard TD run. With the loss, the Falcons fell to 7–7.
Along with Andersen’s record-setting night, Vick also managed to set a record for the most single-season rushing yards by a quarterback with 934 yards at game’s end, although he would play in only one more game. The entire Falcon rushing corps also broke the single-season rushing record that they set two seasons ago (which was 2,672) with a new record of 2,697 yards.
Week 16: vs. Carolina Panthers.
"at the Georgia Dome, Atlanta, Georgia" &lt;br&gt;
Hoping to rebound from their Saturday night loss to the Cowboys and keep any playoff hope alive, the Falcons stayed at home for Christmas Eve as they played an NFC South grudge match with the Carolina Panthers. In the first quarter, Atlanta struck first with kicker Morten Andersen nailing a 40-yard field goal for the only score of the period. However, in the second quarter, the Panthers took the lead and won with QB Chris Weinke completing a 1-yard TD pass to TE Jeff King and kicker John Kasay completing a 42-yard field goal. Afterwards, defense ruled the game and the Falcons ended up on the losing end. QB Michael Vick ended up with a dismal 9/20 for 109 yards with no touchdowns and two interceptions, yet he became the first quarterback in NFL history to rush for 1,000 yards in a season before being suspended for the next two years. This was the last time Vick wore a Falcon uniform.
Atlanta fell to 7–8 and also fell out of the playoff race with the New York Giants’ Week 17 Saturday night win over the Washington Redskins.
Week 17: at Philadelphia Eagles.
"at Lincoln Financial Field, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania" &lt;br&gt;
Trying to end their season on a positive note, the Falcons flew to Lincoln Financial Field for the first time since losing the 2004 NFC championship game, in a Week 17 intraconference fight with the playoff-bound Philadelphia Eagles. In the first quarter, the Eagles drew first blood as kicker David Akers nailed a 41-yard field goal. Afterwards, Atlanta took the lead with QB Matt Schaub who started due to Michael Vicks pending suspension completed a 7-yard TD pass to RB Warrick Dunn. However, Philadelphia flew back into the lead with back-up QB A. J. Feeley completing a 14-yard TD pass to TE Matt Schobel. In the second quarter, the Falcons tied the game with kicker Morten Andersen nailing a 45-yard field goal. However, the Eagles responded with Feeley completing a 5-yard TD pass to rookie WR Jason Avant. After a scoreless third quarter, Atlanta responded in the fourth quarter with back-up QB Schaub completing a 9-yard TD pass to TE Alge Crumpler. However, Philadelphia wrapped up the game via Feeley completing an 89-yard touchdown pass to WR Hank Baskett. With the loss, the Falcons ended their season at 7–9.
In the aftermath, Jim Mora Jr. ended up getting fired on New Year's Day, ending his three-year tenure as head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="6929997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929997" title="Citizen Erased">
Citizen Erased

"Citizen Erased" is a song by English rock band Muse. It is the sixth track on their second studio album, "Origin of Symmetry" (2001). Written by singer and guitarist Matt Bellamy, it is a grandiose, multi-section progressive rock and space rock song that serves as the centrepiece of "Origin of Symmetry". Despite having not been released as a single at first, it charted at No. 122 on the UK Singles Chart in 2007 and became a fan favourite. It was later given a new mix as part of "Origin of Symmetry: XX Anniversary RemiXX" in 2021 and was released as that album's lead single.
Recording and composition.
"Citizen Erased" was written by singer and guitarist Matt Bellamy, produced by John Leckie and Muse, and has a total runtime of 7 minutes and 21 seconds, making it one of the longest songs in Muse's discography. It was primarily recorded at Real World Studios in Box, Wiltshire. Musically, it has been described as progressive rock and space rock. The sixth track on "Origin of Symmetry" (2001), it has been regarded as the album's centrepiece. It features a multi-section arrangement that includes "twinkly, emotive arpeggios", as described by "Guitar.com".
The song was built around a funk-inspired drum beat developed by Dominic Howard. Chris Wolstenholme began playing to Howard's beat on bass guitar and Bellamy soon applied a chord structure, which resulted in the backbone of "Citizen Erased" being formed. Bellamy used a seven-string Manson guitar on the track, tuned to drop A tuning in standard variation. "Citizen Erased" was the first Muse song to feature a seven-string guitar; this was also the first Manson guitar to be purchased by Bellamy, who would later own a majority stake in the company. Bellamy also used a Z.Vex Fuzz Factory pedal on the track. Because of how long the heavier sections of the initial song lasted, the band decided to "add another song to the end of it"; this turned out to be the piano-led coda that closes out the track.
A string section was recorded at Abbey Road Studios for the song's coda, but was not made audible in the song's original mix and instead was filtered out by a droning phaser effect. When "Origin of Symmetry" was being remixed for its 20th anniversary in 2021, the string section was made audible. Chromatic arpeggios that were quieter in the original mix were also given a cleaner tone and made louder.
Discussing the lyrics of the song, Bellamy described the song as "an expression of what it feels like to be questioned". He was influenced by the frequency of which he was asked by others for his thoughts on human purpose. He went on to say that "I don't really have the answers and I have to respond on the knowledge I have obtained so far, but the problem is that it gets printed, and something else has come along that's made you completely disagree with what you said". Al Horner of "NME" described the lyrics as being about "forgetting what's gone before and exploring new worlds uninhibited and 'open-minded' – the way Bellamy attests we used to before being corrupted by our leaders." He adds that the lyrics potentially reference George Orwell's 1949 dystopian novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four", where individuals are similarly "erased" and deeply affected by totalitarianism.
Legacy.
"Citizen Erased" was not released as a single from "Origin of Symmetry". Despite this, it became a fan favourite. In 2007, "Citizen Erased" entered the UK Singles Chart at No. 122, holding that position for one week before falling out of the chart. Muse created a spiritual successor to the song in the form of the ten-minute-long "The Globalist", the eleventh track on their seventh studio album, "Drones" (2015). When "Origin of Symmetry: XX Anniversary RemiXX" was announced in 2021, "Citizen Erased" was released as the lead single from the remixed album.
Personnel.
Personnel adapted from "Origin of Symmetry" liner notes.
Muse
Additional musicians
Technical personnel

</doc>
<doc id="6929998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929998" title="XBase plus plus">
XBase plus plus



</doc>
<doc id="6930001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930001" title="Adolfo Alsina Partido">
Adolfo Alsina Partido

Adolfo Alsina is a western partido of the Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, found at coordinates .
It has a population of 16,245, an area of 5,875 km2 (2,268 sq mi), and the capital is Carhué.
History.
Adolfo Alsina Partido was founded on January 21, 1877.

</doc>
<doc id="6930004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930004" title="Uprising of Konstantin and Fruzhin">
Uprising of Konstantin and Fruzhin

The Uprising of Konstantin and Fruzhin (, "Vastanie na Konstantin i Fruzhin") was the earliest Bulgarian uprising against Ottoman rule. It was organized in the early 15th century by two Bulgarian nobles and was supported by a Christian coalition, but failed to liberate Bulgaria.
Fruzhin, the son of Tsar Ivan Shishman, and his cousin Konstantin, the heir of Ivan Sratsimir, who had emigrated to Hungary and Serbia as the Ottomans subjugated the Balkans, organized an uprising in northern Bulgaria aided by Wallachian ruler Mircea the Elder, Serbian despot Stefan Lazarević and Hungarian monarch Sigismund.
The Ottoman defeat by Timur in the Battle of Ankara of 1402 provided good conditions for an uprising, and the Christian forces crossed the Danube from the north into the Bulgarian lands: Mircea I, accompanied by Konstantin, invaded Dobruja, while Fruzhin together with the Serbian-supported Hungarian army entered the northwestern Bulgarian lands (around Vidin). These initially successful invasions were followed by an uprising of the Bulgarian population in some areas.
The scale, time and duration of the uprising is not certain. According to some sources, it broke out in 1404, but was quickly crushed by one of Bayezid I's sons, Süleyman, with Wallachia nevertheless retaining Dobruja and Stefan Lazarević extending his realm's territory, whereas Konstantin and Fruzhin's efforts were futile. Others claim that the uprising began in 1408, and Konstantin and Fruzhin managed to regain their domains from the late Bulgarian Empire south of the Danube at least until 1413, when Musa Çelebi, another son of Bayezid, is documented to have "ruined the Bulgarians". According to a third group of historians, who base their theory on the note of Doukas that Bulgarian delegates attended the Bursa negotiations between Mehmed I and Manuel II Palaiologos in 1413, the uprising was crushed as late as 1418 alongside several other unrelated rebellions.
After the end of the uprising, its leaders Konstantin and Fruzhin once again settled abroad, Konstantin in Serbia and Fruzhin in Hungary. Konstantin died in 1422 in Serbia, while Fruzhin continued to work actively in Hungary to restore the Bulgarian Empire. He took part in Dan II's attack on Silistra in 1425, then again in 1426 against Vidin that is briefly recovered and put under Fruzhin's rule. Fruzhin also was granted the domain of Lippa (Lipova) in Temes (Timiș) by Sigismund at about the same time. Fruzhin was sent by the Hungarian king to help the Albanian rebels under Gjergj Arianit Komneni in 1435. He also participated in Władysław III of Poland's campaign that culminated in the Battle of Varna in 1444, and died around 1460.

</doc>
<doc id="6930006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930006" title="Citizen Erased (song)">
Citizen Erased (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6930009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930009" title="Skew Bridge Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Skew Bridge Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Skew Bridge Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery containing the remains of Allied troops who died during the Battle of Gallipoli, including the youngest British soldier.
History.
The battles at Gallipoli were an eight-month campaign fought by British Empire and French forces against the Ottoman Empire in an attempt to force Turkey out of the war and to open a supply route to Russia through the Dardanelles and the Black Sea.
The cemetery is 2 kilometres northeast of Seddülbahir on the Gallipoli Peninsula. Is named after a skewed wooden bridge which carried the road from Helles to Krithia across the Dere, a stream about 45 metres west of the cemetery and just behind the centre of the Allied lines. The cemetery was created during the fighting of 6–8 May 1915 and used until the Allied evacuation in January 1916. It originally contained only 53 graves, but now contains 607 graves, a consequence of its enlargement following the Armistice as graves were moved in from the surrounding including clearing Backhouse Post, Orchard Gully, R.N.D., and Romanos Well cemeteries. Special memorials record 125 British and 4 Australians who are known to be buried in the cemetery but the location of whose graves is not known more precisely.
Notable graves.
Amongst those known to be buried in the cemetery is the youngest British soldier to be killed during the campaign and the youngest Allied serviceman to be buried on the peninsula. Drummer Joseph Aloysius Townsend of D Company, 1/4th Battalion of the East Lancashire Regiment was 15 when he was killed on 18 May 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="6930012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930012" title="Citizen Erased (Muse song)">
Citizen Erased (Muse song)



</doc>
<doc id="6930014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930014" title="Sib Tower 12 Productions">
Sib Tower 12 Productions



</doc>
<doc id="6930017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930017" title="Plug in Baby">
Plug in Baby



</doc>
<doc id="6930019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930019" title="Seacontainers">
Seacontainers



</doc>
<doc id="6930020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930020" title="Leopoldo López">
Leopoldo López

Leopoldo Eduardo López Mendoza (born 29 April 1971) is a Venezuelan opposition leader. López was elected mayor of the Chacao Municipality of Caracas in the regional elections held in July 2000. He is the National Coordinator of another political party, Voluntad Popular, which he founded in 2009. He is a Venezuelan politician, economist, and sociologist.
Administrative sanctions were imposed on López by Venezuela's Comptroller's Office in 2004, disqualifying him from holding public office for six years (beginning in 2008, at the completion of his term as mayor, until 2014), following allegations of nepotism and misappropriation of funds. Opposition groups in Venezuela criticized these charges as fabricated. López supporters say he was never charged with a crime, tried, or allowed to rebut the allegations; he sued Venezuela and his case was reviewed by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, which issued a unanimous ruling in his favor. The ruling was ignored by Venezuelan officials.
During the crisis in Venezuela, he called for protests in February 2014. He was arrested on 18 February 2014 and charged with arson and conspiracy; murder and terrorism charges were dropped. Human rights groups expressed concern that the charges were politically motivated. His imprisonment in Ramo Verde was controversial; the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights called for the release of those arrested in connection with the protests. Opinion polls in late 2014 showed that López had become one of the most popular politicians in Venezuela following his arrest. In September 2015, he was found guilty of public incitement to violence through supposed subliminal messages, being involved with criminal association, and was sentenced to 13 years and 9 months in prison.
The European Union, Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and several human rights organizations have condemned the arrest and defined it as politically motivated. Several figures involved with his trial later declared that they were pressured by the Venezuelan government to detain López. , the prosecutor that accused him, called the judicial process a "farce" and said that Nicolás Maduro pressured him and Public Ministry superiors to defend "false evidence" against López. Ralenis Tovar, the judge that signed the arrest warrant against Leopoldo, declared that she signed the warrant because she felt scared after being threatened with becoming a "second Lourdes Afiuni judge". Chief Prosecutor Luisa Ortega Díaz said that she was pressured by Diosdado Cabello to accuse López of the deaths of Bassil Da Costa and Juan Montoya.
He was later transferred to house arrest on 8 July 2017 after being imprisoned for over three years. On 1 August 2017 he was taken from his home by SEBIN agents and was briefly imprisoned once again in Ramo Verde. Since then, López returned home and remained under house arrest from 5 August 2017 until it was reported that López had been released on 30 April 2019, in the wake of the 2019 Venezuelan uprising. As the former attempt to overthrow Maduro's government fell apart, López took refuge as a guest in the Spanish Embassy in Caracas. He fled Venezuela in October 2020.
Personal life and early career.
López Mendoza was born on 29 April 1971 in Caracas; his mother Antonieta Mendoza de López was vice president of corporate affairs at the media conglomerate, Cisneros Group, while his father, Leopoldo López Gil, held an executive editorial position at "El Nacional" and became a Member of the European Parliament in 2019. He has two sisters, Diana and Adriana López.
López is descended from prominent Venezuelans, including a former president. His mother is the daughter of Eduardo Mendoza Goiticoa, who was Secretary of Agriculture for two years during the first presidency of Rómulo Betancourt (1945 to 1948). Through her, López is the great-great-great-grandson of the country's first president, Cristóbal Mendoza. He is also the great-great-grand nephew of Simón Bolívar. Bolivar's sister, , is López's great-great-great-great-grandmother, making him one of Bolívar's living relatives. His great-uncle Rafael Ernesto López Ortega was Minister of Education during the presidency of López Contreras. His grandfather Leopoldo López Ortega and great-uncle Rafael Ernesto López Ortega were both doctors, founders of the Centro Medico of San Bernardino in Caracas. López's cousin is Thor Halvorssen, president of the Human Rights Foundation.
López studied at Colegio Los Arcos and Colegio Santiago de León de Caracas and graduated from boarding school in the US at the Hun School of Princeton, where he was captain of the crew and swim teams, and vice president of the student council. In 1989, López told the student newspaper at the Hun School, "The Mall", that "Being away from home created an awakening of the responsibility I have towards the people of my country. I belong to one percent of the privileged people, and achieving a good education will hopefully enable me to do something to help my country." A fellow student described him as being "very good at getting people psyched" on the swimming and crew teams.
In 1993, López graduated from Kenyon College where he received degrees in Economics and Sociology. A college friend said in 2014 that during their student days López had founded a student group called Active Students Helping the Earth Survive. He attended Harvard Kennedy School, where he obtained a Master of Public Policy in 1996.
On 19 April 2007 he married Lilian Tintori. They have three children: Manuela Rafaela, born in 2009; Leopoldo Santiago, born in 2013; and Federica Antonieta, born in 2018. In an interview with Spanish newspaper "La Voz de Galicia", the couple said that they conceived Federica Antonieta in jail during a conjugal visit, in a bathroom, where cockroaches crawled around them.
López worked as an analyst and consultant for the chief economist to the Planning Vice-President of Petróleos de Venezuela S.A. (PDVSA) between 1996 and 1999; he was a professor of Institutional Economy in the Economics Department at Universidad Católica Andrés Bello.
Political life.
López cofounded the political party Primero Justicia (Justice First) with Julio Borges in 1992. He later moved away from Justice First, having a more leftist-leaning political philosophy and created the Voluntad Popular party, a member of Socialist International.
According to a 2006 article in the "Los Angeles Times", the Venezuelan government seemed to have "a full-out campaign" against López starting from 1998. Described by Kenyon College as "hardworking and unpretentious", with "movie-star good looks and a gentle way with people that has made him extremely popular in Chacao, the most affluent of Caracas's five municipalities", he said, "I was born with a lot of privilege in a country with a lot of inequality."
Mayor of Chacao (2000–2008).
López was elected mayor of Chacao Municipality in 2000 with 51% of the vote and re-elected in 2004 with 81%. He was praised by constituents "for revamping the public health system and building new public spaces". His term of office saw the opening of the Juan de Dios Guanche school and the Centro Deportivo Eugenio Mendoza, a sports center. Under López, work began on several major construction projects, including the Palos Grandes plaza, the new seat of the Mercado Libre, a new headquarters for the Andrés Bello Education Unit, and a massive underground parking facility. According to a 2010 article in "Businessweek" magazine, López tried to reorganize the Chacao police force around a new CompStat policing model, implemented with apparent success in a neighboring city of Catia, Caracas, but says that, although "we could do the police management [and] get accurate measurements" in his district, he lacked the support of the attorney general to implement these reforms. "The Atlantic" described him as having "earned a reputation among local voters and Venezuelans ... for transparent, effective governance".
As mayor, López won first-prize awards from Transparency International in 2007 and 2008 for running the country's most honest and efficient municipal administration. In 2008, he won third place in the World Mayors contest which nominates the "world's most outstanding mayors". The City Mayors Foundation, which sponsors the contest, wrote that "It would be easy to caricature him as the scion of the country's wealthy elite, standing in the way of Chávez' social justice crusade. But López' record on activism has shown a commitment to promoting legal equality and his constituents speak passionately about a mayor who has delivered on public services and funding new infrastructure."
During events surrounding the 2002 Venezuelan coup d'état attempt, NPR said López "orchestrated the public protests against President Hugo Chávez and played a central role in the citizen's arrest of Chavez's interior minister", Ramón Rodríguez Chacín. López later tried to distance himself from that event, maintaining his actions were meant to protect Chacín from an angry mob. López did not sign the Carmona Decree drawn up on the day after the 2002 Venezuelan coup attempt, which established a transitional government and dissolved government entities.
Target of violence.
López was affected by violent confrontations multiple times in his political career, including incidents involving gunfire targeting him. In one attack, López's car was fired upon and was left full of bullet holes. In February 2006, a group of armed individuals stormed a university auditorium where López was speaking and took him hostage for six hours. A month later in March 2006, López's bodyguard who was sitting in López's regular seat was shot several times and was killed. In June 2008, after López returned from a visit to Washington, D.C., he was allegedly detained and assaulted by the state intelligence service; the Venezuelan government disputed this account, stating that a member of the Venezuelan National Guard reported López as being responsible for the aggression and presented a video as evidence.
2008 election controversy.
In an April 2008 ruling announced by Venezuela's chief prosecutor and then upheld by court decision, López and several hundred other Venezuelans were barred from running in the November 2008 elections, for reasons of alleged corruption. Eighty percent of those barred belonged to the opposition. The Venezuelan government's ruling found that in 1998, López, while working for Petróleos de Venezuela S.A. (PDVSA) and his mother, who was the company's manager of public affairs, awarded a state-funded grant to the Primero Justicia Civil Association, an organization of which López was a member. As the best-known banned politician, López contested the sanction, arguing that the right to hold elected office could only be rescinded in the wake of a civil or criminal trial. He said the government had banned opposition candidates ahead of the November 2008 regional elections because it knew they could win.
In June 2008, López brought his case to the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights (IACHR) in Washington, D.C., challenging the claims by stating that none of those punished had been charged, prosecuted and found guilty through due process of law, in direct violation of treatises signed by the Venezuelan government and the Venezuelan constitution. In July, the Commission agreed to hear his case and commented that the two years that had elapsed since López had filed a motion asking the Court to annul the ban constituted an "undue delay".
The IACHR ruled unanimously that López "should be allowed to run for office". Venezuela's Supreme Court (TSJ) declared the ruling "unenforceable", stating that the disqualification from holding public office was a legal sanction, not a political one, and that López was still able to register as a candidate for office and participate in elections. This ruling barred López from running against Chavez for the following election, which polls indicated López would have won.
Although López and others accused of corruption were never tried or convicted, the Venezuelan government maintained that the administrative disqualification from holding public office was grounded in Article 289 of the Venezuelan Constitution—which grants the comptroller general authority to oversee and regulate public offices, investigate irregularities and apply administrative penalties to persons holding those offices—and Article 105 of the Organic Law of the Office of the Comptroller General of the Republic. The Constitutional Chamber of the Supreme Tribunal ruled in August 2008 that the sanction against López and others was constitutional.
Following the decision by the Venezuelan government, multiple organizations criticized the government's ruling as a symptom of its judicial system's lack of independence. "The Wall Street Journal" stated that six of the seven Supreme Court justices were "sympathetic to the president". "The Wall Street Journal" also said that the ban "has elicited comparisons to moves by Iran's government preventing opposition politicians from running in elections in that country" and singled López out as "a popular opposition politician who polls say would have a good chance at becoming the mayor of Caracas, one of the most important posts in the country". BBC News called the list of individuals barred from office a "blacklist," noting that there was "little that Mr López and others" could do to participate in the November 2008 elections. "The Economist" stated that López was the "main apparent target" of the "decision by the auditor-general to ban hundreds of candidates from standing in the state and municipal elections for alleged corruption, even though none has been convicted by the courts". The Carter Center expressed regret that the Venezuelan Supreme Court did not find it feasible to comply with the IACHR's decision. The Human Rights Watch "described political discrimination as a defining feature of Mr. Chávez's presidency," singling out López and the "measure that disqualifies candidates from running for public office because of legal claims against them". The Organization of American States cited the case against López as one of the "factors that contribute to the weakening of the rule of law and democracy in Venezuela." The Associated Press reported that the use of the charges to disqualify López "is a tactic critics say Chavez uses to put his opponents' political ambitions on indefinite hold".
The next day, López and others protested the ruling in a demonstration, until they were blocked in front of a government building.
López again filed a complaint, this time with the Human Rights Commission of the international Mercosur Parliament, on which Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay are represented, and on which Venezuela has observer status. Two members of the commission traveled to Caracas to investigate, but were unable to come to any conclusion because Venezuelan officials refused to meet with them. Three years after the controversy began, López was cleared of all of the charges of corruption.
Voluntad Popular.
On 5 December 2009, López launched the political party Voluntad Popular, saying "What we want is to build a new majority from the bottom up - not just through negotiations and agreements between elites. It's a longer road, but for us, it's the only road that gives us possibilities of winning." López described Voluntad Popular as "a social and political, pluralistic and democratic movement" that stood for "the rights of all Venezuelans." An analyst close to López said that he would create political groups and leave them when they grew beyond his control. The party did not have a solid policy platform and mainly served as a vehicle of anti-Chavismo. According to "The Guardian", US diplomatic cables at the time (one titled "The López Problem") stated: "He is often described as arrogant, vindictive, and power-hungry – but party officials also concede his popularity, charisma and talent as an organiser".
The same year, regarding education in Venezuela, he called for the creation of grassroots groups, similar to a PTA, in every school to ensure the quality of schools and the education received by children and youth – "A people's network in every school."
2014 protests in Venezuela.
"The Economist" reported in February 2014 that while Henrique Capriles headed the moderate wing of Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) – the alliance of Venezuelan opposition parties – López headed "the more confrontational wing". Both advocated nonviolence, while López, unlike Capriles, "believe[d] that demonstrations can prompt a change of government". On 12 February 2014, López called on Venezuelans to peacefully protest against the Venezuelan government. The same day, Venezuelan prosecutors, after likening López and protesters to "Nazis", issued an arrest warrant for López on charges including instigation of delinquency, public intimidation, arson of a public building, damage to public property, severe injury, "incitement to riot", homicide, and terrorism.
The day after the warrant was issued, López used Twitter to address Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro: "Don't you have the guts to arrest me? Or are you waiting for orders from Havana? I tell you, the truth is on our side." In a late-night nationally televised broadcast on 16 February, according to Reuters, "Maduro told López to hand himself in 'without a show,' and said he had rejected pressure from Washington to drop the case against him." Maduro "said he had ordered three U.S. consular officials to leave the country for conspiring against his government", and declared: "Venezuela doesn't take orders from anyone!"
On 18 February, López turned himself in to the National Guard in the presence of thousands of cheering supporters, who, like him, wore white as a symbol of nonviolence. He gave a short speech in which he said that he hoped his arrest would awaken Venezuela to the corruption and economic disaster caused by socialist rule. The only alternative to accepting arrest, he said, standing on a statue of Jose Marti, was to "leave the country, and I will never leave Venezuela!" Hours after the arrest, Maduro addressed a cheering crowd of supporters in red, saying that he would not tolerate "psychological warfare" by his opponents and that López must be held responsible for his "treasonous acts". López's wife told CNN that night "that López was in good spirits behind bars" and added: "The last thing he told me was don't forget why this is happening, don't forget why he's going to jail. He's asking for the liberation of political prisoners and students and an end to repression and violence."
On 20 February, Supervisory Judge Ralenis Tovar Guillén issued a pre-trial detention order against López in response to formal charges of conspiracy, incitement to commit crimes, arson, and damage to public property with the charges ordered by public prosecutor Franklin Nieves. López was formally charged at an arraignment that took place inside a military bus parked outside the prison, a process described by Gutierrez as "very unorthodox".
Imprisonment.
López was serving a 13-year sentence for crimes including instigation of delinquency, arson, damage to public property, "incitement to riot", and terrorism. The charges have been labeled by organizations or legislative bodies outside of Venezuela as politically motivated. Human rights groups around the globe have called for López' release due to the government's negligent handling of the trial. Since out of nearly 700 total hours of court testimonies the defense spoke for less than three, the trial has been called a farce.
Initial detention.
López was denied bail and imprisoned at the Ramo Verde military prison outside of Caracas. While in prison, his family visited him every week, only being allowed to stay for a few hours and deliver lunch. They had to undergo strict searches by guards. López grew a beard and began learning how to play the cuatro. López, a devout Catholic, was not allowed to attend mass or have a priest visit but has been allowed to have an hour of exercise outside each day.
In July 2014, his wife stated that his visitation rights had been revoked and that he was subjected to psychological torture, including isolation. This was also stated by the Venezuelan government in the Inter-American Court of Human Rights. It was also reported that prison guards would throw feces against López's jail cell. Chilean lawyer and secretary of a mission of Socialist International, José Antonio Viera-Gallo, stated that in the case of López, Socialist International "confirmed human rights violations against a political leader" giving examples of when López and others trying to communicate with their families, authorities sound loud sirens preventing communication.
On 13 February 2015, armed masked men believed to be military used blowtorches to cut through the bars of López and former mayor ' prison cells. In May 2015 López announced he was beginning a hunger strike to protest his detention and the mismanagement of the Maduro government. He has urged other jailed opposition to join, with Daniel Ceballos also participating in the hunger strike. Both López and Ceballos ceased the hunger strike after one of their demands, a date set for the 2015 Venezuelan parliamentary elections, were set to take place on 6 December 2015.
Trial.
López was set to be tried alongside four students, Marco Coello, Christian Holdack, Ángel González, and Demian Martin. He petitioned the court to release these students, who had been arrested in February. Judge Susana Barreiros ordered the release of all but Christian Holdack. At the beginning of his trial, López's defence was barred from entering the court to present evidence and witnesses. For López's defense, only 1 of 63 witnesses were allowed to be presented in court while over 100 witnesses were allowed to presented for the prosecution. Since López was detained on 18 February 2014, he was held in Ramo Verde Prison while he was tried. López's court dates were on 23 July, 6 August, 13 August and 28 August. At each of those trials, the prosecution presented evidence against López, yet his defense was allegedly not able to present any information or evidence supporting him. After the court session of 28 August, the case was deferred for a third time to 10 September. The 28 August court session was also under the presence of a delegate of the European Union, allegedly due to concerns about the trial's process. In November 2014, the Venezuelan court rejected the United Nations' Working Group on Arbitrary Detentions request to release López from prison. The United Nations, along with several other organizations and institutions, have criticized the trial due to a lack of due process in the court's handling of the case, as well as a lack of fair hearing for the defense, who had under three hours to defend themselves to the government's 600 hours. The government's use of delays to silence witnesses for the defense, as well as their direct barring of 58 of 60 witnesses, was also condemned.
On 4 January 2015, in response to US requests to free López, Maduro offered to exchange López "man to man" for Oscar López Rivera, a former FALN member imprisoned in the U.S. for seditious conspiracy, use of force to commit robbery, interstate transportation of firearms, and conspiracy to transport explosives with intent to destroy government property. The Obama administration commuted López Rivera's sentence, with his release in May 2017.
In March 2015, former socialist Prime Minister of Spain Felipe González agreed to take over the defense of López in his trial after his family requested his assistance. In the roughly 700 hours of court testimonies, López's defense was given less than three hours and was not allotted many resources or due process.
Sentence.
On 10 September 2015, after spending over a year and a half imprisoned in Ramo Verde, López's trial was set to conclude. According to López's lawyers, Judge Susana Barreiros suddenly finished proceedings the preceding week, with López only permitted to use a few witnesses while the prosecution was granted the use of hundreds of witnesses.
At the courthouse, about 200 supporters of López gathered while government supporters grouped together with a band singing folk songs supporting a guilty verdict against López. The gatherings grew violent after government supporters attacked López supporters and left them with multiple injuries and one death. Before the conclusion of the trial, López addressed the courtroom with a three-hour speech. Judge Susana Barreiros found López guilty and gave him the maximum sentence of 13 years, 9 months, 7 days, and 12 hours in Ramo Verde military prison for public incitement of violence; student movement co-defendants received sentences ranging from 4 and 10 years. López was then allowed to spend moments with his family before he was sent back to his isolation cell in Ramo Verde. López's supporters then moved to another part of the city to demonstrate while the banging of pots by other Venezuelans could be heard from their homes.
Controversy and international reaction.
The European Union, Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and several human rights organizations have condemned the arrest and defined it as politically motivated. Several figures involved with his trial later declared that they were pressured by the Venezuelan government to detain López.
On 23 October 2015, Franklin Nieves, a prosecutor in López's trial who fled to the United States, stated that the trial was a "farce" and that he was pressured by high officials in the Venezuelan government. Nieves said that Brigadier General Manuel Gregorio Bernal Martinez, then head of SEBIN, was directly ordered by President Maduro to arrest López and others. When Nieves asked for documentation of any crimes, Bernal did not have any but a SEBIN officer created the documents needed to persecute López, with Nieves stating, "They made up those facts in the moment." Nieves also accused Diosdado Cabello, leader of the National Assembly, of directing the López trial as well. Luisa Ortega Díaz, the Chief Prosecutor of Venezuela who reportedly asked prosecutors to build evidence against López, denied Nieves' allegations, saying that "If he was pressured, it was undoubtedly by foreign elements." Luisa Ortega would later say that she was pressured by Diosdado Cabello to accuse López of the deaths of Bassil Da Costa and Juan Montoya. Ralenis Tovar, the judge that signed the arrest warrant against Leopoldo, declared that she signed the warrant because she felt scared after being threatened with becoming a "second Lourdes Afiuni judge".
Human rights groups consider López as "Latin America's most prominent political prisoner". Multiple organizations denounced López's detention and published discussions about it in order to bring attention to his arrest. Human Rights Watch said: "The Venezuelan government has openly embraced the classic tactics of an authoritarian regime, jailing its opponents, muzzling the media, and intimidating civil society." HRW further accused the Maduro government of blaming opposition leaders, including López, for violence. The Human Rights Foundation, founded and run by López's first cousin, Thor Halvorssen Mendoza, declared López a prisoner of conscience and joined other international organizations in calling for his immediate release. "With López's imprisonment and the brutally repressive tactics that police, armed forces, and paramilitary groups are using against his supporters, the Venezuelan state has lost any democratic façade it may have had", said HRF chairman Garry Kasparov. Former students from Kenyon College put forth an effort to support López since he was detained and helped create freeleopoldo.com. Editorial columns from "The New York Times" and "The Washington Post" have also called for his release.
At the 2014 Clinton Global Initiative meeting, U.S. President Barack Obama called for the release of López saying, "We stand in solidarity with those who are detained at this very moment." The United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention ruled in 2014 that López was detained arbitrarily and that the Venezuelan government "violated several of their civil, political and constitutional rights" while demanding his immediate release. The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein, called for the immediate release of López and all Venezuelans arrested during the 2014 protests. In November 2014, Socialist International agreed with the UN's ruling, calling López's arrest arbitrary. On 19 December 2014, the chief diplomat of the European Union, Federica Mogherini, said that she was "seriously concerned" about "continuous arbitrary arrests" in Venezuela, with the EU resolution noting that Leopoldo López "suffered physical and psychological torture" and also denounced the situations of opposition mayors Daniel Ceballos and Vicencio Scarano.
The Venezuelan government condemned the statements by the United States and the United Nations demanding them to not interfere in Venezuelan affairs. The Venezuelan government replied to the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights with a letter directed to him stating that it was "senseless" to release López and claimed that Prince Zeid bin Ra'ad's statements were "undoubtedly part of the international media manipulation that has been denounced by the top leadership of the Bolivarian Government".
In 2016, the Dalai Lama supported López, with human rights attorney Tamara Sujú sharing a picture on Twitter of the Dalai Lama stating that he continued to pray for López.
Amnesty International said, "The charges brought against Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo López smack of a politically motivated attempt to silence dissent in the country." Guadalupe Marengo, Amnesty International Americas Programme Deputy Director, called on Venezuelan authorities to "either present solid evidence to substantiate the charges against López or release him immediately and unconditionally ... Amnesty International has not seen evidence to substantiate these charges. This is an affront to justice and free assembly". After López was sentenced to 13 years in prison, Amnesty International declared that, "Leopoldo López is a prisoner of conscience and should be immediately released without conditions".
Post-trial activity.
Days after López was formally sentenced and imprisoned, he wrote an op-ed for "The New York Times" titled "Even in Jail, I Will Fight for a Free Venezuela" in which he called for international attention on the state of Venezuela's economy, corruption and crime.
On 26 March 2014, "The New York Times" published an op-ed by López under the headline "Venezuela's Failing State". Writing from prison, López lamented that for the past fifteen years, "the definition of 'intolerable' in this country has declined". Addressing his incarceration, López wrote that on 12 February, he had "urged Venezuelans to exercise their legal rights to protest and free speech – but to do so peacefully and without violence". López called for "an investigation into fraud committed through our commission for currency exchange", and for "real engagement from the international community, particularly in Latin America". He charged that while international human- rights organizations had been outspoken in condemning Maduro, many of Venezuela's neighbors had responded to his actions with "shameful silence", as had the Organization of American States, which represents nations in the Western Hemisphere.
House arrest.
According to López's wife, Lilian Tintori, in early June 2017 he rejected an offer from officials of the Venezuelan government, made during the 2017 Venezuelan protests, which would allow him to serve the remainder of his prison term under house arrest. Tintori reported that he said other political prisoners should be released before him and that he "had to be last to leave ... [that it was about] liberty for all of Venezuela". 
On 24 June 2017, Leopoldo López shouted from his prison cell that he was being tortured, asking people to denounce it. Tintori shared the video through social media. On 8 July, López left Ramo Verde and was taken home in the company of two Bolivarian officials, Delcy Rodriguez and her brother Jorge Rodriguez, at 3:00am VST. He was placed under house arrest by Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice, which cited case "irregularities" and health reasons for López's release; "Reuters" reports that the Bolivarian government "seems to be calculating that his return home may ease domestic protests".
Following the 2017 Venezuelan Constituent Assembly election which granted the Bolivarian government much more authority over Venezuela, SEBIN agents arrived at López's home in the early hours of 1 August 2017, and took him back to prison. But on 5 August 2017, Venezuelan authorities again released López to house arrest. Since then, López has remained under house arrest. According to López, SEBIN agents have been taking a picture of him with a copy of the day's newspaper every day since his return to house arrest. In October 2017, the head of a private security team guarding López and his home was arrested; he has not been seen since. On 17 November 2017, SEBIN officials reinforced the surveillance of López's house, after the former mayor of Caracas, who was in the same situation, fled on the same day to Colombia.
Release.
López was released from house arrest on the morning of 30 April during the 2019 Venezuela uprising, with the assistance of defecting armed forces supportive of Juan Guaidó. Later in the day, López and his immediate family entered the Chilean Embassy in Caracas, but moved to the Spanish Embassy in the early hours of 1 May 2019. According to Roberto Ampuero of the Chilean Foreign Ministry, López and his family moved to the Spanish Embassy after a "personal decision", noting that López and his wife both have Spanish ancestry. On 2 May 2019, the Supreme Tribunal issued an arrest warrant for López, who exited the gates of the Spanish Embassy, with his wife Lilian Tintori, to speak with reporters, saying that Maduro's days were numbered. The Spanish government announced that López would not be handed over to Venezuelan authorities.
Escape from Spanish Embassy.
On 24 October 2020, top Venezuelan opposition officials said López had fled Venezuela. López, who is a political mentor to opposition leader Juan Guaidó, had taken refuge in the Spanish ambassador's residence in Caracas since fleeing house arrest after the failure of a military uprising to overthrow Maduro in April 2019.
His political allies and his father said López made his way across the border into Colombia, after spending more than a year inside the Spanish Embassy. López's escape was first reported by the Spanish newspaper "El Mundo". A Spanish government source said his arrival in Spain, where his wife now lives, was "imminent." The Spanish foreign ministry said on Twitter that López's decision to leave was "voluntary and personal." López arrived in Madrid on 25 October, and had a meeting with the Spanish prime minister, Pedro Sánchez, on 27 October.
Exile.
While living in exile, during a press conference in the Círculo de Bellas Artes, in Madrid, in October 2020 López expressed that his goal now was to have "free and transparent" elections in Venezuela, saying that "we want for Venezuela the same as in Bolivia", referring to the 2020 Bolivian elections, where the Movement for Socialism (MAS) candidate Luis Arce was elected president. In exile, López has also declared that "for a transition to be viable" support from the "Maduro regime" was needed, citing as examples South Africa, Eastern Europe and Spain, but saying that those who have committed human right abuses or crimes against humanity should not be included.
On 9 December 2020, Leopoldo López started a tour in Latin America, travelling to Colombia and seeking to "strengthen" an "international front" against Nicolás Maduro, after the Venezuelan parliamentary election that year, which he considered fraudulent. The following day López met with Colombian President Iván Duque, and on 11 December he travelled to Cúcuta to meet Venezuelan migrants living in the border and learn about their problems. On 22 May 2021, having travelled to Ecuador, López met with the mayor of Guayaquil, Cynthia Viteri, to discuss about the regularization of the Venezuelan diaspora and to recognize both expired Venezuelan passports and other documents. The following day López met with the president of the National Assembly of Ecuador, Guadalupe Llori, who on 24 May would be in charge of inaugurating president elect Guillermo Lasso. He travelled later to Peru, during the Peruvian general election, and on 29 May participated in a political panel with politicians and businesspeople related to right-wing presidential candidate Keiko Fujimori, daughter of Alberto Fujimori, saying that Fujimori represented "freedom" and "democracy" while he characterized her opponent Pedro Castillo as supporting "dictatorship" and "communism". López criticized Castillo for openly declaring that Venezuela was a full democracy and said that he opined about the Peruvian elections because there were a million Venezuelans living in the country, and that their results would affect the region, including Venezuela. On 23 June, after travelling to the United States and meeting with Republican senator Rick Scott, López declared that the United States would not lift sanctions "without significant advances". In December, during the 2021 Chilean presidential election, López met with far-right candidate José Antonio Kast, endorsing him.
Currently, he is the General Secretary of the World Liberty Congress, an organization of former political prisoners from around the world, which champions democratic elections and the respect of electoral outcomes.

</doc>
<doc id="6930021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930021" title="Plug In Baby (single)">
Plug In Baby (single)



</doc>
<doc id="6930022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930022" title="Konstantin and Fruzhin">
Konstantin and Fruzhin



</doc>
<doc id="6930024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930024" title="Plug In Baby (Muse single)">
Plug In Baby (Muse single)



</doc>
<doc id="6930025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930025" title="Alfred Frankenstein">
Alfred Frankenstein

Alfred Victor Frankenstein (October 5, 1906 – June 22, 1981) was an art and music critic, author, and professional musician.
He was the long-time art and music critic for the "San Francisco Chronicle" from 1934 to 1965. He was noted for championing American art and coining the term Actual Art. His most famous book is "After The Hunt", a volume that examined the trompe-l'œil movement in late 19th-century and early 20th-century American art, focussing especially on the painters William Harnett and John Frederick Peto. Among his colleagues, he was noted for his wit and his lack of tolerance for pretension.
Prior to becoming a journalist and critic, he played clarinet in the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. He was married to the concert violinist Sylvia Lent.
He was also a professor of Art History at the University of California at Berkeley in the 1970s and a professor of Art History at Mills College in Oakland in the 1960s and 1970s.
Frankenstein was a cousin of Abraham F. Frankenstein, who composed the music of California's official state song, "I Love You, California".

</doc>
<doc id="6930026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930026" title="Terry McCann">
Terry McCann



</doc>
<doc id="6930030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930030" title="Alberti Partido">
Alberti Partido

Alberti is a northern central partido of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, at coordinates 
Alberti is located at the south of the Gran Buenos Aires urban area. It has an area of 1,130 km² (436 sq mi) and 10,322 inhabitants ().
Economy.
The economy of Alberti is dominated by agriculture. Its main products are wheat, maize, soya beans, oats, sunflowers, sorghum, and industrial crops.

</doc>
<doc id="6930032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930032" title="Plug In Baby (Muse song)">
Plug In Baby (Muse song)



</doc>
<doc id="6930034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930034" title="Plug In Baby (song)">
Plug In Baby (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6930036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930036" title="Azul Partido">
Azul Partido

Azul is a central partido of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of 62,996 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Azul, which is around from Buenos Aires.
The province was founded on December 16, 1832, and the people are known as "Azuleños".

</doc>
<doc id="6930037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930037" title="Bishop v. Aronov">
Bishop v. Aronov

Bishop v. Aronov, 926 F.2d 1066 (11th Cir. 1991), is a significant case concerning the balance between academic freedom and the Establishment Clause within public universities. The United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit addressed whether a public university could restrict a professor’s religious expressions during instructional time without infringing upon First Amendment rights.
Background.
Phillip A. Bishop, an assistant professor of exercise physiology at the University of Alabama, occasionally shared his Christian beliefs during class sessions, framing them as his personal “bias.” In April 1987, he organized an optional after-class lecture titled “Evidences of God in Human Physiology,” which discussed the complexity of the human body and suggested divine creation over evolutionary processes. Attendance was voluntary and did not influence students’ grades. However, some students expressed concerns about potential coercion, given the timing of the lecture before final exams.
In response to these concerns, Carl Westerfield, Head of the Health, Physical Education, and Recreation Department, issued a memorandum instructing Bishop to cease interjecting religious beliefs during instructional periods and to stop holding optional classes presenting a “Christian perspective” on academic topics.
The university’s administration upheld these directives, emphasizing the need to prevent any appearance of endorsing religion, in line with the Establishment Clause.
District Court proceedings.
Bishop filed a lawsuit against the university’s Board of Trustees, claiming that the restrictions violated his First Amendment rights to free speech and free exercise of religion. The United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama ruled in favor of Bishop, granting summary judgment and enjoining the university from enforcing the restrictions.
Appeal and Eleventh Circuit decision.
The university appealed the decision to the Eleventh Circuit. The appellate court reversed the district court’s ruling, holding that the university’s actions did not violate Bishop’s constitutional rights. The court reasoned that during instructional time, the university classroom is not an open forum; therefore, the university has the authority to determine appropriate curriculum content and limit discussions to relevant subject matter. The court emphasized that the university’s directives aimed to avoid the appearance of endorsing religion, thereby adhering to Establishment Clause requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="6930038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930038" title="Railways of the Slovak Republic">
Railways of the Slovak Republic

Railways of the Slovak Republic (, acronym: "ŽSR") is the state-owned railway infrastructure company of Slovakia.
The company was established in 1993 as the successor to the Czechoslovak State Railways () in Slovakia following the dissolution of Czechoslovakia. It had a formal monopoly on railroad transportation in Slovakia until 1996, and while other rail transport companies have since been allowed to operate in the countryfor example, RegioJet, a private provider, has been operating passenger rail lines since 2012, it has retained a de facto monopoly.
In 2002, the Slovak parliament passed a law dividing the company. ŽSR was tasked with infrastructure maintenance, while passenger and freight transport was moved to Železničná spoločnosť. In 2005, this new company was further split into Železničná spoločnosť Slovensko, which provides passenger services, and Železničná spoločnosť Cargo Slovakia, which provides freight services.
Bodies.
The governing bodies of ŽSR are the Management Board and General Director.
Management board of ŽSR.
The Management Board is the top body of the railways. It has nine members—six members of them are experts from the transport sector, finance, banking, economics and law, three are elected as representatives of the railway employees. Board members are appointed and dismissed by the Minister of Transport, Posts and Telecommunications of the Slovak Republic, three of them are appointed and dismissed by the proposal based on the election of the employees.
The office of the Management Board of ŽSR provides administrative and technical operations. General inspection SR ŽSR performs inspection and control of organizational units of ŽSR and provides tasks associated with improvement of the management system and compliance with legislative regulation, monitors implementation of decisions of ŽSR and gives suggestions for their implementation.
General director.
The general director manages the activities of ŽSR and is responsible for its performance and the results to the Management Board. The general director is a statutory body of ŽSR. He represents the company externally and is acting on its behalf in all matters except the matters that are in the exclusive competence of the Management Board or the Ministry of Transport, Posts and Telecommunications.
The general director is represented by four agents responsible for specific departments of ŽSR. The general director is appointed and dismissed by the Minister of Transport, Posts and Telecommunications.
Deputies of General Director.
The general director manages the Department of Director General and has four deputies who are in charge of handling the activity in other departments. Sections and branches associated with the departments are subject to the deputy.
Organizational structure.
Railways of Slovak Republic is further divided into Headquarters and Management and maintenance of railway infrastructure.
Headquarters.
Departments of Director General:
All departments are located in the capital city, Bratislava.
Management and maintenance of railway infrastructure.
Management of railway infrastructure.
This section has two local departments. The first one is situated on the West of the Slovak Republic in Trnava and the second location is on the East of the Slovak Republic in Košice.
Maintenance of railway infrastructure.
Maintenance of railway infrastructure is divided into two regional headquarters and two divisions.
Representation abroad.
Railways of Slovak Republic are represented in international organizations in Brussels, Belgium and Warszawa, Poland.
Passenger transport.
Detailed information about pricing is published on the websites of individual companies providing passenger transport:

</doc>
<doc id="6930040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930040" title="Body integrity identity disorder (Apotemnophilia)">
Body integrity identity disorder (Apotemnophilia)



</doc>
<doc id="6930042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930042" title="Plug in Baby (song)">
Plug in Baby (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6930043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930043" title="Exhibitionism (Apodysophilia)">
Exhibitionism (Apodysophilia)



</doc>
<doc id="6930046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930046" title="Ruben Talberg">
Ruben Talberg

Ruben Talberg (born 24 August 1964) is a German sculptor. Talberg is known for his Neo-Fluxus Manifolds, which go back to his vision in Bellagio, Italy in the early 1980s. Manifolds are executed either as relief or free-standing sculpture.
Work.
Talberg's oeuvre deals with antagonistic positions such as Nature &amp; Alchemy, Asymmetry &amp; Dynamics or Eros &amp; Thanathos. From the beginning of 1990, he intensified his interest for mysticism and magic. His extensive travels serve as a source of inspiration, providing the foundation for his creative works, referred to as "manifolds." Talberg's life-time production is limited to 888 manifolds. His credo: "Finis Coronat Opus Magnum." In 1995, Talberg founded Neo-Fluxus, a movement rooted in his manifesto 1995. The core philosophy of Neo-Fluxus draws from Heraclitus concept of “pantha rhei - everything flows” and TAO, principles of flow, both of which are reflected in the essence of his Manifolds.
The Talberg Museum was founded in Offenbach am Main. Talberg's manifolds are represented in more than 200 public and private international collections as well as the auction trade. He participated in more than 100 international solo - and group exhibitions.
Talberg lives and works in Heidelberg, Southern France.

</doc>
<doc id="6930048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930048" title="Robot fetishism (Robophilia)">
Robot fetishism (Robophilia)



</doc>
<doc id="6930050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930050" title="Diaper lover (Panalphilia)">
Diaper lover (Panalphilia)



</doc>
<doc id="6930054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930054" title="2006 Carolina Panthers season">
2006 Carolina Panthers season

The 2006 Carolina Panthers season was the franchise's 12th season in the National Football League (NFL), the 5th under head coach John Fox, and its 10th season at Bank of America Stadium. The team tried to improve on their 11–5 record and return to (at least) the NFC Championship Game like they did in 2005, however they failed to do so and ended up going 8–8, missing the playoffs for the first time since 2004.
Offseason.
Given the ups and downs of the 2005 season, the Panthers stirred up the "Super Bowl" chant once again. Despite losing many key players such as LB Will Witherspoon, DT Brentson Buckner, CB Ricky Manning Jr., C Jeff Mitchell, and RB Stephen Davis, they made leaps and bounds in the post-season. During free agency, they acquired WR Keyshawn Johnson from the Dallas Cowboys, C Justin Hartwig from the Tennessee Titans, and DT Maake Kemoeatu from the Baltimore Ravens. Despite these large profile players, the team's biggest addition was the 27th pick of the 2006 NFL draft, RB DeAngelo Williams of the University of Memphis. Also in the draft, they selected Fresno St. CB Richard Marshall, Virginia Tech LB James Anderson, Miami University (FL) OT Rashad Butler, Ohio St. Safety Nate Salley, Virginia Tech TE Jeff King, Virginia Tech Center Will Montgomery, and Auburn DE Stanley McClover.
Regular season results.
Week 1: vs. Atlanta Falcons.
"at Bank of America Stadium, Charlotte, North Carolina"
The Panthers opened the regular season at home against the Atlanta Falcons on September 10. They lost, in what many fans and players alike referred to as an embarrassing game, 20–6. Kicker John Kasay was the only scorer for Carolina with two field goals. However, it is important to note that the team's biggest playmaker, wide receiver Steve Smith, did not play due to a hamstring injury.
During the game, tackle Travelle Wharton seriously injured his left knee, effectively ending his season. He was later placed on injured reserve. Wharton had started the previous 28 regular season games for Carolina at either left guard or tackle. Carolina also lost its starting center, Justin Hartwig, and middle linebacker Dan Morgan for the season. With the loss, the Panthers started out their season 0–1.
Week 2: at Minnesota Vikings.
"at Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome, Minneapolis"
The Panthers had a middling game against the Minnesota Vikings. Keyshawn Johnson had 5 receptions for 106 yards, and rookie DeAngelo Williams scored his first NFL touchdown. But with ten minutes left in regulation, and with a 13–6 lead, Chris Gamble, returning a kick, attempted to perform a lateral trick play. However, the plan backfired, as the ball was dropped and the Vikes recovered. Soon after, Ryan Longwell faked a field goal and threw his first career touchdown pass to tight end Richard Owens, tying the game at 13–13. In overtime, Longwell connected from 19 yards out to drop the Panthers to a shocking 0–2.
Week 3: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
"at Raymond James Stadium, Tampa, Florida"
The Panthers beat the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 26–24, with the help of two touchdowns (1 receiving, 1 rushing) from former Bucs WR Keyshawn Johnson and four long field goals from Kicker John Kasay. Kasay was the first kicker to go 4 for 4 in a game on field goals more than 46 yards. Steve Smith returned, catching 7 passes for 102 yards, and QB Jake Delhomme threw his first touchdown pass of the season. With their first victory, the Panthers are 1–2.
Week 4: vs. New Orleans Saints.
"at Bank of America Stadium, Charlotte, North Carolina"
The Panthers earned a 21–18 victory over the previously undefeated New Orleans Saints. QB Jake Delhomme threw for two touchdowns (one to WR Steve Smith and one to WR Drew Carter), with RB DeShaun Foster running for another with less than two minutes remaining in the game. Carolina held off a late Saints rally to even their record at 2–2.
Week 5: vs. Cleveland Browns.
"at Bank of America Stadium, Charlotte, North Carolina"
Staying at home, the Panthers played a Week 5 matchup against the visiting Cleveland Browns. Even though the Browns scored first on a 41-yard field goal by Phil Dawson, the Panthers struck big as rookie CB Richard Marshall took an interception 30 yards for a touchdown. In the second quarter, Carolina increased its lead, as QB Jake Delhomme threw a 17-yard TD pass to WR Keyshawn Johnson for the only score of the period (and in fact the only offensive touchdown of the game for either team). In the third quarter, both teams managed to get a field goal, as kicker John Kasay got on from 24 yards out, while Dawson nailed a 47-yarder. In the fourth quarter, the Browns drew closer, as Dawson kicked a 22-yard field goal, but Kasay helped Carolina get a 19-yard field goal. The Panthers allowed one more Dawson field goal (a 32-yarder), but in the end, Carolina walked away with their third-straight win while improving to 3–2.
Week 6: at Baltimore Ravens.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore"
The Carolina Panthers earned their fourth straight victory by defeating the Baltimore Ravens at M&amp;T Bank Stadium 23–21. QB Jake Delhomme passed for a career-high 365 yards while WR Steve Smith racked up 189 receiving yards and a touchdown, including a 72-yarder late in the fourth quarter. Also, WR Drew Carter had 4 receptions for 65 yards and a touchdown. Ravens quarterback Kyle Boller threw two touchdowns to WR Mark Clayton that both came off tips by the Panthers secondary after Ravens starter Steve McNair left the game in the first quarter with a concussion. With the victory, the Panthers improved to 4–2 and second in the NFC South, trailing the 5–1 Saints by one game.
Week 7: at Cincinnati Bengals.
"at Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati"
Putting their four-game winning streak on the line, the Panthers flew to Paul Brown Stadium for a cat fight against the Cincinnati Bengals. The Panthers scratched first as QB Jake Delhomme threw a 7-yard TD pass to TE Kris Mangum for the only score of the first quarter. In the second quarter, both teams swapped TD blows, as Bengals QB Carson Palmer completed a 16-yard TD pass to TE Reggie Kelly, while Carolina RB Nick Goings caught a 20-yard TD pass. The Panthers were shut out in the second half, as Cincinnati got the win with kicker Shayne Graham making a 23-yard field goal in the third quarter, while Palmer threw a 1-yard TD pass to WR T. J. Houshmandzadeh. With the loss, Carolina fell to 4–3.
Week 8: vs. Dallas Cowboys.
"at Bank of America Stadium, Charlotte, North Carolina"
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Bengals, the Panthers returned home for a Sunday night match-up with the Dallas Cowboys. In the first quarter, Carolina started off strong with a 1-yard TD run by DeShaun Foster. QB Jake Delhomme added to the score by completing a 24-yard TD pass to WR (Steve Smith). In the second quarter, the Cowboys started to play catch-up. QB Tony Romo completed a 3-yard TD pass to TE Jason Witten and kicker Mike Vanderjagt made a 38-yard field goal. After a scoreless third quarter, the Panthers squandered their early lead in the fourth quarter. It came it the form of Vanderjagt kicking a 24-yard field goal, RB Julius Jones getting a 14-yard TD run (with Romo hooking up WR Terrell Owens on the two-point conversion), a 3-yard TD run by RB Marion Barber, and Barber getting a 14-yard TD run. With their loss, the Panthers entered their Bye Week at 4–4.
Week 10: vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
"at Bank of America Stadium, Charlotte, North Carolina"
Coming off their Bye Week, the Panthers stayed at home for an NFC South rematch with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Monday Night Football. In the first quarter, Carolina trailed early as QB Bruce Gradkowski completed a 6-yard TD pass to WR Ike Hilliard for the only score of the first quarter and of the first half. In the third quarter, the Panthers struck back with kicker John Kasay completing a 28-yard field goal. Afterwards, QB Jake Delhomme completed a 4-yard TD pass to WR Keyshawn Johnson, followed up by FB Brad Hoover's 5-yard TD run. In the third quarter, Tampa Bay tried to come back as kicker Matt Bryant nailed a 28-yard field goal. Carolina managed to put the game away as Delhomme completed a 36-yard TD pass to WR Steve Smith. With the win, the Panthers improved to 5–4.
Week 11: vs. St. Louis Rams.
"at Bank of America Stadium, Charlotte, North Carolina"
Coming off their primetime sweep over the Bucs, the Panthers stayed at home for the Week 11 fight with the St. Louis Rams. This game was notable as former teammates Stephen Davis and Will Witherspoon returned as members of the Rams. After a scoreless first quarter, the Panthers showed dominance as kicker John Kasay nailed a 40-yard field goal, while QB Jake Delhomme completed a 62-yard TD pass to WR Steve Smith. In the third quarter, Kasay continued on improving Carolina's lead with a 34-yard field goal. Finally, in the fourth quarter, DE Mike Rucker helped put the game away as he sacked Rams QB Marc Bulger in St. Louis' endzone for a safety. With a strong defensive showing, the Panthers record their first home shutout since 1996 and their first overall since 1998. With the win, the Panthers improved to 6–4.
Week 12: at Washington Redskins.
"at FedExField, Landover, Maryland"
With two straight home wins under their belt, the Panthers flew to FedExField for an intraconference fight with the Washington Redskins. In the first quarter, Carolina struck first with kicker John Kasay getting a 42-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Redskins tied the game up with kicker Nick Novak getting a 42-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Panthers regained the lead with Kasay's 51-yard field goal as time ran out on the half. In the third quarter, Carolina's lead was gone when QB Jason Campbell completed a 4-yard TD pass to WR Antwaan Randle El for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, the Panthers regained the lead with QB Jake Delhomme completing an 8-yard TD pass to WR Steve Smith. However, it was not meant to be as Washington got the win with Campbell's 66-yard TD pass to TE Chris Cooley. With the loss, the Panthers fell to 6–5.
Week 13: at Philadelphia Eagles.
"at Lincoln Financial Field, Philadelphia"
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Redskins, the Panthers flew to Lincoln Financial Field for a Monday Night fight with the Philadelphia Eagles. In the scrappy first quarter, Carolina struck first with QB Jake Delhomme completing a 9-yard TD pass to WR Steve Smith for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Eagles responded with QB Jeff Garcia completing an 8-yard TD pass to RB Brian Westbrook. The Panthers regained the lead before the half with Delhomme completing a 1-yard TD pass to the back corner of the endzone, caught by WR Keyshawn Johnson. In the third quarter, Philadelphia struck back with Garcia completing a 30-yard TD pass to WR Donte' Stallworth. Yet again, Carolina regained the lead with Delhomme completing a 35-yard TD screen pass to rookie RB DeAngelo Williams, who rushed well after a shaky first quarter. In the fourth quarter, the Eagles crept closer with kicker David Akers getting a 28-yard field goal. The Panthers responded with kicker John Kasay getting a 45-yard field goal. Philadelphia responded with Garcia completing a 40-yard TD pass to WR Reggie Brown. Then, things got grim when Delhomme got intercepted by Free Safety Brian Dawkins under pressure in the pocket, which led to Akers kicking a 25-yard field goal. Carolina tried to fight back as they marched deep into Philly territory, but came up short when Delhomme got intercepted again by cornerback Lito Sheppard in almost the same spot where Keyshawn Johnson made the earlier TD completion. Johnson claimed pass interference from Sheppard, but an official review decided this was not the case. With the loss, not only did the Panthers fall to 6–6, but it also marked the 5th time this season the Panthers had the lead going into the fourth quarter and lost. In many Panther's fans minds there was much pass interference and Shepard never had possession anyway.
Week 14: vs. New York Giants.
"at Bank of America Stadium, Charlotte, North Carolina"
Trying to snap a two-game losing streak and keep any playoff hope alive, the Panthers went home for a Week 14 fight with the New York Giants. For this game, QB Chris Weinke made his first start since 2002, as he stood in place for an injured Jake Delhomme (thumb injury). In the first quarter, the Panthers trailed as Giants kicker Jay Feely nailed a 32-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Carolina's troubles increased as QB Eli Manning completed a 28-yard TD to WR Plaxico Burress. The Panthers got on the board with Weinke completing a 36-yard TD pass to WR Drew Carter, while kicker John Kasay nailed a 37-yard field goal. However, the G-Men continued to pound out some frustrations as Manning completed a 2-yard TD pass to TE Jeremy Shockey. In the third quarter, Carolina's struggles continued with Feely kicking a 29-yard field goal, while Manning completed a 3-yard TD pass to WR David Tyree. In the fourth quarter, the only sort of comeback Carolina could muster was Kasay's 45-yard field goal. Despite Weinke throwing for 423 yards (with his 61 attempts becoming the second highest of his career), he threw 3 interceptions. With their third-straight loss, the Panthers fell to 6–7.
Week 15: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers.
"at Bank of America Stadium, Charlotte, North Carolina"
Trying to end their three-game losing skid, the Panthers played their final home game of the year against the defending Super Bowl champion Pittsburgh Steelers. With QB Jake Delhomme's thumb still sore, Chris Weinke once again got the start. After a scoreless first quarter, Carolina's recent struggles continued with QB Ben Roethlisberger's 1-yard TD run, kicker Jeff Reed's 19-yard field goal, and Roethlisberger's 13-yard TD pass to RB Najeh Davenport. Afterwards, the Panthers got their only score of the game with kicker John Kasay getting a 37-yard field goal. In the third quarter, more Panther trouble continued with Reed's 45-yard field goal and RB Willie Parker's 41-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, WR Santonio Holmes returned a punt 65-yards for a touchdown, while Josh Reed booted a 26-yard field goal. With their fourth-straight loss, the Panthers fell to 6–8.
Week 16: at Atlanta Falcons.
"at the Georgia Dome, Atlanta"
The Panthers visited NFC South rival Atlanta in a bid to keep their fading playoff hopes alive. Chris Weinke continued to start at QB in place of injured stater Jake Delhomme. The Falcons opened the scoring with a field goal from NFL legend Morten Andersen which set the all-time record for field goals, cementing the Dane's place in league history. The Panthers opened the game with several running plays, which set the tone for the game. The Panthers' drive stretched into the 2nd quarter where they scored on a 1-yard pass from Weinke to sparingly used TE Jeff King. Kicker John Kasay extended the lead to 7 with a field goal. The game ended 10–3. The Panthers completed four passes of only seven attempted. Offensive Coordinator Dan Henning called runnings play 52 times, including many from the archaic single-wing formation which was later called the "Wildcat Formation", used almost exclusively by the Miami Dolphins that he brought over after being let go end of the season.
Although the Panthers improved to 7–8 with their win, they fell out of the playoff race with Atlanta with the New York Giants' Week 17 Saturday night win over the Washington Redskins.
Week 17: at New Orleans Saints.
"at the Louisiana Superdome, New Orleans"
The Panthers arrived in New Orleans to face off with the Saints. On the Saints' first drive, Reggie Bush scored a touchdown to give the Saints an early lead. The Panthers came right back with a pass to Steve Smith for the score. In the second quarter, Jamie Martin passed left short to Jamaal Branch for a touchdown for the Saints. The Panthers responded once again with DeShaun Foster running into the end zone to tie the game at 14. Martin then made an interception and returned the ball for a touchdown to give the Panthers the lead. On the Panthers' next offensive possession, Jake Delhomme made a short pass to Smith to give the Panthers a 28–14 lead. The Saints cut the deficit in half when Fred McAfee rushed up the middle for a touchdown. The Panthers kicked a field goal in the fourth quarter which ended the scoring to give Carolina a 31–21 victory. This win closed out the Panthers' disappointing season at 8–8.

</doc>
<doc id="6930065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930065" title="Paul-André Cadieux">
Paul-André Cadieux

Paul-Andre Cadieux (June 25, 1947 – September 16, 2024) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and later player-coach, coach and sports director. He was the father of ice hockey player Jan Cadieux.
Born in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, Cadieux studied sports science at the University of Ottawa and came to Switzerland to play for SC Bern in 1970. He stayed in the Swiss hockey scene ever afterwards. 
Cadieux died on September 16, 2024, at the age of 77.

</doc>
<doc id="6930066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930066" title="Pseudoginglystomatidae">
Pseudoginglystomatidae



</doc>
<doc id="6930069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930069" title="Axis Percussion">
Axis Percussion

AXiS Pedal &amp; Drum Co (formally Axis Percussion) is a United States company specializing in the manufacture of precision drum pedals and drum hardware. 
The company aims for high qualities of craftsmanship and makes use of aircraft grade aluminum and steel.
Some Axis pedals, called longboards, are unusual in having straight flat foot plates with no heel plates.
Users of Axis products include Tim Waterson (former title holder of "The world's fastest drummer"), who can hit 1407 double strokes a minute (about 352 bpm) and 1030 single strokes a minute (about 258 bpm), and Tim "The Missile" Yeung (Winner of the World's Fastest drummer battle of the feet 2006) who used the same pedals to hit 872 single strokes a minute (218bpm).

</doc>
<doc id="6930074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930074" title="Bishop v. Aranov">
Bishop v. Aranov



</doc>
<doc id="6930078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930078" title="Mary Rippon Theatre">
Mary Rippon Theatre



</doc>
<doc id="6930083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930083" title="Wunschkind">
Wunschkind



</doc>
<doc id="6930086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930086" title="Berisso Partido">
Berisso Partido

Berisso Partido is a small eastern partido of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of 80,092 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Berisso, which is around from Buenos Aires.
The district forms part of the historical territory of Gran La Plata, to the south of Buenos Aires.
Berisso is home to Club Atlético Villa San Carlos, a football club who currently play in the regionalised 3rd division of Argentine football.

</doc>
<doc id="6930093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930093" title="1958 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1958 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 1958 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 1958 to select the governor of the state of South Carolina. Ernest Hollings won the Democratic primary against rival Donald S. Russell and ran unopposed in the general election becoming the 106th governor.
Democratic primary.
Candidates.
The South Carolina Democratic Party held their primary for governor in the summer of 1958 and it became a heated contest between Lieutenant Governor Ernest Hollings and the former president of the University of South Carolina, Donald S. Russell. Hollings emerged victorious from the runoff and effectively became the next governor of South Carolina because there was no opposition in the general election.
General election.
The general election was held on November 4, 1958 and Ernest Hollings was elected the next governor of South Carolina without opposition. Being a non-presidential election and few contested races, turnout was much lower than the Democratic primary election.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6930096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930096" title="Paris - Bruxelles">
Paris - Bruxelles



</doc>
<doc id="6930099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930099" title="Thierry Cygan">
Thierry Cygan

Thierry Cygan (born 4 April 1975) is a French former footballer who played as a defender for SO Cholet.
Career.
In the 1996-1997 season, he played 24 matches and won the Championnat National with ES Wasquehal. He then played five seasons in the Ligue 2 for Wasquehal. In 2002, he was signed up by Angers.
While playing for Angers in the 2002–03 season, he finishes as the runner-up in the National. As a result, Angers was promoted to the Ligue 2 under the leadership of Éric Guérit. After two seasons in the Ligue 2, the club was relegated once again.
In 2008, after Angers finished the season on the 10th spot, the club fires him after six seasons spent in the Maine-et-Loire.
In November 2008, Cygan signed a one-year-and-a-half deal with AS Cherbourg. He played his first game in the Coupe de France against Vannes OC on 22 November 2008 (final score: 3–1 to Vannes, after extra time).
After the club was relegated to the CFA, Cygan joined SO Cholet in the CFA2.
He retired in 2011 and in 2012 he was appointed the coach of USSCA Champtocé in the French Regional Football League (DRH).
Personal life.
Thierry is the younger brother of Pascal Cygan.

</doc>
<doc id="6930100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930100" title="Balcarce Partido">
Balcarce Partido

Balcarce Partido is a partido of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of 42,040 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Balcarce, which is around from Buenos Aires.
Name.
The partido is named after Antonio González de Balcarce (1774-1819), an Argentine military commander, governor of Buenos Aires and Supreme Director (president) of Argentina in 1816.
Economy.
The economy of Balcarce Partido is dominated by agriculture. Other economic activities include mineral extraction and tourism.
Farming is dominated by the production of arable crops and potatoes.
The impact of modern farming techniques and mining has damaged the natural habitats of indigenous species such as emu, jackrabbit, viscacha and armadillo.
Balcarce is home to Argentina's National Institute of Agricultural Technology, Instituto Nacional de Tecnología Agropecuaria (INTA) and the faculty of agrarian sciences, Facultad de Ciencias Agrarias de la Universidad Nacional de Mar del Plata.

</doc>
<doc id="6930103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930103" title="2006 New York Jets season">
2006 New York Jets season

The 2006 New York Jets season was the franchise's 37th season in the National Football League (NFL), the 47th season overall, and the first under new head coach Eric Mangini.
The season began with the team trying to improve on their 4–12 record in 2005. The season marked the first for rookie head coach Eric Mangini, who replaced Herman Edwards after the latter left the Jets to coach the Kansas City Chiefs. Although expectations were low for the team, the Jets managed to go 10–6, including winning five of their final six games, and clinched their first playoff berth since 2004 and the fifth seed in the playoffs. They fell in the wild card round to the division rival New England Patriots by a score of 37–16.
Offseason.
Coaching changes.
Head coach Herman Edwards left the Jets on January 8, when he was announced as the successor to coach Dick Vermeil for the Kansas City Chiefs, despite Edwards’ insistence during the season that he would finish the remainder of his contract with the Jets. The Jets received a fourth-round pick in the 2006 NFL draft from the Chiefs for the right to negotiate with Edwards, which was roundly criticized as unsubstantial for the loss of a head coach. On January 17, the Jets announced that New England Patriots defensive coordinator Eric Mangini had been signed as head coach. Mangini became the youngest head coach in the NFL, turning 35 on January 19. Mangini's first order of business was to reorganize the coaching staff. Offensive coordinator Mike Heimerdinger and defensive coordinator Donnie Henderson were both released from the Jets staff. Special Teams Coordinator Mike Westoff was retained. A full staff was announced on February 20. Linebackers coach Bob Sutton was named defensive coordinator and the team signed Jim Herrmann to replace Sutton as the linebackers coach. Herrmann was the defensive coordinator at the University of Michigan for twenty years before arriving in New York.
General Manager Terry Bradway announced that he was stepping down as Jets GM on February 7. Assistant GM Mike Tannenbaum was named the new GM on the same day. Bradway continues to be employed by the Jets organization as a scouting consultant.
Player transactions.
The Jets moved quickly to get under the salary cap as they were over by $25 million. On February 22, tackle Jason Fabini, quarterback Jay Fiedler, linebacker Barry Gardner, defensive tackle Lance Legree, fullback Jerald Sowell and wide receiver Harry Williams were placed on waivers. The team chose not to tender an offer to Mark Brown. Cornerback Ty Law also parted ways with the Jets, as the organization decided not to exercise the contract option to extend his contract through 2008. Running back Curtis Martin agreed to an undisclosed restructured contract.
Pro Bowl Center Kevin Mawae was released on March 5. Mawae disagreed with the assertion that his release was for salary cap reasons, as his cut would only be a savings of $1.1 million, and felt that it was simply a change in direction for the team, and Mawae later signed with the Tennessee Titans.
The Jets also restructured the contract of quarterback Chad Pennington. Pennington's contract was cut from a base salary of $6 million to $3 million. Pennington will be able to make back the $3 million through incentives. He also had to forfeit his $3 million roster bonus that was due at the start of free agency.
John Abraham was designated the team's franchise player. He would later be traded to the Atlanta Falcons involving a 3-way trade between the Jets, Falcons, and the Denver Broncos. The Falcons traded their first-round draft pick (#15) to the Broncos for the Broncos first (#29), third (#93) and 2008 fourth-round pick. The Falcons traded the #29 overall pick to the Jets in exchange for Abraham.
Patrick Ramsey was traded to the Jets on March 17 for their sixth-round draft pick. Tight end Chris Baker, who became an unrestricted free agent in the offseason, re-signed with the Jets, his hometown team, on March 24. Andre Dyson was signed by the Jets on March 29 for a five-year, $11.5 million deal, including $3 million in signing and roster bonuses.
Other notable signings include linebackers Matt Chatham, a former New England Patriot, ex-Tennessee Titan Brad Kassell, ex-Pittsburgh Steeler defensive end Kimo von Oelhoffen, another ex-Patriot wide receiver, Tim Dwight, ex-Denver Bronco defensive tackle Monsanto Pope, ex-Buffalo Bill center Trey Teague, and ex-Arizona Cardinal Offensive Tackle Anthony Clement.
The club also signed former longtime Jets Victor Green and Richie Anderson. Both intend to retire in a Jets uniform. Kevan Barlow was acquired from the San Francisco 49ers for an undisclosed draft pick in the 2007 NFL draft, after the Jets’ trade of defensive back Derrick Strait to the Cleveland Browns for running back Lee Suggs on August 14 fell through because Suggs failed his physical.
On the eve of the Jets pre-season finale, they sent quarterback Brooks Bollinger to the Minnesota Vikings for C.J. Mosley. Backup tight end Doug Jolley was also traded to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for an undisclosed draft pick. The team also picked up Cowboys tight end Sean Ryan for an undisclosed draft pick and claimed former Texas standout Sloan Thomas from the Titans.
2006 NFL draft.
As a result of their 4–12 2005 record, the Jets were granted the fourth pick in the first round of the NFL draft, which was held on April 29 and 30. When the Houston Texans announced they would take defensive end Mario Williams of North Carolina State instead of Heisman Trophy-winning running back Reggie Bush of USC, some observers felt the Jets should trade up to the second pick and draft him. However, it appeared that making such a trade would have been too prohibitive for the team, and Bush would be drafted second by the New Orleans Saints. Instead, the Jets decided to focus on their offensive line with the draft and took offensive tackle D'Brickashaw Ferguson from Virginia. With their other first-round pick acquired in the John Abraham trade, they took center Nick Mangold of Ohio State.
Regular season.
In addition to their regular games with AFC East rivals, the Jets played teams from the AFC South and NFC North as per the schedule rotation, and also played intraconference games against the Cleveland Browns and the Oakland Raiders based on divisional positions from 2005.
Schedule.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Regular season game summaries.
Week 1: at Tennessee Titans.
Game summary.
After the teams traded punts on the first four possessions of the game, Pennington led the Jets on a 9-play, 76-yard drive, aided by a pass-interference call on Titans linebacker Peter Sirmon that negated an interception by defensive back Reynaldo Hill, capped off by a 1-yard touchdown run from Kevan Barlow.
After another Titans punt, Tennessee head coach Jeff Fisher grew impatient with starting quarterback Kerry Collins, pulling him in favor of rookie quarterback Vince Young. Young drove the Titans to the Jets’ 32-yard line, but underthrew receiver David Givens on the next play, and Andre Dyson intercepted. Pennington drove the Jets into the Titans’ red zone, completing a 10-yard pass to Sean Ryan, but Ryan was hit hard by Keith Bulluck and fumbled, with Tennessee recovering. However, two plays later, the Jets would get the ball right back, as Collins, inserted back into the game, was intercepted by Dyson, his second of the quarter. Setting up shop at the Titans’ 36-yard line, the Jets would capitalize, as Pennington threw an 8-yard touchdown pass to Jerricho Cotchery with 18 seconds left in the first half, but kicker Mike Nugent shanked the extra-point attempt wide right to leave the Jets with a 13–0 halftime lead.
When the second half started, Collins was intercepted again, this time by Kerry Rhodes, who returned the ball 25 yards to the Tennessee 22. Nugent nailed an 18-yard field goal as the drive stalled at the one-yard line. On the Jets’ next possession, Pennington drove to the red zone again, but Nugent missed a 34-yard field goal attempt wide right. On the Jets’ next possession, Pennington appeared to find Cotchery on a 2-yard touchdown pass, but the touchdown was nullified by a holding penalty on D'Brickashaw Ferguson. When the drive stalled, Nugent missed another field goal, hitting the right upright from 30 yards out.
Tennessee finally capitalized, with Travis Henry scoring on a 3-yard touchdown run with 10:48 left in the game. Tennessee went for two, and brought in Young. Young's pass intended for Bobby Wade was incomplete, but Jets defensive back Derrick Strait was flagged for pass interference, giving the Titans second life. They would take advantage, with Collins handing off to Henry for the conversion. After a trade of punts, the Jets took over on their own 11 with 7:28 to go. On third down, Pennington was sacked by Cortland Finnegan, and Tennessee's Randy Starks recovered at New York's 1-yard line. Tennessee went for two and converted, with Collins finding Drew Bennett open, and the game was tied, 16–16.
The Jets came right back, first with Justin Miller returning the ensuing kickoff 41 yards, and then Pennington steadily driving downfield, finding Baker on the 12-yard touchdown pass to cap a 7-play, 57-yard drive. The Jets had to hold on because on the next possession, Collins found Bennett on a 26-yard completion moving the ball to midfield, and he then completed long passes to Ben Troupe and Wade to move the ball to the Jets’ 12-yard line with 1:11 to play. The Jets locked down, and on 4th-and-6 from the Jets’ 8-yard line, Collins’ pass for Bo Scaife was knocked away by Rhodes, ending the game.
Scoring Summary.
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 2: vs. New England Patriots.
In the week leading up to the matchup of 1–0 teams, bad blood brewed between the two teams when the Patriots filed tampering charges against the Jets for former wide receiver Deion Branch. The Patriots stated that while the Jets had permission to negotiate a contract with Branch, any trade talks were to be solely between the teams. They claimed that because Branch and his representatives had knowledge of what was being offered in a trade, the Patriots’ negotiating position was compromised.
Game summary.
After both teams punted on their first possessions, Patriots quarterback Tom Brady led the Patriots on an 11-play, 82-yard drive, capped by Corey Dillon’s 1-yard touchdown run. Following another Jets punt, Brady led New England on an 87-yard drive capped by rookie kicker Stephen Gostkowski’s 20-yard field goal and a 10–0 lead. The game turned when Jets punter Ben Graham shanked a 10-yard punt booting from his own 40, giving Brady and the Patriots the ball at midfield with 1:01 to go in the half. Aided by big completions to Troy Brown (14 yards) and Benjamin Watson (23 yards), with 20 seconds to play, Brady found Chad Jackson on a 13-yard touchdown pass.
On the Jets’ first drive of the second half, they were faced with a 4th-and-1 from their own 46-yard line. Coach Eric Mangini risked going for it, but running back Kevan Barlow was stopped at the line for no gain. Aided by two costly Jets penalties, a pass-interference call on Victor Hobson and a defensive holding call on Erik Coleman, New England drove to the Jets’ 1-yard line, where rookie running back Laurence Maroney punched the ball in for a 24–0 Patriots lead.
But, the dormant Jets offense finally woke up. On a 3rd-and-13 from their own 29-yard line, Chad Pennington completed a deep pass downfield to Jerricho Cotchery, who had to backpedal and leap for the ball as Pennington scrambled out of the pocket. He was hit hard by the Patriots’ Chad Scott, and fell on top of the Patriots’ Eugene Wilson. Hearing no whistle, he sprang up and ran untouched to the end zone. New England's challenge of the touchdown was upheld, as only Cotchery's hand hit the ground. Brady was intercepted by David Barrett, and on the ensuing possession, Pennington found Laveranues Coles on a slant pattern across the middle. Coles juked, causing Eugene Wilson to slip, and then outran the Patriots to the end zone to make it a 24–14 game with 50 seconds left in the third quarter.
The Jets’ rejuvenated defense caused Brady to fumble on New England's next possession, with Kerry Rhodes sacking and Bryan Thomas recovering at the Patriots’ 49-yard line. The Jets converted the opportunity into a 42-yard field goal from Mike Nugent, and suddenly, the Jets only trailed by a touchdown. However, when New England got the ball back with 9:14 to go on their own 30, they steadily wore the Jets down. Brady converted three third downs as the Patriots drove to the Jets’ 12-yard line with 1:11 to go, and a chip-shot field goal away from icing the game. However, kicker Gostkowski was blocked by Jonathan Vilma, who returned the ball to the Jets’ 9-yard line. With no timeouts and 1:05 to go, the Jets moved the ball to their own 45-yard line, but Pennington's heave with 15 seconds left was tipped and intercepted by Tedy Bruschi to effectively end the game.
Scoring Summary.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 3: at Buffalo Bills.
Game summary.
On Buffalo's first play, J. P. Losman found Peerless Price for an 18-yard completion. They finished their next play with a bang, as Losman found Roscoe Parrish for a short completion, who then juked past a defender and sprinted into the end zone for a 7–0 Bills lead just 55 seconds into the game. After a Jets punt, Buffalo moved the ball to the Jets’ 35-yard line, but on a fake field goal, holder Brian Moorman threw an incomplete pass. After another Jets punt, Buffalo moved the ball to the Jets’ 19-yard line, but Losman was sacked by Kerry Rhodes, and Jonathan Vilma scooped up the loose ball. On Buffalo's next possession, following another Jets punt, Buffalo gambled and went for it on 4th-and-3 from the Jets’ 28-yard line, but Losman's pass to Josh Reed only picked up two yards. The Jets capitalized, with rookie running back Leon Washington turning a short pass into a 46-yard gain to the Buffalo 3-yard line, where Kevan Barlow ran it in to tie the game, 7–7.
But Buffalo used a 32-yard run by Willis McGahee to move into Jets territory, and Rian Lindell booted a 36-yard field goal. Following a trade of punts, the Jets took over at their own 33 with 2:43 left in the first half. Operating out of a no-huddle offense, Pennington quickly drove the Jets downfield, finding Laveranues Coles and Jerricho Cotchery for big completions of 10+ yards before Pennington found Chris Baker open on a 1-yard touchdown pass with 14 seconds left in the half to give the Jets a 14–10 halftime lead.
Buffalo forced a punt on the Jets’ first possession of the second half, but with the ball on their own 33-yard line, Losman was sacked by Kerry Rhodes, and Victor Hobson picked it up and raced into the end zone for a 32-yard fumble return touchdown. Rhodes’ second sack forced a fumble in the game and third in the last two games. Late in the third quarter, Losman turned the ball over again, getting intercepted by David Barrett. However, Losman found Josh Reed open on a 31-yard completion to set up a 28-yard field goal by Lindell with 9:17 left in the game. The Jets appeared to put the game away on the next possession, with Cedric Houston scoring his first touchdown of the season on a 5-yard run with 3:26 to play. However, Losman rallied Buffalo, finding Peerless Price and Lee Evans on long completions before running the ball into the end zone from 12 yards out on a scramble to cut the Jets’ lead to 28–20. On the ensuing onside kick, Buffalo caught a break, as Lindell's onside kick bounced off the elbow of Jets linebacker Matt Chatham, and André Davis recovered. However, Buffalo could not get a first down, ending the game.
Scoring Summary.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 4: vs Indianapolis Colts.
Game summary.
On the game's first possession, Chad Pennington was sacked by Robert Mathis, fumbled, and the Colts’ Josh Thomas recovered. Dominic Rhodes would score on a 6-yard touchdown run minutes later. The teams would trade punts for the rest of the first quarter before Pennington drove the Jets at the beginning of the second quarter, using long completions to Laveranues Coles and Tim Dwight before he found Jerricho Cotchery on a 33-yard touchdown pass. What happened next stunned the Colts: Mike Nugent tried an onside kick and Kerry Rhodes recovered, sparking the home crowd. The Jets would make that surprise work, as Kevan Barlow scored on a 1-yard touchdown run with 4:44 left in the first half, and the Jets had a 14–7 lead. However, Peyton Manning rallied the Colts, converting a key third down to Marvin Harrison before Joseph Addai scored on a 2-yard touchdown run to tie the score going to halftime.
Indianapolis punted to open the second half, and the Jets began to drive. Pennington converted three third downs on a drive that took nearly nine minutes off the clock. Jets coach Eric Mangini tried his second gamble of the game: going for it on 4th-and-goal from the Colts’ 2-yard line. However, Pennington's pass was intercepted in the end zone by Rocky Boiman, the first time in his career Pennington was intercepted in the end zone. Boiman's interception would set up a fast-and-furious finish as the teams scored 31 points in the fourth quarter.
Indianapolis took advantage of Boiman's interception and drove to set up Martin Gramatica’s 20-yard field goal, as Joseph Addai picked up big yardage on the drive. Using a no-huddle offense, Pennington drove the Jets downfield, and aided by an illegal contact penalty on the Colts’ Mike Doss, scored the go-ahead touchdown as Kevan Barlow scored on a 5-yard run with 7:55 to play. Manning led the Colts right back, and aided by a pass-interference penalty on Justin Miller, found Bryan Fletcher on a 2-yard touchdown pass with 2:40 to play. On the ensuing kickoff, Miller ran the ball back 103 yards for a touchdown that sent Jets fans into hysteria. The Jets led 28–24 with 2:20 to play. However, that would be enough time for Manning, converting a huge third down to Marvin Harrison and a 15-yard pass to Reggie Wayne going to the Jets’ 1-yard line. Manning ran the ball up the middle on the next play to give the Colts the lead.
With eight seconds to play and the ball on the Jets’ 32-yard line, Pennington completed a seemingly innocuous pass to Leon Washington. However, what followed was an attempt to pull off a miracle. In order, the Jets tried a series of several laterals, going from Washington, to Brad Smith, to Laveranues Coles, to Pennington, to Justin McCareins, back to Smith, who fumbled but recovered. He lateraled back to Coles, who fumbled but recovered. At this point, the Jets were at the Colts’ 40-yard line. Coles ran down 13 yards and then tossed off to Nick Mangold, who fumbled, but this time, the Colts’ Jason David recovered, ending the game.
Scoring Summary.
First quarter
Second quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 5: at Jacksonville Jaguars.
Game summary.
For the third straight week, the game got off to a poor start for the Jets, as Chad Pennington was intercepted by Brian Williams on the Jets’ first possession. Byron Leftwich then completed a short pass to Fred Taylor, who turned it into a 32-yard gain. Two plays later, Maurice Jones-Drew scored on a 6-yard touchdown run. After forcing a punt, Leftwich completed passes to Reggie Williams and George Wrighster for long gains. Taylor would then score on a 13-yard touchdown run for a 14–0 Jaguars lead.
Early in the second quarter, the Jets attempted a punt, but the Jaguars’ Gerald Sensabaugh blocked it, and Jorge Cordova recovered at the Jets’ 8-yard line. Three plays later, Jones-Drew scored on a 4-yard touchdown run, surviving a challenge by the Jets. From there, Pennington was intercepted by Terry Cousin on the next possession, and Leftwich flipped a 1-yard touchdown pass to Wrighster.
Jacksonville would add a Josh Scobee 43-yard field goal early in the second half, and after Deon Grant intercepted Pennington, Leftwich threw a 16-yard touchdown pass to Williams for a 38–0 lead. The Jets’ lone scoring chance in the second half was stopped when Leon Washington was stuffed on a 4th-and-goal from the Jaguars’ 1-yard line early in the fourth quarter. The Jets were stopped on fourth down on their next possession when Pennington's scramble fell a yard short, and Scobee added a 40-yard field goal to close the scoring. On the Jets’ final possession, backup rookie quarterback Kellen Clemens made his first appearance under center, but he was sacked by Montavious Stanley, and Nick Greisen recovered.
Scoring Summary.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 6: vs. Miami Dolphins.
Game summary.
The Jets got off to a good start in this game, with Mike Nugent kicking a 33-yard field goal on the Jets’ first possession, their first points in the first quarter all season. The defense was a force early, a week after being trashed in the 41–0 loss to Jacksonville, as Andre Dyson intercepted Miami quarterback Joey Harrington on the next possession. After a punt, the Jets again forced a turnover, as Victor Hobson picked Harrington off. Midway through the second quarter, Miami gambled on a 4th-and-1 from the Jets’ 29-yard line, but Ronnie Brown was stopped. The game went to halftime still 3–0 Jets.
Pennington led the Jets on a long drive to open the second half, capped off by another 33-yard field goal by Nugent. Miami came right back, driving inside the Jets’ red zone, but the defense held firm, holding Miami to an Olindo Mare 21-yard field goal. After a good kick return by Justin Miller, Pennington turned a short completion to Laveranues Coles into a 58-yard touchdown as Coles found an opening and raced to the end zone for a 13–3 Jets lead. After Sammy Morris fumbled on the next possession for Miami, Pennington found Coles on a 22-yard touchdown pass to open up a 17-point lead with 13:23 to play.
Miami came right back, however, with Harrington leading the Dolphins quickly downfield on a 12-play, 81-yard drive, capped by a 2-yard touchdown toss to Chris Chambers. After forcing a punt, Harrington again led Miami downfield, using an 11-play, 74-yard drive to pull Miami within 20–17, as Ronnie Brown scored on a 1-yard run. After another punt, Miami took over on their own 11-yard line with 2:18 to play. Harrington used big completions to Randy McMichael and Chambers to move to the Jets’ 32-yard line with 38 seconds to play, but Mare's game-tying 51-yard attempt was well short, sealing the victory for New York.
Scoring Summary.
First quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 7: vs. Detroit Lions.
Game summary.
The Jets quickly drove downfield on their first possession, scoring their first touchdown in the first quarter all season. Chad Pennington found Jerricho Cotchery on a 28-yard completion and rookie running back Leon Washington picked up 23 yards on a sweep around end before Washington scored on a 5-yard touchdown run. On the Jets’ next possession, Pennington fired a 44-yard touchdown pass to Justin McCareins, his first touchdown of the season, to open up a 14–0 lead. The Lions would get on the board early in the second quarter as Jon Kitna had big completions to Dan Campbell, Mike Furrey, and Roy Williams, the pass to Williams a 22-yard touchdown. However, on the kickoff, Justin Miller returned the ball 56 yards inside Detroit territory, and after a pass from Pennington to Cotchery, Kevan Barlow scored on a 3-yard touchdown run. Kitna would get intercepted by Kerry Rhodes on the next possession, but Pennington would then get picked off by Terrence Holt at the Detroit 2-yard line to short-circuit a possible score. The Jets led 21–7 at halftime.
Kitna would again get intercepted on the first possession of the second half, this time by Jonathan Vilma. However, the drive went nowhere, and Detroit's next one, a 12-play, 83-yard drive, resulted in a 25-yard field goal by Jason Hanson. The Jets got that right back, as Pennington converted a couple of third downs during a drive that was capped by Mike Nugent’s 33-yard field goal. Down fourteen points, Detroit halved New York’s lead with Kitna finding Kevin Jones on a 9-yard touchdown pass on a drive where Kitna converted a critical 4th-and-11 pass to Mike Furrey. The Jets would come right back, with Washington scoring on a 16-yard touchdown run on a sweep around end. Detroit would not give up, as Kitna found Furrey on an 18-yard touchdown pass on a play that survived a Jets challenge. On that drive, Kitna again converted a fourth down to Furrey. However, Detroit’s ensuing onside kick failed, and the Jets ran out the clock.
Scoring Summary.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 8: at Cleveland Browns.
Game summary.
The Jets got the ball first and Pennington led the Jets on a 16-play, 83-yard drive that took 8:30 off the clock before Mike Nugent kicked a 27-yard field goal. On the Browns’ next possession, Reuben Droughns had two big gains to put the Browns in position for Phil Dawson’s 47-yard field goal, knotting the score, 3–3. Pennington was then intercepted by Sean Jones, and Charlie Frye led the Browns on a long drive that was capped by a 2-yard touchdown run by Droughns. Frye would get intercepted by Eric Smith on the Browns’ next possession, but Nugent missed a 52-yard field goal wide right, his first missed field goal since Week 1. However, the Jets would get a break as Dawson missed a chip-shot 26-yard field goal at the end of the first half. Still, Cleveland led 10–3 at halftime.
Cleveland got the ball first in the second half, and Droughns continued to move the ball, picking up solid yardage before Frye found Kellen Winslow II open on a 30-yard touchdown reception. After the teams traded punts, Leon Washington fumbled on the Jets’ 10-yard line, with Nick Eason forcing and Kamerion Wimbley recovering. Dawson knocked in a 21-yard field goal to give Cleveland a 20–3 lead with 3:51 left in the third quarter. The Jets got an immediate lift when Justin Miller returned the ensuing kickoff 99 yards for a score, his second return of the year, to cut the lead to ten. After a Browns punt, Pennington drove the Jets into position for Nugent's 47-yard field goal to narrow the deficit to 20–13. However, on the Jets’ next possession, Pennington was again intercepted by Jones, but Cleveland was forced to punt.
After another trade of punts, the Jets took over on Cleveland's 47-yard line with 1:56 to play. On 4th-and-4 from the Cleveland 24 with 1:06 to play, Pennington lofted a pass that Chris Baker leapt for and caught with one hand as he began to land. Just before his foot hit the ground, the Browns’ Brodney Pool levelled Baker, who landed out-of-bounds but still in possession of the ball. The referee ruled that Baker was out-of-bounds, rather than ruling he was forced out, which would have led to a touchdown. Eric Mangini called a timeout in the hopes that the referees would review the play, but since it was a judgement call, it was non-reviewable under NFL rules. Frye took a knee to end the game.
Scoring Summary.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 10: at New England Patriots.
Game summary.
On a rainy day in New England, both teams’ defenses held firm early, with the teams trading punts until New England went on a drive that reached one play into the second quarter, when Stephen Gostkowski booted a 31-yard field goal. On the Jets’ next play from scrimmage, Chad Pennington was intercepted by Artrell Hawkins. Two plays later, Tom Brady found Doug Gabriel open downfield for a long first down, but Victor Hobson forced a fumble and Kerry Rhodes recovered. The Jets followed with a time-consuming 16-play, 9:12 drive, capped off by a two-yard Kevan Barlow touchdown run for a 7–3 Jets lead.
New England battled downfield, converting a 4th-and-1 from their own 44 with a run to fullback Heath Evans, and on the first play after the two-minute warning, Brady appeared to be intercepted by Drew Coleman, who ran the ball back 35 yards. However, the play was negated on a controversial roughing-the-passer call on Hobson, who dove at Brady as he was releasing the ball, but drove him into the ground, prompting the flag. The Patriots then converted on a 4th-and-3 from the Jets’ 24, but settled for a 21-yard field goal from Gostkowski with four seconds left.
Justin Miller ran back the opening kickoff of the second half 62 yards, and the drive ended with Pennington lining up in the shotgun on 4th-and-5 from the Patriots’ 33, only to punt the ball to the New England 4. After a Patriots punt, Pennington led the Jets on another long drive, this one 15 plays and only 45 yards, but it ate 6:40 off the clock and resulted in Nugent's 34-yard field goal. Midway through the fourth quarter, Brady was intercepted by Erik Coleman, and Pennington tossed a 22-yard touchdown pass to Jerricho Cotchery, barely keeping his feet inbounds, although the play was never challenged. The Jets led 17–6 with 4:51 to go.
However, operating out of a no-huddle offense, Brady led the Patriots 61 yards in 31 seconds, capped by a 15-yard touchdown pass to Reche Caldwell, and Brady found Caldwell again on the two-point conversion to narrow the lead to 17–14. The next drive was critical, as the Jets forced New England to use all three timeouts, punting with 1:15 to go. New England took over at their own 11-yard line and moved the ball to the Jets’ 46-yard line. On the final play of the game, Brady was sacked by Shaun Ellis.
Scoring summary.
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 11: vs. Chicago Bears.
Game summary.
The first quarter was all about defense, as the teams traded punts until the Jets got the ball late in the first quarter at their own 24-yard line. On the drive, Chad Pennington converted key third downs to Brad Smith and Tim Dwight, and was soon faced with a 3rd-and-goal at the Bears’ 6-yard line. Apparently unable to see an open Laveranues Coles, Pennington lobbed a pass towards Chris Baker that was intercepted by Brian Urlacher. With just under four minutes left in the half, Thomas Jones appeared to fumble and Kerry Rhodes recovered, but Chicago successfully challenged the play, denying the Jets a scoring opportunity. The game was scoreless at halftime.
Eric Mangini opened the second half with an onside kick, like his surprise onside kick against Indianapolis in Week 4. Unfortunately, this one was scooped up by Chicago's Chris Harris. On the Bears’ first play, Jones broke off a 19-yard run, and Jones rushed every play on the drive that was capped off by a 20-yard field goal by Robbie Gould. The Jets’ next drive ended when Pennington was intercepted by Nathan Vasher in Chicago territory. The Bears’ game-breaking score came when Rex Grossman completed a short pass to Mark Bradley. The Jets’ Drew Coleman fell down attempting to make the tackle, and Bradley had an open lane to the end zone to extend the Bears’ lead to 10–0. The Bears then went into a ball-control offense, and the Jets could not muster anything.
Scoring Summary.
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 12: vs. Houston Texans.
Game summary.
The game started out with the teams trading punts, and when Houston attempted a punt from the Jets’ 37-yard line, punter Chad Stanley fumbled the snap and the Jets had the ball at their own 46-yard line. A 36-yard completion from Chad Pennington to Laveranues Coles almost went for naught when Leon Washington fumbled a short pass, but Brad Smith recovered. Mike Nugent booted a 23-yard field goal to put the Jets on the board. On the Jets’ next drive, Pennington led the Jets into Houston territory, aided by a pass-interference call on DeMarcus Faggins. Nugent kicked a 34-yard field goal for a 6–0 Jets lead. Houston rebounded, with David Carr converting a key third down to Andre Johnson to set up Kris Brown’s 47-yard field goal. Pennington completed a long pass to Jerricho Cotchery on the next drive to set up Nugent’s career-long 54-yard field goal to give the Jets a 9–3 lead. The half ended when Brown came up five yards short on a 59-yard field goal attempt.
On the Jets’ first possession of the second half, following a Houston punt, Pennington completed long passes to Chris Baker and Cotchery before finding Coles on a 12-yard touchdown pass. On the Jets’ next drive, fans everywhere held their breath when Pennington was drilled by Mario Williams while releasing a pass and was slow to get up. Luckily, he only had the wind knocked out of him. Kerry Rhodes intercepted Carr soon after, and Pennington completed another long pass to Cotchery to set up Cedric Houston’s 1-yard touchdown run and a 23–3 lead. The Jets’ final score came after a 13-play drive that ate up 8:27, capped by Nugent's 40-yard field goal, his fourth of the game. Houston closed the scoring when Carr found Johnson in the end zone, and then completed a two-point conversion pass to Wali Lundy.
Scoring Summary.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 13: at Green Bay Packers.
Game summary.
On the game's opening drive, Pennington drove the Jets downfield, aided by a key third-down completion to Justin McCareins, capped by Mike Nugent’s 24-yard field goal. On the next possession, Bryan Thomas sacked Brett Favre, causing a fumble while Dewayne Robertson recovered for the Jets. Out of a no-huddle offense, Pennington quickly engineered a scoring drive, a 12-yard touchdown pass to Jerricho Cotchery.
After a Packers punt, Pennington found Chris Baker and Cotchery on long completions to set up Cedric Houston’s 3-yard touchdown run for a 17–0 Jets lead. Dave Rayner would miss a 40-yard field goal wide right for Green Bay, and the Jets drove to another score, this time a 1-yard touchdown run by Houston. Favre would then get intercepted by Andre Dyson, and the Jets would get fortunate on the next drive, surviving a Laveranues Coles fumble that Cotchery recovered, and Baker had a couple of key grabs on the drive, including a 1-yard touchdown catch with 13 seconds to play in the half for a 31–0 lead.
Out of the gate in the second half, Green Bay resorted to a rushing game, and the first drive worked, with Rayner kicking a 34-yard field goal. Pennington then got intercepted by Charles Woodson. Green Bay could not convert a 4th-and-1 from the New York 33-yard line, but Pennington threw another pick, this time to Patrick Dendy. Green Bay made Pennington pay this time, as Favre found Donald Driver for a 20-yard touchdown to cut the lead to 31–10. Green Bay then recovered the ensuing onside kick, and the Packers had all the momentum. However, the Jets forced a punt and then drove to a touchdown, with Houston picking up a big run and Leon Washington finishing the drive with a 20-yard touchdown run that effectively ended the game.
Scoring Summary.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 14: vs. Buffalo Bills.
Game summary.
Buffalo struck first late in the first quarter when Willis McGahee broke through a hole and ran 57 yards to the end zone. Justin Miller put the Jets in good field position with the ensuing kickoff return, and after Chad Pennington found Laveranues Coles on a long completion, he found him on a 10-yard pass for a touchdown, knotting the game at 7. On the next drive, Anthony Thomas fumbled for Buffalo and Miller recovered. Mike Nugent would knock in a 30-yard field goal to give the Jets the lead.
With 4:59 left in the half, J. P. Losman found Lee Evans on a deep pass downfield that went for a 77-yard touchdown. On the first play after the two-minute warning, Pennington was intercepted by Nate Clements, who returned it 42 yards for a score. Nugent would add a 38-yard field goal right before halftime, and the Jets trailed 21–13 at halftime. The defenses held firm for a majority of the third quarter, before Losman found Robert Royal on a 6-yard touchdown pass. Rian Lindell’s 34-yard field goal with 8:04 remaining capped the scoring.
Scoring Summary.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 15: at Minnesota Vikings.
Game summary.
On the second play of the game, Chad Pennington was sacked by Napoleon Harris, and E. J. Henderson recovered. Three plays later, Brad Johnson tossed a 30-yard touchdown pass to Travis Taylor, and the Jets trailed 7–0 two minutes into the game. The Jets immediately responded, with Brad Smith making a key grab on the drive that ended with Cedric Houston’s 6-yard touchdown run. On the next Jets’ drive, Mike Nugent was ready to attempt a 37-yard field goal, but holder Ben Graham botched the snap, and the Jets could not score. Nugent would make a 25-yard field goal early in the second quarter to give the Jets a 10–7 lead.
Pennington found Jerricho Cotchery and Laveranues Coles for big completions on the drive that ended with Coles grabbing a 21-yard touchdown pass from Pennington. Nugent would make a 52-yard field goal for a 20–7 lead before Ryan Longwell missed a 49-yard field goal wide right for Minnesota, giving the Jets prime field position, and Nugent made a 45-yard field goal as time expired for a 23–7 halftime lead. With a large lead, the Jets controlled the clock in the second half, going on a nearly eight-minute drive that ended with a 20-yard field goal from Nugent, his fourth of the game and the final Jets score.
Johnson was pulled at the beginning of the fourth quarter for backup Tarvaris Jackson, and Jackson led Minnesota on a scoring drive, finding Troy Williamson on two long passes before connecting with Mewelde Moore on a 35-yard touchdown. Both the two-point conversion and ensuing onside kick failed, but Pennington was intercepted by Harris. Jackson led the Vikings to the New York 14-yard line with two minutes to go, but David Barrett intercepted Jackson, effectively ending the game.
Scoring Summary.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 16: at Miami Dolphins.
Game summary.
With the rest of Week 16's games being played on Christmas Eve, the Jets, due to losses by Jacksonville and Cincinnati, had two victories.
The game was played in a driving rainstorm as both teams struggled to move the ball early. With 49 seconds remaining in the first quarter, Mike Nugent was ready to attempt a 34-yard field goal, but holder Ben Graham could not handle the snap in the slippery conditions, and the Jets were denied. The two teams would trade punts for the rest of the half.
In the third quarter, Dolphins coach Nick Saban inserted backup quarterback Cleo Lemon into the game, replacing an ineffective Joey Harrington. Finally, the Jets went on a drive with 6:15 left in the third quarter, with Chad Pennington scrambling for 15 yards and moving into the Dolphins’ red zone when Yeremiah Bell was flagged for pass interference. Nugent knocked in a 22-yard field goal for the first points of the game. However, Lemon rallied Miami, completing two long passes to Randy McMichael and Ronnie Brown picking up a long run before Lemon tossed a 7-yard touchdown pass to McMichael, and the Dolphins led 7–3 with 13:26 left in the game.
Pennington led the Jets back to take the lead, completing key passes to Brad Smith and Leon Washington before finding Cotchery on a 31-yard completion to the Miami 1-yard line, but the Jets challenged, saying that Cotchery was brought down after he broke the plane of the end zone, and the referee agreed, giving the Jets a 10–7 lead with 8:04 remaining in the game. Miami was then forced to punt, but caught a break when Donnie Jones' kick bounced off the elbow of Jets linebacker Brad Kassell, and long snapper John Denney recovered at the Jets’ 42-yard line. Lemon led Miami downfield, completing key passes to Derek Hagan and Sammy Morris before Mare tied the game with a 25-yard field goal.
With 2:09 to play, the Jets’ biggest play of the season took place. Pennington flipped a short screen pass to Washington, who found a hole and scampered 64 yards down to the Miami 16-yard line. After three runs by Kevan Barlow, Nugent kicked a 30-yard field goal with 10 seconds to play, and the Jets had their biggest win of the year.
Scoring Summary.
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Week 17: vs. Oakland Raiders.
Game summary.
After the teams traded punts, Aaron Brooks completed a pass to Johnnie Morant for a first down, but David Barrett forced a fumble and Hank Poteat recovered. Brad Smith had a key run on the next drive, and Chad Pennington then tossed a 1-yard touchdown pass to Chris Baker. Oakland later went on a drive to the Jets’ 10-yard line, but on third down, Kerry Rhodes sacked Brooks, forcing Oakland to settle for a Sebastian Janikowski field goal. Pennington led the Jets on a key score during a "two-minute drill," bringing the Jets into position for a Mike Nugent 35-yard field goal and a 10–3 halftime lead.
Pennington would find Laveranues Coles, Leon Washington, and Baker on long gains on the first drive of the second half before Nugent kicked a 22-yard field goal. The ensuing kickoff was returned 92 yards by Chris Carr to the Jets’ 1-yard line, but the play was negated by a holding penalty on Jarrett Cooper. The Jets stopped Brooks on a 4th-and-inches on the drive, and effectively iced the game and a playoff spot when Leon Washington scored on a 15-yard touchdown run around end. On the next Oakland drive, Eric Barton sacked Brooks, forcing a fumble, and Bobby Hamilton recovered. Nugent's 35-yard field goal capped the scoring. When the Denver Broncos lost at home to the San Francisco 49ers, the Jets secured the top wild-card berth and a place in the wild-card round of the playoffs.
Scoring Summary.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Postseason.
Game summaries.
Game summary.
The Jets and Patriots had split their two games of the 2006 season, with the Jets winning the second matchup. Whereas the Jets won that game primarily by blitzing quarterback Tom Brady, this time Brady opened the game with a no-huddle offense, quickly scoring a touchdown on their opening drive. The Jets eventually went ahead, 10–7, on a 77-yard scamper on a short pass from Pennington to Jerricho Cotchery, but the Patriots responded with a field goal, and then a nearly seven-minute drive to close the first half with a touchdown, putting them ahead, 17–10.
In the second half, the Jets and Patriots each exchanged field goals, keeping the differential at seven. Arguably the biggest play of the game came when Jets quarterback Chad Pennington attempted a screen pass to Jerricho Cotchery. The pass was tipped and the ball fell to the ground, but because Pennington had made the pass slightly behind him, it was considered a lateral, and thus a fumbled ball. New England defensive tackle Vince Wilfork picked up the ball and ran it 35 yards to the Jets’ 15-yard line, ending any momentum the Jets had. The Patriots were able to convert on the turnover, and made it a ten-point game going into the fourth quarter.
In the fourth, the Jets again pulled to within seven points, but the Patriots again marched down the field, eating more than six minutes off the clock. The drive culminated in a seven-yard touchdown pass to running back Kevin Faulk. The final nail in the coffin for the Jets was an interception by Asante Samuel, which was returned for a touchdown with less than five minutes to play. After the game, Patriots coach Bill Belichick and Jets coach Eric Mangini, who were not on good terms during this season, embraced in the middle of the field.
Scoring summary.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter

</doc>
<doc id="6930107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930107" title="Paris-Bruxelles">
Paris-Bruxelles



</doc>
<doc id="6930109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930109" title="Christian Olsen">
Christian Olsen

Christian Olsen (born 9 November 1983) is a Danish football striker, who currently is playing as a playing assistant for Struer Boldklub.
Playing for amateur club Middelfart GB in the Danish fourth division (Danmarksserien), Olsen was the league top goalscorer in the 2005–06 season. He had trials with both Odense BK and Viborg FF, from the top-flight Danish Superliga championship. They did not sign him, and he moved to Superliga club FC Midtjylland (FCM) instead. He was known as "Speedy" when he was there for his quick acceleration and incredible speed.
He dived straight into the Superliga level for FCM, and made himself noticed with five goals in his first five games, all of them as a substitute. In the first half of the 2006–07 season, he took part in 14 of 18 games, 11 of those as a substitute. He scored seven goals in 597 minutes of play, equalling more than a goal per game, in effective playing time.
On 24 June he moved to Skive IK following a highly successful trial at the club.
On 20 Mars 2012 he moved to Icelandic team ÍBV, which was in third place the two seasons before. After the end of the 2012 season, he chose to retire from football at his age 29, deciding to prioritize his family.

</doc>
<doc id="6930136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930136" title="God's fingers">
God's fingers



</doc>
<doc id="6930140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930140" title="The One Where Joey Loses His Insurance">
The One Where Joey Loses His Insurance



</doc>
<doc id="6930146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930146" title="Diplonema (excavate)">
Diplonema (excavate)



</doc>
<doc id="6930149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930149" title="The Fabulous Destiny of Amélie Poulain">
The Fabulous Destiny of Amélie Poulain



</doc>
<doc id="6930152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930152" title="Vincenzo Esposito (footballer)">
Vincenzo Esposito (footballer)

Vincenzo Esposito (born 5 February 1963) is an Italian football coach and former player. He is the manager of club Livorno.
Playing career.
A midfielder, Esposito made his Serie A debut in 1982 with Torino. He successively joined Prato. He successively played for Lazio in the Serie B, and then for Atalanta and Cesena at Serie A level. He retired in 1996 after a second stint at Prato, with whom he totalled almost 200 first team appearances in total.
Coaching career.
After retiring, Esposito stayed on at Prato as part of the club's coaching staff, then becoming the head coach in 1997, and again between 1998 and 2004. He successively went on to work as a head coach for a number of teams in the minor leagues of Italian professionalism, as well as a three-year period as Inter Milan's Under-19 coach.
In 2011, Esposito returned to Prato as their new head coach until 2015, and then again from 2019 to 2021.
On 22 November 2022, he was hired by Serie D club Livorno as their new head coach, under the ownership of former Prato chairman Paolo Toccafondi.

</doc>
<doc id="6930160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930160" title="Ritchie Makuma Mpasa">
Ritchie Makuma Mpasa

Ritchie Makuma Mpasa (born 6 May 1985) is a French footballer currently playing for AC Amiens as a defender. He previously played in Ligue 2 with Amiens SC.

</doc>
<doc id="6930163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930163" title="Arthur Township">
Arthur Township

Arthur Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6930167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930167" title="Seend Locks">
Seend Locks

Seend Locks () are at Seend Cleeve, Wiltshire on the Kennet and Avon Canal, England.
They have a combined rise/fall of 38 ft 4ins (11.68m).
During the 19th century there were several wharves at Seend primarily serving the Seend Iron Works but these have been disused for many years. The five locks at Seend Cleeve are numbered 17 to 21. The Barge Inn is next to Seend Wharf bridge and between locks 18 and 19.
A back pump has been installed to ensure that there is water to fill the locks, the outflow of which is on a road bridge above the top lock.

</doc>
<doc id="6930171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930171" title="2006 Tennessee Titans season">
2006 Tennessee Titans season

The 2006 Tennessee Titans season was the franchise's 47th season overall, 37th with the National Football League (NFL), and tenth in Tennessee. The season began with the Titans trying to improve on the 4–12 record from their 2005 season. The team improved to 8–8, but missed the playoffs for the third consecutive season.
The Titans signed Pittsburgh Steelers safety Chris Hope, Indianapolis Colts linebacker David Thornton, New England Patriots wide receiver David Givens, New York Jets center Kevin Mawae, Oakland Raiders quarterback Kerry Collins, and brought back defensive tackle Robaire Smith after he was released by the Houston Texans.
The Titans, with the third 2006 overall pick, chose Vince Young, star quarterback out of the University of Texas, and with their second round pick, picked USC running back LenDale White. Then, they used the rest of their picks on Penn St. Safety Calvin Lowry, North Carolina St. LB Stephen Tulloch, Miami University (OH) LB Terna Nande, Tennessee DT Jesse Mahelona, Wisconsin WR Jonathan Orr, Samford corner Cortland Finnegan, Utah LB Spencer Toone, and Utah RB Quinton Ganther.
However, the Titans were winless for five consecutive games before winning their first game against the Redskins in week 6.
This was also the final season where Floyd Reese was general manager for the Titans as he resigned following the season.
Schedule.
Regular season.
Apart from their regular games with AFC South division rivals, the Titans played against the AFC East and NFC East according to the NFL's schedule rotation, and also played against the Ravens and the Chargers, who in 2005 had like the Titans each finished third in their division.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Regular season.
Week 1: vs. New York Jets.
"at LP Field, Nashville, Tennessee"
The Titans opened the regular season at home against the New York Jets on September 10. After a scoreless first quarter, the Titans started to seriously trail as opposing RB Kevan Barlow scored on a one-yard TD run (extra point attempt was good) and an 8-yard TD pass to opposing WR Jerricho Cotchery (extra point attempt failed). In the third quarter, things didn't get any better, as opposing kicker Mike Nugent kicked an 18-yard field goal to make Tennessee trail 16–0. In the fourth quarter, the Titans made a valiant attempt to come back, as RB Travis Henry got a 3-yard and a 1-yard TD run, which were both followed by successful two-point conversions. However, the Jets were just too much as opposing TE Chris Baker caught a 12-yard TD to put the game away. With the loss, the Titans began their season 0–1.
Week 2: at San Diego Chargers.
"at Qualcomm Stadium, San Diego, California"
In Week 2, the Titans played their first road game of the year against the San Diego Chargers. From the get-go, the Titans trailed as opposing kicker Nate Kaeding kicked a 28-yard field goal in the first quarter. Things only got worse in the second quarter, as San Diego unleashed their ultimate weapon, RB LaDainian Tomlinson, as he got a 4-yard and an 8-yard TD run and Kaeding got a 31-yard field goal to give Tennessee a 20–0 halftime deficit. Things weren't any better in the third quarter, as Kaeding got a 35 and a 44-yard field goal for San Diego. In the fourth quarter, the game was put well out of reach as opposing QB Philip Rivers completed a 12-yard TD pass to WR Vincent Jackson. By this time, QB Kerry Collins was taken out and rookie QB Vince Young came in to complete an 18-yard pass to WR Drew Bennett. However, the Chargers delivered one more blow as opposing QB Charlie Whitehurst ran 14 yards for the game's final TD. With the loss, the Titans fell to 0–2.
Week 3: at Miami Dolphins.
"at Dolphin Stadium, Miami Gardens, Florida"
Staying on the road, the Titans traveled to Dolphin Stadium for a Week 3 contest against the Miami Dolphins. From the get-go, the Titans trailed as kicker Olindo Mare got a 40-yard field goal. The Titans took the lead before halftime as QB Kerry Collins completed a 27-yard TD pass to TE Bo Scaife in the second quarter. However, in the third quarter, the Dolphins retook the lead as QB Daunte Culpepper got a touchdown on a 5-yard QB sneak. Titans kicker Rob Bironas tied the game up on a 22-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Dolphins walked away with their first win as Mare booted a 39-yard field goal to drop the Titans to 0–3.
Week 4: vs. Dallas Cowboys.
"at LP Field, Nashville, Tennessee"
Back at home, the Dallas Cowboys traveled to Nashville to face off against the Titans. The Titans started their rookie quarterback Vince Young after veteran Kerry Collins produced dismal results after the first 3 games of the season. The Titans were able to score with a field goal on their opening drive making it the first time this season that they were able to score in the first quarter. The Titans were held to two field goals in the first half while the Cowboys had a lead at halftime with two 13-yard TD passes from Drew Bledsoe to WR Terry Glenn to put them up 14–6.
The Cowboys continued to drive up the score during the 3rd quarter with a 5-yard touchdown run by RB Julius Jones. During this play Titans' DT Albert Haynesworth stepped on the face of Cowboys center Andre Gurode. Haynesworth was flagged for Unsportsmanlike Conduct and ejected from the game. He protested his ejection by taking off his helmet and throwing it on the ground. He was then flagged again with another Unsportsmanlike Conduct penalty. Gurode left the field with an ice pack to his face and required stitched above his left eye. He did not return to the field. Head Coach Jeff Fisher as well as Haynesworth later apologized for his actions. Vince Young connected for his second touchdown of the year to TE Ben Troupe.
During the 4th quarter, the Cowboys scored on a field goal by Mike Vanderjagt. LB Brady James intercepted Vince Young's pass intended for Ben Troupe and returned it for a touchdown. The Cowboys sealed the win with a 7-yard TD run by Tyson Thompson with a final score of 45 to 14. The Cowboys moved to 2 and 1 while the Titans continued to losing streak dropping to 0–4.
Week 5: at Indianapolis Colts.
"at the RCA Dome, Indianapolis, Indiana"
Hoping to get their first win of the year, the Titans traveled to the RCA Dome for Week 5, as they played an AFC South match-up with the Indianapolis Colts. The Titans got off to a surprising start, as QB Vince Young ran 19 yards for a touchdown. Tennessee followed it up in the second quarter, as kicker Rob Bironas kicked a 22-yard field goal to give the Titans a 10–0 halftime lead. In the third quarter, Tennessee got an unpleasant wake-up call, as Colts QB Peyton Manning completed a 13-yard TD pass to WR Marvin Harrison. The Titans got another field goal, as Bironas kicked a 47-yarder. Tennessee remained winless on the year, as Manning completed a 2-yard TD pass to WR Reggie Wayne in the fourth quarter. With their loss, the Titans continued to stay at the bottom of the AFC South at 0–5.
Week 6: at Washington Redskins.
"at FedExField, Landover, Maryland"
The Titans won their first game of the year, and Vince Young earned his first NFL win in a game against the Washington Redskins at FedExField.
The Titans got on the board first as K Rob Bironas connected on a 32-yard field goal five minutes into the game. The Skins responded with a 10-yard touchdown run by RB Clinton Portis. On the first play of the second quarter, Skins QB Mark Brunell hit TE Chris Cooley with a 24-yard touchdown pass. Titans K Bironas converted a 26-yard field goal, and Young hit WR Brandon Jones with a 3-yard touchdown near the end of the first half, to pull the Titans to within one going into halftime. Titans RB Travis Henry rushed for a career-high 178 yards and scored on a 2-yard run in the third quarter. On the Skins next possession, Titans FB Casey Cramer blocked a Derrick Frost punt out of the end zone for a safety. Skins RB Portis ran for his second touchdown early in the fourth quarter, and Brunell hit WR Santana Moss for the two-point conversion to tie the game at 22. Titans K Bironas kicked a field goal from 30 yards out with 5 minutes left to give them a 25–22 lead. The Skins had one last chance but Brunell threw an interception to S Lamont Thompson to seal the deal for the Titans. With the win, the Titans went into their bye week at 1–5.
Week 8: vs. Houston Texans.
"at LP Field, Nashville, Tennessee"
Coming off their Bye Week, the Titans went home for an AFC South battle with the Houston Texans. After a scoreless first quarter, Titans QB Vince Young started the scoring with a 20-yard TD run. Afterwards, Texans kicker Kris Brown kicked a 27-yard field goal. Tennessee struckback with DE Tony Brown returning a fumble 40 yards for a touchdown. In the third quarter, Young completed a 20-yard TD pass to WR Bobby Wade, while Houston QB Sage Rosenfels (who replaced starting QB David Carr early in the quarter) completed a 10-yard TD pass to WR Andre Johnson. In the fourth quarter, Adam "Pacman" Jones helped the Titans boost their lead by returning a punt 53 yards for a touchdown. The Texans fought back, as Rosenfels completed a 1-yard TD pass to rookie TE Owen Daniels (Extra Point Attempt Failed) and a 2-yard TD pass to Daniels (2-Point Attempt Failed). In the end, Tennessee had consecutive victories, and improved to 2–5.
Week 9: at Jacksonville Jaguars.
"at Alltel Stadium, Jacksonville, Florida"
Hoping to build on their recent victory over the Texans, the Titans flew to Alltel Stadium for an AFC South fight with the Jacksonville Jaguars. From the get-go, the Titans fell behind, as Jags QB David Garrard completed an 11-yard TD pass to WR Ernest Wilford and a 14-yard TD pass to TE George Wrighster in the first quarter. In the second quarter, Jaguars kicker Josh Scobee kicked a 47-yard and a 21-yard field goal in the second quarter, giving Jacksonville a 20–0 lead over Tennessee at halftime. In the third quarter, the Titans woes continued as Garrard hooked up with Wilford again on a 22-yard TD strike. Then, DB Scott Starks returned an interception 55 yards for a touchdown. Finally, Scobee kicked a 39-yard field goal, putting the game out of reach. In the fourth quarter, Tennessee got their only score of the game, as QB Vince Young completed a 32-yard TD pass to WR Drew Bennett. With the loss, the Titans fell to 2–6.
Week 10: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
"at LP Field, Nashville, Tennessee"
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Jaguars, the Titans went home for a Week 10 fight, as QB Vince Young went up against his predecessor (Steve McNair) and the Baltimore Ravens. In the first quarter, the Titans scored first on a 21-yard field goal by kicker Rob Bironas. Afterward, McNair completed a 65-yard TD pass to WR Mark Clayton to give Baltimore the lead. Afterwards, Young got a 2-yard TD run to give Tennessee the lead, while DE Tony Brown sacked McNair in the end zone for a safety. In the second quarter, the Titans increased its lead with TE Bo Scaife getting a 13-yard TD run and RB Travis Henry getting a 1-yard TD run. However, the Ravens responded with McNair completing a 30-yard TD pass to FB Ovie Mughelli, followed up by kicker Matt Stover's 27-yard field goal. After a scoreless third quarter, Baltimore wrapped things up against Tennessee with Stover getting a 40-yard field goal and McNair completing an 11-yard TD pass to WR Derrick Mason. With the loss, the Titans fell to 2–7.
Week 11: at Philadelphia Eagles.
"at Lincoln Financial Field, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania"
Hoping to end their two-game skid, the Titans flew to Lincoln Financial Field for a Week 11 fight with the Philadelphia Eagles. In the first quarter, the Titans drew first blood as QB Vince Young completed a 14-yard TD pass to TE Ben Troupe. The Eagles responded with kicker David Akers making a 42-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Akers kicked a 38-yard field goal for Philadelphia, while kicker Rob Bironas got a 36-yard field goal for Tennessee as time ran out on the half. In the third quarter, the Titans offense went into overdrive, as RB Travis Henry ran 70-yards for a touchdown, while CB Pacman Jones returned a punt 90 yards for a touchdown. In the fourth quarter, even though QB Jeff Garcia completed a 5-yard touchdown pass to TE L.J. Smith, Tennessee managed to seal the deal with OLB Keith Bulluck returning a fumble 16 yards for a touchdown. With the win, the Titans improved to 3–7.
Week 12: vs New York Giants.
"at LP Field, Nashville, Tennessee"
Trying to build on their road win over the Eagles, the Titans went home for a Week 12 fight with the New York Giants. In the first quarter, Tennessee trailed early as QB Eli Manning completed a 3-yard TD pass to WR Plaxico Burress for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Giants RB Brandon Jacobs got a 10-yard and 4-yard TD run to give the Giants a seemingly comfy 21–0 halftime. After a scoreless third quarter, the Titans' improbable comeback began in the fourth quarter with 10 minutes remaining. QB Vince Young completed a TD pass to TE Bo Scaife. Afterwards, Young followed it up with a 1-yard TD run. The key play of the game came on a 4th and 10 from Tennessee's 24-yard line, when Giants DE Mathias Kiwanuka had Young in his grasp, but he let go thinking the quarterback had thrown the ball. Not wanting a roughing the passer penalty, it allowed Young to dash away for the first down. Four plays later, he completed a 14-yard TD pass to WR Brandon Jones. Afterwards, after Manning got intercepted for the second time by CB Pacman Jones, kicker Rob Bironas nailed a game-winning field goal it from 49 yards out. With the win, the Titans improved to 4–7.
Week 13: vs Indianapolis Colts.
"at LP Field, Nashville, Tennessee"
After scratching off one Manning in one thriller, the Titans stayed at home for an AFC South rematch with their archrival Indianapolis Colts. In the first quarter, the Colts struck first with QB Peyton Manning completing a 68-yard TD pass to WR Marvin Harrison for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Indianapolis increased its lead with RB Dominic Rhodes getting a 2-yard TD run. The Titans started to creep back into the game, with kicker Rob Bironas getting a 25-yard field goal, while QB Vince Young completed a 20-yard TD pass to WR Drew Bennett. After a scoreless third quarter, Tennessee took the lead with Young completing a 9-yard TD pass to WR Brandon Jones. The Colts tied the game with kicker Adam Vinatieri completing a 20-yard field goal. The Titans got the win on Bironas' 60-yard field goal, sealing the victory after lasting out the clock. The win boosted the Titans to an improbable possible playoff berth and ended Indianapolis' winning streak against the Titans at 7 games spanning 4 years. With wins over both Manning brothers, Tennessee improved to 5–7.
Week 14: at Houston Texans.
"at Reliant Stadium, Houston, Texas"
In Week 14, the Titans traveled to Reliant Stadium for an AFC South rematch with the Houston Texans in a homecoming for QB Vince Young. The Titans struck first, notching 6 points on two field goals by kicker Rob Bironas. The Texans scored next, however, when RB Ron Dayne plunged into the endzone from one-yard out for his first TD as a Texan. Dayne found the endzone again in the third quarter on a two-yard run to expand the lead to 8 points. Late in the same quarter, RB Travis Henry added his own rushing score and the Titans pulled to within one. Following a Young interception by CB Demarcus Faggins, kicker Kris Brown connected on a 49-yarder. Tennessee recaptured the lead on Henry's second score, but Brown tied the game with a 46 yarder forcing overtime. The Titans won the coin toss in overtime, and Young ended the game in dramatic fashion with a 39-yard TD run on a 3rd-and-14 early in the extra period. The Titans improved to 6–7 and remained mathematically eligible for a wildcard playoff berth.
Week 15: vs Jacksonville Jaguars.
"at LP Field, Nashville, Tennessee"
Titans got their fifth straight win as they play at home against the Jacksonville Jaguars.
In the first quarter, Pacman Jones intercepted a pass at Tennessee's 17-yard line and returns it 83 yards for a touchdown, bringing the Titans up 7–0. Later, Maurice Jones-Drew runs the ball 12 yards for a touchdown, tying the score 7–7.
In the second quarter, Jaguars kicker Josh Scobee made a 43-yard field goal, putting the Jaguars up 10–7 at halftime.
In the third quarter, the Titans managed to score 17 points and keep the Jaguars scoreless for that quarter. Kicker Rob Bironas made a field goal from 27 yards out. Later, Cortland Finnegan returned a loose ball 92 yards for a touchdown. Later, Chris Hope intercepted the ball and returned it 61 yards for another touchdown. At the end of the third quarter, the Titans were up by 14 points.
In the fourth quarter, WR Matt Jones caught a 3-yard pass from Jaguars quarterback David Garrard. The final score was 24–17, Titans. With the win, the Titans improved to 7–7.
Week 16: at Buffalo Bills.
"at Ralph Wilson Stadium, Buffalo, New York"
The Titans (7–7) faced the Buffalo Bills (7–7) at Ralph Wilson Stadium on December 24, 2006. The Titans won 30–29 to improve to 8–7 and stay alive in the playoff chase, although their chances of making the tournament were slim. It was the first time the Titans had been above .500 in December since 2003 and assured that 2006 was not a losing season.
Week 17: vs. New England Patriots.
"at LP Field, Nashville, Tennessee"
Needing one more win to get into the playoffs, the Titans (8–7) wrapped up the regular season at home against the New England Patriots. In the first quarter, Tennessee scored first with kicker Rob Bironas getting a 25-yard field goal. The Patriots responded when kicker Stephen Gostkowski hit a 28-yard field goal, and then took the lead after RB Corey Dillon scored a 21-yard TD run, though the subsequent extra point attempt failed. New England continued their scoring with Gostkowski's 26-yard field goal and another touchdown from Dillon to go up 19–3. The Titans managed to score before halftime as CB Pacman Jones returned a punt 81 yards for a touchdown. In the third quarter, Tennessee inched closer on Bironas' 27-yard field goal. However, the Patriots extended their lead as QB Tom Brady completed a 62-yard touchdown pass to WR Reche Caldwell. The Titans responded with another 27-yard field goal from Bironas, followed by rookie QB Vince Young running 28 yards for a touchdown to bring the Titans to within three points. However, in the fourth quarter, New England essentially put the game away on RB Laurence Maroney’s one-yard TD run, followed by backup QB Vinny Testaverde completing a 6-yard TD pass to WR Troy Brown, making the final margin 40–23 in the Patriots' favor. With the loss, Tennessee ended their six-game winning streak, finished the season at 8–8, and was eliminated from the playoff race.

</doc>
<doc id="6930175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930175" title="Outdoor sculpture">
Outdoor sculpture



</doc>
<doc id="6930179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930179" title="Fruzhin">
Fruzhin

Fruzhin (; also transliterated "Fružin" or "Frujin"; died ) was a 15th-century Bulgarian noble who fought actively against the Ottoman conquest of the Second Bulgarian Empire. A son of one of the last Bulgarian tsars, Ivan Shishman of the Tarnovo Tsardom, Fruzhin co-organized the so-called Uprising of Konstantin and Fruzhin along with Constantine II of Vidin, the last Bulgarian monarchs. Fruzhin was mainly based in the Kingdom of Hungary, where he was the ruler of Temes County.
Biography.
Neither Fruzhin's birthdate nor his biography prior to the Fall of Tarnovo to the Ottomans in 1393 are known, but from his involvement in the 1404 uprising, the former can be narrowed down to the 1380s, the same decade his parents married, and there's no mention of him having been a bastard. He had a brother, Alexander, who converted to Islam after the Ottoman conquest, adopting the name "Iskender" and becoming governor of Samsun and then Smyrna, where he died in 1418. As the capital Tarnovo was captured by the Ottomans, Fruzhin fled initially to the domains of his uncle Ivan Sratsimir at Vidin, in the Bulgarian northwest. He settled in Hungary under Sigismund I some time after that. Sigismund accepted Fruzhin to his court and recognized his claim to the Bulgarian throne. He stayed in Hungary as a member of the Order of the Dragon with some other famous noblemen like Filipo Skolari, Vlad Dracula and Skenderbeg. 
Ecumenical Patriarch Joseph II of Constantinople may also have been an illegitimate half-brother of Fruzhin's.
Probably in 1404, Fruzhin headed an anti-Ottoman revolt in the Bulgarian lands along with his cousin Constantine II, Ivan Sracimir's son and last reigning Bulgarian monarch at Vidin. Despite conflicting historical details regarding the span and size of the revolt, there are hints that Constantine and Fruzhin managed to restore their rule over at least a part of the Bulgarian lands. However, the uprising was crushed (probably in 1413 or 1418) and Fruzhin returned to Hungary.
In 1425, Fruzhin participated in Hungarian service in a joint Hungarian and Wallachian raid of the cities of Vidin, Oryahovo and Silistra on the Danube along with Dan II and Filipo Scolari. Sigismund rewarded Fruzhin's military service with a noble title, entrusting him with the governance of Temes County and presenting him with a personal domain at Lippa. Fruzhin visited the Republic of Ragusa (Dubrovnik) and the leaders of the Albanian revolt, in 1435 on a secret diplomat mission of Sigismund.
In 1444, he participated in Władysław III of Poland's Crusade of Varna, an attempt to drive the Ottoman Turks away from Bulgaria and Europe. The campaign ended in disaster, as Władysław III died in the Battle of Varna at the Black Sea.
An Ottoman register of 1454/1455 mentions Fruzhin as being active in the area between Svrljig and Pirot, having been granted special permission by the authorities of the Sanjak of Vidin to hire men to secure mountain passes there. It additionally mentions him being accompanied in this by his three sons: Stoyan, Stoyko, and Stanislav. The last son, Stanislav, is identified with the boyar Stanko Kosan who held Lovech against the Ottomans until 1446; if the two are identical, Kosan would represent not a family name but more likely a nickname referring to his hair (; "hair"). Further descendants of Fruzhin are attested living in Hungary until at least the late 16th century, prompting speculation that the pretender Ivan Shishman II may have been a genuine member of the Sratsimir dynasty.
Death.
Fruzhin died in Brașov in 1460.

</doc>
<doc id="6930188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930188" title="Nick Hofs">
Nick Hofs



</doc>
<doc id="6930195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930195" title="Strait Exchange Foundation">
Strait Exchange Foundation



</doc>
<doc id="6930203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930203" title="Fugifilm">
Fugifilm



</doc>
<doc id="6930212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930212" title="Fruzhin of Bulgaria">
Fruzhin of Bulgaria



</doc>
<doc id="6930216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930216" title="Colin Thiele bibliography">
Colin Thiele bibliography

The following is a complete list of books and other writings by Colin Thiele, the prolific Australian children's writer.
Articles and miscellanea.
The articles here are writings with portions, though not the entire work necessarily, attributed to Colin Thiele.

</doc>
<doc id="6930220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930220" title="Eyes Without a Face (Song)">
Eyes Without a Face (Song)



</doc>
<doc id="6930222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930222" title="Damian Hugo Philipp von Schönborn">
Damian Hugo Philipp von Schönborn

Damian Hugo Philipp von Schönborn (19 September 1676 in Mainz – 19 August 1743 in Bruchsal) was Prince-Bishop of Speyer (1719–1743), Bishop of Konstanz (1740–1743) and a cardinal (1713). 
Biography.
Born into an ancient German House of Schönborn, as the third son of Count Melchior Friedrich von Schönborn-Buchheim (1644—1717) and his wife, Baroness Maria Anna Sophia von Boineburg-Lengsfeld (1652—1726). His elder brothers were Johann Philipp Franz von Schönborn, Prince-Bishop of Würzburg and Friedrich Karl von Schönborn, Prince-Bishop of Bamberg. He participated in papal conclaves in 1721, 1724 and 1730. He also attended the 1740 papal conclave.
Death.
Damian Hugo died on 19 August 1743 in Bruchsal, at the age of 75. He was buried in the Kapuzinerkapelle, Saalbachthal until 1755, when his grave was transmitted to Pfarrkirche St.Peter, Bruchsal, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="6930224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930224" title="Branchville, Connecticut">
Branchville, Connecticut

Branchville is a neighborhood of the town of Ridgefield in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States, and is also the name of a Metro North railroad station (Branchville station). Branchville was listed as a census-designated place (CDP) prior to the 2020 census.
Some people consider Branchville a part of Georgetown, an adjoining, non-incorporated community at the intersection of Redding, Ridgefield, Wilton and Weston, noting many residences and businesses there share Georgetown's 544- telephone number exchange. Others disagree, pointing to a community vote in the 1950s not to be served by the Georgetown Post Office, which is closer than the Ridgefield Post Office. The Branchville CDP is only in the town of Ridgefield.
History.
Branchville was named for the Danbury and Norwalk Railroad's “branch” line extending west to Ridgefield village, a four-mile (6.4 km) run on a long incline [Branchville's elevation is while the old village station was about above sea level].
Native Americans had previously referred to the southeast corner of present-day Ridgefield as Wheer Cock. Later it was called Copps Corner, after the Norwalk man who surveyed the town in the early 18th century and was the first town clerk. When workers completed in 1852 the railroad line from Norwalk to Danbury, the neighborhood was at first called Beers Station or Ridgefield Station, after the stop there.
The first recorded use of the term Branchville appears in an 1870 deed for “lying in the town of Ridgefield at Branchville.” It was the same year that the branch line was built, suggesting that the railroad rather than neighborhood residents had invented the name to distinguish the station from the new one at Ridgefield center. Previously, the station at Branchville had been known as Ridgefield Station or Beers Station.
An 1893 atlas labels this territory as “Plattsville,” possibly a mapmaker's error.
While the area had been mostly farmland and a mill or two, the coming of the railroad sparked the development of a booming, albeit small-scale, industrial community. It included mills, stores, a hotel, a machinery factory, and a post office.
In 1876, after A.N. Fillow began extracting mica at Branchville, two Yale University mineralogists noted the presence of previously undiscovered minerals lodged in pegmatite there and furnished funds to expand the operation. Historians say the mine produced between seven and nine minerals until then unknown. Over time, the mine would produce quantities of quartz, feldspar, mica, beryl, spodumene and columbite.
Passenger service on the Ridgefield branch line continued until 1925; freight service lasted until 1964. Most of the track bed, complete with gravel but missing its rails, is today the path of the Eversource Energy high-voltage line and the town's “Rail-Trail,” developed in the 1990s for walkers. Some of the other sections along southern Florida Road have been sold to adjoining landowners.
Education.
Branchville had its own school district at least since the middle 18th century – it was known as the “Ridgefield Station District” before it was called Branchville. Its schoolhouse was used until around fall of 1937 when children started being bused to Garden School on Bailey Avenue in the village.
A new Branchville School opened in 1969 on lower Florida Road, remaining in use until in 1983 when it was closed due to declining enrollments and used as Ridgefield Board of Education offices. In 1994, faced with increasing enrollments, voters agreed to reopen the school.
Weir Farm.
Weir Farm National Historic Site in Ridgefield and Wilton is considered part of Branchville. Administered by the National Park Service, Weir Farm commemorates the life and work of impressionist painter Julian Alden Weir and other artists who stayed at the site, with notable visitors having included Childe Hassam, Albert Pinkham Ryder, John Singer Sargent and John Twachtman. Artist Sperry Andrews would later lead efforts to preserve the Weir Farm site, with the U.S. government designating it a National Historic Site in 1990.
In 1882, Weir acquired a 153-acre farm from Erwin Davis in exchange for $10 and a painting. Weir and artists he hosted subsequently produced a large number of paintings depicting Branchville and surrounding landscapes.
Weir Farm is slated to represent Connecticut on a commemorative quarter to be issued in 2020 by the U.S. Mint.

</doc>
<doc id="6930232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930232" title="Anthony Township">
Anthony Township

Anthony Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6930239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930239" title="Misadventure of Mighty Plumber">
Misadventure of Mighty Plumber



</doc>
<doc id="6930241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930241" title="Roman republican coins">
Roman republican coins



</doc>
<doc id="6930245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930245" title="Branchville Connecticut">
Branchville Connecticut



</doc>
<doc id="6930248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930248" title="Redoubt Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Redoubt Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Redoubt Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC) cemetery containing the remains of allied troops who died during the Battle of Gallipoli in Turkey. It is located near Krithia on the Gallipoli Peninsula.
The cemetery is named after the Redoubt Line, a chain of strongpoints built by the Ottoman forces across the southern end of the peninsula during the battles for Krithia. The cemetery was started by the 2nd Australian Infantry Brigade in May 1915 and continued to be used throughout the campaign until the evacuation in January 1916.
After the war many graves were moved into it from the surrounding area and it was consequently enlarged to its current 2,037 graves. The cemetery also contains an oak tree planted by the parents of Second Lieutenant Eric Duckworth in 1922; he had been killed on 7 August 1915 but his body was never found. This memorial is unique in the peninsula as the only private memorial located within a CWGC cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="6930250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930250" title="Theddy Ongoly">
Theddy Ongoly

Theddy Ongoly (born March 21, 1981, in Sibiti, People's Republic of the Congo) is a Congolese defender who played for Angers SCO in Ligue 2. On loan from Reims in 2006/2007, he had been definitely bought before the 2007/2008 season.

</doc>
<doc id="6930251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930251" title="Johann Philipp Franz von Schönborn">
Johann Philipp Franz von Schönborn

Johann Philipp Franz von Schönborn (1673–1724) was the Prince-Bishop of Würzburg from 1719 to 1724. His principal claim to fame is his commissioning of the Würzburg Residence, a major work of Baroque architecture.
Life.
Johann Philipp Franz von Schönborn was born in Würzburg on 15 February 1673, the oldest son of (1644-1717, see List of rulers of Schönborn) and his wife, Maria Anna Sophia (or Sophie) von Boineburg (1652–1726). His uncle was Lothar Franz von Schönborn, Archbishop-Elector of Mainz from 1694 to 1729. 
As the oldest son, Johann Philipp Franz was slated for an ecclesiastical career from an early age. He was educated at the Jesuit school at Aschaffenburg, starting in 1681. He became a "Domizellar" canon of Würzburg Cathedral in 1682. He then studied, alongside his younger brother Friedrich Karl at the University of Würzburg, the University of Mainz, and in Rome (Collegium Germanicum), completing his studies in 1693. He was admitted to the cathedral chapter of Mainz in 1687, Bamberg in 1694 and Würzburg Cathedral in 1699. He was also named "Probst" of Frankfurt Cathedral in 1699. By the time he became "Dompropst" at Würzburg (1704) and Mainz (1714), he had already served his uncle in several diplomatic missions and had been his local representative at Erfurt.
He was elected unanimously as Prince-Bishop of Würzburg on 18 September 1719. He was an active but unconventional prince. He issued a wave of decrees and left a particular imprint on the town of Würzburg. Afraid of war, he continued construction of the new town defences and of a border fortress at Königshofen irrespective of the financial resources of the local population. 
Artistically gifted, he recognized the talent of Balthasar Neumann whom he tasked with building a new residence in the town (1720). He also ordered construction of the "Schönbornkapelle" at Würzburg Cathedral. Both of these were only finished under the rule of his brother, Friedrich Karl. Johann Philipp Franz also issued a planning edict that organized construction in Würzburg (1722). He also supported the University of Würzburg, e.g. by endowing a chair in history (1720), and brought Johann Georg von Eckhart to Würzburg as court librarian. However, his at times erratic style of governing and his gruff personal manners antagonized some of his people, including the cathedral chapter. When he had a heart attack in 1724, dying at Löffelstelzen near Bad Mergentheim on 18 August 1724, some in his family assumed he had been poisoned. When the cathedral chapter of Würzburg elected a new bishop in 1724, they rejected Friedrich Karl, due to the unpopularity of his late brother. Christoph Franz von Hutten was elected Bishop of Würzburg instead, and only upon the latter's death in 1729, Friedrich Karl succeeded him as Prince-Bishop of Bamberg. 
Johann Philipp Franz is buried in the "Schönbornkapelle" of Würzburg Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="6930253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930253" title="The World Is Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky">
The World Is Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky



</doc>
<doc id="6930257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930257" title="The Daily Show Episode Guide">
The Daily Show Episode Guide



</doc>
<doc id="6930261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930261" title="Roman republican coinage">
Roman republican coinage



</doc>
<doc id="6930266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930266" title="Baradero Partido">
Baradero Partido

Baradero Partido is a partido of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of 29,562 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Baradero, which is to the north west of Buenos Aires.
The district was founded on July 25, 1615, making it one of the oldest partidos in Buenos Aires Province.

</doc>
<doc id="6930269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930269" title="Caribbean Airlines Limited">
Caribbean Airlines Limited



</doc>
<doc id="6930272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930272" title="PRRI">
PRRI

PRRI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6930275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930275" title="Ruthin Rural District">
Ruthin Rural District

Ruthin was a rural district in the administrative county of Denbighshire from 1894 to 1974. 
The rural district was formed from the area of Ruthin Rural Sanitary District.
The district originally contained nineteen civil parishes:
A County Review Order in 1935 added the parish of Bryneglwys from the abolished Llangollen Rural District. At the same time a new parish of Llandyrnog was formed by the merger of Llandyrnog Rural and Llangwyfan, and Llangynhafal parish absorbed Llanhychan. 
Ruthin Rural District was abolished in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972, becoming part of the district of Glyndŵr, in the new county of Clwyd.
Sources.
Denbighshire Administrative County (Vision of Britain)

</doc>
<doc id="6930277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930277" title="Majestic Prince">
Majestic Prince

Majestic Prince (March 19, 1966 – April 22, 1981) was a Thoroughbred racehorse. One of the leading North American horses of his generation, he won the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes in 1969.
Background.
In September 1967, Majestic Prince was purchased by Calgary, Alberta, oilman Frank McMahon at the Keeneland yearling sale for a then-record price of $250,000 ($ million inflation adjusted). The California-based colt, that grew to 1,120 pounds, was trained by another Albertan, Johnny Longden, a longtime friend of McMahon, who had retired in 1966 as the winningest jockey of all time.
Racing career.
Early races.
Raced lightly as a two-year-old, Majestic Prince won both of his starts in his 1968 fall campaign. Ridden by Bill Hartack, at age three, he quickly became the dominant three-year-old in West Coast racing, capping it off with an eight-length victory in the Santa Anita Derby. Unbeaten, Majestic Prince headed for Louisville and the Kentucky Derby.
Kentucky Derby.
The 1969 Derby had a very strong field that deterred entries, and as such, only eight horses went to the starting gate. Majestic Prince was the betting favorite, followed by Top Knight, winner of the 1968 Eclipse Award for Outstanding Two-Year-Old Male Horse. The third favorite was the highly regarded Claiborne Farm colt Dike, and Paul Mellon's Arts and Letters was the fourth choice. The remaining four horses entered were all at very long odds.
Majestic Prince drew the last post position. Arts and Letters, racing along the rail, took the lead by the time they reached the mile pole and were about to head for the stretch run. Majestic Prince ran the entire race on the outside, but pulled up alongside Arts and Letters into second place as they came down the homestretch, then moved ahead to win by a neck. The victory made Majestic Prince the first unbeaten Kentucky Derby champion in 47 years. Johnny Longden became the only person in history to ever win the Derby both as a jockey and as a trainer, a feat that as of 2019 has not been matched.
Preakness Stakes.
The heavy favorite going into the second leg of the U.S. Triple Crown, Majestic Prince again met Arts and Letters, and the two dueled to the finish, with "The Prince", as the media dubbed him, winning his 9th consecutive race by a head. However, the morning after his victory, Longden advised the media that Majestic Prince came out of the race with a problem in his right front tendon. Longden stated the horse would not be able to run his best in the Belmont Stakes, so he was being shipped back to California to be rested until the fall. When asked by a reporter, McMahon said he concurred with Longden's view, adding, "We want a Triple Crown, not a Crippled Crown."
That the horse with the best chance in 21 years to win the Triple Crown was pulling out brought a frenzy of publicity and questions, particularly because Longden had said the injury was a developing problem, but Majestic Prince could still run, although not at his best. The idea that someone in those circumstances would pass up the chance to achieve American racing immortality seemed incomprehensible.
Belmont Stakes.
To this day, speculation abounds as to why McMahon changed his mind and raced Majestic Prince in the Belmont, but the pressure from the press was intense, including Whitney Tower's article in "Sports Illustrated" entitled "The Prince Ducks the Big One". The decision to run never sat well with Longden, and despite his well-documented shouting match with the horse's owner in the days leading up to the race, Majestic Prince was still sent out to compete in the Belmont Stakes. The first horse in history to enter the race undefeated, having won the Derby and the Preakness, finished second, beaten by Arts and Letters by 5½ lengths. Majestic Prince never raced again. This feat was later matched by Smarty Jones in 2004.
Jockey Bill Hartack told reporters, "The horse was hurting. We should never have run in [the Belmont]." Longden later commented that Majestic Prince had what was called a check ligament in his right front [leg]. "When he bore out in the Preakness, that was a warning. We never should have run him in the Belmont." Longden said that he tried to bring Majestic Prince back to racing later in 1969 and then again the following year, but could not, and the horse was sold to a racing syndication for $1.8 million. Retired to Spendthrift Farm in Lexington, Kentucky, Majestic Prince sired 33 stakes winners before he died of a heart attack in 1981. Among his progeny was Coastal, winner of the 1979 Belmont Stakes.
Honors.
In 1988, Majestic Prince was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame. In the 2000 "Blood-Horse" ranking of the top 100 U.S. Thoroughbred champions of the 20th century, he was ranked #46.

</doc>
<doc id="6930278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930278" title="Origin of love">
Origin of love



</doc>
<doc id="6930283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930283" title="Why Don't You Do Right">
Why Don't You Do Right



</doc>
<doc id="6930288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930288" title="Branchville connecticut">
Branchville connecticut



</doc>
<doc id="6930298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930298" title="2006 Baltimore Ravens season">
2006 Baltimore Ravens season

The 2006 season was the Baltimore Ravens' 11th in the National Football League (NFL), their 8th under head coach Brian Billick, and their 5th season under general manager Ozzie Newsome. 
The team improved on their 6–10 record from 2005 to a 13-3 record and marks their greatest-single season turnaround for the team. The Ravens, for the first time in franchise history, started 4–0. The Ravens ended the regular season with a then-franchise record thirteen wins (that stood until a fourteen-win season in 2019). The Ravens clinched the AFC North title and a 1st-round playoff bye, their first playoff berth since 2003. However, their season came to an end, with a 15–6 upset loss to the eventual Super Bowl XLI champions Indianapolis Colts in the divisional round.
Offseason.
In the 2006 offseason, the Baltimore Ravens were in negotiations to try to obtain veteran quarterback Steve McNair from the Tennessee Titans. On Sunday, April 30, 2006, the Titans allowed McNair to speak with the Ravens and on May 1, 2006, the Baltimore Sun stated that the Baltimore Ravens had been waiting for McNair to be released by the Titans since it was the free agency period. The deal was completed in June 2006.
McNair and the Ravens agreed to an $11 million signing bonus on May 5, 2006.
On June 7, 2006, the Ravens and Titans agreed to trade a 4th round pick in the 2007 draft for McNair, pending a physical.
Steve McNair brought a calm leadership presence to the quarterback role that had been absent from the franchise since its inception. The critical issue in the 2006 season remained whether McNair would hearken back to his Pro Bowl performance days or whether the cumulative effect of injuries would continue to hamper his performance.
During the 2006 NFL draft the Ravens acquired future star defensive tackle Haloti Ngata as well as safety Dawan Landry and punter Sam Koch.
During free agency, the Ravens also picked up former Denver Broncos RB Mike Anderson, who in 2005 posted a 1,000-yard plus season. He was expected to back up Jamal Lewis and to be insurance if Lewis posted stats similar to 2005. The Ravens also acquired DE Trevor Pryce of the Denver Broncos who would prove a strong addition the Ravens defensive line, which had some pressuring problems the previous season.
The Ravens also changed flagship radio stations, from WQSR "Jack FM" to WBAL 1090AM and WIYY "98 Rock." The announcing team was not retained; Scott Garceau now co-hosts an "uncensored" pro football discussion program, with former Baltimore Colt Tom Matte, simulcast on WHFS "Free FM" and WJZ, ESPN Radio 1300AM.
Schedule.
Regular season.
Apart from their AFC North division games, the Ravens played against the AFC West and NFC South according to the conference rotation, and played the Titans and Bills based on 2005 divisional positions.
Game summaries.
Regular season.
Week 1: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
"at Raymond James Stadium, Tampa, Florida" &lt;br&gt;
TV Time: CBS 1:00 pm eastern
The Ravens opened the regular season on the road against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on September 10. In QB Steve McNair’s inaugural start as a Raven, the team gave a dominating performance. RB Jamal Lewis got the team's first points as he ran into the endzone on a four-yard touchdown strike in the first quarter. Then, in the second quarter, CB Chris McAlister intercepted a pass from Tampa Bay QB Chris Simms and ran 60 yards for another touchdown. Rookie Haloti Ngata recorded his first career interception and also returned for 60 yards to set up kicker Matt Stover with a 20-yard field goal to put the Ravens up 17–0 at halftime. Baltimore continued to suppress Tampa Bay in the second half, as Stover kicked a 42-yard field goal in the third quarter to put Baltimore up 20–0. In the fourth quarter, McNair put the game away with a 4-yard pass to TE Daniel Wilcox. While the Ravens offense had a very good start to the 2006 season, the defense also showed much promise, as they forced Simms into throwing three interceptions and limited star RB Carnell "Cadillac" Williams to just 22 yards on eight carries. For his efforts in this game Ray Lewis was named NFL Defensive Player of the Week after recording 10 tackles and a sack. With the win, the Ravens were 1–0 and 1–0 against NFC Opponents.
Week 2: vs. Oakland Raiders.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland" &lt;br&gt;
TV Time: CBS 1:00 pm eastern
The Ravens opened Week 2 with a home-opener against the visiting Oakland Raiders. From the get-go, the Ravens dominated the game. The Ravens forced two fumbles by Oakland QB Aaron Brooks in the first quarter which led to two of Baltimore kicker's Matt Stover three field goals (25, 33, and 37-yarders). The Raiders would get on the board in the second quarter with a 34-yard field goal by opposing Sebastian Janikowski, but Baltimore would respond with QB Steve McNair completing a 1-yard touchdown pass to TE Todd Heap. In the third quarter, the only score of the period would be LB Adalius Thomas sacking QB Andrew Walter in the end zone for a safety. In the fourth quarter, Stover increased the Ravens' lead with a 23-yard field goal. Even though Oakland would get three points on Janikowski's 51-yard FG, Baltimore RB Mike Anderson put the game away on a 34-yard TD run. With another win, the Ravens advanced to 2–0.
Week 3: at Cleveland Browns.
"at Cleveland Browns Stadium, Cleveland, Ohio" &lt;br&gt;
TV Time: CBS 4:05 pm eastern
The Ravens traveled to Cleveland, Ohio for an AFC North match-up with the Cleveland Browns. The Ravens struck first with kicker Matt Stover getting a 32-yard field goal. However, in the second quarter, their small lead was wiped out, as WR Braylon Edwards caught a 58-yard TD pass and QB Charlie Frye got a one-yard TD run. In the third quarter, both sides stiffened their defenses and prevented each other from scoring. In the fourth quarter, down by 2 points, McNair drove down the field to set Stover up for a 52-yard field goal. With 0:29 left in the 4th quarter the field goal provided the winning points. Steve McNair passed for 264 yards. He threw no interceptions and completed 23 passes out of 41. Jamal Lewis rushed for 86 yards. The leading receiver was Derrick Mason with 7 completions for 132 yards. The defense sacked Brown's quarterback Charlie Frye seven times. The defense also had one forced fumble and an interception. With their third straight win, the Ravens advanced to 3–0.
Week 4: vs. San Diego Chargers.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland" &lt;br&gt;
TV Time: CBS 1:00 pm eastern
The Chargers visited Baltimore for the first time since 2000. The Chargers led down the field first with a 31-yard touchdown pass to WR Malcom Floyd. However, this was followed two drives later by an interception by OLB Bart Scott (who was named September's Defensive Player of the Month recently before the game), which led to a 5-yard touchdown pass from QB Steve McNair to TE Daniel Wilcox. In the second quarter, 2 Chargers field goals from kicker Nate Kaeding put San Diego in the lead at the half. In the third quarter, the Ravens' defense held the Chargers to no points. They were assisted by a loud stadium, which led to a fourth quarter intentional safety by Chargers punter Mike Scifres. The Ravens took the ball at the 40-yard line with 3:12 to go. After Derrick Mason dropped a possible touchdown pass early in the drive, a 10-yard pass to TE Todd Heap won the game with 30 seconds to play. On the touchdown catch, Heap broke a tackle from Shawne Merriman. With the win, the Ravens were 4–0 for the first time in their 11-year history. However, Guard Edwin Mulitalo was injured for the entire season with a triceps injury.
Week 5: at Denver Broncos.
"at Invesco Field at Mile High, Denver, Colorado" &lt;br&gt;
TV Time: ESPN 8:30 pm eastern
The Ravens suffered their first loss of the season as they were beaten 13–3 by the Denver Broncos. In a defensive struggle most of the game, Steve McNair was intercepted three times and Jamal Lewis was held to 43 yards rushing.
The Ravens got on the board first when Matt Stover kicked a 24-yard field goal, following a fumble by Broncos RB Tatum Bell. The Broncos responded with a 43-yard field goal of their own by Jason Elam. The Ravens drove deep into Broncos territory late at the end of the first half, but that drive was thwarted as Steve McNair was intercepted by Champ Bailey in the end zone on a pass intended for Clarence Moore. The third quarter saw no points scored by either team as the defensive struggle continued. The Broncos controlled the clock in the second half with the running game led by Tatum Bell, who atoned for his fumble in the first quarter, by bouncing back with 92 yards rushing. Ravens QB McNair was intercepted again by Darrent Williams, which led to a Jake Plummer to Rod Smith touchdown pass. McNair was intercepted a third time, ending the Ravens' final drive, this time by Domonique Foxworth. With their first loss, the Ravens dropped to 4–1.
Week 6: vs. Carolina Panthers.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland"
The Ravens lost their second straight game in a contest with the Carolina Panthers.
The Panthers got on the board first with a 21-yard field goal by kicker John Kasay. Ravens quarterback Steve McNair was knocked out in the first quarter with a concussion, and backup Kyle Boller took over, connecting on a touchdown pass with Mark Clayton, on a pass intended for Derrick Mason that was tipped to Clayton. The Panthers responded when Drew Carter caught a 42-yard touchdown pass from Jake Delhomme, and Kasay kicked another field goal, this time from 31 yards. The Panthers went into halftime with a 13–7 lead.
The third quarter was scoreless, and midway through the fourth quarter, Panthers kicker Kasay kicked his third field goal of the day from 21 yards out. Ravens wide receiver Clayton caught his second touchdown pass from Boller, again on a tipped pass, bringing the score to 16–14 Carolina. Panthers quarterback Delhomme continued his career day, this time throwing a 72-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Steve Smith. Delhomme threw for a career-high 365 yards. Ravens tight end Todd Heap caught a 7-yard pass from Boller in the final minutes, but it wasn't enough as the Panthers extended their current winning streak to four games. The loss dropped the Ravens to 4–2, and 1–1 against NFC Opponents.
Week 7: Bye week.
On Tuesday, October 17, 2006, it was reported that Ravens head coach Brian Billick fired offensive coordinator Jim Fassel and that he had taken over Fassel's job of offensive coordinator. Also with the Bengals’ loss this week the Ravens were also able to take the lead of the AFC North.
Week 8: at New Orleans Saints.
"at the Louisiana Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana"
In Steve McNair's return from a strained neck and concussion last week, he dominated while running for one touchdown and threw for 2. The Baltimore Ravens snapped a 2-game losing streak with this 35–22 win October 29, 2006. The Ravens defense was excellent as well. They had four interceptions, two for touchdowns by Ronnie Prude and Dawan Landry, and a fumble recovery. Bart Scott knocked Reggie Bush out of the game with an ankle injury in the fourth quarter.
This was the first game the New Orleans Saints have lost in the Louisiana Superdome since the stadium reopened for the 2006 season.
First quarter consisted of a five-yard quarterback draw by Steve McNair which made the score 7–0. Early in the second quarter, Clarence Moore caught a short four-yard pass in the endzone to make it 14–0. About 6 minutes later, Ronnie Prude intercepted Drew Brees for a 12-yard interception return. Later on, Drew Brees passed to Joe Horn for a 32-yard touchdown pass to make it 21–7. Late in the second quarter tight end Todd Heap was passed a ball that was another Baltimore touchdown to make it 28–7 at halftime.
In the third quarter Dawan Landry intercepted Drew Brees for 12 yards for another Baltimore score to make it 35–7 Baltimore. In the fourth quarter, Drew Brees passed to Marques Colston for a 47-yard touchdown to make it 35–14. Then Drew Brees passed to Marques Colston for a 25-yard touchdown catch. A 2-point conversion was made to make it 35–22. New Orleans went for an onside kick but it failed so the Baltimore Ravens won by the score of 35–22. With the win, the Ravens advanced to 5–2 and 2–1 against NFC Opponents.
Jamal Lewis ran for 109 yards on 31 attempts. Steve McNair ran for 23 yards on 5 carries and completed 17 passes out of 23 for 159 yards.
Week 9: vs. Cincinnati Bengals.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland"
Riding high from their road win over the Saints, the Ravens returned home for an AFC North showdown with the Cincinnati Bengals. In the first quarter, RB Jamal Lewis got a touchdown on a 2-yard run. Afterwards, the defense did some stepping up, as CB Samari Rolle got an interception at the Bengals 49-yard line. He ran 24 yards and then lateraled the ball to Free Safety Ed Reed who returned it the remaining 25 yards for a touchdown. In the second quarter, kicker Matt Stover kicked a 43-yard field goal to give Baltimore a dominating lead. The Bengals would finally score, as QB Carson Palmer completed a 26-yard TD pass to WR T. J. Houshmandzadeh. In the third quarter, Stover helped the Ravens increase their lead with two more field goals (a 25-yarder and a 36-yarder). Cincinnati would have kicker Shayne Graham nail a 51-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Bengals drew closer, as RB Rudi Johnson got a 4-yard TD run. Stover would give Baltimore one more field goal, which came from 35 yards out. Even though Cincinnati would get a 31-yard field goal from Graham, the Ravens held on to win and improve to 6–2.
Week 10: at Tennessee Titans.
"at LP Field, Nashville, Tennessee"
For this road game of former AFC Central rivals, QB Steve McNair would go up against his successor and his former team, QB Vince Young and the Tennessee Titans. In the first quarter, the Titans struck first with kicker Rob Bironas nailing a 21-yard field goal. The Ravens would respond with McNair completing a 65-yard TD pass to WR Mark Clayton. However, Tennessee started showing signs of an upset, as Young got a 2-yard TD run, while DE Tony Brown got to McNair in the endzone for a safety. In the second quarter, the Titans continued their dominance with TE Bo Scaife getting a 13-yard TD run and RB Travis Henry getting a 1-yard TD. Afterwards, Baltimore responded with McNair completing a 30-yard TD pass to FB Ovie Mughelli, along with kicker Matt Stover ending the half with a 27-yard field goal. After a scoreless third quarter, Stover completed a 40-yard field goal and McNair completed an 11-yard TD pass to WR Derrick Mason to take the lead. The Ravens ended any chance of a Titans upset by blocking a game-winning field goal attempt as time expired. With the win, they improved to 7–2.
Week 11: vs. Atlanta Falcons.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland"
Kicker Matt Stover lost his consecutive field goals-made streak, yet the Ravens were able to beat the visiting Atlanta Falcons 24–10. Using the kick/punt returns by returner B.J. Sams, the Ravens rallied in the second half to win. After being scoreless in the first half, RB Jamal Lewis finished with a 91-yard, 3-TD performance, ending his 35-game multi-TD drought. QB Steve McNair completed 24 out of 34 passes for 236 yards. The leading receiver was Mark Clayton, who had 5 receptions for 89 yards. With the win, the Ravens improved to 8–2.
Week 12: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland"
The Ravens collected their second shutout of the season against the Steelers. The defense set a new team record by collecting 9 sacks against the strong Pittsburgh Steelers offense. Todd Heap and Steve McNair hooked up to score the first touchdown of the game in the 1st quarter. Jamal Lewis rushed for the second touchdown in the second quarter. Adalius Thomas returned a fumble by Pittsburgh quarterback Ben Roethlisberger for a touchdown in the 3rd quarter. The 27-point margin of victory was the Ravens’ largest against the Steelers to this point (since surpassed on September 11, 2011, when the Ravens won 35–7), and the second shutout recorded against the Steelers this season. After being sidelined for 2 games, Ray Lewis returned to the lineup and recorded one of the 9 sacks. With the win, the Ravens improved to 9–2.
Week 13: at Cincinnati Bengals.
"at Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati"
Coming off of their dominant home win over the Steelers, the Ravens flew to Paul Brown Stadium for an AFC North rematch with the Cincinnati Bengals, trying to win the division and a playoff berth on this Thursday Night fight. After a scoreless first quarter, the Ravens trailed early as Bengals kicker Shayne Graham kicked a 23-yard and a 27-yard field goal. In the third quarter, things went from bad to worse for Baltimore as QB Carson Palmer completed a 40-yard flea-flicker TD pass to WR T. J. Houshmandzadeh for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, the Ravens valiantly tried to fight back, as QB Steve McNair completed a 36-yard TD pass to WR Derrick Mason. However, a failed onside kick spelled Baltimore's doom. With the loss, the Ravens fell to 9–3.
Week 14: at Kansas City Chiefs.
"at Arrowhead Stadium, Kansas City, Missouri"
After a Thursday night loss at Cincinnati, the Ravens got an extra 3 days of rest before they traveled to Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, beating the Chiefs 20–10. This was Kansas City's first loss at home in December since the 1996 season when they fell victim to the Colts. Ravens quarterback Steve McNair threw for 283 yards and an 89-yard touchdown pass to receiver WR Mark Clayton, McNair's longest career touchdown pass. Other Baltimore scores included a 1-yard touchdown run by RB Jamal Lewis and two Matt Stover field goals. Chiefs quarterback Trent Green threw two interceptions, both to Baltimore safety Ed Reed, and one touchdown pass to Dante Hall. LB Terrell Suggs also forced a fumble, the 16th of his career making him the Ravens all-time leader in that stat. With this game, the Ravens improved to 10–3, sharing the second best record in the NFL, one game behind the San Diego Chargers. This would be the Ravens' first win against the Chiefs in franchise history.
Week 15: vs. Cleveland Browns.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland"
The Ravens beat Cleveland 27–17 in an AFC North Division match up. Baltimore's quarterback, Steve McNair, sustained an injury on his right throwing hand, and backup Kyle Boller came off the bench in the first quarter. Boller showed flashes of excellence at times, throwing two vital touchdown passes and setting up a Matt Stover field goal. Jamal Lewis also had a rushing touchdown. The Baltimore Ravens improved to an 11–3 record, clinching their first playoff appearance since the 2003 season. In addition, with a Cincinnati loss on Monday Night Football, the Ravens clinched the AFC North Division Title.
Week 16: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers.
"at Heinz Field, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania"
The Ravens beat the Pittsburgh Steelers 31–7 for the second time this season. and improved to a 12–3 record, moving up to the #2 AFC playoff seed with a Colts loss during Week 16 against the Texans. The Ravens defense held Pittsburgh RB Willie Parker to just thirty yards rushing and sacked Ben Roethlisberger five times. On offense Steve McNair threw three TD passes and was 21/31 for 256 yards with 2 interceptions. RB Jamal Lewis added 77 yards and a touchdown, and Matt Stover delivered a 26-yd field goal. This was the Ravens first win at Heinz Field since 2001. It was also the first time the Baltimore Ravens swept the season series against the Steelers in franchise history. The Ravens also tied their franchise record for wins in a season at 12 while improving to 12–3. They had last won 12 games during the 2000 season, after which they went on to win Super Bowl XXXV in Tampa.
Week 17: vs. Buffalo Bills.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland"
The Ravens beat the Buffalo Bills to end the season with a 13–3 record, clinch the #2 AFC playoff seed and clinch the first-round bye. Matt Stover kicked a 26-yard FG in the 1st quarter, a 37-yard FG in the 2nd quarter, and a 39-yard FG in the 3rd quarter. The Ravens almost shut out Buffalo, but Lee Evans caught a 44-yard TD pass from J. P. Losman midway through the 3rd quarter. The Ravens came back by recording an interception and a 31-yard interception return and TD by Chris McAlister. The Ravens ended the game in the 4th quarter by a 28-yard FG by Matt Stover.
Postseason.
AFC Divisional Playoffs: vs. Indianapolis Colts.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland"
Coming off their bye week, the second-seeded Ravens began their playoff hunt at home against the third-seeded Indianapolis Colts. In the first quarter, Baltimore trailed early with kicker Adam Vinatieri getting a 23-yard and a 42-yard field goal. In the second quarter, the Ravens managed to score as kicker Matt Stover nailed a 40-yard field goal, yet Vinatieri would respond with a 51-yard field goal. In the third quarter, the Colts improved on its small lead with Vinatieri getting a 48-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Baltimore would manage to get a 51-yard field goal, yet Vinatieri helped the Colts get the win with a 35-yard field goal.
QB Steve McNair was 18 of 29 for 173 yards with no touchdowns and two interceptions. Overall, the Ravens lost four turnovers during the game.
With the loss, Baltimore ended its season with an overall record of 13–4.

</doc>
<doc id="6930301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930301" title="Fulldome video">
Fulldome video



</doc>
<doc id="6930313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930313" title="Campana Partido">
Campana Partido

Campana Partido (Spanish: Partido de Campana) is a partido in the north-east of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of around 84,000 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Campana, which is from Buenos Aires.
Economy.
The economy of Campana went through significant decline in the late 20th century, but the town and its partido are going through an economic and cultural resurgence, which is reflected by its recent growth in population.
Sports.
Campana is home to Club Villa Dálmine, a football club that currently plays in Argentina's regionalised 2nd division, and to Puerto Nuevo, an older club that plays in 5th division.

</doc>
<doc id="6930316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930316" title="Anzonico">
Anzonico

Anzonico is a former municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, it was incorporated into the municipality of Faido along with the former municipalities of Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco.
History.
Anzonico is first mentioned in 1226 as "Ançonego". By 1229 it was listed a "Degagna" or associated farms to the greater Giornico area. It belonged to the parish of Giornico until the creation of a separate parish in 1602. The parish church of St. John the Baptist was first mentioned in 1404. The church, like most of the town was destroyed on 19 January 1667 by an avalanche. It was rebuilt in 1670 in a sheltered location. The population lived mostly through agriculture and livestock (sheep), though many temporarily emigrated for work. On the sun-drenched slopes of the mountains, the community's vineyards are found everywhere below in elevation. Starting in 1850, the population began to drop drastically. Many "Rustici" or traditional houses have been converted into apartments.
Geography.
Anzonico has an area, , of . Of this area, or 3.7% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 67.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 3.7% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.4% is either rivers or lakes and or 16.7% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.0% and transportation infrastructure made up 2.4%. Out of the forested land, 63.1% of the total land area is heavily forested and 4.3% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 2.5% is used for growing crops. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 12.3% is unproductive vegetation and 4.3% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Leventina district, near the Biaschina Loops of the Gotthard railway on the left side of the valley.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure three chevrons Argent and in a chief of the last a mullet of eight Gules."
Demographics.
Anzonico has a population () of . , 19.8% of the population are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -10.3%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian(83.7%), with Portuguese being second most common ( 5.1%) and German being third ( 5.1%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 5 speak German, 3 people speak French, 82 people speak Italian. The remainder (8 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 46.2% male and 53.8% female. The population was made up of 38 Swiss men (35.8% of the population), and 11 (10.4%) non-Swiss men. There were 48 Swiss women (45.3%), and 9 (8.5%) non-Swiss women. In there was 1 live birth to Swiss citizens and in same time span there was 1 death of Swiss citizens. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was an increase of 1 and the non-Swiss population remained constant. This represents a population growth rate of 1.0%.
The age distribution, , in Anzonico is; 7 children or 6.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 0 teenagers between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 5 people or 4.7% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 12 people or 11.3% are between 30 and 39, 6 people or 5.7% are between 40 and 49, and 17 people or 16.0% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 23 people or 21.7% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 21 people or 19.8% are between 70 and 79, there are 15 people or 14.2% who are over 80.
 the average number of residents per living room was 0.49 which is fewer people per room than the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 62.5% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 48 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2 persons per household. there were 188 single family homes (or 94.5% of the total) out of a total of 199 inhabited buildings. There were 5 two family buildings (2.5%) and 5 multi-family buildings (2.5%). There were also 1 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 214 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 3 room apartment of which there were 69. There were 16 single room apartments and 43 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 48 apartments (22.4% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 164 apartments (76.6%) were seasonally occupied and 2 apartments (0.9%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 9.5 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Sights.
The entire villaggio of Anzonico is designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 37.26% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (33.15%), the SP (20.55%) and the Ticino League (7.12%). In the federal election, a total of 47 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 55.3%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 86 registered voters in Anzonico, of which 64 or 74.4% voted. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 22 or 34.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 18 or 28.1%), the PS (with 13 or 20.3%) and the SSI (with 6 or 9.4%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 63 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 21 or 33.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD (with 19 or 30.2%), the PS (with 12 or 19.0%) and the SSI (with 7 or 11.1%).
Economy.
, Anzonico had an unemployment rate of 1.42%. , there were 16 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 6 businesses involved in this sector. 4 people were employed in the secondary sector and there was 1 business in this sector. 6 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 4 businesses in this sector. There were 40 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 45.0% of the workforce.
, there were no workers who commuted into the municipality and 25 workers who commuted away. Of the working population, 15% used public transportation to get to work, and 50% used a private car. , there were 2 hotels in Anzonico.
Religion.
From the , 82 or 83.7% were Roman Catholic, while 4 or 4.1% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 9 individuals (or about 9.18% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 3 individuals (or about 3.06% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Anzonico about 55.4% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Anzonico there were a total of 5 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Anzonico there were no children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 1 student attended the standard primary school and no students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were no students in the lower secondary program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 0 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 2 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 2 students in the professional program.
, 7 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6930321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930321" title="Robocop vs. terminator">
Robocop vs. terminator



</doc>
<doc id="6930323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930323" title="Hannah Twynnoy">
Hannah Twynnoy

Hannah Twynnoy (c. 1669/70 – October 1703) is believed to have been the first person to have been killed by a tiger in England. Twynnoy was an early 18th-century barmaid working in The White Lion public house in the centre of the English market town of Malmesbury in Wiltshire.
Her death is recorded in the Malmesbury parish register, which records a burial on 23 October 1703 of "Hannah Twynney kild by a Tygre at ye White Lyon". Her gravestone survives in a corner of the churchyard of Malmesbury Abbey, with a memorial poem alluding to her death. A memorial plaque with more details was recorded by an antiquarian in the nearby village church at Hullavington, but is now lost.
Gravestone.
Her gravestone records her name and death at the age of 33 on 23 October 1703, with a relatively long, evocative poem which reads:
Plaque recorded in a local history.
Historian John Bowen has found a local history with a more detailed account of the death as, it states, placed on a plaque on the wall of the parish church in Hullavington, a village from Malmesbury. The plaque (see box for wording) that appeared to have been installed soon after her death, in the first years of the 18th century, was recorded in the Victorian period by a local historian and may since have been sold, melted down or stolen.
Oral history.
The common thread of such stories by word of mouth from generation to generation, matches exactly the plaque, almost always with less formal wording, stating that Hannah Twynnoy was a barmaid working at a pub called the White Lion in Malmesbury (8 Gloucester Street, later converted to a private house) in 1703 when a menagerie arrived to set up in the pub's large rear yard. Among the animals there was included a tiger, which Hannah was warned against upsetting. She liked bothering the animal until one day it got tired of it and mauled her. Hannah did not survive.
Unsolved aspects of the death.
Wealth or pity?
Poetic epitaphs on gravestones were popular at the turn of the 18th century, but generally only for the wealthy and celebrated. A gravestone and a plot in the churchyard of Malmesbury Abbey for any woman, who could not have been a priest or a priest's wife, would have been costly, even without engaging the services of a poet. The identity of the patron who paid for her tombstone and plot remains a mystery, although they may have been donated by the church and vestry.
Family.
Her connection with the village of Hullavington, which kept family records at this time, seems anomalous. Her sole connection comes from a later local historian giving the wording and location of a plaque.
Other than her burial, the parish registers and bishop's transcripts for Malmesbury contain no entry, between 1635 and 1700, for anyone named Twynnoy.
Enduring legacy.
In 1993 a new residential road in Malmesbury was named 'Twynnoy Close'.
In 2003, on the 300th anniversary of the death, a ceremony was carried out at the grave when every schoolgirl in the town, younger than 11 and named Hannah, placed a flower on the grave.
Twynnoy was featured in the 'Stupid Deaths' segment of the CBBC programme "Horrible Histories" (Series 4, Episode 6).

</doc>
<doc id="6930330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930330" title="Bedretto">
Bedretto

Bedretto () is a municipality and a village in the Val Bedretto, the upper most part of the river Ticino. It belongs to the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
In 1906, pre-Roman graves and a Roman era villa and coins were discovered in Bedretto. The presumption, that it was originally part of Airolo, could not be confirmed by any available records. Bedretto is first mentioned in 1210 as "Bedoledo" and at that time it was a separate municipality. Already in 1227, when the alpine pastures of Leventina valley were divided among the communities, Bedretto had dependent, surrounding farms and hamlets. Bedretto was the only community that was not given any alpine pastures.
In 1227, Bedretto is also mentioned as a separate parish. The parish church of SS Martiri Maccabei in the settlement of Villa was rebuilt after its destruction by an avalanche in 1594. The existing building dates from the 19th Century.
The hospice in All'Acqua was the starting point to two famous mountain crossings: the Nufenen Pass, which leads to Ulrichen in the Upper Valais, and the "Passo di San Giacomo", which leads to the Italian Formazza valley. The Hospice of Valdolgia or St. Nicholas on the Passo di San Giacomo was a second station in the old mule track. Due to the steep slopes of Bedretto Valley, avalanches often hit the villages. The avalanche in 1863, destroyed half the village and killed 29 people, and the one in 1749 killed 13. In winter, the valley is often cut off and the connection of villages to each other and with Airolo may be interrupted for days. With the construction of avalanche barriers, the situation has improved. The road between Airolo and Bedretto opened in 1924, was extended in 1932 to Ronco then in 1964 extended beyond Nufenen. The valley is also today still fairly isolated and without a constant connection with Valais, since a rail project to connect the valley to the Furka Oberalp Bahn as part of the Furka Base Tunnel project failed. Historically, the scarce resources of the valley (cattle, dairy farming and cultivation of potatoes and rye) were insufficient to feed all of the inhabitants. So they were forced to seasonal migrate abroad (mainly in Italy and France) seeking work as chestnut roasters, waitresses or domestic servants. Since the seasonal migration ceased at the end of World War II, the valley has depopulated more rapidly. The decline of the permanent resident population is offset in the summer months by the return of locals and offset in the winter by the influx of tourists and holiday guests.
Geography.
Bedretto is located in the Bedretto Valley running from the Nufenen Pass via the headwaters of the Ticino river down to Airolo. The municipality consists of the village of Bedretto and the hamlets of Ronco, Villa (site of the municipal administration) and Ossasco, and forms part of the Leventina district.
The municipality has an area, , of . Of this area, or 2.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 11.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 0.9% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.9% is either rivers or lakes and or 55.9% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.2% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.5%. Out of the forested land, 5.8% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.3% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 1.8% is used for growing crops. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 19.1% is unproductive vegetation and 36.8% is too rocky for vegetation.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per pale Vert and Argent two larch trees issuant from the base counterchanged."
Demographics.
Bedretto has a population () of . , 12.2% of the population are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 7.8%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (91.7%), with German being second most common ( 4.2%) and French being third ( 4.2%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 3 speak German, 3 people speak French, 66 people speak Italian. The remainder ( people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 52.2% male and 47.8% female. The population was made up of 26 Swiss men (38.8% of the population), and 9 (13.4%) non-Swiss men. There were 30 Swiss women (44.8%), and 2 (3.0%) non-Swiss women.
In , there were 2 live births to Swiss citizens and there were 3 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 1 while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there was 1 non-Swiss man who emigrated from Switzerland to another country. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was a decrease of 8 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 1 people. This represents a population growth rate of -10.8%.
The age distribution, , in Bedretto is; 4 children or 6.0% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 1 teenager is between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 5 people or 7.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 8 people or 11.9% are between 30 and 39, 11 people or 16.4% are between 40 and 49, and 8 people or 11.9% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 6 people or 9.0% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 9 people or 13.4% are between 70 and 79, there are 15 people or 22.4% who are over 80.
, there were 37 private households in the municipality, and an average of 1.9 persons per household. there were 126 single family homes (or 89.4% of the total) out of a total of 141 inhabited buildings. There were 8 two family buildings (5.7%) and 1 multi-family building (0.7%). There were also 6 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 152 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 48. There were 7 single room apartments and 48 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 37 apartments (24.3% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 115 apartments (75.7%) were seasonally occupied and apartments (0.0%) were empty.
, the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Sights.
The entire villages of Bedretto and Villa are designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election, the most popular party was the CVP which received 50.28% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (19.72%), the Ticino League (13.33%) and the SVP (8.33%). In the federal election, a total of 47 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 57.3%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 83 registered voters in Bedretto, of which 58 or 69.9% voted. 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 57 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 25 or 43.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 13 or 22.8%), the PLRT (with 6 or 10.5%) and the LEGA (with 5 or 8.8%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 57 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 29 or 50.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 10 or 17.5%), the PLRT (with 7 or 12.3%) and the PLRT (with 7 or 12.3%).
Economy.
, Bedretto had an unemployment rate of 0.78%. , there were 5 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 1 business involved in this sector. 10 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 2 businesses in this sector. 12 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 4 businesses in this sector. There were 31 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 54.8% of the workforce.
, there were 4 workers who commuted into the municipality and 16 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 4.0 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 3.2% used public transportation to get to work, and 38.7% used a private car.
, there were 3 hotels in Bedretto with a total of 19 rooms and 45 beds.
Religion.
From the , 65 or 90.3% were Roman Catholic, while 2 or 2.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 2 individuals (or about 2.78% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 3 individuals (or about 4.17% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Bedretto about 61.3% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Bedretto there were a total of 3 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Bedretto there were 0 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, students attended the standard primary schools and 0 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 0 students in the two-year middle school and 0 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 1 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student should be prepared to enter a trade or to continue to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student).
There were 0 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 2 who attend part-time.
, there were 7 students from Bedretto who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6930333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930333" title="Brandsen Partido">
Brandsen Partido

Brandsen is a partido in northeastern Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. In 2001 the city and district had a population of about 22,500 people. It covers an area of . The capital is also known as Brandsen.
History.
Founded on November 21, 1875 it lies about from Buenos Aires. The area was named after Argentine colonel, Federico de Brandsen, who was killed in the battle of Ituzaingó in the Cisplatine War.

</doc>
<doc id="6930336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930336" title="Zarra,Valencia">
Zarra,Valencia



</doc>
<doc id="6930338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930338" title="Longissimus dorsi">
Longissimus dorsi



</doc>
<doc id="6930339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930339" title="Protocols of the Meetings of the Learned Elders of Zion">
Protocols of the Meetings of the Learned Elders of Zion



</doc>
<doc id="6930343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930343" title="Lalbagh">
Lalbagh

Lalbagh, also spelled Lal Bagh is a term in Hindustani and Persian language. Its meanings include "red garden" and "beloved garden".
Lalbagh or Lal Bagh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6930347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930347" title="Johannes Gezelius">
Johannes Gezelius

Johannes Gezelius is the name shared by three Finnish bishops:

</doc>
<doc id="6930353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930353" title="Bishop of Konstanz">
Bishop of Konstanz



</doc>
<doc id="6930358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930358" title="Toni Söderholm">
Toni Söderholm

Toni Kristian Söderholm (born 14 April 1978) is a Finnish ice hockey coach and a retired ice hockey defenceman. He is the head coach of the German men's national team.
Playing career.
A native of Finland's capital Helsinki, Söderholm played in the HIFK youth system in the early and mid-1990s before taking his game to North America. From 1995 to 1997, he attended Trinity College School in Ontario. For the 1997-98 season, he returned to HIFK and headed across the Atlantic again to enroll at the University of Massachusetts. He served as team captain for the Minutemen his senior year (2001–02).
Upon graduation, Söderholm returned to HIFK and received Liiga Rookie of the Year honors in the 2002–03 season. In his second year in the league, Söderholm won the Pekka Rautakallio Award as the Defenceman of the Year. After his third season, in which he served as HIFK captain, he took up an offer from Switzerland and embarked on a two-year stint with SC Bern of the National League A (NLA) in 2005. In 2007, Söderholm signed with Frölunda HC of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL). In the course of the second season with Frölunda, he returned to HIFK. Söderholm won the Finnish championship with HIFK in 2011 and was presented with the Jari Kurri Award as the MVP of the playoffs.
On 7 April 2015, after a total of 10 seasons with HIFK's men's team, Söderholm left for a second time abroad in his professional career to provide a veteran presence with German club EHC München of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL), signing a one-year contract. He won the German championship in his single season with the München team and announced the end of his playing career several weeks later in May 2016.
International play.
Söderholm earned his first caps for Finland's men's national team during the 2002–03 Euro Hockey Tour. In 2004, he competed in his first World Championship with Team Finland and also made the roster for the 2005 and 2007 World Championships, winning silver in 2007.
Coaching career.
In June 2016, a couple of weeks after he ended his playing career, Söderholm was named development coach of EHC München of the German top-flight Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). In May 2017, he took over the head coaching job at SC Riessersee (SCR), München's affiliate in Germany's second-tier league DEL2. He guided SCR to the DEL2 finals in spring 2018, where they lost to Bietigheim. Söderholm earned DEL2 Coach of the Year honors for the 2017–18 season. SCR had to file for insolvency and therefore was relegated to the Oberliga before the start of the 2018–19 campaign. However, Söderholm stayed on the job. On 20 December 2018 Söderholm was named the new head coach of the German men's national team.

</doc>
<doc id="6930365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930365" title="Pinkham's Notch">
Pinkham's Notch



</doc>
<doc id="6930374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930374" title="Dune (card game)">
Dune (card game)

Dune is an out-of-print collectible card game produced by Last Unicorn Games and Five Rings Publishing Group, and later Wizards of the Coast. Set in the "Dune" universe based on the books written by Frank Herbert, the game pits two or more players against each other, each in control of a minor house vying for entry in the Landsraad.
Publishing history.
Originally released in 1997 as "Dune: Eye of the Storm" by a partnership of Five Rings Publishing Group (FRPG) and Last Unicorn Games. The license negotiated with the Herbert Estate and Universal Studios was for intellectual property based on the 1984 film "Dune" directed by David Lynch. By December 1997, the license covered all of the "Dune" novels by Frank Herbert, and the game was based on the first three novels ("Dune", "Dune Messiah", and "Children of Dune").
It was designed by Owen Seyler, and featured painted card art instead of screen captures from the film. The set included 301 cards available in 60-card starter decks and 15-card booster packs. There were six starter decks, one for each of the political factions in the game, half of which were fixed for the deck and the other half randomized.
Although Ally and Homeworld cards were only available in starter boxes, not all Ally cards were included in a given starter (e.g. Piter de Vries, Liscia Theirese), giving rise to the collectable/tradable game element. A small number of promotional cards were also released to people requesting additional information about the game prior to Eye of the Storm's initial release. All of these cards have "Preview" on the left-hand side of the card face.
FRPG intended on releasing expansion sets quarterly. The first one, the 152-card set "Judge of the Change", was released in December 1997. It was sold in 60-card half-fixed starter decks and 15-card booster packs. The set added the factions 'Spice Miners Guild' and 'Water Peddlers Union' and the type 'decrees'.
When Wizards of the Coast purchased Five Rings later that year, "Dune: Eye of the Storm" underwent a major shift. In a program called Rolling Thunder, small expansions of the game, called "Chapters", were released every two months. While intended to keep the pace of collecting exciting, it resulted in high duplicate rates in booster packs and a competitive landscape constantly in flux.
In 1998, Wizards of the Coast released two more complete sets, "Dune: Judge of the Change" (183 cards, covering the arrival of House Atreides on Arrakis) and "Dune: Thunder at Twilight" (178 cards, covering the reclaiming of Arrakis by House Harkonnen), but the challenging gameplay proved too difficult for younger players. This ultimately led to the collapse of the "Dune" CCG.
Two more expansions, "Dune: Second Moon Rising" (the rise of Paul Atreides) and "Dune: Fall of the Padishah" (the defeat of Padishah Emperor Shaddam IV), were planned for release in 1998. However, the game was canceled before they were printed.
Gameplay.
Players take the role of minor houses vying for entry into the Landsraad. They are sponsored in this effort by one of six Great Houses/Factions (House Atreides, Bene Gesserit Sisterhood, House Corrino, the Fremen, House Harkonnen, and the Spacing Guild), and must choose one Homeworld, as well as a number of unique Allies and Holdings to make up their Imperial Deck. Players also have a House Deck containing non-unique cards that represent their Aides, Personnel, Equipment, Plans and Tactics (random Event cards may also be included in the House Deck).
The Judge of the Change expansion introduced three new Factions (the Spice Miner's Guild, the Water Seller's Union, and the Dune Smugglers), and the Thunder at Twilight expansion contained modified House Atreides, House Corrino and House Harkonnen starter sets (reflecting the period in the Dune novel when House Atreides took possession of Arrakis from the Harkonnen). Thunder at Twilight also added the 'program ventures' and 'nexus events' card types.
Each player begins the game with a homeworld and small amount of solaris, the currency of the Imperium. Players compete over Imperial Deck Allies and Holdings through an auction-style mechanic, while House Deck resources are paid for and deployed from a player's hand.
Players attack one another through Intrigue, Battle, Arbitration, and Dueling Rites to gain political standing and wealth. Allies and Aides can only participate in a particular Rite if they have the Talent for it (displayed on their card). When a player uses a deployed Ally or Aide to attack or defend, they must Tap that card and it cannot be used again until the next turn. This may leave the player open to an attack from another player, so it becomes important to have multiple elements of attack and defense deployed at all times. Also, Tactic cards make it possible for one player to interfere with an attack occurring between two other players and influence the outcome without using any of the interfering player's Allies or Aides. Allies and Aides that are defeated in an attack are usually not removed from play but are turned face down, and may be resurrected after a few turns.
The mystical elements of Prophecy and Bene Gesserit Weirding ways can also be utilized to significantly further one's agenda. Victory can be gained once a player's House accumulates 10 or more spice units and 10 or more Favor points.

</doc>
<doc id="6930378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930378" title="Pinkhams notch">
Pinkhams notch



</doc>
<doc id="6930381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930381" title="2006 Tampa Bay Buccaneers season">
2006 Tampa Bay Buccaneers season

The 2006 Tampa Bay Buccaneers season was the franchise's 31st season in the National Football League (NFL), the 9th playing their home games at Raymond James Stadium, and the 5th under head coach Jon Gruden.
The team failed to improve on their 11–5 record in 2005, tumbled to a 4–12 record and missed the playoffs for the third time in four seasons.
Summary.
After winning their division in 2005, the Buccaneers suffered through an abysmal 2006 season. The season was plagued by injuries, with starters such as G Dan Buenning, WR Michael Clayton, RB Carnell Williams, DE Simeon Rice, CB Brian Kelly, and QB Chris Simms all being placed on injured reserve at some point in the season. The season also saw a lot of rookies starting for the Bucs, such as QB Bruce Gradkowski, T Jeremy Trueblood, and G Davin Joseph. The league schedule was also unfriendly to the Bucs, scheduling them for 3 games (two of them away games) within 11 days of each other.
There was more to the lost season than just injuries, as most of the players put on injured reserve had been done so after the team's 0–3 start, and offensive shutouts in the first two games in which no touchdowns were scored by the Buccaneers. The departure of several key defensive coaches and assistants didn't bode well with players, who complained to some in the media of not being able to hear coaches in team meetings.
Inconsistent and unorganized are how some players referred to one of the newcomers, who most players had a hard time making the transition from longtime favorites Rod Marinelli and others. Some believe the problems in 2006 were rooted in recent years mistakes, lack of salary cap room to bring in high impact free agents, lack of top 50 draft picks over the last 5 or 6 years due to trades, and maybe even a failure to properly assess talent resulting in a lack of contribution from second day draft picks in recent history.
The Bucs started off the season 0–3, with QB Chris Simms throwing only 1 touchdown to 7 interceptions. In the third game of the season, a last-minute loss to the Carolina Panthers, Simms's spleen was ruptured, and he was placed on injured reserve for the rest of the season. After their bye week, the Bucs elected to start rookie quarterback Bruce Gradkowski, a 6th-round pick from Toledo.
Gradkowski started off performing decently. People who in hindsight claim the Bucs should have started the more experienced Tim Rattay forget the Bucs nearly upset the New Orleans Saints, and then went on to win two narrow victories: one, against the Cincinnati Bengals, winning on an overturned call resulting in a touchdown; and another against the Philadelphia Eagles, thanks to Matt Bryant’s 62-yard field goal. After these victories, though, Gradkowski’s performance declined. After a 3–17 loss to the New York Giants in heavy winds, the Bucs proceeded to lose 5 of their next 6 games, leading them to a record of 3–10 (0–6 in their division). In the loss to the Atlanta Falcons, Gradkowski was replaced in the 4th quarter by Rattay.
In the first half of the Bucs' next game, against the Chicago Bears, Gradkowski was again replaced by Rattay, who led the team from a 24–3 deficit to a score of 31–31, with three touchdowns in the fourth quarter. However, the Bucs then lost the game in overtime, 34–31. Rattay was then named the new starting quarterback for the last two games for the season. The Bucs finished their season with a 4–12 record, tied for third worst in the NFL. The overall defense was ranked in the low 20s, the first time a Tampa defense was not ranked in the top ten since 1996.
The Bucs sent three players to the 2007 Pro Bowl, cornerback Ronde Barber, tight end/long snapper Dave Moore (A "Need" player according to Saints coach Sean Payton), and late addition outside linebacker Derrick Brooks (as an injury replacement). This would be Brooks's 10th consecutive Pro Bowl and 10th Pro Bowl overall.
It was also the final season for longtime fullback Mike Alstott. Although he was on the roster the following season, he was unable to play due to a preseason neck injury against New England.
Offseason.
In the 2006 NFL draft, the Buccaneers used their first pick on Oklahoma Guard Davin Joseph. They then used their next pick on Boston College OT Jeremy Trueblood. The rest of their picks included Notre Dame WR Maurice Stovall, Penn St. CB Alan Zemaitis, Stanford DE Julian Jenkins, Toledo QB Bruce Gradkowski, North Carolina St. TE T.J. Williams (who was lost for the upcoming season to injury when he tore his right Achilles tendon the week of June 19), Oregon CB Justin Phinisee, Clemson DE Charles Bennett, and Michigan TE Tim Massaquoi.
After a potential season-ending injury to backup quarterback Luke McCown, the Buccaneers signed veteran quarterback Jay Fiedler to back up Chris Simms on June 29. The signing maintains the four-deep status of the backup quarterback position, as Tim Rattay, Jared Allen, and Bruce Gradkowski are still on the roster (as of July 18). Additionally, the team signed two-year veteran tight end Matt Kranchick to replace T.J. Williams, who was lost for the season due to injury, as noted above.
Preseason.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers played four preseason games. The home team is in capital letters. 
Schedule.
In the 2006 regular season, the Bucs’ non-divisional conference opponents were primarily from the NFC East, although they also played the Seattle Seahawks who headed the 2005 NFC West, and the Chicago Bears who had headed the 2005 NFC North. Their non-conference opponents were from the AFC North.
Regular season.
Week 1: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
The Buccaneers opened the regular season at home against the Baltimore Ravens on September 10 by being shutout for the first time since Week 14 of the 2005 season. The game began with the Ravens scoring a touchdown after a clock-killing 80-yard drive, and the Bucs were never able to respond. Bucs QB Chris Simms threw three interceptions and many of his passes were batted down at the line of scrimmage, an issue that was present during the pre-season and would continue to plague Simms in the next two games. In addition, second-year RB Carnell Williams struggled with back spasms and was held to just 22 rushing yards on 8 carries.
Week 2: at Atlanta Falcons.
The Bucs went to the Georgia Dome for a Week 2 contest against their division rival, Atlanta Falcons. Historically, the Buccaneers had been able to effectively contain Falcons' QB Michael Vick, shutting down the Falcons' offense in the process. However, the Bucs' performance here had not improved much from Week 1. The defense was unable to stop the running duo of Vick and RB Warrick Dunn, whose combined performance netted 261 yards, and 306 for Atlanta as a team—a new Falcons team record. Also illustrating their sharp fall in performance from their #1 NFL ranking the previous season, the Bucs' defense also allowed a 1-yard QB TD run by Vick and a 4-yard TD pass to FB Fred McCrary. Bucs QB Chris Simms continued to struggle, throwing another three interceptions, while Carnell Williams was held to just 37 yards on 15 carries. The Bucs' only points came on a chip-shot 22-yard field goal by kicker Matt Bryant.
Week 3: vs. Carolina Panthers.
The Bucs played one of their most heated rivals, the Carolina Panthers, at home. In the first half, it was a rout 20–7 with Bucs QB Chris Simms' first pass intercepted by the Panthers' Chris Gamble. In the second quarter, Tampa Bay finally scored its first touchdown of the season on a short pass from Simms to Joey Galloway, then followed that up in the third quarter with Carnell Williams scoring his first TD run of the season. Later that quarter, Simms led a drive that was wrapped up by a 2-yard bootleg by Simms on a fake to Mike Alstott, but Simms was hit hard on the play, and had to leave the game momentarily to let rookie Bruce Gradkowski take over. Simms returned in the fourth quarter to lead another scoring drive which ended with a long field goal by Matt Bryant. Unfortunately for the Bucs, the Panthers' kicker John Kasay hit his fourth field goal of the day, winning the game for the Panthers with only six seconds to spare. After the game, it was learned that Simms had a ruptured spleen and went into emergency surgery to remove it. Originally diagnosed as bruised ribs, it was only discovered shortly after the game ended. If discovery had been delayed any longer, Simms would have died. The injury cost Simms the rest of the season.
Week 4: Open date.
The Buccaneers bye week was scheduled for week 4.
Week 5: at New Orleans Saints.
Coming off their bye week, the Buccaneers were still looking for their first win of the season. The Bucs traveled to the Louisiana Superdome for their third divisional match-up in a row—this time, against the New Orleans Saints. The Bucs scored first as rookie QB Bruce Gradkowski threw an 18-yard TD pass to WR Joey Galloway in the first quarter; the Saints responded with a 21-yard field goal from kicker John Carney. The Saints continued scoring, with a 24-yard TD run from RB Deuce McAllister in the second quarter, and a 9-yard TD pass to TE Ernie Conwell in the third quarter. The Bucs finally responded with a 1-yard TD run from FB Mike Alstott, and took the lead in the fourth quarter with Gradkowski's 3-yard TD pass to TE Alex Smith. Unfortunately for the Bucs, a special teams breakdown led to Saints RB Reggie Bush getting his inaugural NFL touchdown on a 65-yard punt return, which sealed the win for the Saints.
Week 6: vs. Cincinnati Bengals.
The Bucs were predicted by many as an underdog by several sports commentators to defeat the 3–1 Bengals, and they pulled off an upset win, with Bruce Gradkowski throwing 2 touchdowns, and Cadillac Williams running for 94 yards. With 34 seconds remaining in the 4th quarter, Gradkowkski threw a pass to wide receiver Michael Clayton, who appeared to cross the goal line in a dive, but dropped the football in the end zone. The pass was initially ruled incomplete. The replay official initiated a review, and referee Mike Carey determined that Clayton had possession of the football when he crossed the plain of the goal line. The call was reversed, and the Buccaneers were awarded the touchdown. At the end of regulation, Shayne Graham had a chance to win the game with a 62-yard field goal, but missed it wide right, giving the Bucs their first win of 2006.
Week 7: vs. Philadelphia Eagles.
The Bucs entered week 7 against an Eagles team looking to build upon their 14–13 win over the Bengals. The Bucs defense stepped up big early, particularly Ronde Barber, who returned two Donovan McNabb interceptions for touchdowns. The Bucs however blew a 17-point lead when Brian Westbrook scored on a 52-yard touchdown with 33 seconds left. With two timeouts remaining, the Bucs drove to the Philadelphia 45-yard line with 4 seconds left. Kicker Matt Bryant then converted on an improbable, franchise record 62-yard field goal as time expired to give the Bucs a 23–21 victory. Ironically, the kick was the same distance Bengals' Shayne Graham missed from the previous week. The Bucs improved to 2–4. The kick was one yard short of the NFL record (63 yards) and the second-longest game-winning field goal in NFL history.
With an announced crowd of 65,808 the game stands as the highest-attended regular season Buccaneers game all-time at Raymond James Stadium.
Week 8: at New York Giants.
Hoping to build on their dramatic home win over the Eagles, the Buccaneers flew to Giants Stadium for their Week 8 game with the New York Giants. Bucs CB Ronde Barber would be facing his brother, RB Tiki Barber for the last time in NFL competition as the latter planned to retire after the season. In the first quarter, Tampa Bay fell behind early, as QB Eli Manning completed a 7-yard TD pass to WR Plaxico Burress for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Bucs' woes continued as Giants RB Brandon Jacobs got a 1-yard TD run. Kicker Matt Bryant would get Tampa Bay a 43-yard field goal, but that would all of the points that the Bucs would get, because after a scoreless third quarter, Giants kicker Jay Feely kicked a 31-yard field goal to put the game away. With their loss, the Buccaneers fell to 2–5.
Week 9: vs. New Orleans Saints.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Giants, the Buccaneers went home for an NFC South rematch with the New Orleans Saints. In the first quarter, the Bucs trailed early as Saints QB Drew Brees completed a 15-yard TD pass to WR Marques Colston and a 52-yard TD pass to WR Devery Henderson. In the second quarter, kicker John Carney helped New Orleans improve its lead with a 46-yard field goal. Tampa Bay would valiantly fight back, as QB Bruce Gradkowski completed a 44-yard TD pass and a 17-yard TD pass to WR Joey Galloway, but that would be as close as they would get. In the third quarter, Saints pulled away with RB Deuce McAllister completing a 3-yard TD run and Brees completing a 45-yard TD pass to Henderson. With a scoreless second half, the Bucs would fall to 2–6.
Week 10: at Carolina Panthers.
The Buccaneers travelled to Bank of America Stadium for an NFC South rematch on Monday Night Football with the Carolina Panthers. In the first quarter, QB Bruce Gradkowski completed a 6-yard TD pass to WR Ike Hilliard for the only score of the period and the first half. However, in the third quarter, the Panthers struck back with a vengeance as kicker John Kasay nailed a 28-yard field goal, QB Jake Delhomme completing a 4-yard TD pass to WR Keyshawn Johnson, and FB Brad Hoover contributing a 5-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, even though kicker Matt Bryant would nail 28-yard field goal, Carolina managed to put the game away with Delhomme completing a 36-yard TD pass to WR Steve Smith. With the loss, the Bucs fell to 2–7.
Week 11: vs. Washington Redskins.
Hoping to rebound from their three-game losing streak, the Buccaneers went home for rematch of last season's NFC Wildcard match-up with the Washington Redskins. In the first quarter, the Bucs drew first blood with kicker Matt Bryant nailing a 26-yard field goal, while Redskins kicker Nick Novak got a 45-yard field goal. After a scoreless second quarter, Washington took the lead in the third quarter with QB Jason Campbell completed a 3-yard TD pass to TE Chris Cooley. Tampa Bay would respond with QB Bruce Gradkowski completed a 2-yard TD pass to TE Anthony Becht. In the fourth quarter, the Bucs managed to wrap-up the game with Gradkowski completing a 34-yard TD pass to WR Joey Galloway, while Bryant kicked a 31-yard field goal. Even though the Redskins would get a 4-yard TD pass from Campbell to TE Todd Yoder, the Bucs held on to win and advance to 3–7.
Week 12: at Dallas Cowboys.
Hoping to build on their home win over the Redskins, the Buccaneers flew to Texas Stadium for a Thanksgiving game against the Dallas Cowboys. In the first quarter, the Bucs capped off their opening driver with FB Mike Alstott getting a 1-yard TD run. However, the Cowboys responded with QB Tony Romo getting a 30-yard TD pass to WR Terry Glenn. In the second quarter, Romo and Glenn hooked up with each other again on a 2-yard TD pass. The Bucs could only respond with kicker Matt Bryant getting a 46-yard field goal. Dallas would respond with Romo getting a 1-yard TD pass to RB Marion Barber. In the third quarter, Romo and Barber would hook up with each other again on a 2-yard TD pass, with Romo also hooking up with WR Terrell Owens on a 7-yard TD pass. In the fourth quarter, kicker Mike Vanderjagt would close out the scoring with a 22-yard field goal. With the loss, the Bucs fell to 3–8.
Week 13: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
Bruce Gradkowski’s homecoming was also his worst game of the season. In the first quarter, Ben Roethlisberger threw his only interception early in the game to linebacker Derrick Brooks. Later in the quarter, Gradkowski tossed his first interception to Steeler linebacker Larry Foote. In the final seconds of the first quarter, Roethlisberger threw a short touchdown pass to tight end Jerame Tuman. Later in the second half, Gradkowski tossed another interception in the red zone to Bryant McFadden. Steeler kicker Jeff Reed, kicked a fifty-yard field goal to end the first half. After another interception of Gradkowski in the second half, Roethlisberger completed a touchdown pass in the early fourth quarter. By the two-minute warning, the score was 20–0, in the favor of the Steelers. Tampa Bay kicker Matt Bryant, made sure the Bucs did not get shut out with a 27-yard field goal in the last seconds of regulation.
Week 14: vs. Atlanta Falcons.
Trying to snap a two-game losing skid, the Buccaneers went home for an NFC South rematch with the Atlanta Falcons. In the first half, the Bucs jumped out to an early lead as kicker Matt Bryant got a 42-yard field goal in the first quarter, while nailing a 24-yard field goal in the second quarter. However, for the rest of the game, it was all Atlanta. In the third quarter, the Falcons took the lead with OLB Demorrio Williams returning a fumble 54 yards for a touchdown, while FB Justin Griffith got a 21-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, Atlanta wrapped up their season sweep over Tampa Bay with kicker Morten Andersen nailing a 23-yard field goal. With the loss, the Buccaneers fell to 3–10.
Week 15: at Chicago Bears.
The Bears entered week 15 of the NFL season hoping to secure a first-round bye and home-field advantage throughout the NFC playoffs. Chicago led 24–3 with 5:22 left in the third quarter and were en route to winning their third straight. During the first quarter, the Bucs had only reached 80 yards in total offense. Coach Jon Gruden sent in back-up Tim Rattay, who completed 20 of 35 for 268 yards with 3 touchdowns and one interception as the Bucs battled back to tie the game up at 31 during the fourth quarter. A controversial move was made by Chicago Bears' head coach Lovie Smith as he decided to let time expire during the fourth quarter and thus send the game into overtime. Tampa Bay won the coin toss, and both teams had three possessions in overtime. After missing earlier in the overtime period, Robbie Gould connected on a 27-yard field goal with 3:37 remaining to give the Bears the victory, 34–31. This loss sent the struggling Buccaneers to 3–11 which secured last place in the NFC South standings.
Week 16: at Cleveland Browns.
Trying to end a four-game losing skid, the Buccaneers flew to Cleveland Browns Stadium for a Week 16 interconference fight with the Cleveland Browns on Christmas Eve. In the first half, the Bucs got off to a decent start with kicker Matt Bryant nailing a 23-yard field goal in the first quarter and a 24-yard field goal in the second quarter. In the third quarter, Tampa Bay increased its lead RB Michael Pittman's 11-yard TD run (following PAT was blocked). In the fourth quarter, the Pewter Pirates’ defense got a chance to score with OLB Derrick Brooks returning an interception 21 yards for a touchdown. Afterwards, the Browns would get their only score of the game as CB Daven Holly returned a fumble 40 yards for a touchdown. After that, the Bucs wrapped the game up with Bryant's 37-yard field goal. With the win, the Buccaneers improved to 4–11.
Week 17: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
Trying to end their season on a high note on New Year's Eve, the Buccaneers hosted the NFC West champion Seattle Seahawks. Tampa Bay trailed early as Seahawks kicker Josh Brown nailed a 35-yard field goal, which was followed by RB Shaun Alexander's one-yard TD run. In the second quarter, the Bucs got their only score of the game with QB Tim Rattay completing a 4-yard TD pass to WR Joey Galloway. Afterwards, Seattle continued its dominance with QB Matt Hasselbeck completing a 5-yard TD pass to WR D.J. Hackett. After that, the Seahawks wrapped up the game in the second half with Brown getting a 30-yard field goal in the third quarter and a 23-yard field goal in the fourth quarter. With the loss, the Buccaneers ended their year at 4–12.

</doc>
<doc id="6930391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930391" title="Protocols of the wise men of the Zion">
Protocols of the wise men of the Zion



</doc>
<doc id="6930396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930396" title="Evan Lurie">
Evan Lurie

Evan Lurie (born 1954 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States) is an American composer and musician. Playing piano and occasionally organ, Evan was a founding member of the band the Lounge Lizards, along with his saxophonist brother John Lurie.
Lurie began studying composition with Julius Eastman in the early 1980’s. Eastman had approached him saying, "Don’t you play with the Lounge Lizards? I want to meet their keyboard player".
In 1985 he formed a quintet to perform his compositions for bandoneon. The quintet (including Jill Jaffe - violin, Marc Ribot - guitar and Alfredo Pedernera - bandoneon) released two recordings: Pieces for Bandoneon in 1987 and Selling Water by the Side of the River in 1990.
Lurie started producing music for Nickelodeon in 2001, as the composer for their show "Oswald". He was later the music director for all four seasons of the Nick Jr. series "The Backyardigans", which features a different musical genre in every episode. In 2011, Lurie composed an unused song for Nickelodeon's "Winx Club" (a show that many other "Backyardigans" crew members worked on, including creator Janice Burgess).
Other notable productions he has written music for include "Joe Gould's Secret" (2000) and Steve Buscemi's "Trees Lounge" (1996).
Discography.
With The Lounge Lizards: see The Lounge Lizards Discography

</doc>
<doc id="6930397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930397" title="Carlos Casares Partido">
Carlos Casares Partido

Carlos Casares Partido is a partido of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 21,000 inhabitants in an area of . Its capital city is Carlos Casares, which is around from Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="6930407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930407" title="Carlos Casares (governor)">
Carlos Casares (governor)

Carlos Casares (February 13, 1830 – May 2, 1883) was an Argentine rancher, executive, and politician.
Life and times.
Carlos Gumersindo Casares was born to Gervasia Rodríguez Rojo and Vicente Casares, in 1830. His father, born in Vizcaya, Spain, served as the first Spanish Consul to Argentina. His parents became influential ranchers in Argentina, and he studied in Germany.
Casares became a vocal opponent of Buenos Aires Province Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas, and he was jailed for a time. Following the strongman's fall at the 1852 Battle of Caseros, he entered politics, and in 1857, was elected to the Provincial Legislature. He bred racehorses in subsequent years, and became a member of the board of the Buenos Aires Western Railway. He married María Josefa Martínez de Hoz, the daughter of prominent landowners, and had one son.
He affiliated himself with Adolfo Alsina's Buenos Aires-centric Autonomist Party, and in 1875, the party's standard-bearer, President Nicolás Avellaneda, appointed Casares Governor of Buenos Aires; the appointment of Casares, a moderate, contributed to an improvement in relations with provincial "Caudillos" from the hinterland, and fomented national unity.
Casares enacted the Law of Common Education, a precursor to the Argentine Law 1420 of 1884, which mandated universal, compulsory, free and secular education. He stepped down in 1878 upon the election of separatist Carlos Tejedor. Amid resurfacing tensions, Casares headed the Autonomist Party committee that nominated General Julio Roca ahead of the 1880 presidential election.
Casares was appointed Director of the Bank of the Province of Buenos Aires in 1882, and died at his Magdalena ranch in 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="6930411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930411" title="European route E762">
European route E762

European route E 762 is a road part of the International E-road network. It begins in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and officially ends at the border between Montenegro and Albania. In Albania, some road signs indicate the route heading towards Tirana.

</doc>
<doc id="6930413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930413" title="Wii launch games">
Wii launch games



</doc>
<doc id="6930418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930418" title="Bertie the Bunyip">
Bertie the Bunyip

Bertie the Bunyip was the lead puppet character on the popular American children's television series The Bertie the Bunyip Show which aired on KYW-TV (known as WPTZ until 1956, then WRCV-TV from 1956-1965) in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, which ran from 1954 to 1966. He was portrayed as a brown-colored character with the ears of a kangaroo and a duck-bill-type snout. For children he was cute and friendly, getting into harmless situations.
Created by Australian born and raised ventriloquist Lee Dexter (1904-1991), Bertie was a bunyip (a mythological Australian creature), described by Dexter as "a cross between a bunny, a collie dog and a duck billed platypus."
Bertie's enemy was an aristocratic fox by the name of Sir Guy de Guy (who bore a resemblance to "Pinocchio's" "Honest John"), and his friends included Nixie the Pixie, Humphrey the white rabbit, Winnie the Witch, Poochie the Pup and those terrible twos Fussy and Gussy.
A newspaper article published shortly after his death featured an interview with Lee Dexter, who noted that Sir Guy was named after the ubiquitous TV Guide - but this turned out to be just another bogus attempt to cash in on the notoriety of Dexter's puppets, and there was a protracted struggle for ownership of the puppets. Dexter suffered from Alzheimer's Disease in his later years and was confined to a nursing home in southern New Jersey; he was unable to shed any light on his puppets including who should get them.

</doc>
<doc id="6930420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930420" title="Bodio">
Bodio

Bodio is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
Bodio was first mentioned in 1227 as "Boidi". During the Middle Ages, Bodio and the now abandoned village of Simbra (or Saimola) formed a "Degagna" in the Giornico area. During the reign of the cathedral of Milan over the three "Ambrosian Valleys", in May and November the "placita della Leventina" meetings were held in Bodio. The "Placita della Leventina", was a meeting of the Leventina valley used to administer justice and to discuss local issues. Until the 16th century the village belonged to the parish of Giornico. It became a separate parish in 1567, and until 1602 Pollegio was part of the parish. The church of S. Stefano was first mentioned in 1227. Along with a large part of the village, it was destroyed by a landslide in the 15th century. The current parish church dates from the 19th century, the bell tower from 1779. The floods of 1817, 1829, 1834 and 1839 caused great damage in the village and a further flood of the Ticino river in 1868 caused 18 fatalities and destroyed some homes.
The town was important for timber transport on the Ticino river. Above Bodio, the logs were allowed to float freely down the river. At Bodio they were collected and rafted. In the so-called Fosso, a collection and delivery basin, the logs were collected and tied together to limit damage to the river embankments downstream.
Many residents emigrated from the municipality seeking work. Until the middle of the 19th century, most of the emigrants went to Italy, with the exception of Glaser and Ofensetzer families, who mostly went to France. In 1876, a fifth of the former population (then 400 inhabitants) lived in the United States, primarily in California and Nevada.
The transformation of the community from a farming village to an industrial center is due to the construction of the Gotthard railway at the end of the 19th century, and the use of water power from the Ticino river, which began in 1911 with the commissioning of the Biaschina-Zentrale powerplant. The availability of large amounts of energy at a low cost, and the presence of an important transport link (the train) induced various industries to settle in the region. This helped turn the area into an important industrial center of the Canton of Ticino. Around 1910, Swiss and German businesses opened in the community, including "Diamant" (grinding materials), the "Gotthardwerke" (metal alloys), the chemical plant "Nitre" (production of nitrogen derivatives) and two carbide factories. These industrial firms, which employed more than 1,000 workers (including many Italians), flourished thanks to the production of explosive materials during World War I. After the war, the industry declined due to the changes of production methods and high railway tariffs. The first industry to collapse was the granite industry, which employed about 150 people. On 21 July 1921, an explosion at the "Nitre" chemical plant claimed 15 lives, destroyed the factory and damaged neighboring buildings.
The concentration of industry and labor in the area led to the creation of trade unions. In 1917, Bodio became the home of the first cantonal section of the metal workers union (SMUV). In the 1930s, various vocational education departments opened at schools in the region. In 1917 the "Biaschina-Kraftwerk" power plant was transferred from "Motor AG" (later Motor-Columbus) to the Ticino Electricity Works (Ofelti), which was based in Bodio. In 1936, after the construction of the Gotthard-transmission line, the Aare-Tessin AG für Elektrizität company (Atel), was founded and headquartered in Olten, with a branch at Bodio. In 1924, the "Gotthardwerke" was acquired by Lonza in Basel. The new company, renamed Timcal in 1995, was the world's leading company in the production of synthetic graphite and high temperature lubricants. The best known example of local industrial enterprises is "Monteforno" (located in the area of Giornico, but based in Bodio). It was founded in 1946 and closed on 31 January 1995.
There are no longer any farms in the municipality, but there are about 4 acres of wine grapes, which produce a Merlot wine of recognized quality.
Geography.
Bodio has an area, , of . Of this area, or 5.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 66.0% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 11.8% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.9% is either rivers or lakes and or 15.2% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 2.3% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 3.9% and transportation infrastructure made up 5.1%. Out of the forested land, 59.0% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.8% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 1.4% is used for growing crops and 3.9% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 6.5% is unproductive vegetation and 8.7% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Leventina district, at an elevation of on the left side of the lower Leventina valley.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per bend sinister Gules a cross Argent and Or a mullet of the first."
Demographics.
Bodio has a population () of . , 43.3% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -12.7%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (87.1%), with Serbo-Croatian being second most common ( 3.4%) and Portuguese being third ( 2.5%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 13 speak German, 8 people speak French, 921 people speak Italian. The remainder (116 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.7% male and 49.3% female. The population was made up of 261 Swiss men (26.7% of the population), and 235 (24.0%) non-Swiss men. There were 304 Swiss women (31.1%), and 178 (18.2%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 4 live births to Swiss citizens and 3 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 8 deaths of Swiss citizens and 4 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 4 while the foreign population decreased by 1. There was 1 Swiss man who immigrated back to Switzerland and 4 Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 4 non-Swiss men and 8 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was a decrease of 22 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 4 people. This represents a population growth rate of -2.6%.
The age distribution, , in Bodio is; 75 children or 7.7% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 90 teenagers or 9.2% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 101 people or 10.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 131 people or 13.4% are between 30 and 39, 160 people or 16.4% are between 40 and 49, and 146 people or 14.9% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 126 people or 12.9% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 76 people or 7.8% are between 70 and 79, there are 73 people or 7.5% who are over 80.
, there were 496 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.1 persons per household. there were 213 single family homes (or 65.7% of the total) out of a total of 324 inhabited buildings. There were 51 two family buildings (15.7%) and 39 multi-family buildings (12.0%). There were also 21 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 2.3%. there were 642 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 3 room apartment of which there were 201. There were 33 single room apartments and 121 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 495 apartments (77.1% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 104 apartments (16.2%) were seasonally occupied and 43 apartments (6.7%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The "Centrale Idroelettrica Della Biaschina" (Hydroelectric power plant at Biaschina) is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 46.59% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (19.27%), the Ticino League (13.84%) and the FDP (11.58%). In the federal election, a total of 259 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 54.8%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 521 registered voters in Bodio, of which 331 or 63.5% voted. 4 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 326 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 112 or 34.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 65 or 19.9%), the SSI (with 57 or 17.5%) and the LEGA (with 39 or 12.0%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 3 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 328 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 113 or 34.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 74 or 22.6%), the SSI (with 53 or 16.2%) and the LEGA (with 43 or 13.1%).
Economy.
, Bodio had an unemployment rate of 5.12%. , there were 6 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 2 businesses involved in this sector. 256 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 13 businesses in this sector. 119 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 36 businesses in this sector. There were 462 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 34.6% of the workforce.
, there were 331 workers who commuted into the municipality and 285 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 1.2 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. Of the working population, 9.1% used public transportation to get to work, and 60.8% used a private car.
, there were 3 hotels in Bodio with a total of 48 rooms and 87 beds.
Religion.
From the , 845 or 79.9% were Roman Catholic, while 17 or 1.6% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 135 individuals (or about 12.76% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 61 individuals (or about 5.77% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Bodio about 49.5% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Bodio there were a total of 148 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Bodio there were 26 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 48 students attended the standard primary schools and 5 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 30 students in the two-year middle school and 3 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 5 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 12 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 17 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 2 students in the professional program.
, there were 4 students in Bodio who came from another municipality, while 74 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Bodio is served by the infrequently served Bodio station, situated within the municipality. The station is on the Gotthard railway.

</doc>
<doc id="6930424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930424" title="Carlos Tejedor Partido">
Carlos Tejedor Partido

Carlos Tejedor Partido is a partido in the north-west of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 11,500 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Carlos Tejedor.

</doc>
<doc id="6930430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930430" title="Carlos Tejedor">
Carlos Tejedor

Carlos Tejedor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6930434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930434" title="Calpiogna">
Calpiogna

Calpiogna is a former municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, it was incorporated into the municipality of Faido along with the former municipalities of Anzonico, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco.
History.
Calpiogna is first mentioned in 1246 as "Calpiognia". The village was the seat of the still existing "Degagna" of Fichengo, one of three "Degagne" that makes up the "Vicinanza" (cooperative village) of Faido. Faido included; Calpiogna, Primadengo, Campello, Fontanedo (abandoned in the 18th century), Chinchengo and a part of the village of Faidos as well as several alpine pastures in Graubünden. In the Middle Ages the village belonged to the parish of Mairengo. However, since 1670 it has formed a separate parish, which until 1837 included Campello. The Chapel of S. Eutichio was first mentioned in 1577. It was rebuilt in 1665 and consecrated to St. Athanasius. The chapel of St. Anthony of Padua in Primadengo dates back to 1651. The village lived on farming and grazing, while periodic and seasonal emigration secured additional income. In the 19th century many residents of the village began to emigrate to France, England and the United States. Emigration increased in the 20th century. Since the 1950s the mountain pastures of former Prodo (with Carì) draw numerous winter and summer visitors.
Geography.
Calpiogna has an area, , of . Of this area, or 6.7% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 51.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 4.8% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.2% is either rivers or lakes and or 22.1% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 2.7% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.8%. Out of the forested land, 48.2% of the total land area is heavily forested and 1.8% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 3.9% is used for growing crops and 2.7% is used for alpine pastures. Of the water in the municipality, 0.6% is in lakes and 0.6% is in rivers and streams. Of the unproductive areas, 15.8% is unproductive vegetation and 6.4% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Leventina district, on a terrace at an elevation of on the left side of the mid-Leventina valley. It consists of the village of Calpiogna, the hamlet of Primadengo, which is at an elevation of , and the former mayen of Prodör at an elevation of . The municipality of Campello was part of Calpiogna until 1853.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per fess Argent and Vert in the first three fir trees issuant of the second."
Demographics.
Calpiogna has a population () of . , 9.3% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -24.5%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (85.0%), with German being second most common (15.0%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 6 speak German, 34 people speak Italian.
, the gender distribution of the population was 46.8% male and 53.2% female. The population was made up of 19 Swiss men (40.4% of the population), and 3 (6.4%) non-Swiss men. There were 22 Swiss women (46.8%), and 3 (6.4%) non-Swiss women.
In there was 1 live birth to Swiss citizens and 1 death of a Swiss citizen. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens and the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 non-Swiss woman who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was an increase of 5 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 1 people. This represents a population growth rate of 16.2%.
The age distribution, , in Calpiogna is; 3 children or 6.4% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 3 teenagers or 6.4% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 7 people or 14.9% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 5 people or 10.6% are between 30 and 39, 6 people or 12.8% are between 40 and 49, and 11 people or 23.4% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 5 people or 10.6% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 3 people or 6.4% are between 70 and 79, there are 4 people or 8.5% who are over 80.
 the average number of residents per living room was 0.41 which is fewer people per room than the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 77.8% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 18 private households in the municipality, and an average of 1.9 persons per household. there were 103 single family homes (or 87.3% of the total) out of a total of 118 inhabited buildings. There were 10 two family buildings (8.5%) and 1 multi-family buildings (0.8%). There were also 4 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 130 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 46. There were 5 single room apartments and 46 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 18 apartments (13.8% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 112 apartments (86.2%) were seasonally occupied and 0 apartments were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Sights.
The entire villages of Calpiogna and Primadengo were designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 42.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (20.63%), the FDP (16.25%) and the Ticino League (14.38%). In the federal election, a total of 22 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 48.9%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 125 registered voters in Calpiogna, of which 25 or 20.0% voted. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 15 or 60.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 6 or 24.0%), the PLRT (with 2 or 8.0%) and the PS (with 1 or 4.0%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 null ballot was cast, leaving 24 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 15 or 62.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 5 or 20.8%), the PLRT (with 2 or 8.3%) and the LEGA (with 1 or 4.2%).
Economy.
, Calpiogna had an unemployment rate of 0.42%. , there were 6 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 3 businesses involved in this sector. people were employed in the secondary sector and there were businesses in this sector. 2 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 1 business in this sector. There were 20 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 20.0% of the workforce.
, there were no workers who commuted into the municipality and 12 workers who commuted away. The municipality is an exporter of workers. Of the working population, 15% used public transportation to get to work, and 50% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 34 or 85.0% were Roman Catholic, while 5 or 12.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 1 individuals (or about 2.50% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Calpiogna about 63.7% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Calpiogna there were a total of four students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Calpiogna there were children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, three students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There was one student in the two-year middle school.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student).
, there were 5 students who lived in Calpiogna who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6930437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930437" title="Louth, County Louth">
Louth, County Louth

Louth () is a village at the heart of County Louth, Ireland. It is approximately 11 km south-west of Dundalk, 11 km to the neighbouring town of Ardee and 15 km south-east of Carrickmacross town in County Monaghan. The village gave its name to the county. Louth is in a barony and civil parish of the same name.
Etymology.
The village is named after Lugh, a god of the ancient Irish, and may once have been the site of a shrine dedicated to the god. Historically, the place-name was spelt in variously different ways such as; "Lughmhagh", "Lughmhadh" and "Lughbhadh". The first is thought to mean "Lugh's plain" or "Lugh's field", but the meaning of the other two is unclear. "Lú" is the modern simplified spelling.
History.
According to tradition, Mochta—a Christian missionary from Britain—founded a monastery at Louth in the 6th century, known today as St. Mochta's House. In the 1920s the structure was completely dismantled and rebuilt in an attempt to save it from damage caused by ivy. In the 12th century, Saint Mary's Monastery was built approximately 50m east, but today lies in ruins after the dissolution of the monasteries under the English king Henry VIII. The current structure dates mainly from the 1300s it is believed that Edward Bruce of Scotland stayed at the priory in 1315, leading to the estate being fined by the English crown.
The remnants of a motte-and-bailey castle stand overlooking much of the village, on the edge of the Artoney townland. The eight meter tall motte - known locally as the Fairy Mound - is the highest point in the village and in Norman times had a wooden structure atop.
Until early in the 21st century, the village was also home to the last remnants of St John's Abbey. The last standing portion of the walls of the monastery, a , piece known locally as The Pinnacle, suddenly collapsed overnight.
The Roman Catholic Church of the Immaculate Conception, which was built in 1892, sits atop a hill overlooking the village and surrounding area. Its interior was destroyed in 2003 by an accidental fire, started during renovation work, leaving only the exterior walls and spire standing. In early 2006, it reopened with a renovated modern-style interior.
The local GAA team took the name St. Mochtas and play at the nearby Pairc Mochta founded in 1949, in honour of the saint who founded the small church in the village in the 6th century. The local primary school, St. Mochta's NS, was established in 1973.
People.
The population of the village doubled from 373 inhabitants as of the 1991 census to 735 people as of the 2016 census.
The village was home to former Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) Eddie Filgate. Filgate was first elected to the 21st Dáil at the 1977 general election in the Louth constituency. He died in 2017, aged 101, at which time he was living next to the site of his childhood home on the outskirts of the village, in the Priorstate townland.
Denis Faul (1932–2006), Roman Catholic priest and civil rights campaigner, was born in Louth.

</doc>
<doc id="6930443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930443" title="Brandsen">
Brandsen

Brandsen is a town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It is the head town of the Brandsen Partido.
History.
The city built up around a railway station named "Coronel Brandsen" which was named after Colonel Federico de Brandsen, who fought in the liberation of Chile and Peru and died heroically at the battle of Ituzaingó on February 20, 1827, in the war with Brazil.
The city held the "Brandsen Rock Todo El Año" in 2007, as well as the "Desfile De Carnaval Brandsen" in February and March., the "Santa Rita De Cascia" festival and many other festivals in May and "Campo Brandsen", a camp where the younger people go to play many different sports.

</doc>
<doc id="6930444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930444" title="2006 Denver Broncos season">
2006 Denver Broncos season

The 2006 season was the Denver Broncos' 37th in the National Football League (NFL) and their 47th overall. Following a 7–2 start, the team collapsed down the stretch as the team failed to improve on their 13–3 record from 2005 and they finished the season with a 9–7 record, missing the playoffs for the first time since 2002, due to a 26–23 overtime loss to the San Francisco 49ers and allowing the Kansas City Chiefs to win the tiebreaker, by beating the Jacksonville Jaguars 35–30.
Offseason.
In the 2006 NFL draft, the Broncos traded their number 15 and 68 picks to select Vanderbilt quarterback Jay Cutler at number 11. Their second pick was tight end Tony Scheffler from Western Michigan. They then used their next pick (acquired from the Washington Redskins) on Central Florida wide receiver Brandon Marshall. The rest of their picks included University of Louisville defensive end Elvis Dumervil, Akron University wide receiver Domenik Hixon, North Dakota guard Chris Kuper, and University of Minnesota center Greg Eslinger. Denver also traded a second round pick for Green Bay Packers wide receiver Javon Walker. In another big move, they traded WR Ashley Lelie to the Atlanta Falcons and received no less than 3rd and 4th round draft picks. Mike Anderson and Trevor Pryce were both waived due to salary cap issues and were subsequently picked up by the Baltimore Ravens.
Schedule.
In addition to their regular home-and-away series with AFC West rivals the Raiders, the Chiefs and the Chargers, the Broncos played teams from the AFC North and NFC West as per the schedule rotation established in 2002, and also played intraconference games against the New England Patriots and the Indianapolis Colts based on their common divisional position vis-à-vis the Broncos from 2005.
Regular season.
Week 1: at St. Louis Rams.
"at the Edward Jones Dome, St. Louis, Missouri"
The Broncos opened the regular season on the road against the St. Louis Rams on September 10 in the Edward Jones Dome. The game was primarily a defensive battle, with only one touchdown scored in the entire game, and the Rams won 18–10. Jake Plummer struggled throughout the game, throwing 3 interceptions, losing a fumble, and being sacked 4 times, 2 of them by Leonard Little. Tatum Bell also lost a fumble, but ran for 103 yards. Rookie Mike Bell ran for 58 yards and scored the only touchdown in the entire game late in the second quarter on a 1-yard run. Kicker Jeff Wilkins provided all of the scoring for the Rams, making 6 field goals, tying a franchise record, while running back Steven Jackson was one of the few bright spots for the Rams offense, running for 121 yards. The five turnovers by the Broncos was the most for them since the 2000 season. The Broncos would start their season at 0–1.
Week 2: vs. Kansas City Chiefs.
"at Invesco Field at Mile High, Denver, Colorado"
The Broncos returned to INVESCO Field at Mile High in Week 2 for their home-opener against the division rival Kansas City Chiefs. The game turned into another defensive battle, contrary to the typical shootouts the two teams usually have. Not a single touchdown was scored by either team. The Broncos improved on their turnovers, however, with just 1 interception thrown by Jake Plummer, while the Chiefs gave up 2 fumbles. Tatum Bell and Mike Bell combined for 113 yards rushing, while Denver again gave up a 100-yard rusher, allowing Larry Johnson to rush for 126 yards. Neither quarterback was spectacular, both throwing for less than 200 yards. Javon Walker led all receivers with 79 yards. The game was tied 6–6 at the end of regulation, prompting an overtime in which a Jason Elam 39-yard field goal won the game for the Broncos. In 93 games between the two teams, it was both the first to never have a touchdown and also featured the lowest-ever score. It was also only the third time in franchise history that the Broncos did not commit a single penalty.
Week 3: at New England Patriots.
"at Gillette Stadium, Foxboro, Massachusetts"
The Broncos traveled to Gillette Stadium to play the New England Patriots in a Sunday night game on September 24. The game was a rematch of the divisional playoff game of the previous season in which the Broncos beat the Patriots and ended their record 10-game playoff winning streak. The Broncos won 17–7, improving their record to 2–1. The Broncos scored a 23-yard field goal (by kicker Jason Elam) and a touchdown in the second quarter (a 32-yard TD pass from QB Jake Plummer to Javon Walker). Plummer and Walker would hook up for another touchdown in the fourth quarter with an 83-yard touchdown pass. The Broncos held New England to only 50 yards on the ground, while Tatum Bell ran for 123 yards. The Patriots scored a touchdown in the fourth quarter when Tom Brady threw an 8-yard pass to Doug Gabriel. The Broncos became the first team since the 1942 Chicago Cardinals to begin their season with 11 straight quarters without allowing their opponents to score a touchdown.
Week 4: Bye week.
The Broncos had a bye week, but moved into a first place tie in the division when the San Diego Chargers lost to the Baltimore Ravens 16–13.
Week 5: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
"at Invesco Field at Mile High, Denver, Colorado"
The Baltimore Ravens traveled to INVESCO Field at Mile High for Monday Night Football on October 9. The last time these two teams played, on December 11, 2005, the Broncos won 12–10. The Broncos won 13–3 and improved to 3–1, still tied for first place in the division with the San Diego Chargers.
The Ravens got on the board first when Matt Stover kicked a 24-yard field goal, following a fumble by Broncos RB Tatum Bell. The Broncos responded with a 43-yard field goal of their own by Jason Elam. The Ravens drove deep into Broncos territory late at the end of the first half, but that drive was thwarted as Steve McNair was intercepted by Champ Bailey in the end zone on a pass intended for Clarence Moore. The third quarter was scoreless as the defensive struggle continued. The Broncos controlled the clock in the second half with the running game led by Tatum Bell, who atoned for his fumble in the first quarter by bouncing back with 92 yards rushing. Ravens QB McNair was intercepted again by Darrent Williams, which led to a Jake Plummer to Rod Smith touchdown pass. McNair was intercepted a third time, ending the Ravens' final drive, this time by Domonique Foxworth.
Week 6: vs. Oakland Raiders.
"at Invesco Field at Mile High, Denver, Colorado"
The Oakland Raiders traveled to INVESCO Field at Mile High for Sunday Night Football on October 15. The Raiders arrived in Denver 0–4 while the Broncos began the game tied for first place in their division at 3–1.
This game was again primarily a defensive struggle. Oakland had two turnovers deep in Broncos territory, one an interception thrown by Andrew Walter that was picked off by Champ Bailey, and another a fumble by LaMont Jordan. Neither team was able to do much on offense, with just 1 touchdown scored in the entire game (a run by Tatum Bell) and a total of 274 yards produced by the Raiders and 246 yards by Denver. The only turnover of the game by Denver came on a Darrent Williams fumble on a punt return early in the second half. Jason Elam succeeded on kicks from 51 and 22 yards, while Sebastian Janikowski scored the only points for Oakland on a 47-yard field goal in the third quarter. Randy Moss had 86 yards receiving, while Javon Walker had 75 yards. Both had 1 50+ yard catch to put their teams in scoring position. Tatum Bell was the leading rusher with 83 yards. With the win, the Broncos improved to 4–1.
The Broncos by this point had only allowed 1 touchdown in 52 opponent possessions. In this game they became the first team since the 1934 Detroit Lions to go five games while allowing only one touchdown to be scored against them.
Week 7: at Cleveland Browns.
"at Cleveland Browns Stadium, Cleveland, Ohio"
The Broncos traveled to Cleveland Browns Stadium to face the Cleveland Browns in what would again be a primarily defensive struggle. The Broncos again had a 100-yard rusher in Tatum Bell, with 115 yards (and also 1 touchdown), and also had a 100-yard receiver in Javon Walker, with 107 yards. Former Bronco Reuben Droughns was held to just 33 yards rushing and 27 yards receiving (60 yards total). Jake Plummer again struggled, throwing 1 touchdown (to rookie Brandon Marshall, the first of his career), but also 2 interceptions. Although Denver committed 2 turnovers, they also forced three; one interception (by Champ Bailey, making it three consecutive games with an interception) and two fumbles. After Jake Plummer threw his second interception of the day in their own red zone, the Browns scored their only points when Charlie Frye threw a touchdown pass to Joe Jurevicius in the fourth quarter, only the second touchdown allowed by the Broncos all year. It also ended their second 11-quarter streak without a touchdown allowed of the season. Denver at the time had only allowed 44 points all season, the lowest in the league. However, in one of the few items of bad news for the Broncos, left tackle Matt Lepsis suffered a season-ending knee injury. Also, kicker Jason Elam missed just his second field goal of the season in the third quarter.
After the Chargers lost to division rival Kansas CIty, the Broncos took over the AFC West with a 5–1 record.
Week 8: vs. Indianapolis Colts.
"at Invesco Field at Mile High, Denver, Colorado"
The Broncos returned to INVESCO Field at Mile High in a highly anticipated showdown with the Eventual Super Bowl Champion Indianapolis Colts and their high-powered offense led by Peyton Manning. Going into the game, Indianapolis was one of just two undefeated teams in the NFL (along with the Chicago Bears) with a 6–0 record.
Unlike the other games the Broncos played up to this point, this game turned into a shootout in the second half, with Peyton Manning playing a nearly flawless game. By the end of the first half, the Broncos had already scored 14 points (3 below their season high up to this point). The Colts scored first, with a 42-yard field goal by Adam Vinatieri in the first quarter. The Broncos took a quick lead in the second quarter with two consecutive 80-yard drives for touchdowns; one a 1-yard run by Jake Plummer, his first of the season on running, and the second a 15-yard pass to Javon Walker. The Broncos went into the half leading 14–6 after a 32-yard field goal by Vinatieri.
The Colts responded with a 12-yard touchdown catch by Reggie Wayne in the third quarter. The only turnover of the game came on a Jake Plummer fumble on the next drive by the Broncos, leading to another easy touchdown pass to Wayne, putting the Colts ahead 17–14. A touchdown run by Mike Bell, who was substituting for the slightly injured Tatum Bell, put the Broncos on top again. Each team responded with a touchdown in the fourth quarter, with Bell running for another touchdown and Wayne hauling in another touchdown pass (followed by a 2-point conversion pass that was also caught by Wayne). The 37-yard field goal by Vinatieri with 2 seconds left won the game for the Colts, breaking the tie and allowing them to remain undefeated. He had another 48-yarder earlier in the quarter, while Jason Elam had previously tied the game on a 49-yard field goal.
The game proved to be good for both offenses; while Denver allowed the most points they had all season, they also scored more points than they had all season. Peyton Manning tore up the Broncos defense, throwing for 345 yards (138 by Wayne) on 32/39 passing, and 3 touchdowns (all to Wayne). Denver's powerful run attack (currently third in the league behind the Atlanta Falcons and San Diego Chargers) gained 227 yards against the league-worst Colts run defense (including 136 by rookie Mike Bell), but it simply wasn't enough to counter the Colts' powerful offense (which also ran for 93 yards, all by rookie Joseph Addai, a career-high).
Denver again moved into a first place tie in the AFC West with the San Diego Chargers as they won their game against the St. Louis Rams.
Week 9: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
"at Heinz Field, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania"
The Broncos played the Super Bowl XL champion Pittsburgh Steelers at Heinz Field in Pittsburgh, in a rematch of the 2005 AFC Championship Game. The Broncos got on the scoreboard quick with Jake Plummer throwing a 16-yard touchdown strike to WR Rod Smith on their first drive of the game. On the ensuing kickoff, the Steelers fumbled the ball, with the Broncos recovering deep into Steelers' territory. Plummer then threw a 10-yard pass to WR Javon Walker to make the score 14–0. On the next drive, the Steelers got to the Denver 41-yard line when QB Ben Roethlisberger completed a 35-yard pass to WR Cedrick Wilson, who then fumbled the ball and the Broncos recovered.
In the second quarter, the Steelers dominated play outscoring the Broncos 10–0 on the quarter. Roethlisberger threw a 15-yard touchdown pass to RB Willie Parker for his first touchdown pass of the game. The Steelers were about to score on their next possession when Roethlisberger threw an interception near the end zone to CB Champ Bailey. After the Broncos showed no offense in the quarter, and the Steelers missed a 40-yard field goal, the quarter ended with the Steelers' Jeff Reed kicking a 46-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Denver quickly scored with a 72-yard end around run by Javon Walker. On their next drive, the Steelers were driving down the field, when Roethlisberger threw another interception to Champ Bailey near the end zone. Denver was unable to get out of their own end zone after that and punted to the Steelers, who scored on the next drive with a 3-yard touchdown run by Willie Parker.
Denver put the game to an end in the fourth quarter with another 10-yard touchdown pass from Plummer to Walker. This came after the Steelers punted from their own 1-yard line and the Broncos began the series on the Steelers' 17-yard line. Both the Steelers and the Broncos scored field goals on their next possessions, the Steelers with a 29-yard field goal and Denver with a 32-yard field goal. Pittsburgh again, down by 11, nearly made it a 4-point game when WR Hines Ward leaped into the end zone, but fumbled from a John Lynch (American football) tackle, whereby the Broncos safety Curome Cox recovered the fumble. On the Steelers next possession, Roethlisberger again threw an interception, this time to Curome Cox, ending the game.
With this win the Broncos remained tied with the Chargers in the AFC West with a 6–2 record.
Week 10: at Oakland Raiders.
"at McAfee Coliseum, Oakland, California"
Following their road victory over the Steelers, the Broncos flew to McAfee Coliseum for an AFC West rematch with the Oakland Raiders. In the first quarter, the Raiders score first with RB LaMont Jordan on a 1-yard TD run. The Broncos would respond with QB Jake Plummer completing a 39-yard TD run with WR Javon Walker. In the second quarter, Oakland kicker Sebastian Janikowski would get a 55-yard and a 20-yard field goal to give the Raiders a 13–7 halftime lead. After a scoreless third quarter, Denver would score twice in the 4th Quarter with Plummer's 1-yard TD pass to FB Kyle Johnson and Jason Elam kicking a 24-yard field goal. With the win, the Broncos improved to 7–2.
Week 11: vs. San Diego Chargers.
"at Invesco Field at Mile High, Denver, Colorado"
Following their season sweep over the Raiders, the Broncos went home for a Sunday night match-up with their AFC West rival, San Diego Chargers. With first place in the division on the line, both sides would play tough. In the first quarter, the Chargers got the only score of the period as LaDainian Tomlinson scored on a 3-yard TD run on a 98-yard drive. In the second quarter, the Broncos took the lead with RB Mike Bell getting two 3-yard TD runs. In the third quarter, kicker Jason Elam completed a 42-yard field goal, while CB Darrent Williams returned an interception 31 yards for a touchdown.
However, things started getting grim as Tomlinson (who historically had difficulty against the Broncos in Denver) exploded with a 3-yard TD run his 100th career rushing touchdown, and a 51-yard touchdown reception. In the fourth quarter, Elam would get a 38-yard field goal, but San Diego managed to wrap up the game with QB Philip Rivers completing a 5-yard TD pass to WR Vincent Jackson and Tomlinson getting a 1-yard TD run. With the loss, the Broncos fell to 7–3 and second place in the AFC West.
It would later be learned that safety Nick Ferguson had season-ending surgery to repair a torn medial meniscus in his left knee. He injured his knee after a 1st quarter interception.
Week 12: at Kansas City Chiefs.
"at Arrowhead Stadium, Kansas City, Missouri"
The Broncos traveled to Arrowhead Stadium for an AFC West rematch with the Kansas City Chiefs. This was a historic game as NFL Network began their season with a 3rd NFL game on Thanksgiving. In the 1960s, Kansas City hosted three Thanksgiving Day games. For this battle, QB Jake "The Snake" Plummer was fighting for his starting job.
In the first quarter, the Broncos trailed early as K.C.'s Lawrence Tynes kicked a 24-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Denver's defensive problem continued as RB Larry Johnson got a 1-yard TD run. The Broncos would finally score as kicker Jason Elam nailed a 31-yard field goal. In the third quarter, Tynes helped the Chiefs get a 34-yard field goal, while Plummer completed a 1-yard TD pass to TE Stephen Alexander. In the fourth quarter, Tynes gave Kansas City a 29-yard and a 21-yard field goal. The Broncos tried to respond, but K.C.'s improved defense stopped any hope of a comeback. With the loss, Denver fell to 7–4.
Week 13: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
"at Invesco Field at Mile High, Denver, Colorado"
Trying to break a two-game losing streak, the Broncos went home for a Sunday night fight with the Seattle Seahawks. This game would be notable for the NFL debut of QB Jay Cutler. In the first quarter, the Broncos struck first with kicker Jason Elam's 37-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Denver's lead increased with Cutler's 7-yard TD pass to TE Stephen Alexander. However, the Seahawks got into game with DE Darryl Tapp's 25-yard interception return for a touchdown. After a scoreless third quarter, Seattle took control of the game with RB Shaun Alexander's 1-yard TD run, along with kicker Josh Brown's 44-yard and 23-yard field goal. The Broncos responded with a huge play, as Cutler completed a 71-yard TD pass to WR Brandon Marshall. However, Denver's defense couldn't hold off the Seahawks' response, as Brown nailed a 50-yard field goal, spoiling Cutler's debut. With their third-straight loss, the Broncos fell to 7–5.
Week 14: at San Diego Chargers.
"at Qualcomm Stadium, San Diego, California"
Hoping to snap a three-game losing streak and give rookie QB Jay Cutler his first NFL win, the Broncos flew to Qualcomm Stadium for an AFC West rematch with the San Diego Chargers. In the first quarter, Denver trailed early as QB Philip Rivers completed a 12-yard TD pass to TE Antonio Gates, while FB Lorenzo Neal got a 4-yard TD run. In the second quarter, the Broncos managed to get on the board with kicker Jason Elam's 34-yard field goal. However, San Diego's dominance continued with RB LaDainian Tomlinson's 1-yard TD run, along with a 7-yard TD pass from Rivers to Gates. In the third quarter, the Broncos showed some signs of life as Cutler completed a 28-yard TD pass and an 11-yard TD pass to rookie TE Tony Scheffler, while Elam nailed a 33-yard field goal. However, in the fourth quarter, the Chargers pulled away with kicker Nate Kaeding's 34-yard and 35-yard field goal, while Tomlinson broke the single-season TD record with a 6-yard and a 7-yard TD run. With their fourth-straight defeat, Denver fell to 7–6.
Week 15: at Arizona Cardinals.
"at University of Phoenix Stadium, Glendale, Arizona"
Broncos' fans were given several reasons to hope for the future during this road win against the similarly rookie quarterback-led Cardinals. Denver scored first on a Javon Walker 54-yard pass from Jay Cutler in the 3rd minute of the first quarter. They scored again in the 6th minute of the first quarter on a 30-yard field goal compliments of Jason Elam. Elam tacked on another 3 in the second minute of the second quarter from 22 yards. The Cardinals got on the board in the 6th minute of the second quarter with a field goal from Neil Rackers. They scored again in the 7th minute on a fumble return for a touchdown by Antonio Smith for 4 yards after Tatum Bell lost the ball. Elam struck again from 30 yards in the 14th minute of the 2nd quarter. Denver went on to score 3 more TDs. One in the third on a 10-yard pass to Rod Smith and two more in the fourth both on 1-yard carries from Mike Bell. Arizona scored on an FG in the third from 38 yards compliments of Rackers and then on a touchdown in the fourth on a four-yard carry by Edgerrin James. The Broncos improved to 8–6 while the Cardinals fell to 4–10.
Playoff Implications: Jay Cutler replacing Jake Plummer for his third regular-season start had an impressive game with 21 completions on 31 attempts for 261 yards total. He had two TD passes and 1 interception. The run game while not impressive by Broncos' standards (106 yards team total with Mike Bell leading Tatum Bell (28 yards), with 61 yards on 16 carries) did provide enough of a threat to allow Cutler opportunities to make plays. After the Broncos' relatively stagnant last four games any semblance of an offensive rhythm is encouraging. The win in Arizona kept the Broncos' playoff hopes alive and set up an exciting must-win situation against the Cincinnati Bengals in week 16. The Broncos can clinch a wild card playoff berth with a win against the Bengals and a loss by the KC Chiefs along with a loss by either the NY Jets or the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Week 16: vs. Cincinnati Bengals.
"at Invesco Field at Mile High, Denver, Colorado"
Following their road victory over the Cardinals, the Broncos went home for a snowy Christmas Eve fight with the Cincinnati Bengals. In the first quarter, the Bengals struck first with RB Rudi Johnson's 6-yard TD run. In the second quarter, Denver struck back with QB Jay Cutler completing a 1-yard TD pass to rookie TE Tony Scheffler and a 39-yard TD pass to WR Javon Walker. However, Cincinnati responded with kicker Shayne Graham's 46-yard field goal and QB Carson Palmer's 11-yard TD pass to WR Chris Henry. In the second half, the Broncos took the lead with RB Mike Bell's 2-yard TD run in the third quarter and kicker Jason Elam's 24-yard field goal. Late in the game, the Bengals almost tied the game with Palmer completing a 10-yard TD pass to WR T. J. Houshmandzadeh. Fortunately, a botched snap resulted in failed PAT, giving Denver a one-point win. With the win, the Broncos improved to 9–6.
Week 17: vs. San Francisco 49ers.
"at Invesco Field at Mile High, Denver, Colorado"
To close off their season, the Broncos went into their last game of the regular season needing a win or a tie to make the playoffs. Coach Mike Shanahan went on record as saying he preferred it that way—he believed it would motivate his team to play well. Oddsmakers apparently believed so, too; the Broncos went in an 11-point favorite.
Denver looked strong early and led the visiting 49ers 13–3 at halftime, but San Francisco used a stingy goal-line defense and a heavy dose of NFC rushing champ Frank Gore to take a lead late into the second half. Cornerback Darrent Williams (playing in what would tragically be his final game) also left the game in the second half due to a shoulder injury. With just 90 seconds left on the clock, rookie QB Jay Cutler tossed a nine-yard touchdown to tie the game at 23. Neither team managed another score in regulation, and the game went to overtime.
The overtime period consisted of classic field-position football, with San Francisco steadily gaining field position but losing the battle with the clock. Despite two overtime possessions, Denver was unable to move the ball into field goal range. The Broncos might have been able to hold out for a tie or buy their exhausted defense enough rest to make a difference had they managed the clock better. Shanahan, however, either didn't think this would extend the team's season or wouldn't stoop to such tactics. Finally, the 49ers' Joe Nedney attempted a 36-yard field goal with just under two minutes left. He hooked it badly but the ball passed just inside the right goalpost, ending Denver's season.
With the loss, the Broncos dropped the record to 9–7 to finish the season.
Aftermath.
The final record was 9–7, and the Broncos did not qualify for the playoffs. On New Year's Day 2007, less than 12 hours after the last game ended, second-year cornerback Darrent Williams was shot and killed in a drive-by shooting. He was 24.
50 days after Williams died, running back Damien Nash died following a charity basketball game.
Jake Plummer retired after being traded to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, since Jay Cutler had become the new starter in Denver. He refused to battle with Jeff Garcia and Chris Simms for the starting job in Tampa Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="6930447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930447" title="Greek terracotta figurines">
Greek terracotta figurines

Terracotta figurines are a wide range of small figurines made throughout the time span of Ancient Greece, and one of the main types of Ancient Greek pottery. Early figures are typically religious, modelled by hand, and often found in large numbers at religious sites, left as votive offerings. Psi and phi type figurines are two very early and simple types, dating as far back as 1400 BCE. 
By the Hellenistic period, as well as a continuing production of religious figures, there was a near-industrial mass-production of sophisticated decorative figures, many of fashionably dressed women, which were often painted. These are the so-called Tanagra figurines, though Tanagra was only one centre of production. Figurines provide an invaluable testimony to the everyday life and religion of the ancient Greeks.
Techniques of manufacture.
Modelling.
Modelling is the most common and simplest technique for terracotta sculpture. It is also used for the realization of bronzes: the prototypes are made out of raw clay. The small sizes are directly worked with the hand. For the larger models, the coroplast ( "koroplástēs", maker of figurines) pressed the clay pellets or wads against a wooden restraint.
Molding.
The mold is obtained by application of a bed of clay or plaster on the prototype. Simple molds, used by the Greeks of the continent until the 4th century BC, are simply dried. Bivalvular molds, borrowed by the insular Greeks from the Egyptians, require cutting to obtain an obverse and a reverse, with which "keys" are sometimes associated protuberances allowing the two parts to fit better. When the piece becomes complicated, with important projections (arm, legs, head, clothing), the craftsman can cut out the mold in smaller parts. The piece is then dried.
The second phase consists of applying a layer of raw clay inside the mold, which can be incised beforehand in order to obtain effects of relief. The thinness of the layer varies according to the type of object to be realized. The faces of the mold are joined together, the object is then unmolded, and the craftsman can proceed to the final improvements, typically smoothing the junction. The craftsman also creates a small opening, a vent hole that allows steam to escape during the firing. The vent can also be used for assembly, allowing intervention inside the piece. The limbs are then joined to the body either by pasting them with slip, clay mixed with water, or by mortice and tenon joint.
Firing and completion.
The piece is then fired in the kiln, with temperature ranging from 600 to 800 °C. Once the figurine is fired, a slip can be applied. The slip is sometimes itself fired at low temperature. In the beginning, the range of colours available was rather limited: red, yellow, black and blue. From the Hellenistic era on, orange, pink mauve, and green were added to that repertoire. The pigments were natural mineral dyes: ochre for yellow and red, coal for black, malachite for green.
Religious functions.
Due to their low cost, figurines were widely used as religious offerings. That was their initial purpose, with the decorative aspect coming only later. Excavations at many ancient Greek temples have found abundant quantities of votive or funerary figurines and why there is almost no document written on their subject.
These figurines can present identification issues. These attributes make it possible to recognize a particular god in an unquestionable way, such as the bow for Artemis. Moreover, certain types of statuettes correspond to a precise form of worship related to a specific divinity. Sometimes, however, "visiting gods" complicate matters: these are figurines dedicated to a god who is not of that sanctuary. In addition, the great majority of the figurines simply represent a woman upright, without attribute. These latter figurines were offered in all sanctuaries, independently of the divinity.
The gift of figurines accompanied every moment of life. During pregnancy, future mothers had care to offer a figurine to Ilithyia, goddess of childbirth: the statuette represents a woman squatting, in full labor, according to the Eastern practice. Certain statuettes include a small cavity intended to receive smaller figurines, representative of their babies. During early childhood, figurines of squatting children were given —a representation of Eastern origin, arrived in Greece via Rhodes and Cyprus. The so-called "temple boys" were thought to protect children. Similar representations are also found in tombs. These figurines are of variable size, perhaps to indicate the age of the dead child. Their habit was to bury the dead accompanied by objects of daily custom: jewels, combs, figurines for the women; weapons and strigils for the men; figurines and toys for the children. Figurines were often voluntarily broken before being placed in the tomb.
The terracotta figurines were often purchased at the entry of the sanctuary. They were the offerings of the common people, who could not afford to dedicate more valuable objects. They were also used to replace offerings in kind, like animals or food. They were placed on the benches of the temples or close to the cult statue. They were also deposited in places of worship outdoors: Socrates recognized a sacred spring on seeing figurines on the ground ("Phaedrus" 230B). Figurines were dedicated to ask favours from a god as well as to thank him. When the figurines were too numerous in a temple, they were thrown in a "sacred dump". In that case, they are frequently broken to avoid recovery.
Ludic and decorative functions.
From the 4th century BCE, the figurines acquired a decorative function. They began to represent theatrical characters, such as Julius Pollux recounts in his "Onomasticon" (2nd century CE): the slave, the peasant, the nurse, the fat woman, the satyr from the satyr play, etc. Figurine features might be caricatured and distorted. By the Hellenistic era, the figurines became grotesques: deformed beings with disproportionate heads, sagging breasts or prominent bellies, hunchbacks and bald men. Grotesques were a speciality of the city of Smyrna, but also produced throughout the Greek world, including in Tarsus and Alexandria.
Tanagra figurines were a mold-cast type of figurine produced from the later fourth century BCE, primarily in the Boeotian town of Tanagra. They were coated with a liquid white slip before firing, and were sometimes painted afterwards in naturalistic tints with watercolors, such as the "Dame en Bleu" ("Lady in Blue") at the Louvre. Tanagra figures depict real women, and some men and boys, in everyday costume, with familiar accessories such as hats, wreaths or fans. They seem to have been decorative pieces for the home, used in much the same way as their modern equivalents, though unlike these they were often buried with their owners. Some character pieces may have represented stock figures from the New Comedy of Menander and other writers. Others continued an earlier tradition of molded terracotta figures used as cult images or votive objects. Typically they were about 10 to 20 centimeters high.
Terracotta was often used for dolls and other children's toys. Examples have been found of articulated figurines or small horses, easy to manipulate for small hands. Sometimes, the nature of a figurine is difficult to determine, such as the curious bell-idols from Boeotia, which appear at the end of the 8th century BCE. They were equipped with a long neck and a disproportionate body, cylindrical and lathe-shaped. The arms were atrophied and the legs mobile. The head was pierced with a hole to hang them. It is uncertain if they were toys or votive offerings.

</doc>
<doc id="6930448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930448" title="Messerschmitt microcar">
Messerschmitt microcar



</doc>
<doc id="6930463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930463" title="Campello, Switzerland">
Campello, Switzerland

Campello is a former municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, it was incorporated into the municipality of Faido along with the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Cavagnago, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco.
History.
Campello is first mentioned in 1400. According to the only partially confirmed tradition, the village emerged from the settlement of Fontanedo, which was completely abandoned by the mid-18th Century. Together with Calpiogna, Primadengo, Chinchengo and part of Faido, Campello belonged to the "Degagna" of Fichengo, which was one of the three "Degagne" that made up the "Vicinanza" of Faido. It became an independent municipality in 1853.
During the Middle Ages, Campello was the main town of the parish of Mairengo. In 1837 it was formed as an independent parish from the parish of Calpiogna. The parish church of S. Margherita, was built in 1632.
Throughout the 20th Century, a part of the population has emigrated to France (especially Lyon) and England. In the judicial district of Campello is the well-known village of Carì at an elevation of (originally Maiensäss), which, since 1950, has developed into one of the most popular alpine tourist resorts of the canton. It is now inhabited all year round, making Carì the highest permanent settlement in the Canton of Ticino.
Geography.
Campello has an area, , of . Of this area, or 11.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 28.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 5.1% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 26.5% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 3.0% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.8%. Out of the forested land, 22.7% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.0% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 8.8% is used for growing crops and 3.0% is used for alpine pastures. Of the unproductive areas, 20.7% is unproductive vegetation and 5.8% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Leventina district, above Faido at an elevation of on the southern slope of the mid-Leventina valley. The municipality was created in 1853 when it separated from Calpiogna.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Vert a rose Or between four fleurs-de-lis Argent."
Demographics.
Campello has a population () of . , 3.4% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 7.1%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (68.9%), with French being second most common (26.7%) and German being third (4.4%). Of the Swiss national languages (), two speak German, 12 people speak French, 31 people speak Italian.
, the gender distribution of the population was 54.8% male and 45.2% female. The population was made up of 33 Swiss men (53.2% of the population), and one (1.6%) non-Swiss man. There were 27 Swiss women (43.5%), and one (1.6%) non-Swiss woman.
In , there were no live births in the municipality and there was one death of a Swiss citizen. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by one while the foreign population remained the same. There was one Swiss man who immigrated back to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was a decrease of one and the non-Swiss population remained stable. This represents a population growth rate of −1.7%.
The age distribution, , in Campello is; two children or 3.2% of the population are between 0 and 9-years-old and three teenagers or 4.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 10 people or 16.1% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. Seven people or 11.3% are between 30 and 39, 7 people or 11.3% are between 40 and 49, and nine people or 14.5% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 15 people or 24.2% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, four people or 6.5% are between 70 and 79, and there are five people or 8.1% who are over 80.
, the average number of residents per living room was 0.53 which is fewer people per room than the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 54.5% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 22 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.0 persons per household. , there were 179 single family homes (or 80.6% of the total) out of a total of 222 inhabited buildings. There were 24 two-family buildings (10.8%) and 17 multi-family buildings (7.7%). There were also two buildings in the municipality that were multi-purpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. , there were 340 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the three-room apartment of which there were 115. There were 26 single room apartments and 74 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 22 apartments (6.5% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 318 apartments (93.5%) were seasonally occupied and zero apartments were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was zero new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election, the most popular party was the CVP which received 34.12% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the Ticino League (23.99%), the SP (20.95%) and the FDP (18.58%). In the federal election, a total of 37 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 64.9%.
In the , "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 55 registered voters in Campello, of which 41 or 74.5% voted. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 14 or 34.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with eight votes or 19.5%), the PLRT (with eight votes or 19.5%) and the LEGA (with seven votes or 17.1%).
In the , "Consiglio di Stato" election, the most popular party was the PPD which received 14 or 34.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with nine votes or 22.0%), the LEGA (with seven votes or 17.1%) and the LEGA (with even votes or 17.1%).
Economy.
, Campello had an unemployment rate of 0.83%. , there were three people employed in the primary economic sector and about one business involved in this sector. people were employed in the secondary sector and there were businesses in this sector. Seventeen people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 6 businesses in this sector. There were 20 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 20.0% of the workforce.
, there were nine workers who commuted away. The municipality is an exporter of workers. Of the working population, 10% used public transportation to get to work, and 30% used a private car.
, there were two hotels in Campello.
Religion.
From the , 37 or 82.2% were Roman Catholic, while five or 11.1% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are two individuals (or about 4.44% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and one individual (or about 2.22% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Campello, about 62.5% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Campello, there were a total of three students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Campello there were children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, students attended the standard primary schools and one student attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were no students in any lower secondary school.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There was one vocational student who was attending school full-time and one who attend part-time.
, there were six students from Campello who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6930467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930467" title="Cvu">
Cvu



</doc>
<doc id="6930469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930469" title="Public holidays in Cameroon">
Public holidays in Cameroon

Movable holidays.
The following holidays "are" public holidays but the date on which each occurs varies, according to its corresponding calendar, and thus has no set date.

</doc>
<doc id="6930471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930471" title="Hospital pharmacy">
Hospital pharmacy

A hospital pharmacy is a 
department within a hospital that prepares, compounds, stocks and dispenses inpatient medications. Hospital pharmacies usually stock a larger range of medications, including more specialized and investigational medications (medicines that are being studied, but have not yet been approved), than would be feasible in the community setting. Hospital pharmacies may also dispense over-the-counter and prescription medications to outpatients.
Hospital pharmacies may provide a huge quantity of medications per day which is allocated to the wards and to intensive care units according to a patient's medication schedule. Larger hospitals may use automated transport systems to aid in the efficient distribution of medications.
Hospital pharmacists and trained pharmacy technicians compound sterile products for patients such as total parenteral nutrition (TPN) and other medications given intravenously such as neonatal antibiotics and chemotherapy. Some hospital pharmacies may outsource high-risk preparations and some other compounding functions to companies that specialize in compounding.
Hospital pharmacists often report an interest in undertaking research, although identify barriers to doing so during routine practice. Many hospital pharmacists actively participating in research also have university affiliations.
Hospital pharmacists provide services to people admitted to hospitals as in-patients. The services provided include ensuring appropriate therapies are identified and in reducing medication errors. These services may be pharmacist-led interventions or part of interdisciplinary teams. They may further organise for medication reviews post-discharge. These services may be provided in person or via telehealth.
In the United States, hospital pharmacy was not a significant practice until the 1920s. In the 18th and 19th centuries, the medicine and pharmacy were commonly one practice, in which a medical apprentice would be responsible for the drug preparation..
Hospital pharmacists often require additional education support and professional development to develop advanced skills and specialisation. Many health services require junior pharmacists to undertake pharmacy residencies for skill development.

</doc>
<doc id="6930472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930472" title="Cavagnago">
Cavagnago

Cavagnago is a former municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, it was incorporated into the municipality of Faido along with the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Chironico, Mairengo and Osco.
History.
Cavagnago is first mentioned in 1270 as "Cavagnago". In the early 17th century, the hamlets of Segno, Mascengo and Codaghengo formed the village of Cavagnago which was a "Degagna" of the old "Vicinanza" of Giornico. In the Middle Ages, Cavagnago and Sobrio both worshiped at the 13th-century Chapel of St. Ambrose from Segno. The chapel had a massive romanesque clock tower and frescoes from the 15th-16th centuries. Cavagnago was part of the parish of Giornico, until it seceded in 1585, to form, with Sobrio, an independent parish. 1611 Sobrio parted from this parish. The Parish Church of St. Anna was first mentioned in 1567 and was renovated in 1934. It has a remarkable high altar in polychrome marble in the Milanese style and Roman style frontal crafted in the Scaglia style. Both pieces are from the 17th century.
In the 19th century Cavagnago was, despite high rate of emigration, still a thriving farming village. By the end of the 20th century there were still a few farms that had favorable terrain and were supported by numerous mountain pastures. The mountain pastures of Cavagnago also make a valued place for summer holidays.
Geography.
Cavagnago has an area, , of . Of this area, or 7.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 74.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 1.8% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 9.1% is unproductive land. Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.5% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.3%.
Out of the forested land, 67.7% of the total land area is heavily forested and 6.0% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 5.5% is used for growing crops and 1.5% is used for alpine pastures. Of the unproductive areas, 5.1% is unproductive vegetation and 4.0% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Leventina district, at an elevation of on the left slope of the lower Leventina valley. It is on the "Strada Alta" in the middle of the so-called "Traversa" (Calonico, Anzonico, Cavagnago, Sobrio).
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure in base of the mountains Argent an eagle voland holding in its claws a basket Gules." The basket symbolizes the position of the village, located in a kind of hollow.
Demographics.
Cavagnago has a population () of . , 7.1% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -7.4%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian(71.1%), with German being second most common (20.5%) and Portuguese being third ( 7.2%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 17 speak German, 1 person speaks, French, 59 people speak Italian. The remainder (6 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.4% male and 50.6% female. The population was made up of 38 Swiss men (44.7% of the population), and 4 (4.7%) non-Swiss men. There were 41 Swiss women (48.2%), and 2 (2.4%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 0 live births and there were 2 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 2 while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was a decrease of 3 and the non-Swiss population remained steady. This represents a population growth rate of -3.4%.
The age distribution, , in Cavagnago is; children or 0.0% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 5 teenagers or 5.9% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 6 people or 7.1% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 8 people or 9.4% are between 30 and 39, 9 people or 10.6% are between 40 and 49, and 14 people or 16.5% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 15 people or 17.6% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 15 people or 17.6% are between 70 and 79, and there are 13 people or 15.3% who are over 80.
 the average number of residents per living room was 0.44 which is fewer people per room than the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 68.2% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 44 private households in the municipality, and an average of 1.8 persons per household. there were 146 single family homes (or 93.0% of the total) out of a total of 157 inhabited buildings. There were 8 two family buildings (5.1%) and 2 multi-family buildings (1.3%). There were also 1 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 174 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 55. There were 5 single room apartments and 35 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 44 apartments (25.3% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 128 apartments (73.6%) were seasonally occupied and 2 apartments (1.1%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 32.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (25.58%), the FDP (25.32%) and the Ticino League (11.11%). In the federal election, a total of 50 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 59.5%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 87 registered voters in Cavagnago, of which 57 or 65.5% voted. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 17 or 29.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 14 or 24.6%), the PLRT (with 14 or 24.6%) and the SSI (with 9 or 15.8%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, The most popular party was the PPD which received 16 or 28.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 15 or 26.3%), the PLRT (with 13 or 22.8%) and the SSI (with 10 or 17.5%).
Economy.
, Cavagnago had an unemployment rate of 3.43%. , there were 17 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 7 businesses involved in this sector. 1 person was employed in the secondary sector and there was 1 business in this sector. 8 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 2 businesses in this sector. There were 34 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 35.3% of the workforce.
, there were 7 workers who commuted into the municipality and 13 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.9 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 5.9% used public transportation to get to work, and 50% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 65 or 78.3% were Roman Catholic, while 4 or 4.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 13 individuals (or about 15.66% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 1 individuals (or about 1.20% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Cavagnago about 48.8% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Cavagnago there were a total of 8 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Cavagnago there were children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 1 student attended the standard primary school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 3 students in the two-year middle school and 2 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 0 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 2 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 0 who attend part-time.
, there were 5 students from Cavagnago who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6930479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930479" title="Holidays in Cameroon">
Holidays in Cameroon



</doc>
<doc id="6930481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930481" title="Blood Cancer UK">
Blood Cancer UK

Blood Cancer UK, (formerly Bloodwise, Leukaemia &amp; Lymphoma Research and the Leukaemia Research Fund) is a UK-based charity dedicated to funding research into all blood cancers including leukaemia, lymphoma and myeloma, as well as offering information and support to blood cancer patients.
They invest money into blood cancer research to ensure that all patients have their disease diagnosed early and accurately, receive personal, targeted treatments which are effective and have minimal side effects in order to beat or manage their cancer.
History.
Blood Cancer UK was originally set up in 1960 as the Leukaemia Research Fund. The charity was started by the Eastwood family from Middlesbrough who began raising money following the death of their 6-year-old daughter Susan.
Since its foundation in 1960, Blood Cancer UK has invested over £500 million in a number of different research projects which have helped improve understanding, diagnosis and treatment of blood cancers.
In 2011 the charity launched a Trials Acceleration Programme (TAP) to enable quicker and greater access to new treatments which has subsequently received government recognition as a model of good practice. This programme aims to make the process of clinical trials quicker and easier within the UK. TAP links 13 treatment centres coordinated by a central hub in Birmingham to set up more clinical trials in blood cancer. Because of this geographical spread, it means 20 million people in the UK could have access to the very latest promising blood cancer treatments, if they needed it. Until 2015, 16 new clinical trials have either been opened or approved thanks to TAP.
In the financial year 2015, the charity has been able to invest £32.3 million in gross new grant commitments, one of the biggest commitments they've ever made (FY14: £23.2 million). A full list of the charity's current research projects can be found on the National Cancer Research Institute’s International Cancer Research Portfolio.
In 2010 the charity renamed itself Leukaemia and Lymphoma Research, and in 2015 it became Bloodwise. 
In November 2019 the charity announced they were changing their name to Blood Cancer UK because the name Bloodwise was "confusing to the public and beneficiaries and was unpopular among staff."
Activities.
The charity receives no government funding and is entirely dependent on voluntary donations from fundraising events or individuals in order to fund its research.
Fundraising Events: The charity holds a number of fundraising events throughout the year including several shows at the Royal Albert Hall and sports events such as The London Bikeathon, which is the largest independently organised bikeathon in the capital.
Sports Events: Supporters of the charity take part in a number of sporting events throughout the year. The events include running, cycling, swimming, triathlons and challenges. Their bright colourful t-shirts can often be seen at events up and down the country, as many supporters take part throughout the year as part of the charity's unstoppable sports team.
Information and support services.
Blood Cancer UK also writes and publishes patient information on a wide range of subjects including blood cancers and related disorders, treatment options and lifestyle issues, and booklets specifically designed for children with blood cancers.
Blood Cancer UK provides information for children, parents and many other people affected by blood cancers as well as detailed information on the various types of leukaemia, lymphoma and myeloma.
Specific types of blood cancer included are:
Celebrity supporters.
The charity has a number of celebrity supporters, including Alastair Campbell; their patron the Duke of Kent; Sir Ian Botham who is the Founding President of the charity; a significant number of the "Emmerdale" cast; George Rainsford, actor on British medical drama "Casualty"; Dolly Alderton and Pandora Sykes, co-hosts of "The High Low" podcast; Sam Heughan, star actor of Scottish time-travel drama "Outlander", and the Calendar Girls who have raised over £3 million with their story since 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="6930483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930483" title="Pederin">
Pederin

Pederin is a vesicant toxic amide with two tetrahydropyran rings, found in the haemolymph of the beetle genus "Paederus", including the Nairobi fly, belonging to the family Staphylinidae. It was first characterized by processing 25 million field-collected "P. fuscipes". It makes up approximately 0.025% of an insect's weight (for "P. fuscipes").
It has been demonstrated that the production of pederin relies on the activities of an endosymbiont ("Pseudomonas ssp.") within "Paederus".
The manufacture of pederin is largely confined to adult female beetles—larvae and males only store pederin acquired maternally (i.e., through eggs) or by ingestion.
Physical effects.
Skin contact with pederin from the coelomic fluid exuded from a female Paederus beetle causes Paederus dermatitis. This is a rash that varies from a slight erythema to severe blistering, depending on the concentration and duration of exposure. Treatment involves washing the irritated area with cool soapy water. Application of a topical steroid is also recommended for more intense exposures. These measures can significantly reduce the physical effects the toxin has on the affected area.
Synthesis.
An efficient total synthesis of pederin is known. Beginning with (+)-benzoylselenopederic acid, Zn(BH4)2 reduction is applied, introducing stereoselective reduction of the acyclic ketone. Michael addition of nitromethane is performed. After several steps of Moffatt oxidation, phenylselenation, hydrolysis, and reduction, pederic acid is reached.
The final steps of the synthesis of pederin are shown to the right. Here, pederic acid is added to the protected compound in LiHMDS and THF, producing a 75% yield. The protecting groups are then removed using TBAF and a hydrolytic quench. This step gives an 88% yield.
Mode of action.
Pederin blocks mitosis at levels as low as 1 ng/ml, by inhibiting protein and DNA synthesis without affecting RNA synthesis, prevents cell division, and has been shown to extend the life of mice bearing a variety of tumors. For these reasons, it has garnered interest as a potential anti-cancer treatment.
Uses.
Pederin and its derivatives are being researched as anticancer drugs. This family of compounds is able to inhibit protein and DNA biosynthesis, making it useful to slow the division of cancer cells. One derivative of pederin, psymberin, has been found to be highly selective in targeting solid tumor cells.

</doc>
<doc id="6930487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930487" title="Hazelton Township">
Hazelton Township

Hazelton Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="6930489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930489" title="Asian Club League Handball Championship">
Asian Club League Handball Championship

The Asian Men's Club League Handball Championship (AHF Club League Championship) is the annual international competition organised by Asian Handball Federation for the men's handball clubs of Asia. In addition to crowning the Asian champions, the tournament also serves as a qualifying tournament for the IHF Super Globe.
Summary.
" Played in February 2003.
" Played in June 2008.
" Played in February 2009.
" Played in March 2016.
"" Played in March 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6930490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930490" title="Run-up (aviation)">
Run-up (aviation)

In aviation, run-up, or runup, is the series of last-minute checks performed by pilots on an aircraft prior to take-off. Run-ups are also sometimes performed by aircraft mechanics. This could occur at a gate in between flights or elsewhere to test engines and diagnose engine problems.
Overview.
The checks performed during a run-up vary with the type of aircraft and (to a lesser extent) with the operating rules under which the flight is being conducted, "e.g.," instrument flight rules, visual flight rules, operation as a commercial carrier or private pilot, and so on. The term "run-up" alludes to engine checks that involve temporarily advancing the throttles to ensure that engines are capable of producing take-off thrust, although not all run-up procedures involve such checks.
A run-up area is a location at an airport where pilots can perform run-up checks of their aircraft. They exist because air blast from engine verification may cause problems for other aircraft or structures, so a special area where such checks will do no harm is set aside for them. They also allow aircraft to temporarily leave taxiways so that they don't obstruct ground traffic while the run-up is performed. For these reasons, run-up areas are typically located near runways.
Ground personnel safety.
For safety reasons, run-ups on large transport-category aircraft require the utmost coordination between the cockpit crew and the ground crew. On January 16, 2006 an experienced mechanic was inspecting the #2 engine of a Boeing 737-500 during a run-up when he accidentally positioned himself too close to the engine's intake. With the engine running near takeoff thrust, he was ingested into the engine and died as a result.
In late March 2020, an American Eagle CRJ doing an engine run-up caused a hangar to flip and land on its roof while also damaging two privately owned aircraft at San Luis Obispo airport.

</doc>
<doc id="6930491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930491" title="A hauteur d’hommes">
A hauteur d’hommes



</doc>
<doc id="6930496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930496" title="Hereford Lighthouse">
Hereford Lighthouse



</doc>
<doc id="6930497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930497" title="Charles Frank (actor)">
Charles Frank (actor)



</doc>
<doc id="6930499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930499" title="Hemiscylliidae">
Hemiscylliidae

The Hemiscylliidae are a family of sharks in the order Orectolobiformes, commonly known as longtail carpet sharks and sometimes bamboo sharks. They are found in shallow waters of the tropical Indo-Pacific.
They are relatively small sharks, with the largest species reaching no more than in adult body length. They have elongated, cylindrical bodies, with short barbels and large spiracles. As their common name suggests, they have unusually long tails, which exceed the length of the rest of their bodies. They are sluggish fish, feeding on bottom-dwelling invertebrates and smaller fish.
Genera and species.
"Chiloscyllium".
This genus is distinguished by a relatively long snout with subterminal nostrils. The eyes and supraorbital ridges are hardly elevated. The mouth is closer to the eyes than to the tip of the snout, with lower labial folds usually connected across the chin by a flap of skin. The pectoral and pelvic fins are thin and not very muscular. No black hood on the head or large black spot on the side is present (though juveniles often are strongly marked with dark spots/bars).
"Hemiscyllium".
This genus is confined to tropical waters of Australia, Papua New Guinea, and Indonesia, but an individual from this genus, possibly representing an undescribed species, has been photographed at the Seychelles. They have short snouts with the nostrils placed almost at the tip, and well-elevated eyes and supraorbital ridges. The mouth is closer to the tip of the snout than the eyes, and lacks the connecting dermal fold across the chin. The pectoral and pelvic fins are thick and heavily muscular. Either a black hood on the head or a large black spot on the sides of the body is present.
Nine recognized species are in this genus:
Captivity.
Hemiscylliid sharks are sometimes kept in home aquaria. Species from this family are ideal aquarium sharks because their natural habitats are tidepools, coral beds, and around boulders. This predisposition towards relatively confined spaces helps them adapt better to home aquaria compared to other species. Their generally small size for sharks, and their preference for water temperatures comparable to those enjoyed by other common aquarium fish, have also endeared them to marine aquarists. Multiple species of hemiscylliids have been successfully induced to breed in captivity.
Full-sized adult epaulette sharks are most successfully housed in tanks at or exceeding , while adult bamboo sharks require more space and are known to do well in aquaria. Hemiscyliids in captivity are provided artificial caves in which to hide. However, unstable tank decor has been known to cause fatal injuries when the structure is disturbed by the sharks' digging behavior.
Parthenogenesis.
The British press on February 10, 2016, reported that a bamboo shark at Great Yarmouth’s Sea Life Centre was pregnant with two fertilized eggs. It is known that the shark has not come into contact with any other bamboo sharks since 2013. Although parthenogenesis is observed in a small number of species, this is such a rare occurrence in this species that it became a news story.

</doc>
<doc id="6930501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930501" title="Shitsu">
Shitsu



</doc>
<doc id="6930507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930507" title="Chironico">
Chironico

Chironico is a former municipality located in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, it was incorporated into the municipality of Faido along with the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Mairengo and Osco.
History.
Chironico is first mentioned in 1202 as "Cuirono". The village lies on a terrace that was partly created by a prehistoric landslide on the opposite side of the valley. The core of the settlement, is made up of the sections of Grumo and Nivo, the latter is the only one in the valley bottom. Above the village center, situated on steeply sloping rock terraces are the settlements of Cala, Doro, Olina, and Osadigo Chiesso. These poorly developed and almost entirely surrounded by farmland settlements are difficult to classify: it can not determine whether they are mountain pasture camps ("maggenghi") or proper villages. The mountain village of Gribbio has a road connection, which however is not accessible in winter once the snows fall.
Most of the settlements have chapels that were built in the 16th-18th Centuries. In the past they were inhabited during a large part of the year, and during the Middle Ages may have been occupied year round. At one time they were of crucial importance for the economic and social life of the village, now they have been partially turned into holiday resorts. For centuries, many of the residents emigrated, initially to Italy and starting in the 19th Century to France and England.
From the old "Vicinanza" of Chironico, which included four or five Degagna, six municipal corporations (or "patriziali") have emerged, though they are usually no longer owners of the pastures that they used to use.
In the main core of Chironico, with its typical block buildings, is the small church of S. Ambrogio with a medieval twin apsis and remarkable frescoes. Near the church is the Pedrini tower a six-story residential building probably dating from the first half of the 13th Century. On the outskirts of the village is the medieval parish church of S. Maurizio, in which some testimonies of immigrants who were working as innkeepers in Venice, and a valuable martyrology from 14th-15th Centuries is kept.
During the Middle Ages, the main mule track in the valley led through Chironico.
Geography.
Chironico has an area, , of . Of this area, or 1.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 40.2% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 1.0% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.3% is either rivers or lakes and or 42.6% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.4% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.5%. Out of the forested land, 25.2% of the total land area is heavily forested, while 12.7% is covered in small trees and shrubbery and 2.3% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.7% is used for growing crops. Of the water in the municipality, 0.4% is in lakes and 0.9% is in rivers and streams. Of the unproductive areas, 14.1% is unproductive vegetation and 28.5% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Leventina district, on the right slope of the mid-Leventina valley at an elevation of . The municipality stretches from the Ticino river at the "Biaschina-Schlucht" (elevation ) up to the Pizzo Campo Tencia () in the upper "Piumogna" valley. The core of the settlement, is made up of the sections of Grumo and Nivo, the latter is the only one in the valley bottom. Above the village center, situated on steeply sloping rock terraces are the settlements of Cala, Doro, Olina, and Osadigo Chiesso. The mountain village of Gribbio has a road connection.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules a pilgrim clead Sable and a chief Argent lined with walls line embatteled "alla Ghibellina"."
Demographics.
Chironico has a population () of . , 4.0% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -7.3%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian(87.8%), with German being second most common ( 6.9%) and Serbo-Croatian being third ( 4.5%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 28 speak German, 354 people speak Italian, and 1 person speaks Romansh. The remainder (20 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.1% male and 49.9% female. The population was made up of 196 Swiss men (48.4% of the population), and 7 (1.7%) non-Swiss men. There were 193 Swiss women (47.7%), and 9 (2.2%) non-Swiss women.
In there was 1 live birth to Swiss citizens and 3 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 2 while the foreign population remained the same. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was a decrease of 6 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 2 people. This represents a population growth rate of -2.0%.
The age distribution, , in Chironico is; 26 children or 6.4% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 49 teenagers or 12.1% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 37 people or 9.1% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 50 people or 12.3% are between 30 and 39, 72 people or 17.8% are between 40 and 49, and 56 people or 13.8% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 46 people or 11.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 38 people or 9.4% are between 70 and 79, there are 31 people or 7.7% who are over 80.
 the average number of residents per living room was 0.56 which is about equal to the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 76.1% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 185 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.2 persons per household. there were 339 single family homes (or 85.2% of the total) out of a total of 398 inhabited buildings. There were 36 two family buildings (9.0%) and 13 multi-family buildings (3.3%). There were also 10 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 462 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 135. There were 38 single room apartments and 121 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 184 apartments (39.8% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 271 apartments (58.7%) were seasonally occupied and 7 apartments (1.5%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 2.4 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Church of S. Ambrogio and the Torre Pedrini are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance. The entire village of Chironico is listed as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 43.92% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (19.37%), the FDP (13.95%) and the Ticino League (12.91%). In the federal election, a total of 224 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 64.7%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 340 registered voters in Chironico, of which 271 or 79.7% voted. 2 blank ballots were cast, leaving 269 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 118 or 43.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 45 or 16.7%), the PLRT (with 41 or 15.2%) and the SSI (with 31 or 11.5%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 2 blank ballots were cast, leaving 269 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 117 or 43.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 47 or 17.5%), the PLRT (with 38 or 14.1%) and the LEGA (with 34 or 12.6%).
Economy.
, Chironico had an unemployment rate of 1.75%. , there were 34 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 12 businesses involved in this sector. 54 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 5 businesses in this sector. 20 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 9 businesses in this sector. There were 164 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 34.1% of the workforce.
, there were 34 workers who commuted into the municipality and 98 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 2.9 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 7.9% used public transportation to get to work, and 60.4% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Chironico.
Religion.
From the , 342 or 84.9% were Roman Catholic, while 9 or 2.2% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 48 individuals (or about 11.91% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 4 individuals (or about 0.99% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Chironico about 66.8% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Chironico there were a total of 61 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Chironico there were 9 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 13 students attended the standard primary schools and 0 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 16 students in the two-year middle school and 0 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 10 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 3 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 7 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 3 students in the professional program.
, there were 35 students from Chironico who attended schools outside the municipality.
Sports and exercise.
Rock climbing.
One of the hardest boulder problems in the world (and the hardest in Switzerland), "Alphane" , is located in Chironico.

</doc>
<doc id="6930512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930512" title="Dalpe">
Dalpe

Dalpe is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
In Dalpe a small cemetery from a 5th-century BC Golasecca culture settlement was discovered. Dalpe is first mentioned in 1217 as "Albe". In the 13th century the Gotthard route went through Faido to Cornon and Prato. Dalpe and Cornon formed a "Degagna" within the "Vicinanza" of Prato.
The church is first mentioned in 1338, the church in Cornon is from the late 15th century. In 1640, Dalpe broke away from the parish of Prato and became an independent parish. The parish church of SS Bernardo e Carlo is from 1661.
In 1866, the "Vicinanza" of Dalpe separated from Prato and formed a separate civil parish. Due to emigration to France, the population decreased strongly in the 2nd half of the 19th century. It wouldn't increase until 1941–1960, when it increased slightly, due to the establishment of a construction company. Road construction starting in 1957 made Dalpe into an attractive summer resort in the Levantine and promoted the construction of second homes. The first road to the village opened in 1904. In 1940, a marble quarry opened, but closed shortly thereafter due to the war. For centuries cattle have been the main source of revenue, but now it employs only a few families. In 1998, the municipality began building a small hydroelectric power plant, which is fed by the river Piumogna.
Geography.
Dalpe has an area, , of . Of this area, or 6.7% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 46.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 1.5% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.2% is either rivers or lakes and or 31.5% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.2% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.2%. Out of the forested land, 38.3% of the total land area is heavily forested and 4.4% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 5.5% is used for growing crops and 1.2% is used for alpine pastures. Of the water in the municipality, 0.2% is in lakes and 1.0% is in rivers and streams. Of the unproductive areas, 12.1% is unproductive vegetation and 19.5% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Leventina district, on a terrace at an elevation of above the Piottino. It consists of the village of Dalpe with the settlement of Cornone.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Argent a cross Gules in canton a letter D of the same and overall a border Or". This is the same as the coat of arms of the Leventina district but with inverted colors and a letter D in place of the hand. The white background alludes to the name of the commune which appears on antique documents under the form "Albe", derived from Latin "Albus" which means white.
Demographics.
Dalpe has a population () of . , 8.5% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 0%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (96.8%), with German being second most common ( 1.3%) and French being third ( 0.6%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 2 speak German, 1 person speaks, French, 153 people speak Italian. The remainder (2 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.4% male and 48.6% female. The population was made up of 81 Swiss men (44.8% of the population), and 12 (6.6%) non-Swiss men. There were 85 Swiss women (47.0%), and 3 (1.7%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 6 live births to Swiss citizens and there was 1 death of a Swiss citizen. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 5 while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 non-Swiss man who emigrated from Switzerland to another country and 1 non-Swiss woman who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was an increase of 7 and the non-Swiss population remained constant. This represents a population growth rate of 3.8%.
The age distribution, , in Dalpe is; 10 children or 5.5% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 12 teenagers or 6.6% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 26 people or 14.4% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 20 people or 11.0% are between 30 and 39, 15 people or 8.3% are between 40 and 49, and 39 people or 21.5% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 28 people or 15.5% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 21 people or 11.6% are between 70 and 79, there are 10 people or 5.5% who are over 80.
, there were 70 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.2 persons per household. there were 179 single family homes (or 80.3% of the total) out of a total of 223 inhabited buildings. There were 22 two family buildings (9.9%) and 14 multi-family buildings (6.3%). There were also 8 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 278 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 93. There were 3 single room apartments and 93 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 70 apartments (25.2% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 205 apartments (73.7%) were seasonally occupied and 3 apartments (1.1%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 32.35% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (30.1%), the Ticino League (15.47%) and the SP (13.64%). In the federal election, a total of 93 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 59.6%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 148 registered voters in Dalpe, of which 116 or 78.4% voted. 2 blank ballots were cast, leaving 114 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 29 or 25.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 29 or 25.4%), the PPD+GenGiova (with 26 or 22.8%) and the PS (with 13 or 11.4%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 115 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 28 or 24.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 27 or 23.5%), the LEGA (with 23 or 20.0%) and the LEGA (with 23 or 20.0%).
Economy.
, Dalpe had an unemployment rate of 1.67%. , there were 13 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 4 businesses involved in this sector. 42 people were employed in the secondary sector and there was 1 business in this sector. 8 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 5 businesses in this sector. There were 78 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 34.6% of the workforce.
, there were 36 workers who commuted into the municipality and 33 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 1.1 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. Of the working population, 6.4% used public transportation to get to work, and 56.4% used a private car. , there was one hotel in Dalpe.
Religion.
From the , 145 or 91.8% were Roman Catholic, while 2 or 1.3% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 9 individuals (or about 5.70% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 2 individuals (or about 1.27% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Dalpe about 70.6% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Dalpe there were a total of 17 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Dalpe there was 1 child in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 3 students attended the standard primary schools and 0 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 5 students in the two-year middle school and 0 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 2 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 4 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 1 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.

</doc>
<doc id="6930514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930514" title="Claybord">
Claybord

Claybord Black is a clay coated hardboard panel for scratchboard that is coated with India ink. Comparable to traditional paper scratchboard, it’s more durable and easier to scratch into for cleaner and crisper details and lines. The surface is made of a special clay coating that allows for precise detail and fine lines in drawing, painting, and other artistic techniques. The black background provides a striking contrast for white or colored mediums, making artwork stand out. Artists often use Claybord Black for techniques such as scratchboard, scratch art, and ink drawing. For added dimension, colored inks can be added to the white areas and then scratched again for additional highlights and volume.
Ingredients.
The exact ingredients, which are used in making Claybord, like many proprietary art materials, depend of the manufacturer. However, based on general knowledge of similar art surfaces and materials, Claybord likely include the following ingredients:

</doc>
<doc id="6930517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930517" title="The University Match">
The University Match

The University Match is an annual cricket fixture between Oxford University Cricket Club and Cambridge University Cricket Club. First played in 1827, it is the oldest varsity match in the world. 
Until 2001, when first-class cricket was reorganised, the University Match was a three-day first-class fixture, played at Lord's. Subsequently, it was replaced with a one-day University Match played at Lord's and a four-day first-class fixture played alternately at Fenner's and The Parks. The 2021 one-day match was the last to be played at Lord's and, from 2022, the one-day University Match has been played at Arundel Castle. One-off twenty-over matches for men and women were arranged at Lord's in 2022. In February 2022, the MCC announced that, from 2023, the twenty-over fixtures would no longer be held at Lord's. Following opposition from a section of its membership, the club decided that the twenty-over matches would continue to be held at Lord's in 2023 to allow time for further consultation. In March 2023, it was announced that the twenty-over fixture would continue to be played at Lord's until at least 2027, following which there would be a review and a possible vote in 2028 on whether the matches should remain at Lord's.
These twenty-over matches are not to be confused with the 'University Matches' for which colours are awarded. Cambridge award a blue for both the one-day and four-day games and Oxford award a blue for the four-day game only. Blues are not awarded for the twenty-over match. At the same time, Oxford players have also played in the Oxford University Centre of Cricketing Excellence (Oxford UCCE, also including Oxford Brookes University, now superseded by the Oxford MCCU), and Cambridge players in the Cambridge University Centre of Cricketing Excellence (Cambridge UCCE, including Anglia Ruskin University and now the Cambridge MCCU). However, only those at Oxford and Cambridge Universities are eligible to play in the University Match(es).
The four-day match lost its first-class status after the 2020 fixture.
History.
The match was first played in 1827, at Lord's, at the instigation of Charles Wordsworth, making it the oldest intercollegiate sporting event in the world. Wordsworth was also responsible for founding The Boat Race in 1829. 
The next two University matches were in 1829 and 1836. From 1838 it has been played annually, except for the war years of 1915–1918 and 1940–45. (From 1941 to 1945, a one-day fixture was played at Lord's, but these matches are not counted in the official records.) Lord's was to become its permanent venue from 1851 to 2000, but five of the early matches were played in the vicinity of Oxford.
It was traditionally an annual three-day first-class fixture. From the 1830s until 1939, it was among the most important fixtures of the season, attracting large crowds and widespread press coverage. Over three hundred thousand people watched the University match between 1871 and 1887. It was still a major social, as well as sporting, event as recently as just after World War II . According to "The Cricketer" (1954), the 1954 match attracted over 13,000 paying spectators as well as MCC members.
In terms of the clubs concerned, the University Match was the oldest first-class fixture still being played in 2020, its final year with first-class status. Matches between county teams prior to formation of the current county clubs have a longer history, with the oldest known county fixture between Kent and Surrey, which dates back to 1709 at least.
Despite never matriculating, Tom Wills was allowed to play for Cambridge in the 1856 match. He went on to found Australian rules football and coach the first Australian cricket team to tour England.
Some of the most dramatic matches in the long history of the fixture occurred in the 1870s. The first of these was 'Cobden's Match' in 1870. F. C. Cobden took the last three Oxford wickets in consecutive balls to give Cambridge victory by 2 runs. The following year S. E. Butler took 10–38 in the Cambridge first innings (the only instance of a bowler taking all ten), followed by five more wickets in the second innings. In 1873 Oxford won by only three wickets. The 1875 match was almost as close an affair as that in 1870. Needing 175 to win, Cambridge were 161–7 at one point, but were all out for 168 to lose by six runs.
Another notable match was in 1923, which became known as the "Thunderstorm match". Oxford had run up a good score, and a torrential storm for much of the night rendered the pitch almost unplayable, so that Cambridge were quickly dismissed in two innings.
William Yardley of Cambridge has the distinction of scoring the first two hundreds made in the series: 100 in 1870 in Cobden's Match and 130 in 1872.
Robin Marlar's bowling figures for Cambridge are worth noting:
Players who became (or in a few instances were already) famous to have appeared in the match include: Alfred Lyttelton (Cantab. 1876–9), Allan Steel (Cantab. 1878–81), Stanley Jackson (Cantab. 1890–3), C. B. Fry (Ox. 1892–5), K. S. Ranjitsinhji (Cantab. 1893), Pelham Warner (Ox. 1895–6), Gilbert Jessop (Cantab. 1896–9), R. E. Foster (Ox. 1897–1900), Bernard Bosanquet (Ox. 1898–1900), Percy Chapman (Cantab. 1920–2), Douglas Jardine (Ox. 1920–1, 1923), Gubby Allen (Cantab. 1922–3), K. S. Duleepsinhji (Cantab. 1925–8), Nawab of Pataudi snr (Ox. 1929–31), Ken Farnes (Cantab. 1931–3), Martin Donnelly (Ox. 1946–7), Abdul Kardar (Ox. 1947–9), Peter May (Cantab. 1950–2), David Sheppard (Cantab. 1950–2), Colin Cowdrey (Ox. 1952–4), M. J. K. Smith (Ox. 1954–6), Ted Dexter (Cantab. 1956–8), Nawab of Pataudi jnr (Ox. 1960–1, 1963), Tony Lewis Cantab 1960–62), Mike Brearley (Cantab. 1961–4), Majid Khan (Cantab. 1971–3), Imran Khan (Ox. 1973–5) and Mike Atherton (Cantab. 1987, 1989). It can be seen that the majority were batsmen rather than bowlers and that the 1890s and 1950s to early 1960s were particularly fertile periods. At the time of writing, the most recent Oxbridge international cricketers are Ed Smith (Cantab. 1996–7) in Tests, and James Dalrymple (Ox. 2001–3) in limited-overs internationals.
From 2001 the match has been replaced by two fixtures each year: a one-day match played at Lord's and a four-day fixture (first-class up to and including 2020) played in alternate years at Fenner's in Cambridge and The Parks in Oxford. Blues are awarded to those appearing in either match for Cambridge players but only to Oxford players who appear in the four-day game. Unless otherwise stated, statistics quoted in this article are for the first-class fixtures only.
In 2008, for the first time a Twenty20 fixture was also played.
The 2020 four-day match was delayed until September because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Records.
Results.
Up to and including 2020, 176 first-class matches were scheduled. Cambridge won 61, Oxford won 58, 56 were drawn and one match (in 1988) was abandoned without a ball being bowled. From 2021, whilst no longer first-class, the four-day University Match has been played under first-class conditions. Cambridge has won 1, Oxford 1 with 3 draws.
The one-day University Match has been scheduled on 24 occasions (as of 2025). Cambridge won 9, Oxford won 13 and three have been abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="6930518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930518" title="Kansas City Power and Light Company">
Kansas City Power and Light Company

Kansas City Power and Light Company was an electric utility company serving the Kansas City metropolitan area. It was a wholly owned subsidiary of Great Plains Energy of which it was the biggest component. The company traces its roots to November 1881 when Joseph S. Chick obtained the exclusive rights to use the Thompson-Houston arc lighting system in the counties of Jackson, Missouri, and Wyandotte, Kansas, for $4,000. The following month, the initial franchise to establish an electric works in the City of Kansas, Mo., was granted to Lysander R. Moore and later assigned to "Kawsmouth Electric Light Company". Construction was begun in February 1882 on a power plant on a tract of land at the southeast corner of 8th and Santa Fe Streets in the West Bottoms. Kawsmouth Electric Light Company built quickly and, on Saturday night, May 13, 1882, brought electric illumination to the first 13 customers on the west side of Main Street in the downtown district. In 1885 the company reincorporated as "Kansas City Electric Light Company".
Weeks spun off the "Edison Electric Light &amp; Power Company" to meet residential demand. An electric war ensued when in 1883 J. Ogden Armour, heir to the Armour Packing Company purchased the company on May 14, 1900, to power the Metropolitan Street Railway Company and Kansas City Electric Light Company. Under Armour the company bought competitors and built a new power plant in 1903, providing steam heat to downtown businesses. The company focused on the trolley company and in 1911 it went into receivership. In October 1917, the company spun off the trolley business (which still controlled some power plants) and emerged from bankruptcy as "Kansas City Light &amp; Power Company" under the leadership of President Joseph F. Porter. Porter saw the weakened company's most urgent needs were for more efficient plants and energy. Thus in 1917 he began construction on the Northeast Power station, the company's first modern generating complex.
In June 1919, the company reincorporated again, as "Kansas City Power and Light Company". After acquiring the Carroll County Electric Company on July 29, 1922, the reorganized company became Kansas City Power &amp; Light Company, adopting the ampersand and corporate name that continues to this day. Armour sold his interest in 1923. Continental Gas &amp; Electric Corporation purchased the controlling interest in 1924 and was part of United Light and Power until United dissolved in 1950. 
Under Porter's 21-year leadership, capitalization rose from $7 million to $82.5 million. Assured of a strong financial base, Porter ordered the construction of the 32- story Kansas City Power and Light Building in 1931.
The Hawthorn Station, situated on the Missouri River, was started in 1948, and the first of two units were completed in 1951. Two other units followed and were fully operational by 1956. Kansas City Power became independent in 1950. It acquired Eastern Kansas Utilities in 1952. It was part of a consortium that built Wolf Creek Nuclear Generating Station in Burlington, Kansas. In a 2001 corporate restructure it became part of Great Plains Energy Incorporated.
In September 2009, KCP&amp;L moved into its new building, One Kansas City Place at 1200 Main in KCMO, just 1 block west of Kansas City's Power and Light district. The lease is going to be 23 years long.
In 2016, KCP&amp;L and Westar announced merger plans, but this proposed merger was rejected by Kansas Corporation Commission utility regulators as unfavorable to Kansas consumers. A new merger plan with KCP&amp;L was announced in 2017. As of May 24, 2018, this merger has been approved by both the Missouri Public Service Commission and the Kansas Corporation Commission, with the combined company to be named Evergy. KCP&amp;L and Westar became the two operating companies of Evergy.
On October 7, 2019 the two operating companies officially changed names and rebranded to Evergy in the communities they serve.

</doc>
<doc id="6930525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930525" title="2006 St. Louis Rams season">
2006 St. Louis Rams season

The 2006 season was the St. Louis Rams' 69th in the National Football League (NFL) and their 12th in St. Louis. The season began with the Rams trying to improve on their 6–10 record from 2005 under new head coach Scott Linehan. This was the Rams last non-losing season in St. Louis as the franchise would go on a ten-season losing record streak until 2017 in Los Angeles.
Offseason.
Scott Linehan was named head coach of the St. Louis Rams on January 19, 2006. He previously served as the offensive coordinator for the Miami Dolphins. On January 24, Jim Haslett, the former head coach of the New Orleans Saints, signed a three-year deal to become the Rams new defensive coordinator.
On March 17, 2006, the Rams signed former Miami Dolphins QB Gus Frerotte to a three-year deal.
During the free agency period, the Rams signed DT La'Roi Glover, LB Will Witherspoon and S Corey Chavous.
In the 2006 NFL draft, the Rams used their first pick on Clemson CB Tye Hill. They used the next pick on Colorado TE Joe Klopfenstein. The remaining picks were LSU DT Claude Wroten, USC TE Dominique Byrd, Stanford LB Jon Alston, Indiana DE Victor Adeyanju, Virginia WR Marques Hagans, Northwestern LB Tim McGarigle, Minnesota Guard Mark Setterstrom, and Missouri Guard Tony Palmer.
On Friday, September 1, 2006, the Rams signed former Carolina Panthers RB Stephen Davis a one-year contract.
The Rams also signed defensive tackle Jason Fisk to pair with La'Roi Glover.
Schedule.
In the 2006 regular season, the Rams’ non-divisional, conference opponents were primarily from the NFC North, although they also played the Washington Redskins from the NFC East, and the Carolina Panthers from the NFC South. Their non-conference opponents were from the AFC West.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Regular season.
Week 1: vs. Denver Broncos.
The Rams opened the regular season at home against the Denver Broncos on September 10 with a Rams' 18–10 win. Jeff Wilkins scored all of the Rams' points by kicking six field goals, a franchise record for a single game (from 51, 48, 26, 38, 29 and 24 yards), and became the first Ram player to score 1000 points in a career. Wilkins also tied a franchise record of seven field goal attempts in one game which was first accomplished by Bob Waterfield on December 9, 1951. The Rams were unable to score a touchdown all game and went 0 for 5 in the red zone.
The defense allowed just one touchdown and forced five turnovers. Three of these turnovers were interceptions, from a team that only allowed seven interceptions all of last season. First round draft pick Tye Hill intercepted a pass by Jake Plummer with 12:02 in the second quarter. It was his first in his NFL career. The defense also sacked Jake Plummer four times in the game, with Leonard Little accounting for two of them.
Isaac Bruce passed Henry Ellard and Shannon Sharpe for 11th most receptions in an NFL career with his five receptions for 64 yards.
Center Andy McCollum injured his left knee with 7:39 left in the second quarter and was out for the rest of the game. On September 11, 2006 it was announced that McCollum will miss the entire season and will undergo knee surgery. With the win, the Rams began their season 1–0.
Week 2: at San Francisco 49ers.
The Rams visited division rival San Francisco 49ers on September 17 for their home opener. The 49ers increased their winning streak against the Rams to three, beating the Rams 20–13.
With 11:10 left in the first quarter, Alex Smith completed a 56-yard pass to Arnaz Battle, setting up a 32-yard field goal by Joe Nedney. At the beginning of the second quarter, Corey Chavous recovered a Frank Gore fumble at the Rams 3-yard line. The Rams moved the ball sixty yards down the field setting up a 49-yard Jeff Wilkins field goal. The Rams scored their first touchdown of the season with a 3-yard pass from Marc Bulger to Torry Holt with 2:21 left in the half, giving the Rams a 10–3 lead going into the half.
With 14:12 left in the third quarter, the 49ers tied the game at ten with a Gore 32-yard touchdown run. The 49ers took the lead at 10:54 in the third quarter with a 72-yard pass from Smith to Antonio Bryant. Each team had a field goal in the fourth quarter. Wilkins hit a 40-yard field goal with 11:06 in the fourth, and Nedney had a 20-yard field goal with 5:23 in the fourth.
Bulger was sacked six times in the game and completed 19 of 34 attempts for 147 yards. Steven Jackson had 103 yards on the ground on 22 carries, along with 2 receptions for 21 yards. Will Witherspoon also had a good game making 13 tackles and forcing one fumble. The Rams had 118 total yards during the second half.
Left tackle Orlando Pace left the game at the half with a concussion. He was taken to a hospital in the bay area where a CAT scan turned up negative. Linebacker Pisa Tinoisamoa dislocated his elbow in the third quarter, and missed the rest of the game. With the loss, the Rams fell to 1–1.
Week 3: at Arizona Cardinals.
The Rams traveled to Glendale, Arizona for their first game in the new Cardinals Stadium.
With 11:28 left in the first quarter of play, Matt Turk kicked a 31-yard punt giving the Cardinals the ball on the Saint Louis 45. Nine plays later, Kurt Warner threw a 12-yard touchdown pass to Larry Fitzgerald. This gave the Cardinals a 7–0 lead with 7:04 left in the quarter.
With 11:28 left in the second quarter, Jeff Wilkins hit a 26-yard field goal to put the Rams on the board 7–3. On the Cardinals next drive, Warner was intercepted by O.J. Atogwe giving the Rams the ball on their own 6-yard line. Marc Bulger hit Torry Holt for gains of 42, 26 and 9 yards during the drive, with the final catch ending in a touchdown. It was the second touchdown for Holt and the Rams for the 2006 season. The very first play of the next Cardinals drive, Warner was intercepted again by Fakhir Brown. The Rams drove the ball down the field for 16 yards setting up a Wilkins 47-yard field goal to end the half, giving the Rams a 13–7 lead. Wilkins kicked another field goal with 8:08 left in the third quarter increasing the Rams lead 16–7.
With 4:13 left in the fourth quarter, the Cardinals ended a 16-play, 87-yard drive with a 9-yard Edgerrin James run for a touchdown cutting the Rams lead 16–14. With 1:58 left to play, Bulger fumbled the ball at the Saint Louis 30. It was recovered by Arizona's Antonio Smith. Yet, on the third play of the drive, Warner fumbled the snap and the Rams' Will Witherspoon recovered the ball. The Rams ran the clock out and won the game 16–14.
Rookie Victor Adeyanju got his first start in the game, replacing Anthony Hargrove who did not show up for meetings and practices. With the win, the Rams improved to 2–1.
Week 4: vs. Detroit Lions.
Hoping to build on their road win over the Cardinals, the Rams returned home for a match-up with the Detroit Lions and their offensive coordinator, former Rams head coach Mike Martz. In the first quarter, the Rams kicker Jeff Wilkins kicked a 42-yard and a 19-yard field goal to begin the game. The Lions kicker Jason Hanson kicked a 29-yard field goal. St. Louis distanced themselves, as QB Marc Bulger completed a 16-yard TD pass to rookie TE Joe Klopfenstein. In the second quarter, Lions QB Jon Kitna and WR Mike Furrey hooked up with each other on two touchdown passes (a 1-yarder and a 10-yarder), but the Rams retook the lead with Wilkins completing a 46-yard field goal. In the third quarter, St. Louis gained even more points, as Bulger connected with WR Torry Holt on a 16-yard TD strike. Detroit got a 20-yard field goal from Hanson and RB Kevin Jones ran 35 yards for a touchdown, but the Rams had their RB, Steven Jackson, get a 1-yard TD run to add to their lead. In the fourth quarter, Jones ran for a 7-yard TD strike. The Rams closed out the game with a win, as Wilkins completed a 47-yard field goal and Bulger completed a 5-yard TD pass to WR Isaac Bruce. With the win, the Rams improved to 3–1.
Week 5: at Green Bay Packers.
First-year coaches Scott Linehan and Mike McCarthy faced off against each other in Lambeau Field on October 8, 2006.
On the Packers’ first possession of the game, Vernand Morency fumbled the ball and it was recovered by rookie Victor Adeyanju. This gave the Rams the ball at the Packers' 37. Six plays later, Marc Bulger passed the ball to Torry Holt for a 6-yard touchdown pass. Jeff Wilkins hit the extra point giving the Rams the lead with 9:49 left in the first quarter. The Packers answered with a 15-play 80-yard touchdown drive that ended in a Noah Herron 1-yard touchdown run. Dave Rayner made the extra point tying the game at seven.
One the first possession of the second quarter, Dave Rayner connected on a 27-yard field goal, giving the Packers a 10–7 lead with 13:12 left in the quarter. Marc Bulger completed a 3-yard pass to Kevin Curtis for a touchdown with 3:33 left in the quarter. Jeff Wilkins made the extra point giving the Rams a 14–10 lead. The Packers connected on a 32-yard field goal with 0:03 left in the quarter cutting the lead down to one.
The only points in the third quarter were on a 31-yard field goal by Wilkins, increasing the Rams lead to 17–13.
Jeff Wilkins made two more field goals in the fourth quarter, one with 14:57 remaining in the quarter and another with 9:27 remaining, which gave the Rams a 23–13 lead. Brett Favre completed a 46-yard touchdown pass to Greg Jennings with 6:42 left in the game. The extra point was good. The Packers attempted a late comeback, but Favre fumbled the ball on the Rams' 13-yard line. It was recovered by Jerametrius Butler. The Rams took a knee ending the game with the Rams winning, 23–20, and improving to 4–1.
Steven Jackson ended the game with 98 yards on the ground on 23 carries. Bulger completed 18 passes on 28 attempts for 220 yards and two touchdowns.
Week 6: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
Hoping to keep their three-game winning streak going, the Rams returned home for an NFC West fight with the Seattle Seahawks. The Rams struck first, as QB Marc Bulger completed a 9-yard TD pass to WR Torry Holt. Yet, the Seahawks responded with QB Matt Hasselbeck completing a 14-yard TD pass to WR Deion Branch. In the second quarter, St. Louis began pulling away, as RB Steven Jackson ran 2 yards for a touchdown and the duo of Bulger and Holt hooked up again with a 10-yard TD pass. In the third quarter, the Seahawks started to creep back as Hasselbeck completed a 42-yard TD pass to WR Darrell Jackson. In the fourth quarter, Seattle managed to take the lead with kicker Josh Brown nailing a 49-yard field goal, Hasselbeck throwing a 19-yard TD pass to Branch, and Brown kicking another 49-yard field goal. The Rams responded with Bulger and Holt completing a 67-yard TD pass. The Seahawks won as Brown kicked a 54-yard field goal as time ran out, giving Seattle a three-game winning streak against St. Louis. This game was marred by controversy as the 10-second run-off rule did not apply on the last play of the game, giving Josh Brown the chance to win the game. With the loss, the Rams headed into their bye week 4–2.
Week 8: at San Diego Chargers.
Coming off of their bye week, the Rams flew to Qualcomm Stadium for their Week 8 match-up with the San Diego Chargers. From the get-go, St. Louis trailed as RB LaDainian Tomlinson got a 2-yard TD run and a 38-yard TD run in the first quarter. In the second quarter, the Rams started to retaliate as RB Steven Jackson got a 3-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the third quarter, things started to get ugly for St. Louis as Chargers free safety Marlon McCree returned a fumble 79 yards for a touchdown. The Rams responded with kicker Jeff Wilkins nailing a 34-yard field goal, yet Chargers kicker Nate Kaeding made a 31-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, it was back and forth with touchdowns. San Diego RB Michael Turner got a 14-yard TD run, while Rams QB Marc Bulger completed a 7-yard TD pass to WR Shaun McDonald. Afterwards, Chargers QB Philip Rivers completed a 25-yard TD pass to Tomlinson, while Bulger completed a 6-yard TD pass to WR Kevin Curtis. However, San Diego got the win, as St. Louis fell to 4–3.
Week 9: vs. Kansas City Chiefs.
Hoping to rebound from the road loss to the Chargers, the Rams went home for Week 9, as they fought the Kansas City Chiefs in a “Show Me State Showdown”. The Chiefs struck first as RB Larry Johnson got a 1-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, things got worse for the Rams as QB Damon Huard completed a 3-yard TD pass to TE Tony Gonzalez, while kicker Lawrence Tynes nailed a 42-yard field goal. St. Louis got on the board with RB Steven Jackson getting a 2-yard TD run, yet Huard and Gonzalez hooked up with each other again on a 25-yard TD strike. Rams kicker Jeff Wilkins made a 41-yard field goal to end the half. In the third quarter, QB Marc Bulger completed a 2-yard TD pass to WR Kevin Curtis for the only score of the period, yet the only score of the fourth quarter came from Huard completing an 11-yard TD pass to TE Kris Wilson. With the loss, the Rams fell to 4–4.
Week 10: at Seattle Seahawks.
Trying to end their three-game skid, the Rams flew to Qwest Field for an NFC West rematch with the Seattle Seahawks. In the first quarter, the Rams struck first with rookie DE Victor Adeyanju returning a fumble 89 yards for a touchdown. Afterwards, the Seahawks responded with QB Seneca Wallace completing a 3-yard TD pass to WR Darrell Jackson. Then, St. Louis had kicker Jeff Wilkins nail a 40-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Seattle took the lead with Wallace completing a 15-yard TD pass to TE Jerramy Stevens. The Rams responded with Wilkins's 42-yard field goal. In the third quarter, Wilkins gave St. Louis a 35-yard field goal for the only score of the period and the lead. In the fourth quarter, the Seahawks responded with WR Nate Burleson returning a punt 90 yards for a touchdown. The Rams retook the lead with RB Steven Jackson’s 14-yard TD run, yet it was followed up with a failed two-point conversion. However, just like earlier in the year, Seahawks kicker Josh Brown came out with the win, as he kicked a 38-yard field goal. With the loss, the Rams fell to 4–5.
Week 11: at Carolina Panthers.
Trying to end a four-game skid, the Rams flew to Bank of America Stadium for a Week 11 fight with the Carolina Panthers. After a scoreless first quarter, the Panthers took control for the rest of the game. In the second quarter, Carolina kicker John Kasay made a 40-yard field goal, while QB Jake Delhomme completed a 62-yard TD pass to WR Steve Smith. In the third quarter, Kasay improved the Panthers’ lead with a 34-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Carolina wrapped up the game with DE Mike Rucker sacking QB Marc Bulger in the Rams end zone for a safety. With St. Louis’ fifth-straight loss, the Rams fell to 4–6.
Week 12: vs. San Francisco 49ers.
Trying to end a five-game skid, the Rams went home for an NFC West rematch with their historic rival, the San Francisco 49ers. After a scoreless first quarter, the Rams drew first blood in the second quarter with kicker Jeff Wilkins' 24-yard field goal and RB Steven Jackson’s 36-yard TD run. he 49ers responded with RB Frank Gore's 12-yard TD run, yet St. Louis got Wilkins to kick a 51-yard field goal as time ran out on the half. In the third quarter, the 49ers took the lead with QB Alex Smith completing a 1-yard TD pass to TE Eric Johnson for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, the 49ers increased its lead with kicker Joe Nedney nailing a 24-yard field goal. The Rams got the win with QB Marc Bulger completing a 5-yard TD pass to WR Kevin Curtis. Not only did St. Louis improve its record to 5–6, but they also snapped a five-game losing streak.
Week 13: vs. Arizona Cardinals.
Coming off their victory over the 49ers, the Rams stayed at home for an NFC West rematch with the Arizona Cardinals. In the first quarter, the Rams trailed early as Cardinals RB Marcel Shipp got a 1-yard TD run. St. Louis responded with kicker Jeff Wilkins. In the second quarter, the Rams continued to struggle as QB Matt Leinart completed an 11-yard TD pass to WR Larry Fitzgerald, while kicker Neil Rackers nailed a 23-yard field goal. In the third quarter, St. Louis tried to retaliate with QB Marc Bulger completing a 15-yard TD pass to WR Torry Holt, yet the Cards responded with Shipp's 6-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, the Rams had Wilkins kick a 37-yard field goal. However, the Big Red pulled away with Shipp's 9-yard TD run and Rackers' 20-yard TD run. Even though St. Louis made another TD, with Bulger completing a 1-yard pass to WR Isaac Bruce, Arizona held on to win. With the loss, the Rams fell to 5–7.
Week 14: vs. Chicago Bears.
Coming off their loss to the Cardinals, the Rams stayed at home for a Monday Night fight with the current NFC North champion Chicago Bears. After a scoreless first quarter, the Rams struck first with QB Marc Bulger completing a 1-yard TD pass to WR Torry Holt, yet the PAT attempt had a botched snap, making it no good. However, immediately following St. Louis's first score, the Bears took the lead with DB Devin Hester returning a kickoff 94 yards for a touchdown. Fortunately, the Rams responded with RB Steven Jackson's 2-yard TD run, yet Chicago responded with QB Rex Grossman's 34-yard TD pass to WR Bernard Berrian. St. Louis tried to get a 48-yard field goal in before halftime, yet it just went wide right. In the third quarter, the Rams' recent struggles continued with RB Thomas Jones's 30-yard TD run, while Grossman completed a 14-yard TD pass to WR Muhsin Muhammad. In the fourth quarter, the Bears dominance continued with RB Adrian Peterson's 1-yard TD run. St. Louis tried to come back with Bulger completing a 6-yard TD pass to Holt, yet Hester immediately followed that up with a 96-yard kickoff return for a touchdown, which gave him the single-season record for the most returns for a touchdown with six. The only thing remaining within St. Louis was Jackson's 2-yard TD run. With their second-straight loss, the Rams fell to 5–8.
Week 15: at Oakland Raiders.
The Rams flew to McAfee Coliseum to take on the Oakland Raiders, who, just like the Rams, used to play in the city of Los Angeles.
After a scoreless first quarter, St. Louis struck first in the second quarter with kicker Jeff Wilkins nailing a 24-yard and a 34-yard field goal. In the third quarter, the Rams increased their lead with RB Steven Jackson's 4-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, St. Louis wrapped up the win with Jackson's 19-yard TD run. With the win, the Rams improved their record to 6–8. It was the first Rams shutout win since 2003.
Week 16: vs. Washington Redskins.
Coming off their dominating road win over the Raiders, the Rams played their last home game of the year as they took on the Washington Redskins. In the first quarter, the Redskins struck first with RB T. J. Duckett getting a 5-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, St. Louis took the lead with QB Marc Bulger completing a 10-yard TD pass to WR Isaac Bruce and a 27-yard TD pass to rookie TE Dominique Byrd. However, Washington responded with RB Ladell Betts getting a 6-yard TD run and QB Jason Campbell completing a 9-yard TD pass to TE Chris Cooley. In the third quarter, the Redskins increased their lead with Betts getting a 7-yard TD run. The Rams responded with Bulger completing a 64-yard TD pass to RB Stephen Jackson and a 10-yard TD pass to RB Stephen Davis. In the fourth quarter, St. Louis took the lead with kicker Jeff Wilkins getting a 21-yard field goal, yet Washington managed to tie the game with kicker Shaun Suisham getting a 52-yard field goal. In overtime, the Rams won with Jackson getting a 21-yard TD run. With the win, St. Louis improved to 7–8.
However, because the New York Giants won a Week 17 match-up against the Redskins, it ended any chance for the Rams to get into the playoffs.
Week 17: at Minnesota Vikings.
The Rams flew to the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome to take on the Minnesota Vikings. In the first quarter, St. Louis got off to a fast start as free safety Ronald Bartell returned an interception 38 yards for a touchdown. Afterwards, kicker Jeff Wilkins made a 42-yard field goal. After that, the Vikings responded with QB Tarvaris Jackson getting a 1-yard TD run. In the second quarter, the Rams' domination began with RB Stephen Jackson getting a 4-yard TD run and a 10-yard TD pass from QB Marc Bulger. In the third quarter, Wilkins kicked a 53-yard field goal, while Stephen Jackson got a 3-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, Stephen Jackson wrapped up the game for St. Louis with a 59-yard TD run. Afterwards, Minnesota got their remaining points with RB Chester Taylor getting a 1-yard TD run, while Tarvaris Jackson completed a 3-yard TD pass to WR Travis Taylor. Afterwards, the Rams ended the game with a victory to end their season at 8–8.
Season record.
RB Steven Jackson, who was elected to his first Pro Bowl at the conclusion of the season, led the NFL in 2006 with 2,334 total yards from scrimmage. His 90 pass receptions and 806 receiving yards were also NFL records amongst all running backs that year. Jackson was named the St. Louis Rams MVP and also received one vote for NFL Offensive Player of the Year. Although the Rams did not make the playoffs in 2006, they did finish the season with an offense which produced a 4,000-yard passer in QB Marc Bulger, a 1,500-yard rusher in RB Steven Jackson, and two 1,000-yard receivers, one of only four offenses in NFL history to accomplish the feat.

</doc>
<doc id="6930526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930526" title="National holidays in Cameroon">
National holidays in Cameroon



</doc>
<doc id="6930528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930528" title="Clément Pinault">
Clément Pinault

Clément Pinault (4 February 1985 – 22 January 2009) was a French professional footballer who played as a defender.
Career.
Born in Grasse, Alpes-Maritimes, Pinault began his career with Le Mans UC72. He on loan to Angers SCO in the summer of 2006. Pinault joined Clermont Foot from Ligue 1 side Le Mans in June 2008.
Personal life.
He was the brother of footballer Thomas Pinault.
Death.
Pinault suffered a heart attack at home on 18 January 2009 and was taken to hospital where was placed in an artificial coma. He died four days later, after being taken off life support.
Pinault had played for Clermont two days before his heart attack, in a 2–0 Ligue 2 win over Brest, "without any warning signs".

</doc>
<doc id="6930530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930530" title="Avoncliff Aqueduct">
Avoncliff Aqueduct

Avoncliff Aqueduct () carries the Kennet and Avon Canal over the River Avon and the Bath to Westbury railway, at Avoncliff in Wiltshire, England, about west of Bradford-on-Avon. It was built by John Rennie and chief engineer John Thomas, between 1797 and 1801. It is a Grade II* listed structure.
During construction, stone from a local quarry was used which split when affected by frost. This caused buttresses to collapse and parts of the structure to need rebuilding. Eventually Bath stone from Bathampton Down was used to ensure greater stability.
The aqueduct has three arches and is long, with a central elliptical arch of 60 ft (18.3 m) span, and two semicircular side arches each 34 ft (10.4 m) across, all with V-jointed arch stones. The spandrel and wing walls are built in alternate courses of ashlar masonry and rock-faced blocks. The central span sagged soon after it was built and has been repaired many times.
As part of the 20th-century restoration of the canal, the aqueduct was lined with a concrete "cradle" and made watertight in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="6930531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930531" title="Jones Residential College">
Jones Residential College



</doc>
<doc id="6930535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930535" title="House of Bernarda Alba">
House of Bernarda Alba



</doc>
<doc id="6930539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930539" title="Giornico">
Giornico

Giornico is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
Giornico is first mentioned around 935-94 as "de Iudicibus Giornicensis". In 1202 it was mentioned as "Iornico", and around 1210-58 it was mentioned as "Zurnigo". Formerly, it was known by the German names of "Yrnis" or "Girnis".
In the Battle of Giornico on 28 December 1478 a Swiss force of 600 defeated 10,000 Milanese troops.
Geography.
Giornico has an area, , of . Of this area, or 5.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 60.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 7.3% is settled (buildings or roads), or 2.1% is either rivers or lakes and or 26.1% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 1.7% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 1.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 3.5%. Out of the forested land, 47.4% of the total land area is heavily forested, while 11.1% is covered in small trees and shrubbery and 2.4% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 2.7% is used for growing crops and 1.6% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 11.2% is unproductive vegetation and 14.8% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Leventina district, along the Ticino river.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per fess Or and Gules overall three mullets, one and two, counterchanged."
Demographics.
Giornico has a population () of . , 23.2% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -11.5%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (93.6%), with Portuguese being second most common ( 2.3%) and German being third ( 1.6%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 14 speak German, 2 people speak French, 828 people speak Italian, and 2 people speak Romansh. The remainder (39 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.2% male and 50.8% female. The population was made up of 315 Swiss men (36.4% of the population), and 111 (12.8%) non-Swiss men. There were 347 Swiss women (40.1%), and 92 (10.6%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 2 live births to Swiss citizens and 2 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 7 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 5 while the foreign population increased by 1. There were 2 non-Swiss men and 4 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was a decrease of 14 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 10 people. This represents a population growth rate of -2.6%.
The age distribution, , in Giornico is; 56 children or 6.5% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 83 teenagers or 9.6% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 72 people or 8.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 112 people or 12.9% are between 30 and 39, 155 people or 17.9% are between 40 and 49, and 123 people or 14.2% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 115 people or 13.3% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 94 people or 10.9% are between 70 and 79, there are 55 people or 6.4% who are over 80.
, there were 380 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. there were 244 single family homes (or 71.3% of the total) out of a total of 342 inhabited buildings. There were 50 two family buildings (14.6%) and 31 multi-family buildings (9.1%). There were also 17 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 517 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 180. There were 16 single room apartments and 106 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 374 apartments (72.3% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 83 apartments (16.1%) were seasonally occupied and 60 apartments (11.6%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Caslasc ruins, the Churches of S. Maria del Castello, S. Nicolao, S. Pellegrino and the Torre di Attone are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance. The entire village of Giornico is part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 34.49% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (27.61%), the SP (18.54%) and the Ticino League (14.52%). In the federal election, a total of 277 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 47.5%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 585 registered voters in Giornico, of which 421 or 72.0% voted. 7 blank ballots were cast, leaving 414 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 106 or 25.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 97 or 23.4%), the PS (with 72 or 17.4%) and the SSI (with 68 or 16.4%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 3 blank ballots were cast, leaving 419 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 108 or 25.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 98 or 23.4%), the PS (with 77 or 18.4%) and the LEGA (with 65 or 15.5%).
Economy.
, Giornico had an unemployment rate of 4.41%. , there were 22 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 14 businesses involved in this sector. 204 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 11 businesses in this sector. 112 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 26 businesses in this sector. There were 382 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 35.9% of the workforce.
, there were 133 workers who commuted into the municipality and 258 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.9 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 6% used public transportation to get to work, and 65.7% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 778 or 87.9% were Roman Catholic, while 13 or 1.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 70 individuals (or about 7.91% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 24 individuals (or about 2.71% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Giornico about 59.5% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Giornico there were a total of 122 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Giornico there were 15 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 33 students attended the standard primary schools and 2 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 33 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 6 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 11 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 18 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 3 students in the professional program.
, there were 192 students in Giornico who came from another municipality, while 27 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6930540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930540" title="Kansas City Power and Light">
Kansas City Power and Light



</doc>
<doc id="6930544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930544" title="30/30-150">
30/30-150

"30/30-150" is the first single from rock band Stone Sour's second album "Come What(ever) May". The song received a nomination for "Best Metal Performance" at the 49th annual Grammy Awards, but lost to "Eyes of the Insane" by Slayer.
Music video.
The video shows the band members individually in high-contrast black and white superimposed over a timer counting down from "3030.150" and occasionally large close-ups of Corey Taylor's mouth. The numbers seen in the background appear to count down the time remaining in the clip in tenths of a second, beginning at 3030.150. The single cover is an edited shot from the music video.
Though current Stone Sour drummer Roy Mayorga is shown on the drumset in the "30/30-150" music video, he did not actually record the drum tracks for the song, this was done by current Godsmack drummer Shannon Larkin.
Title meaning.
The title comes from Taylor's jeans size (30/30) and weight (150 lbs) during his highschool years – which this entire song is a throwback to. The reason the song is titled after the physical characteristics he had during that time is because he felt that there were many that disbelieved in his ability to amount to anything (particularly at that time), and as suggested by the lyrics, he is now proving them wrong.

</doc>
<doc id="6930545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930545" title="Mairengo">
Mairengo

Mairengo is a former municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 1 April 2012, it was incorporated into the municipality of Faido along with the former municipalities of Anzonico, Calpiogna, Campello, Cavagnago, Chironico and Osco.
History.
Mairengo is first mentioned in 1201 as "Mairencho". During the Middle Ages the village belonged to the Degagna of Tarnolgio, which was part of the "Vicinanza" of Faido. Their annual meetings took place alternately, twice in Mairengo and once in Faido.
The parish of Mairengo also included Faido, Osco, Calpiogna and Campello. The church of San Siro was first mentioned in 1171 and in the 16th century it was expanded and renovated. It was the most important church in the central Levantine. The current building was restored in 2001, but still bears traces of the old romanesque church facade.
The local economy was based on livestock, which had virtually disappeared at the end of the 20th century, although the alpine pasture of "Alp Formazzora" in the Bedretto valley was still cultivated. The village section of Polmengo is home to a large construction site for the new Gotthard Base Tunnel.
Geography.
Mairengo has an area, , of . Of this area, or 4.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 39.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 3.9% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.1% is either rivers or lakes and or 37.9% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.7% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.2%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 1.1% of the area Out of the forested land, 36.2% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.6% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 2.9% is used for growing crops and 1.7% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 25.7% is unproductive vegetation and 12.2% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Leventina district, on a terrace on the left side of the mid-Leventina valley. It consists of the village of Mairengo and the hamlets of Tortengo, Raslina and Polmengo.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Chequy Argent and Gules overall a bull's head caboshed Sable."
Demographics.
Mairengo has a population () of . , 61.6% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 76.3%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian(78.7%), with German being second most common ( 8.1%) and Serbo-Croatian being third ( 6.6%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 22 speak German, 1 person speaks French and 214 people speak Italian. The remainder (35 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 78.9% male and 21.1% female. The population was made up of 101 Swiss men (17.7% of the population), and 349 (61.2%) non-Swiss men. There were 98 Swiss women (17.2%), and 22 (3.9%) non-Swiss women.
In there was 1 birth to non-Swiss citizens, and 1 death of a Swiss citizen. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 1 while the foreign population increased by 1. There was 1 Swiss man who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 2 non-Swiss men who emigrated from Switzerland to another country and 2 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was a decrease of 4 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 4 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.0%.
The age distribution, , in Mairengo is; 17 children or 3.0% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 31 teenagers or 5.4% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 62 people or 10.9% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 109 people or 19.1% are between 30 and 39, 171 people or 30.0% are between 40 and 49, and 102 people or 17.9% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 48 people or 8.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 17 people or 3.0% are between 70 and 79, there are 13 people or 2.3% who are over 80.
 the average number of residents per living room was 0.67 which is more people per room than the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 57.4% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 94 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.8 persons per household. there were 133 single family homes (or 83.1% of the total) out of a total of 160 inhabited buildings. There were 19 two family buildings (11.9%) and 5 multi-family buildings (3.1%). There were also 3 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 200 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 60. There were 10 single room apartments and 60 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 94 apartments (47.0% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 104 apartments (52.0%) were seasonally occupied and 2 apartments (1.0%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 1.9 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The parish church of S. Siro is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
The church is first mentioned in 1170, but probably dates back to the 11th century. It is one of the oldest churches in the Levantina valley. It was renovated in the 16th century and, later, the church tower was rebuilt in 1574–75. The new church had two naves and a rectangular choir. The facade retains some of the elements of the earlier church. Inside, there is a side altar from a German workshop that was built between 1510 and 1520. The walls also feature a mural from 1558 by Gerolamo Gorla da Milano and paintings from the 17th century.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 34.41% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the Ticino League (20.17%), the CVP (15.23%) and the SP (14.81%). In the federal election, a total of 92 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 56.1%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 170 registered voters in Mairengo, of which 117 or 68.8% voted. 2 blank ballots were cast, leaving 115 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 42 or 36.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 28 or 24.3%), the PPD+GenGiova (with 14 or 12.2%) and the LEGA (with 13 or 11.3%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 115 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 44 or 38.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 18 or 15.7%), the SSI (with 17 or 14.8%) and the PS (with 16 or 13.9%).
Economy.
, Mairengo had an unemployment rate of 2.37%. , there were 7 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 2 businesses involved in this sector. 2 people were employed in the secondary sector and there was 1 business in this sector. 8 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 5 businesses in this sector. There were 115 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 33.0% of the workforce.
, there were 99 workers who commuted away from the municipality. Of the working population, 8.7% used public transportation to get to work, and 57.4% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 200 or 73.5% were Roman Catholic, while 13 or 4.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 56 individuals (or about 20.59% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 3 individuals (or about 1.10% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Mairengo about 61.3% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Mairengo there were a total of 31 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Mairengo there were 4 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 9 students attended the standard primary schools and 0 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 7 students in the two-year middle school and 0 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 6 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 0 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 4 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 28 students from Mairengo who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6930547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930547" title="Hempfield Township">
Hempfield Township



</doc>
<doc id="6930550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930550" title="Comitat">
Comitat



</doc>
<doc id="6930558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930558" title="Bernarda Alba">
Bernarda Alba



</doc>
<doc id="6930567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930567" title="Citadel of Eight">
Citadel of Eight



</doc>
<doc id="6930568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930568" title="Petar Zlatinov">
Petar Zlatinov

Petar Zlatinov (; born 13 March 1981) is a Bulgarian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career.
In early 2000, at 18 years old, Zlatinov signed with CSKA Sofia.
On 1 April 2003, Zlatinov was loaned to Belarusian Premier League side Dinamo Minsk for a period of three months. On 23 April, he scored the only goal in a game against BATE Borisov in the Belarusian Cup to ensure Dinamo progressed to the semi-finals. He then played full 90 minutes in Dinamo's 2–0 defeat of Lokomotiv Minsk in the final on 24 May, and collected his first Belarusian Cup winners medal. In July 2003, Zlatinov moved permanently to Dinamo, winning the 2004 Belarusian Premier League title.
After success in Belarus, Zlatinov moved back to Bulgaria to play for Litex Lovech. In July 2005, he signed a 2+1 year contract. He made his league debut in a 0–2 home loss against Pirin Blagoevgrad on 6 August. His first goal for Litex came on 10 September, scoring the second in a 5–2 win over Cherno More Varna.
On 23 February 2008, Zlatinov joined Inter Baku. Media reports estimated the transfer fee to be around €165,000. He has signed a one-and-a-half-year contract. Zlatinov collected his first Azerbaijan Premier League title winner's medal at the end of the 2007–08 season. On 29 July 2008, he scored a late equalizer to secure a 1–1 home draw against Partizan Belgrade in the second qualifying round of the Champions League.
Coaching career.
On 5 July 2017, Zlatinov was appointed as player-manager of Vihren Sandanski.
On 20 June 2018, Zlatinov became manager of Second League club Pirin Blagoevgrad.

</doc>
<doc id="6930574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930574" title="Hutovo Blato">
Hutovo Blato

Hutovo Blato is a nature reserve and bird reserve located in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is primarily composed of marshlands that were created by the underground aquifer system of the Krupa River. It is fed from the limestone massif of Ostrvo that divides the Deransko Lake and Svitavsko Lake.
The reserve is on the list of BirdLife International's Important Bird Areas. It is the largest reserve of its kind in the region, in terms of both size and diversity. It is home to over 240 types of migratory birds and dozens that make their permanent home in the sub-Mediterranean wetlands surrounding Deransko Lake. In the migration season, tens of thousands of birds fill the lake and its surroundings.
Wetlands.
The valley along the last 30 km of the Neretva River, and the river itself, comprise a remarkable landscape. Downstream from the confluence of its tributaries, the Trebižat and Bregava rivers, the valley spreads into an alluvial fan covering 20,000 hectares. The upper valley, the 7,411 hectares in Bosnia and Herzegovina, is called Hutovo Blato.
Ramsar site.
Neretva Delta has been recognised as a Ramsar site since 1992, and Hutovo Blato since 2001. Both areas form one integrated Ramsar site that is a natural entity divided by the state border.
The Important Bird Areas programme, conducted by BirdLife International, covers protected areas in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
"Hutovo Blato Nature Park".
Since 1995, Hutovo Blato has been protected as a "Hutovo Blato Nature Park" and managed by a public authority. The whole zone is well protected from human impact and functions as an important habitat for many plants and animals
. Historical site, Old Fortress Hutovo Blato, is located in the area of Nature Park.
Nature Park "Hutovo Blato" is located in the South-Western part of Bosnia and Herzegovina, 30 km from City of Mostar and near the Croatian border. It stretches over an area of about 7,411 ha and represents one of the richest wetland reserves in Europe. Until 1995, when the cantonal protected area was founded, Hutovo Blato represented well-known area mainly for its hunting and fishing tourism. Every winter over 200 species of birds find their shelter inside this untouched nature.
Visitors can enjoy relaxation, recreational activities in nature, sport-fishing, cycling and main tourist attraction – photo safari. There is also an educational path providing information of park and for rising environmental awareness and need for preservation of natural heritage in Nature park "Hutovo Blato".
Gornje Blato – Deransko Lake.
The part of the park which kept its original form and almost untouched nature.
Gornje Blato-Deransko Lake is supplied by the karstic water sources of the Trebišnjica river, emerging in the proximity of the bordering hills. It is hydro-geologically connected to the Neretva river through its effluent, the Krupa river, formed out of 5 lakes (Škrka, Deranja, Jelim, Orah, Drijen) and by large portions permanently flooded, also isolated by wide groves of reedbebds and trees, thus representing the most interesting preserved area.
Krupa River.
The Krupa river is the Neretva left tributary and the main water current of Hutovo Blato, which leads the waters from Deransko Lake and Svitavsko Lake into the Neretva river. The length of Krupa River is 9 km with an average depth of 5 meters. The Krupa River does not have an actual source, but is actually an arm of Deransko Lake. Also, the Krupa River is a unique river in Europe, because the river flows both ways. It flows 'normally' from the 'source' to the mouth and from the mouth to the 'source'. This happens when, due to high water level and large quantity of water, river Neretva pushes the Krupa river in the opposite direction.
Biodiversity.
Birds.
Systematic list of registered species on 13 April 2001:
Archaeological and historic sites.
Desilo archaeological site.
After intense excavations in the area of Hutovo Blato in the autumn of 2008, archaeologists from the University of Mostar (Bosnia and Herzegovina) and the University of Lund (Sweden) found the very first traces of an Illyrian trading post, thought to be more than two thousand years old.
The find is unique in a European perspective and the archaeologists have concluded that Desilo, as the location is called, was an important trading post and a site of significant contact between the Illyrians and the Romans.
Surprisingly large finds have been made in a short period of time. The archaeologists have discovered the ruins of a settlement, the remains of a harbour that probably functioned as a trading post, as well as many sunken boats, fully laden with wine pitchers – so-called "amphorae" – from the 1st century BC.
The archaeologist Adam Lindhagen, who holds a PhD from the University of Lund and has specialised in Roman wine "amphorae", says that this is the most important find of all time from the Illyrian areas.

</doc>
<doc id="6930576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930576" title="Jean-Francois Fortin">
Jean-Francois Fortin



</doc>
<doc id="6930579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930579" title="Brigitte Pelletier">
Brigitte Pelletier

Brigitte Pelletier (born 1964) is a Canadian lawyer in Quebec and former associate deputy minister of the Quebec Ministry of Justice. She is a graduate of Université Laval.
She was a former chief of staff for Quebec premier Bernard Landry in 2002-2003.
Following Landry's defeat in 2003, she was appointed as Associate Deputy Deputy Minister of Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="6930583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930583" title="Lord Loss (character)">
Lord Loss (character)



</doc>
<doc id="6930586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930586" title="Earl of Caernarvon">
Earl of Caernarvon



</doc>
<doc id="6930592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930592" title="Symphony No. 3 (Schubert)">
Symphony No. 3 (Schubert)

Franz Schubert's Symphony No. 3 in D major,  200, was written between 24 May and 19 July 1815, a few months after his eighteenth birthday. Like the other early symphonies (the six written before the "Unfinished" Symphony of 1822), it was not published during Schubert's lifetime. It appeared many years later, in the first Schubert complete works edition in 1884. It is scored for 2 flutes, 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 2 horns, 2 trumpets, timpani and strings.
The length of this symphony is approximately 21 to 23 minutes. It is in four movements:
\relative c' {
 \tempo "Adagio maestoso"
 \key d \major
 d1\ff-&gt;\fermata | r2 d'8.-&gt;\p ( \times 2/3 {e32 fis g} a8) r | r2 a,8~-&gt; a32 (b64 cis d e fis gis a8) r
&lt;/score&gt;
The symphony opens with a broad introduction in a form which is reminiscent of the French overture in two parts, the first slow and dramatic, the second more lyrical. This leads into the "Allegro con brio", which is remarkable for its charm and the interplay of solo clarinet with syncopated strings, which developed pp from within the bounds of the style of chamber music to the larger sphere of the symphonic form. This is an extremely dramatic movement in sonata form. It owes much, as Michael Trapp points out in the liner notes of Günter Wand's recording, to the influence of Rossini, whose music was quite popular at the time, particularly evident in the overture-like structure. According to Blair Johnston, this symphony also shows Haydn's influence on the young Schubert, mainly in the introduction: "long-sustained octaves, complete with timpani roll, precede gradually shifting harmonies that, in true late Haydn fashion, migrate into a sullen D minor."
A delightful "Allegretto" in ternary form follows, full of grace and humor. The tune that unfolds has the character of a peasant's dance and its rhythms spread to the subsidiary melody as well.
Then comes a high-spirited Minuet, which, with its accented up-beats, suggests a scherzo and a popular flavor due to this low and popular gesture, and is contrasted by a graceful Ländler-like trio.
The concluding Presto in tarantella rhythm is remarkable for its bold harmonic progressions and for its wealth of dynamic contrast. This movement is in sonata form with a looser conception. Some musicologists, such as Mosco Carner, cite a strong resemblance to the music of Rossini in terms of rhythm, dynamics and harmonic relationships among the different sections.

</doc>
<doc id="6930598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930598" title="Herrick Township">
Herrick Township

Herrick Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6930599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930599" title="2006 Buffalo Bills season">
2006 Buffalo Bills season

The 2006 Buffalo Bills season was the franchise's 47th season as a football team, 37th in the National Football League (NFL) and first under both general manager Marv Levy and head coach Dick Jauron. Levy, who previously coached the team from 1986 to 1997, leading them to four straight AFC Championships and four straight Super Bowl appearances from 1990 to 1993, replaced Tom Donahoe, who was fired shortly after the end of the 2005 season, with hopes that his 11 full seasons as Bills head coach would improve a franchise that failed to make the playoffs during Donahoe's tenure. Jauron, who previously coached the Chicago Bears from 1999 to 2003, replaced Mike Mularkey, who resigned shortly after Donahoe's firing, citing family reasons and disagreement over the direction of the organization. 
The Bills hoped to improve on their 5–11 record from 2005, while also hoping to make the playoffs for the first time since 1999, but a 30–29 loss to the Tennessee Titans eliminated the team from playoff contention, extending their playoff drought to seven straight seasons, tying a record set from 1967–1973. For the second consecutive season, the Bills' opening day starting quarterback was J. P. Losman.
NFL draft.
Notes
Schedule.
Regular season.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries.
Week 1: at New England Patriots.
The Bills opened the regular season on the road against the first of their three divisional rivals, the New England Patriots and got off to a fast start, as on the very first play, Takeo Spikes sacked Tom Brady, causing a fumble recovered by London Fletcher-Baker for a 5-yard TD. The Patriots tied the game up at 7–7 on a 9-yard pass from Brady to Troy Brown. The Bills would regain the lead on a 53-yard FG by Rian Lindell. In the second quarter, Anthony Thomas would make the score 17–7 at halftime with an 18-yard run. However, the Bills continued their late-game struggles from 2005, as they gave up 12 unanswered points in the second half (a 17-yard pass from Brady to Kevin Faulk, a
32-yard FG by Stephen Gostkowski and a safety by Ty Warren with 8:33 remaining in the fourth quarter), dropping the Bills to 0–1 to start the season.
Week 2: at Miami Dolphins.
For Week 2, the Bills traveled to Dolphin Stadium to take on the second of their three divisional rivals, the Miami Dolphins. The Bills managed to get the only score of the first half, a 33-yard field goal by kicker Rian Lindell in the first quarter. It wasn't until the third quarter that the Bills were to score again when quarterback J. P. Losman threw a 4-yard pass to Josh Reed, while Lindell kicked a pair of FGs, a 45-yarder and a 43-yarder. Even though the Dolphins did manage to score in the fourth quarter on a 23-yard pass from Daunte Culpepper to Chris Chambers (with a failed 2-point conversion), the Bills defense dominated the game, sacking Culpepper seven times (along with two forced fumbles) and blocking a punt, improving the Bills to 1–1.
Week 3: vs. New York Jets.
Dressed up in their 1960s throwback jerseys, the Bills played their Week 3 home-opener against their last divisional rival, the New York Jets. Buffalo started off with J. P. Losman throwing a 51-yard pass to Roscoe Parrish for the only score in the first quarter. In the second quarter, the Jets tied the game up with a
3-yard run by Kevan Barlow. The Bills managed to get a 36-yard FG by Rian Lindell, but the Jets managed to take the lead, as Chad Pennington completed a 1-yard TD pass to Chris Baker within the closing seconds of the half. In the second half, the Bills fell behind as Victor Hobson returned a Buffalo fumble 32 yards for a touchdown, which would be the only score of the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, the Bills tried to close the gap, as Lindell kicked a 28-yard field goal. However, the Jets increased their lead with Cedric Houston getting a 5-yard run. The Bills would get another score, though—a 12-yard Losman run. Even though the Bills recovered their onside kick, they went three-and-out to end any more scoring threats, dropping to 1–2.
Week 4: Minnesota Vikings.
Looking to bounce back from a tough home-opening loss to the New York Jets, the Bills took on the first of their four NFC North rivals, the Minnesota Vikings. In the first quarter, Buffalo got a small deficit as kicker Ryan Longwell kicked a 37-yard FG for the only score of the quarter. In the second quarter, the Bills scored on a Willis McGahee 1-yard run. Afterwards, Minnesota got a last-second FG by Longwell, this one from 49 yards out. In the third quarter, Buffalo pulled ahead as J. P. Losman completed an 8-yard pass to Peerless Price for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Rian Lindell kicked a 28-yard FG. However, Brad Johnson completed a 29-yard pass to Marcus Robinson, but Buffalo prevented the two-point conversion and ran the clock out, giving the Bills their first home victory of the year and improving to 2–2.
Week 5: at Chicago Bears.
Looking for their second road victory of the season, the Bills traveled to Soldier Field to take on the second of their four NFC North rivals, the Chicago Bears, in Dick Jauron's first return to Chicago since being fired at the end of the Chicago Bears season. From the start, Buffalo was in trouble, as Robbie Gould kicked two FGs in the first quarter—a 42-yarder and a 43-yarder. Then, in the second quarter, three straight scores came from the Bears—an 8-yard pass from Rex Grossman to Bernard Berrian, a 1-yard run from Cedric Benson and a 15-yard pass from Grossman to Rashied Davis—that put the Bills in a deep hole. In the third quarter, Gould put up another FG for Chicago, this time from 32 yards out, while in the fourth quarter, Gould would kick a 41-yard FG and Benson would get another 1-yard run. The Bills would finally get on the board, as J. P. Losman completed a 5-yard strike to Lee Evans, ending the Bears' 11-quarter streak of not allowing their opponents to score a TD going back to the fourth quarter of the Bears' 34–7 victory against the Detroit Lions in Week 2, but the damage was already done, as the loss dropped the Bills to 2–3.
Week 6: at Detroit Lions.
The Bills flew to Ford Field to take on the third of their four NFC North rivals, the Detroit Lions. From the start, the winless Lions were dominated the first quarter, as kicker Jason Hanson kicked a 43-yard FG, while Kevin Jones got a 7-yard run. In the second quarter, Buffalo got into the game, as J. P. Losman completed a 44-yard pass to Roscoe Parrish. However, Detroit responded, as Jon Kitna completed a 28-yard TD pass to Roy Williams. The Bills would get kicker Rian Lindell to get a 53-yard field goal to end the half. After a scoreless third quarter, Lions kicker Hanson got a 29-yard field goal, putting Detroit up 20–10. The Bills tried to catch-up, as Losman completed a 4-yard pass to Ryan Neufeld, but the deficit proved to be a little too much, as the Lions ended up getting their first win of the season at the Bills' expense, dropping the Bills to 2–4.
Week 7: vs. New England Patriots.
Coming off two straight road losses to an NFC North team, the Bills returned home for a rematch with the New England Patriots. In the first meeting in Week 1, New England came back to win, thanks to late-game struggles by the Bills. This time, however, it wasn't even close. In the first quarter, the Patriots took an early lead with the first of Corey Dillon's two runs, an 8-yarder. Kicker Rian Lindell would get a 40-yard field goal, but the Patriots wouldn't allow Buffalo to score, as Dillon got his second of the game, a 12-yarder. After a scoreless second quarter, the Patriots continued to make the game difficult for the Bills as in the third quarter, Tom Brady threw a 35-yard pass to Chad Jackson for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Lindell would get another field goal, this one from 46 yards out, but the damage was already done, as Brady put the icing on the game with his second pass, this one a 5-yarder to Doug Gabriel, sweeping the Bills for a third-straight year and dropping them to 2–5 heading into the bye week.
Week 9: vs. Green Bay Packers.
Coming off their bye week, the Bills stayed home for a Week 9 matchup with their final NFC North rival, the Green Bay Packers. In the first quarter, even though Willis McGahee left with injured ribs, kicker Rian Lindell kicked a 28-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Buffalo's defense joined in the scoring party as London Fletcher-Baker returned an interception 17 yards for a touchdown for the only score of the period. In the third quarter, Brett Favre hooked up with Donald Driver on a 1-yard pass for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Packers kicker Dave Rayner kicked a 49-yard FG to tie the game up 10–10. The Bills increased their margin as J. P. Losman completed a 43-yard pass to Lee Evans. Afterwards, a 76-yard interception return by Ko Simpson set up a 14-yard run by Anthony Thomas, improving the Bills to 3–5.
Week 10: at Indianapolis Colts.
Fresh off their victory over the Packers, the Bills flew out to the RCA Dome for a Week 10 matchup with the Indianapolis Colts. Much like they did in the season-opener against the Patriots, Buffalo got off to a fast start in the first quarter with kicker Rian Lindell making a 22-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, however, Indianapolis struck back with Peyton Manning completing a 1-yard pass to Reggie Wayne. The Colts would follow that up with kicker Adam Vinatieri kicking a 31-yard FG. The Bills defense did make a stand, though, as Terrence McGee returned a fumble 68 yards for a touchdown. In the third quarter, Indianapolis regained the lead with Joseph Addai completing a 5-yard run. Buffalo would respond with Lindell making a 30-yard FG. In the fourth quarter, the Bills drew closer with Lindell's 43-yard FG and had a chance to take the lead late in the game, let alone win, but a 41-yard try went wide right, not only dropping the Bills to 3–6, but last place in the AFC East.
Week 11: at Houston Texans.
This Week 11 matchup against the Texans was expected to be a boring affair, but it was anything but. The first quarter saw a dominating offensive performance by Lee Evans, who caught six passes for 205 yards and a pair of 83-yard touchdowns, falling just five yards short of the NFL mark for most yards receiving in a quarter of 210 set by Qadry Ismail in 1999. However, Houston was not intimidated and kept the game close going into halftime. In the second half, the Bills' offense slowed down greatly, but Houston kept flying, mostly on the arm of David Carr, who tied the NFL record for most consecutive completions in a game with 22. Dunta Robinson intercepted a Losman pass and ran it in for an easy score, giving the Texans a 21–17 edge that held until the final seconds, when Losman led the Bills down the field and hit Peerless Price for the game-winning 9-yard catch in the back of the end zone with 0:09 remaining (the play was reviewed and upheld) for the 24–21 victory in a game where Losman set a career-high for passing yardage with 340 and Evans set a new franchise record with 265 yards receiving. With the win, the Bills improved to 4–6.
Week 12: vs Jacksonville Jaguars.
With the momentum of a late-game victory against Houston and the return of Willis McGahee, who had missed the previous three weeks with rib injuries, the Bills took an early lead and held off the Jaguars at the end. After Jacksonville scored with 0:34 remaining and after a questionable squib kick, J. P. Losman threw a pass down the sideline to Roscoe Parrish who kept his toes in just enough to set up a game-winning Rian Lindell 42-yard FG as time expired. Parrish had earlier made the game's biggest play of the game when he had an 81-yard punt return in the third quarter. With their second straight victory, the Bills improved to 5–6.
Week 13: San Diego Chargers.
Keeping some slim playoff hopes alive, the Bills stayed home, donned their throwback jerseys again and faced a fierce Week 13 challenge against the San Diego Chargers. In the first quarter, the Chargers struck first with kicker Nate Kaeding getting a 42-yard FG, while LaDainian Tomlinson got a 51-yard run. In the second quarter, Buffalo continued to struggle as Philip Rivers completed an 11-yard pass to Antonio Gates for the only score of the period. In the third quarter, the Bills scored with J. P. Losman completing a 6-yard pass to Robert Royal, while Willis McGahee got a 2-yard run. However, in the fourth quarter, Tomlinson got his second touchdown run of the day, a 2-yarder. A 6-yard pass from Losman to Peerless Price closed the gap, but a failed onside kick sealed any chance of a comeback victory. With the loss, the Bills dropped to 5–7.
Week 14: at New York Jets.
Hoping to avoid being swept by their AFC East rival and keep their playoff hopes alive all at the same time, the Bills met the Jets in The Meadowlands. Willis McGahee extended his string of 100-yard rushing games vs. the Jets to five with 125 yards on 16 carries, including a 57-yard run in the first quarter. After allowing a 10-yard pass from Chad Pennington to Laveranues Coles and a Mike Nugent FG, the Bills broke the game open with a 77-yard J. P. Losman pass to Lee Evans and a 58-yard interception return by Nate Clements. The Jets cut their deficit to 21–13 after a Nugent FG on the ensuing possession, but would end up scoreless for the rest of the game. Meanwhile, the Bills defense held the Jets in check as a Pennington fumble in the third quarter set up another J. P. Losman pass, this time to Robert Royal. The Bills would add a FG of their own in the fourth quarter to extend their lead to 31–13. With the win, not only did the Bills improve to 6–7, but they mathematically remained in playoff contention, two games behind current wild card occupants Jacksonville and Cincinnati.
Week 15: vs. Miami Dolphins.
In order to remain in contention for the playoffs, the Bills had to defeat—and sweep—the Dolphins, which they did in convincing and dominating fashion. J. P. Losman played well with 200 yards passing, three touchdowns and no interceptions. However, his counterpart, Joey Harrington, was ineffective, throwing for only 98 yards with two interceptions and achieved a 0.0 passer rating. After a scoreless first quarter, Losman threw a 33-yard touchdown pass to Robert Royal, putting the Bills ahead 7–0 into halftime. In the third quarter, Losman threw a 27-yard pass to Josh Reed, putting the Bills up by two touchdowns 14–0. In the final quarter, Losman threw another TD pass, this time a 21-yarder to Lee Evans. Miami had the ball on Buffalo's 1-yard line with 0:06 remaining. Looking for a touchdown, Cleo Lemon threw a pass intended for Chris Chambers but was batted down at the line of scrimmage by Ryan Denney, keeping the Dolphins scoreless. With the win, the Bills improved to 7–7.
Week 16: vs. Tennessee Titans.
After the victory over Miami, the Bills stayed home for a Week 16 intraconference game with the Tennessee Titans. The Titans (like the Bills) were 7–7 and also hunting for a wildcard berth. In the first quarter, Buffalo scored first with kicker Rian Lindell getting a 21-yard FG. Tennessee would respond with Vince Young completing a 22-yard pass to Bobby Wade. The Bills came back with Willis McGahee's 1-yard TD run. In the second quarter, the Titans regained the lead with kicker Rob Bironas getting a 42-yard and a 20-yard FG. Afterwards, the Bills came back with Lindell kicking a 36-yard and a 45-yard FG. Then, Tennessee went back into the lead with Young's 36-yard run. Buffalo would score with another 21-yard FG from Lindell, this one before halftime. In the third quarter, J. P. Losman completed a 37-yard pass to Lee Evans and afterwards Lindell kicked a 24-yard FG. In the fourth quarter, the Titans won the game with Young completing a 29-yard pass to Brandon Jones and Bironas' fifth FG of the game, a 30-yarder. J. P. Losman led the Bills on one final drive down to the Titans' 28-yard line, but driving against a wind that was gusting up to 20 mph, the Bills elected not to try a potential game-winning FG, sealing the game for the Titans. With the loss, not only did the Bills fall to 7–8 in their final home game of the season, but they were also eliminated from playoff contention heading into the season finale.
Week 17: at Baltimore Ravens.
J. P. Losman threw for 237 yards, a touchdown and two interceptions, one of which a pick-six. Willis McGahee rushed for 23 yards on 11 carries. Lee Evans had seven receptions for 145 yards and the only score for Buffalo, a 44-yard TD. In the first quarter, Matt Stover made a
26-yard field goal, bringing the Ravens up 3–0 at the end of the first. Just before halftime, Stover made another field goal, this one from 37 yards out, for a 6–0 halftime lead. In the third quarter, Stover made his third field goal of the day, bringing the Ravens up 9–0. After Evans' TD, Losman threw a pass that was intercepted by Chris McAlister and returned for a touchdown. In the fourth quarter, Stover made his fourth and final field goal that increased the Ravens' lead to 19–7. With the loss, the Bills finished the season at 7–9 which was a 2 game improvement over last year.

</doc>
<doc id="6930602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930602" title="Personico">
Personico

Personico is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
Personico is first mentioned in 1227 as "Prexonego". During the Middle Ages, it belonged to the "Vicinanza" of Giornico. The village church of SS. Nazario e Celso was first mentioned in 1256. It belonged to the parish of Biasca until 1570, when it became an independent parish church. The church was restored in 1926 and again in 1978–79. Between 1736 and 1869 there was in a glass factory in operation in the village. A subsidiary factory was built in 1782 in Lodrino. The local economy mostly relied on livestock until the 19th century, when they began mining local stone. Between 1962 and 1967, the hydroelectric plant of Nuova Biaschina and dam in the Val d'Ambra was built. In 1999, another, smaller power plant was completed. In 2005, about 12% of the jobs were in the agricultural sector while about 46% were in industry and manufacturing.
Geography.
Personico has an area, , of . Of this area, or 1.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 63.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 1.6% is settled (buildings or roads), or 2.0% is either rivers or lakes and or 28.9% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.5% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.4%. Out of the forested land, 48.8% of the total land area is heavily forested, while 12.9% is covered in small trees and shrubbery and 2.0% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.9% is used for growing crops. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 15.2% is unproductive vegetation and 13.6% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Leventina district, on the left side of the lower Leventina valley.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Or a chamois' head couped Sable and in chief two mullets Gules."
Demographics.
Personico has a population () of . , 19.8% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -2.4%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (95.5%), with Serbo-Croatian being second most common ( 1.7%) and German being third ( 0.8%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 3 speak German, 2 people speak French, 337 people speak Italian. The remainder (11 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.5% male and 50.5% female. The population was made up of 144 Swiss men (39.3% of the population), and 37 (10.1%) non-Swiss men. There were 145 Swiss women (39.6%), and 40 (10.9%) non-Swiss women.
In there was 1 live birth to Swiss citizens and 2 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 1 while the foreign population decreased by 2. There was 1 Swiss man and 1 Swiss woman who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there was 1 non-Swiss man who emigrated from Switzerland to another country and 2 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was a decrease of 7 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 5 people. This represents a population growth rate of -3.2%.
The age distribution, , in Personico is; 33 children or 9.0% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 41 teenagers or 11.2% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 47 people or 12.8% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 39 people or 10.7% are between 30 and 39, 52 people or 14.2% are between 40 and 49, and 46 people or 12.6% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 48 people or 13.1% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 34 people or 9.3% are between 70 and 79, there are 26 people or 7.1% who are over 80.
, there were 148 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. there were 134 single family homes (or 79.3% of the total) out of a total of 169 inhabited buildings. There were 28 two family buildings (16.6%) and 5 multi-family buildings (3.0%). There were also 2 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.87%. there were 222 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 79. There were 21 single room apartments and 44 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 148 apartments (66.7% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 69 apartments (31.1%) were seasonally occupied and 5 apartments (2.3%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 2.7 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The "Centrale Elettrica Comandi Biaschina" (the Biaschina power plant control station) is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 36.72% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (32.81%), the SP (18.53%) and the Ticino League (9.15%). In the federal election, a total of 115 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 47.3%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 245 registered voters in Personico, of which 162 or 66.1% voted. 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 161 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 60 or 37.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 35 or 21.7%), the PS (with 29 or 18.0%) and the SSI (with 24 or 14.9%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 null ballot was cast, leaving 161 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 61 or 37.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD (with 35 or 21.7%), the PS (with 30 or 18.6%) and the SSI (with 20 or 12.4%).
Economy.
, Personico had an unemployment rate of 3.98%. , there were 11 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 5 businesses involved in this sector. 34 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 5 businesses in this sector. 31 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 13 businesses in this sector. There were 154 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 33.8% of the workforce.
, there were 18 workers who commuted into the municipality and 121 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 6.7 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 5.2% used public transportation to get to work, and 74% used a private car. , there was one hotel in Personico.
Religion.
From the , 306 or 86.7% were Roman Catholic, while 3 or 0.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 35 individuals (or about 9.92% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 9 individuals (or about 2.55% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Personico about 63.2% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Personico there were a total of 59 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Personico there were 10 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 15 students attended the standard primary schools and 0 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 21 students in the two-year middle school, none in their pre-apprenticeship, and 6 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 3 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 4 who attend part-time.
, there were 30 students from Personico who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6930603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930603" title="Kosice (Hradec Králové District)">
Kosice (Hradec Králové District)

Kosice () is a municipality and village in Hradec Králové District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 300 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="6930605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930605" title="Lou Lucier">
Lou Lucier

Louis Joseph Lucier (March 23, 1918 – October 18, 2014) was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a pitcher for the Boston Red Sox and Philadelphia Phillies. He is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. 
Biography.
Lucier was born in 1918 in Northbridge, Massachusetts. Raised in Grafton, Massachusetts, he graduated from high school there in 1936. During his baseball career, he was listed at and .
Lucier made his major-league debut on April 23, 1943, pitching for the Boston Red Sox in relief against the Philadelphia Athletics at Shibe Park, giving up one run and one hit in two innings of work. His first major-league start was the second game of a doubleheader against the Chicago White Sox at Comiskey Park on May 16, 1943—he was the winning pitcher in a 4–2 complete game effort. After pitching for the Red Sox in 1943, Lucier split 1944 between the Red Sox and the Philadelphia Phillies, then pitched for the Phillies in 1945.
Career totals include 33 games pitched, 9 starts, 3 complete games, an overall 3–5 win–loss record, 1 save, and an earned run average (ERA) of 3.81. Lucier handled 45 of 46 total chances successfully for a fielding percentage of .978, which was above the league average at the time.
From 2012 until his death in 2014, Lucier was the oldest living former Red Sox player.

</doc>
<doc id="6930606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930606" title="Nina Girado">
Nina Girado

Marifil Niña Girado-Enriquez (born November 1, 1980), known professionally as Nina, is a Filipino singer and record producer. She made her recording debut in 2002 after signing a recording contract with Warner Music Philippines. Her first two studio albums produced the chart-topping singles "Jealous", "Foolish Heart" and "Make You Mine", and earned her the Favorite New Artist award on both Awit Awards and MTV Pilipinas Music Awards. She established her position in the local music industry in 2005 after releasing her third album "Nina Live!" which was certified diamond by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI). The album yielded her most successful single, "Love Moves in Mysterious Ways", and her biggest solo concert to date.
In 2006, she released her eponymous studio album which earned her eight Awit Award nominations. The album's second single "Someday" achieved commercial success, and gained popularity in South Korea and various Asian countries. Later, she received criticism for releasing too many covers, and was involved in a financial conflict against her ex-boyfriend Nyoy Volante's parents which was eventually resolved under legal process. She regained success in 2009 after touring with the Sessionistas, along with the release of her last studio album under Warner, "Renditions of the Soul". She signed a recording deal with Universal Records in 2010, and represented her country in the Pattaya International Music Festival a year later. In 2013, she released her seventh studio album "All Good" under her new record label, Viva Records. She was one of Spotify's most-streamed female OPM artists in 2018 and 2020.
Referred to as the "Asia's Diamond Soul Siren", she is known for her wide vocal range and her signature use of the whistle register. She was recognized as R&amp;B Artist of the Year by Philippine Business Excellence Award in 2004 and by Philippine Hip-Hop Awards in 2007. She was cited as the artist who popularized the acoustic phenomenon in the Philippines, and was awarded Best Female Acoustic Artist by the National Consumers Quality Awards in 2005. "Mega" listed her as one of the Women to Watch in 2004. Her album "Nina Live!" is the fourth best-selling certified album, best-selling live album, and best-selling album of the 2000s in the Philippines. She holds the record as the first female OPM artist to receive a diamond certification by the PARI. In 2009, she was named as the best-selling female recording artist by the Box Office Entertainment Awards. Aside from her commercial achievements, she has won ten Awit Awards, two Aliw Awards, two Myx Music Awards and the Special Achievement Award by Wave 89.1 Urban Music Awards in 2011.
Early life.
Marifil Niña Girado was born on November 1, 1980, in Pasay, Metro Manila, Philippines. She is the third child of Filbert Girado Sr., a businessman and member of the Bayanihan Boys Choir, and Maria Daulet (née Barinos), a nurse who plays piano. She was raised in Quezon City together with her three siblings Dewanne, who is member of the band Lipstick, King, who is also a singer, and Patrick, who is a musical director. When Nina was about to turn five years old, she started singing to a Lea Salonga single she heard on the radio and her father noticed. After seeing the potential in his daughter, Filbert trained Nina's singing skills. Like the traditional technique of vocalization, she was submerged into a drum of water while belting out her high notes. Later, she was declared as daily winner on GMA "Lunchdate"'s "Bulilit Jamboree" in 1985. In 1991, she became seven-week winner on Philippine competition show, "Tanghalan ng Kampeon", with her interpretations of "Better Days" and "Love Takes Time".
Filbert's plans for Nina changed when she grew older. Instead of a professional music career, he wanted his daughter to earn college degree and to join him in the United States to find work. She studied Accountancy at Miriam College since she was good in numbers. Her father insisted that she would take up Law as a latter course. Due to her love for singing, she went against her father's wishes. At seventeen, she became a vocalist of the XS band. He eventually gave up on trying to stop her, and just told her to maintain good grades. She did well in her studies and became a consistent dean's lister.
In 2000, she finished Accountancy while performing for different bands including The Big Thing, MYMP, Silk and the Essence. After college, she recorded an amateur demo CD with the help of a friend. It was composed of three tracks including her rendition of Steve Perry's "Foolish Heart", "Breathe Again" and "Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now)." The demo was recorded in a home studio with only a guitar for accompaniment. Her brother King brought her demo to different recording labels. Ricky Ilacad, who was managing director of Warner Music Philippines at the time, listened to the recordings and immediately planned to sign her up even without seeing or hearing her in person. Two months after her father died of a heart attack in the U.S., Nina signed her first recording contract with Warner.
Career.
2002–2004: Career beginnings, "Heaven" and "Smile".
In August 2002, Nina released her debut album under Warner Music, entitled "Heaven", alongside her first single of the same title. The album is inspired by contemporary R&amp;B and pop music, and it was well received by critics, with "The Philippine Star" stating ""Heaven" is quite a package. Production is sleek and Nina's delivery, smooth [...] it is never heavy nor frenetic. It is instead used as a stable base for Nina's sweet but definitely multi-octave singing voice." The lead single, "Heaven", did not really become a commercial hit despite peaking inside the top ten of Philippine charts. In December 2002, "2nd Floor" was released as a radio-only single. Even though the song was not commercially released, it charted inside the top ten and won her the Best R&amp;B Song award on the 16th Annual Awit Awards in 2003. "Jealous" was released as the second official single and it became Nina's first number one hit, topping various Philippine charts for three weeks. It also allowed her to grab the Best New Artist award on both Awit Awards and MTV Pilipinas Music Awards in 2003. The third commercial single is her acoustic version of Steve Perry's "Foolish Heart", which became her second number one single as it charted even better than her previous releases. The song was a critical acclaim, being described by critics as "proof of Nina's musicality." "Loving You", a Ric Segreto original, became the last commercial single from "Heaven". It did not top the local charts, but peaked inside the top five. In October 2003, the album was re-released when it reached the double platinum mark.
In December 2003, Nina released her second studio album, "Smile", accompanied by its lead single, "Make You Mine". According to "The Philippine Star", the album's sound is "bigger and bolder" compared to "Heaven", consisting of upbeat rhythmic jams and powerful sentimental ballads. "Philippine Daily Inquirer" commented that "Smile" is a "smoothly-produced album, polished enough to give it an even keel, ensuring smooth sailing all throughout." "Make You Mine" was described as a "rich harmonic chemistry of Nina's mesmerizing vocals and hypnotic urban-style beats with a blend of funky strings, an upbeat R&amp;B piece that offers a blissful listening experience." It became her third number-one single, making Nina the first female OPM artist to have three number-one singles in a span of one year. The following single, "A Girl Can Dream", features her labelmate Christian Bautista in the music video. The song peaked inside the top five of charts. "Sayang Naman" is the first Tagalog single that she released and it became the last commercial single from the album. It reached the top ten of local charts, but is considered to be her least successful single at the time. "Smile" gave Nina her songwriting debut with the song "Can't Say I Love You". The song was described as a "sensually engaging ballad." In a later interview, she revealed that while recording "I'll Always Stay in Love This Way", she was going through a recent break-up contrary to the song's context. She stated "I couldn’t sing. I was crying nonstop, so I called the A&amp;R director and said I couldn’t do it because my tears wouldn’t stop".
In early 2004, Nina became part of the recording for the song "Biyahe Tayo" which was used for the WOW Philippines...Biyahe Tayo! campaign, promoting Philippine tourism. Among other artists were Lea Salonga, Sharon Cuneta, Francis Magalona and the APO Hiking Society. In August 2004, she staged a back-to-back residency at the Music Museum with Nyoy Volante entitled El Niño, La Niña which ended after a month and five shows. In November 2004, she was chosen by American songwriter Diane Warren to record the Cyndi Lauper original "I Don't Want to Be Your Friend", which eventually became a chart-topping hit. It was released as single for the Asian version of Warren's love songs compilation, "Diane Warren Presents Love Songs". In the same month, Warner Music Philippines released a Christmas album which features Nina and the label's most-requested singers at the time, namely Christian Bautista, Kitchie Nadal, Dice &amp; K9, Paolo Santos, Thor and Artstrong. Following the album's release, they staged a major concert as a group, held at the Folk Arts Theater entitled Pop Ko 'To! The All-Star, All-Hits Concert. In the same year, she appeared on the debut albums of Bautista and her brother, King.
2005–2007: Commercial success with "Nina Live!" and "Nina".
In 2005, Nina temporarily broke away from the urban-influenced sound to record covers of classic love songs. She came out with her first live album, "Nina Live!". The album is composed of classic love songs from the 1970s to the 1990s, which she recorded live at the PHI Resto and Bar in Metro Manila on January 30, 2005. According to her, the idea of a live album started when Warner saw her performing on different bars and lounges. The label told her, "Why not put it in CD form or in a DVD, so that the people could take home [her] show." The first single, "Love Moves in Mysterious Ways", was released in February 2005 along with the album. It peaked at number one on local charts for twelve consecutive weeks, becoming Nina's biggest hit to date. Before the second single was released, "Nina Live!" was already certified 3× Platinum by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI), eventually selling 90,000 units in the Philippines. "Through the Fire" is the second official single which also peaked at number one for a week. The song features her highest recorded vocal register in full chest voice to date. "Constantly" was released as the third official single and was immediately followed by the final commercial single, "I Love You Goodbye", which later charted at number 3 in the short-lived "Billboard Philippines" Catalog Chart. "Nina Live!" sold over 300,000 copies in the Philippines in 2009, certifying 10× Platinum (Diamond) by the PARI and becoming the fourth best-selling album in the Philippines. It is also the best-selling live album and best-selling album of the 2000s. The album allowed Nina to become the first female artist in the Philippines to receive a Diamond certification. Overall, she is the third artist next to Jose Mari Chan and Eraserheads. Aside from outstanding commercial performance, "Nina Live!" was well received by OPM critics. In a review, "Titik Pilipino" stated "this album only proves that Nina can do wonderfully with covers." "Nina Live!" was later released in home video, and was followed by a concert at the Araneta Coliseum.
In 2005, Nina was ranked 75th on "FHM Philippines"' 100 Sexiest Women in the World. In the same year, she collaborated with American singer Joe Pizzulo in his album, "All the Best". In February 2006, she recorded the theme song for "I Will Always Love You", which eventually became the highest-grossing movie of GMA Films at the time. On June 2, 2006, Nina launched her first solo residency at the Music Museum entitled Very Manilow, a Barry Manilow tribute concert series. The month-long residency consisted of eight shows, two nights a week for four weeks and featured Christian Bautista, Jed Madela, Nyoy Volante and Troy Montero as guest acts. This was immediately followed by another eight-show residency entitled Nina... Gold (Precious OPM Hits) where she performed classic OPM songs from the 1980s to 2000s. Guest acts include Nonoy Zuñiga, Gary Granada, Noel Cabangon and Volante. The first show was staged on November 16 at the Music Museum. In the same year, she was selected as spokesperson for Goldilocks Bakeshop's 40th anniversary along with the release of promotional single "Araw Mo". She also appeared on "Hotsilog: The ASAP Hotdog Compilation" with her cover of Hotdog's seductive ballad "Lumapit Ka".
Nina released her self-titled fourth album in August 2006. She decided to name the album after herself considering that she already established her name as an artist, and was willing to share more to her listeners. She admitted that Nyoy Volante was an inspiration for the album, saying that his compositions "were just so beautiful and inspiring that eventually I was encouraged to create an all-original album." "Titik Pilipino" praised her in an album review, saying "Nina does almost everything right [...] She's more refined, polished." On the November–December 2006 issue of "MYX Mag", Mike Luis of Freestyle reacted positively to the album, stating "The mid-tempo tracks are groove-worthy, the slow jams are sexy, and the two remakes were nicely done." "I Do", a song that is heavily influenced by R&amp;B-dance, was released as the album's lead single. Shortly after, the second single "Someday" was released and topped the local charts for eight consecutive weeks. The song became both a commercial and critical acclaim, with "Philippine Daily Inquirer" commenting " the introspective, traffic-stopping 'Someday' that boasts of a rich melody and Nina's emotive panache." In 2007, she released the third and final single, "I Can't Make You Love Me", which became a success, as well. In a review, "Philippine Daily Inquirer" stated "Bonnie Raitt's anthemic song for the lovelorn is hard to top, but Nina gives a beautifully dressed-down version."
In August 2007, Nina recorded and released "Collide", a theme song for the sci-fi indie film "Xenoa" which was directed by Sean Lim. The song was nominated for Best Song Written for Movie/TV/Stage Play on the 2008 Awit Awards. On September 28, 2007, she re-released her eponymous album, this time, entitled "Nina (Special Limited Edition) - Featuring the Hits of Barry Manilow". The re-issue consists of two discs—the standard edition of "Nina" and a nine-track disc which features her covers of Barry Manilow classics. This concept was inspired by her 2006 eight-show residency at the Music Museum, entitled Very Manilow. "Somewhere Down the Road" and "If I Should Love Again" were released as singles and were both commercially successful. "Nina (Special Limited Edition)" was eventually certified Platinum by the PARI, finishing 2× Platinum combined with the standard release. One month later, Warner Music and Club Myx released a remix album of Nina's popular songs which were re-invented by DJ Dense Modesto. It was titled "". In November 2007, she appeared in QTV-11's documentary TV show "Balikbayan" where she visited her hometown Roxas, Capiz. In the same year, she was featured in Thor's studio album, "Soul Obsessions... Duets with Thor", performing a cover duet of Mariah Carey's power ballad "Whenever You Call".
2008–2010: Professional and personal setbacks, and "Renditions of the Soul".
In 2008, Nina released her fourth studio album, a cover album entitled "Nina Sings the Hits of Diane Warren", which consists of classic love ballads written by award-winning songwriter Diane Warren. The album was certified Gold by the PARI one week after its commercial release. Eventually, it reached Platinum status with 30,000 units sold. Its official singles include the Aerosmith original, "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing", and the Faith Hill original, "There You'll Be", which Nina describes as a "thank you" to her fans. She expressed her gratitude in an interview, saying "I still have much to fulfill [...] I owe it to my fans [...] showering me with love and unbridled affection." The album was panned by critics, with "Titik Pilipino" stating "To be honest, what [they]'ve been expecting at this point in Nina's career is an album of original compositions suited to her voice [...] she didn't have to shout and be a vocal Chinese acrobat." OPM critics reacted negatively to the kind of musical process she was doing, noticing that her most popular albums, "Nina Live!" and "Nina Featuring the Hits of Barry Manilow", contain covers. Her most popular singles, "Love Moves in Mysterious Ways", "Foolish Heart" and "Through the Fire", are also revivals. In an interview with the entertainment press at Red Box, Nina defended herself, saying "It's fulfilling to sing any song, maybe a cover or an original song, just the fact that I'm singing is fulfilling enough." She further stated that her fans were the ones who requested it. In the same year, she was featured on the self-titled debut album of Gabby Concepcion.
In January 2009, "ASAP", a musical variety show on ABS-CBN where Nina has been a regular performer since 2003, paired her with other artists who are also in-demand performers in various bars and restaurants. Among them are Duncan Ramos, Aiza Seguerra, MYMP, Sitti and Richard Poon, forming a group called the "Sessionistas." The Sessionistas became the most-requested jamming segment on the show, leading the ABS-CBN management to stage the ASAP Sessionistas Live concert at the Araneta Coliseum. The concert at the big dome was sold-out, and it was followed with other sold-out concerts in Cebu City, Batangas City and in their U.S. tour. On May 8, 2009, Nina was invited as special guest on STAR World's variety talk show, "Asia Uncut", making her the second and last Filipino to appear in the show, next to Lea Salonga. During her interview, she was officially declared as the "Asia's Soul Siren." In 2009, Nina publicly announced that she would file an estafa (fraud) case against ex-boyfriend Nyoy Volante's parents, Evangeline and Oliver, due to failure in fully settling their debts amounting to ₱1.4 million in total. She decided to finally take legal action after the couple broke the compromise agreement between the two parties.
In September 2009, Nina released her fifth studio album, "Renditions of the Soul", another cover album which came from her special weekly acoustic radio show of the same title which aired on Wave 89.1 during Friday and Sunday evenings. The album gave her record-producing debut when she produced all the album's tracks herself. It was well received by critics, with "Manila Bulletin" stating "The 17-track album is more emotionally subtle, yet the songs just have as equally powerful messages like her previous hits [...] Nina's singing perfectly renders the message of every selection: Love, longing and the purity of emotional surrender." "I'm Yours" was released in May 2010 as the only commercial single from the album. Warner held a sing-along contest for Nina fans and the winner got the chance to be on the single's music video. However, the single had no promotion, since Nina has left the label during its release. The video barely features her, and just shows some of her photos from the "Renditions of the Soul" album photo shoot. The album was commercially successful, being able to reach Platinum status in July 2010 despite having the least promotion.
After receiving a Diamond certification by the PARI for "Nina Live!" in October 2009, Sarah Geronimo's fans protested Nina getting the award ahead of Geronimo. Nina immediately stated in an interview that she deserves the award, and that there was no conflict between her and Geronimo. In November 2009, she revealed that she is engaged with her non-showbiz boyfriend, Coy Enriquez. Early in 2010, she had sold-out concerts with multi-diamond awardee Jose Mari Chan, Freestyle, Side A, Richard Poon, Sam Milby and The Company, including her two-night solo concert at the Music Museum entitled Nina... The Diamond Soul Siren. On June 30, 2010, she performed the song "Bagong Pilipinas", together with other artists, on the inauguration of Philippine President Benigno Aquino III. She wore a green Filipiniana dress for the event. On July 9, 2010, she performed with South Border and Kris Lawrence on Usher's concert in Manila as a front act. On September 11, 2010, she performed live on Billy Crawford's 25 B.C. concert at the Music Museum as a special guest. In October 2010, Warner released her four-disc box set greatest hits compilation, entitled "". Her cover of "Love Will Lead You Back" was used as the album's only single. In December 2010, she performed "Hagkan", which was originally recorded by Sharon Cuneta, as theme song for ABS-CBN TV series "Sabel". In 2010, she was named as the best-selling female recording artist of 2009 by the Guillermo Mendoza Memorial Scholarship Foundation. In the same year, she also appeared on the albums of Jay R, Kris Aquino and Poon.
2011–2013: International exposure, "Stay Alive" and "All Good".
In January 2011, Nina was presented with a Special Achievement Award by the Wave 89.1 Urban Music Awards for her notable chart-topping singles and remarkable album sales, particularly for the diamond-certified "Nina Live!". On February 5, she staged a pre-Valentine concert with the Sessionistas at the Araneta Coliseum entitled ASAP Sessionistas 20.11. Her performances of "Note to God" and "Got to Be There" were applauded by fans and critics alike. Later, she was cast as Megara and Deianira on "Hercules 12", a pop-emo stage musical, but eventually dropped out due to scheduling conflicts. On March 18, she represented her country at the 2011 Pattaya International Music Festival in Thailand where she performed alongside pop artists from different Asian countries, including Derrick Hoh, Golf &amp; Mike, Chin Chinawut and Ice Saranyu. During her stay in Pattaya, the city government presented her with a Golden Key to the City. On March 25, she was featured in a short documentary, along with Gary Valenciano, which aired on South Korean network tvN Asia. In June 2011, issues of maltreatment to her former personal assistant surfaced the news. She denied the allegations, saying that her former P.A. has always been given proper compensation and that the Volante family were the ones who created the issue. In August 2011, she joined the ASAP Sessionistas in their second U.S. tour which completed its final leg on September 5. In December 2011, she performed as guest act in the concerts by Noel Cabangon and Duncan Ramos, respectively. In the same year, she was featured on Kris Aquino's compilation and Cabangon's fourth studio album.
Late in 2010, Nina revealed that she was recording a studio album which was set for release in mid-January 2011. Originally, it was set to be the first of her two-album recording deal with her new label, Universal Records. After a couple of push-backs, "Stay Alive" was finally released on November 19, 2011. In choosing such title for the album, she explained, "It's like some people are saying that I'm gone [...] So I'm here to say that I'm still here and staying alive." She called the album "special" due to the fact that she contributed from its musical production to the cover art design." "Stay Alive" was a universal acclaim, being called "futuristic and edgy" by critics who also predicted that it "may set new trends in Filipino music," tagging Nina as the new "dance diva." "Philippine Entertainment Portal" praised the album, stating ""Stay Alive" is a testament to Nina's evolution as an artist and determination to be a better performer." "Dance" was released on October 6, 2011, as the lead single from the album. Nina explained, "The carrier single is a dance song for it to be different from my previous albums." The song is described as "an upbeat track with a catchy melody." Its music video was released on December 9, and features Nina in Gaga-ish costumes while performing a dance routine. Due to lack of promotion, the song failed to achieve commercial success. On January 30, 2012, "However Much Love" was released as a pre-Valentine promotional single. The song was critically acclaimed, being called a "standout" by Abby Mendoza of "Philippine Entertainment Portal." It was a commercial success as well, becoming Nina's first chart-topper since 2008. On February 13, she staged a pre-Valentine concert entitled Update Your Status... at the Music Museum which supported the album. In the same month, she expressed disappointment with the album's lack of promotion, saying "[Universal] always have a meeting, but no actions are initiated. They give us schedules that are not really followed. When it's already okay, then they cancel it." On April 14, she staged another concert at the Music Museum, entitled Timeless: Tribute to a Diva, which was dedicated to late pop diva Whitney Houston. "Believe in the Dream" was released on April 24, 2012, as the third single from "Stay Alive", accompanied by a lyric video.
On May 8, 2012, Nina signed a five-year recording deal with Viva Records, following the expiration of her contract with Universal. In an interview, she stated that during her Love2Love2Love concert in 2010—which was produced by Viva Entertainment, the label's head Vicente Del Rosario, Jr. expressed interest in managing her career. However, she has already signed under Universal at the time. Shortly after her separation with the label, she transferred to Viva with the help of Geleen Eugenio. She expressed working on a new album, saying that it will have "the same Nina sound [...] New songs maybe, can be cover, can be original, but we're eyeing on original songs." She also planned to do acting workshop in Singapore, stating "I myself, honestly, don't know much about acting. So if ever I will star in a movie, I'm not half-baked, I'll be prepared. And also for myself, I want to be prepared, especially if I'm heading straight into a new direction." Nina posed on the Burlesque-inspired cover of "Playboy Philippines" magazine's May—June 2012 special issue where she is seen nude, only her private body parts being covered. She stated that it was personally her decision to do a daring shoot, and later explained that it is her way of "immortalizing herself in her best shape yet." She also mentioned working on a big theatrical play as preparation for her acting debut. In October 2012, she appeared in a cameo role for the film "A Secret Affair", where she performed the movie theme song "Don't Say Goodbye". In the last quarter of 2012, she was given a weekly segment on TV5 variety show "Wil Time Bigtime" entitled "InstaJam," and was promoted to regular performer in 2013 for the segment entitled "Mini Concierto" under the show's new title "Wowowillie."
On January 25, 2013, Nina staged her comeback concert at the Music Museum entitled Nina Reborn, accompanied by the release of her first album under Viva Records entitled "All Good." The concert had its cable television premiere on May 4, 2013, at 9:30 p.m. () on Filipino cable channel PBO (Pinoy Box Office). "Manila Bulletin" gave Nina Reborn positive response, saying "Nina as a powerhouse singer is a given, but the seeming restraint she demonstrated that night was just as effective and lent her vocals more heft and soul." "The Philippine Star" stated, "Nina is one of those interpreters who can take on any song [...] The results are very good." "All Good" consists mostly of original songs, with five cover versions of OPM classics. The album was a critical acclaim, with "The Philippine Star" explaining that its purpose is "not to surpass her previous achievements, but to empower its belief that [Nina] has more to offer as a recording artist." "Journal" praised the album's sound, stating "A more mature Nina is what people will hear [...] "All Good" is a suite of beautiful songs." "Sa Isang Tingin" was released on February 23, 2013, as lead single for the album. It was described to having a "strong melody [that is] somewhat influenced by high-recall Tagalog songs of the yesteryears." Despite being claimed as an official single, no music video was recorded for the song's promotion. On March 3, "Hurting Inside" was released as a promotional single, accompanied by a lyric video published on Viva Records' official YouTube page. On October 22, "When the Love Is Gone" was used as theme song for the 2013 romantic drama film of the same title.
2014–2019: Hiatus, pregnancy and co-headlining shows.
In February 2015, Nina made a special appearance on the 20th-year anniversary of variety show "ASAP" where her performance of "Vision of Love" with fellow singers Juris and Kyla became a trending topic in social media. After taking a break from showbiz, Nina publicly announced her secret marriage with husband Coy Enriquez and giving birth to a baby girl, Ysabelle Louise, on December 24, 2015. In an interview with "Philippine Entertainment Portal," she expressed her decision to keep her personal life private, stating "I chose to be quiet and just go on with my life normally. I have people in my life who are also into their privacy. [I don't want to drag them in my world] which is totally different to theirs." She added that she is not hooked in social media and she often just post pictures to promote her shows. In 2015, she became part of TV5 reality singing competition "Rising Stars Philippines" as one of the judges. On June 14, 2016, she was featured on the debut single of R&amp;B duo Joshua Desiderio and Lloyd Zaragoza (JO.LLO), entitled "Ikaw ang Bida." On July 1, she staged a back-to-back concert with Joey G at the Music Museum entitled Versions and Verses. The concert was a success and a second show was held on October 12, 2017, entitled Versions and Verses: The Repeat.
On June 19, 2017, Nina made an appearance on Wish 107.5's Wish Bus roadshow where she performed Charlie Puth's "Attention" and her hit single "Jealous". The event was co-produced by Warner Music, her original record label. During the show, she announced returning to Warner for release of her eighth studio album. Nina had her acting debut for the indie film "DAD: Durugin ang Droga," which is an advocacy film promoting awareness on drug addiction. The film was directed by Dinky Doo J. Clarion, supposedly for the 2017 Pista ng Pelikulang Pilipino, and was released in September 2017. On October 28, 2018, Nina collaborated with David Pomeranz and Joey G on an international concert, entitled Love, Soul &amp; Magic, held at the Club Regent Event Centre, Winnipeg. In February 2019, Nina and Pomeranz embarked on a two-show U.S. tour, this time with Jay R, entitled Heart and Soul 3.0. The shows took place at Pechanga Resort &amp; Casino and Palace Theatre, California. On September 14, she performed as special guest for Bugoy Drilon and Daryl Ong's BND concert at the Newport Performing Arts Theater.
2020–present: Online concerts and stage comeback.
During the nationwide community lockdown amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, Nina staged a two-hour acoustic concert via Facebook Live. The live streaming was held on April 6, 2020, as a treat to her fans and followers, gathering a total of 917,000 (24,000 concurrent) views. Her live cover of "Crash Landing on You" soundtrack, "Flower," gained popularity on social media. She later performed the song on variety show "ASAP" with various artists and on "KTO Manila" #AnnyeongKorea special. On April 16, Nina admitted she became interested in the Korean Wave so much that she stayed in South Korea for a month to undergo K-pop sing and dance workshop. On April 25, she performed as special guest on Lazada Sing-It! live streaming alongside Katrina Velarde. The fan-requested set list included her singles "Loving You," "Through the Fire," and "Foolish Heart." On October 11, Nina celebrated the 15th anniversary of "Nina Live!" in A2Z/Kapamilya Channel show "ASAP". On November 1, KTX.ph streamed her first ever birthday concert entitled Nina Live! The Birthday Virtual Concert in various countries including Canada, Australia, Japan, South Korea and UAE. The following day, she was featured in Monster RX 93.1 Concert Series where she revealed that her management is working on her official YouTube vlog for 2021, and that she has started recording for her upcoming album. On November 7, Nina was eliminated in TV5 reality singing show "Masked Singer Pilipinas" after performing "Big Spender" by Shirley Bassey under the alias Bee-Ni-Bee-Ni. The judges, however, failed to guess her real identity.
One year after her 2020 Facebook Live concert, Nina staged a three-hour long concert on April 5, 2021, which gathered 1.3 million total (24,000 concurrent) viewers. In the same night, #NinaLive and "Foolish Heart" became trending topics on Twitter. The meme ""Ano pala apelyido ni Nina" [What is the surname of Nina]?" also went viral in social media, and started a series of memes on Filipino celebrities using mononym. Like the previous one, the concert was held during Enhanced Community Quarantine (ECQ) re-imposition period. The following day, she launched her official YouTube vlog Soul Siren Nina Official. On October 15, 2021, Viva Entertainment premiered her 2013 concert special "Nina Live at the Amerasian" through Vivamax subscription-based streaming service as pilot episode of a 12-part concert series. Days prior to this, she announced her online concert Nina Live: The Divas Edition which later streamed live on November 30 and December 1 through KTX.ph. In 2022, she staged a 16-show U.S. Tour entitled Love Moves which kicked off on May 7 in Skokie, Illinois and finished on June 25 in Los Angeles. On September 23, she released the single "How Can I", a collaboration with songwriter and producer Jonathan Manalo in celebration of his 20th year in the Philippine music industry. In October 2022, she performed as guest act for Danish rock band Michael Learns to Rock's Back on the Road Tour—Philippine leg finishing three shows overall. In an interview, Nina stated that she will finally release a long-awaited single by the end of the year or the following year. She described the song as "a feel-good song with [her] own touch. So, it’s kind of like acoustic." On March 10, 2023, she staged her second solo U.S. Tour entitled Love Moves Part 2, consisting of ten shows, and an additional Canadian Tour, consisting of six shows which kicked off on April 9, 2023. On November 8, she staged her first face-to-face major concert after the pandemic quarantine, entitled Only Nina, at the Samsung Hall. The show celebrated her 43rd birthday and was directed by John Prats. During the concert, Nina announced a second show of the same title which was later held at the Waterfront Cebu City Hotel &amp; Casino on February 9, 2024 as a pre-Valentine event.
In January 2024, Nina stated in an interview that her upcoming album is still in the works and that she prefers to release it through an independent record label. On October 25, 2024, she collaborated with Hindley Street Country Club and released an alternate version of her number-one hit, "Foolish Heart", which eventually reached 1.3 million views in YouTube by the end of same year. On October 30, she staged her 44th birthday concert entitled Love, Nina at The Theater at Solaire. "The Philippine Star" commended her vocal condition, stating "That night, in her own rendition, Nina effortlessly navigated the high and low notes of the song. There was not a time when she frayed or got off-key. Kudos to Nina for preserving her voice." On December 10, she made an appearance on Wish 107.5's Wish Bus roadshow at the Newport City, Metro Manila where she performed her singles "Someday" and "Foolish Heart". On February 7, 2025, she performed in a pre-Valentine concert at the New Frontier Theater, entitled Love Matters. The show included a 16-piece orchestra and featured some broadway songs. Like her previous concerts, it was directed by Prats. On February 8, the Sessionistas staged a reunion concert at The Theater at Solaire wherein fans questioned the absence of Nina and fellow performer Richard Poon. On February 14, she embarked on a three-leg tour in Australia, entitled Nina Live, held in the cities of Sydney, Melbourne and Perth. In the same month, TV5 announced that Nina was chosen as judge for the third season of karaoke singing competition "Sing Galing!". On June 27, 2025, she began her third Love Moves U.S. Tour, consisting of 11 shows, which kicked off in Arizona and will conclude on August 2 in West Covina.
Artistry.
Influences.
Nina has cited Mariah Carey as main influence in her singing career, notably in her debut album "Heaven" (2002). She is known to have a similar vocal range, musical style and prominent use of the whistle register. She has performed Carey's songs both in her arena concerts and small venue live shows. Early in her career, Nina admitted that she never attempted to watch concerts before she became a recording artist until Carey's in Manila. In an interview, she stressed the originality of her sound, saying "It's not like I want my career to imitate or even be compared with [Carey]'s. In the end, I want to be acknowledged as a singer of my own brand of music." Aside from Carey, she has cited Whitney Houston, Alicia Keys, Gary Valenciano, Ella May Saison and Regine Velasquez as influences.
Apart from singing, Nina plays musical instruments such as piano and acoustic guitar. She credits her older brothers for her interest in playing instruments. When she was nine years old, she substituted for her brother during piano lessons, stating "That's how I learned "do-re-mi". The teacher did not question why I attended the piano lessons instead of my brother." She has performed her singles "I Don't Want to Be Your Friend" (2004) and "However Much Love" (2011) while playing the piano during her live television appearances and concerts. She believes playing the piano is the key to becoming a songwriter and composer. She wrote the songs "Can't Say I Love You" for "Smile" (2003) and "You Should Know" for "Stay Alive" (2011). Her songwriting in the former, according to "Philippine Daily Inquirer", is "quite acceptable, but it's not particularly distinguished [...] The sentiments are worded too prosaically." She also produced her fifth studio album, "Renditions of the Soul" (2009).
Voice and timbre.
Nina is a lyric coloratura soprano, possessing approximately four-octave vocal range and the whistle register. Referred to as the "Soul Siren," she was recognized as one of the 10 Best Singers in the Philippines by the 2004 Tinig Awards. Later, she was ranked sixth in the list of "20 Amazing Filipina Singers" by the "Female Network" in 2011. Music critics shared the same opinion on Nina's vocal ability. Baby Gil of "The Philippine Star" described her voice as "sweet but definitely multi-octave," commenting "This is surely her strongest point and it is really a blessing to know that she can skillfully wield her vocals to conform to the demands of every song." Leonardo Belen from "Manila Bulletin" complimented her range and technique, saying "Her voice range always amazes people, reaching the highest notes with extreme control and with a sentimental timbre. She renders her songs with emotion and soul, thus made her the "Soul Siren"." Professional writer-editor Ginnie Faustino-Galgana stated "There is no doubt that Nina is one talented singer. Her vocal range is decidedly wide. Her voice itself has proven itself youthful and adaptable to any beat." Freelance writer Resty Odon said in a review, "Nina can afford to do just covers because she has a voice that's easy to love." In terms of song selection, he adds "She works the range and volume she sounds best in."
Apart from her chart-topping original songs, Nina became known for doing cover versions. She described her sound, saying "I can say that the songs I sing in my albums very much represent who I am [...] I try to make it my own even if it was done originally by another artist." She takes good care of her voice, saying "I always order Halo-halo without ice. If I want to eat ice cream, I have to let it melt first or else microwave it. I also don't eat spicy food or mint candies [...] Of course, it was hard for me [...] But you get used to it." She maintains a healthy food diet to easily recover from throat infections. She sings at least twenty songs a day for practice. In 2011, Nina was featured in a short documentary aired by South Korean network tvN Asia where she was filmed re-attending the Center for Pop Music of the Philippines for vocal training sessions.
Music videos and stage.
Nina has recorded music videos with choreography, including her singles "Heaven" (2002), "Make You Mine" (2003), "I Do" (2006) and "Dance" (2011). She has incorporated dancing in her live concerts and stage performances, notably in Nina Just Wanna Have Fun (2005), Nina... The Diamond Soul Siren (2010), Update Your Status... (2012) and Nina Reborn (2013). "Staying Alive," "Only with You" and "I Came to Dance" (2011) are original songs that she performs live with synchronized dance routine and back-up dancers. Nina took up ballet classes in her early years. In 2010, she pursued ballet along with playing tennis to keep herself physically fit. In May 2011, she joined The G-Force Project dance recital, performing a burlesque dance. In 2020, she flew to South Korea to undergo K-pop sing and dance workshop.
Image.
Nina has been labelled "pop diva" and "whistling diva" by writers and critics for her wide vocal range, signature use of the whistle register, and status as one of the top-selling female singers in the Philippines.
Among singers of her generation, she has been recognized as a fashion icon. For three consecutive years, she was nominated for Female Style Icon of the Year in the Wave 89.1 Urban Music Awards from 2010 to 2012. She has also attended fashion events and has done ramp-modeling.
She has been considered a sex symbol by men's magazine companies. In 2005, she was included in "FHM Philippines"' list of 100 Sexiest Women in the World. In May 2012, she was featured in the cover of "Playboy Philippines" and released the behind-the-scenes footage of her photo shoot through her promotional music video, "Only with You".
Impact.
Nina has been acknowledged for popularizing the acoustic phenomenon in the Philippines. According to "The Philippine Star," "Nina deserves to be called as one of local music's treasures. Her album titled "Nina Live!" became a benchmark in acoustic recording." At the height of its success, the album's format has been adapted in the live recordings of artists including Freestyle, MYMP, Sitti, Christian Bautista, Rachelle Ann Go and Aiza Seguerra. Nina has also been considered as one of the pioneers of contemporary R&amp;B in Pinoy pop. In addition to her musical style, she has been regarded as one of the country's top-selling female artists. Music critic Remy Umerez of "Journal" wrote, "Nina set the bar high for female singers of her generation with the multi-platinum success of her solo albums in the mid-2000s." In a review for "All Good", Yugel Losorata of "The Philippine Star" opined that the album "reflects [Nina]'s mindset of thanking back the local music scene that has provided her blessings other lady acts can only dream of." "Mega Philippines" listed her as one of the Women to Watch in 2004. Her songs "Love Moves in Mysterious Ways", "Jealous", "I Didn't Mean to Make You Mine" and "Foolish Heart" were ranked 10th, 20th, 35th and 46th "Best Filipino Love Songs in English", respectively, based on a survey by "Spinditty".
Morissette has stated that Nina's rendition of "Foolish Heart" (2002) inspired her on the use of whistle register. She also credits Nina's toned-down vocal style as it influenced her to be "steady" ["sic"] in terms of singing. She paid tribute to Nina in one of her recorded live performances. Regine Velasquez has cited Nina as one of her favorite artists and has performed Nina's original songs in her live shows. Sarah Geronimo has also cited Nina as one of her favorite singers, stating that she personally wanted Nina as guest act for her 2005 concert The Other Side. Katrina Velarde has performed a medley of Nina's popular songs in one of her concerts. BTS leader RM, Seventeen's DK and Loona's Chuu have mentioned Nina's songs as some of their favorites. Several Asian pop artists have covered Nina's original songs. In 2009, South Korean boy band Super Junior recorded "What If" (2003) for their album "Sorry, Sorry." "Someday" (2006) has been performed by South Korean singers Jessica Jung of Girls' Generation, Krystal Jung of f(x), Urban Zakapa, Kwon Jin-ah, Lee Jin-ah, Jun Hyo-seong, Japanese singer Yoshika and Mongolian singer Khulan.
Achievements.
Throughout her career, Nina has amassed six platinum or multi-platinum and one diamond album certifications by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI) which were based from pure physical sales. She has won ten Awit Awards, two Aliw Awards, two Myx Music Awards, one MTV Pilipinas Music Award and one PMPC Star Award for Music among numerous others. Domestically, she was named as the best-selling female recording artist of 2009 by the Box Office Entertainment Awards with accumulated 100,000 record sales for the year. In addition, she was a recipient of the Elite Platinum Circle Award by the ASAP Platinum Circle Awards in 2009, and the Special Achievement Award by the Wave 89.1 Urban Music Awards in 2011.
Her album "Nina Live!" is the fourth best-selling certified album, best-selling live album and best-selling album of the 2000s in the Philippines, making Nina the third artist, first female, to receive a diamond certification by the PARI. She has spent a total of 37 weeks at the number-one position in Philippine charts from 2003 to 2006. Her songs "Jealous", "Foolish Heart" and "Make You Mine" topped the Philippine charts in 2003, making her the first female OPM artist to have three number-one singles on a single calendar year. Her hit single "Love Moves in Mysterious Ways" held the record for longest running number-one OPM song, spending twelve consecutive weeks atop the Philippine charts in 2005. Her single "Araw Mo" is the first original birthday song and ringtone by an OPM artist that became a moderate hit. Despite not having released new material since 2013, she was ranked at number 8 and 5 on Spotify's most-streamed female OPM artists of 2018 and 2020, respectively, with an average of 963,468 monthly listeners.
Her music videos have been regular chart-competitors in music video channels such as Myx and MTV Pilipinas. "Jealous" and "Foolish Heart" were the first and second OPM music videos to reach number-one on chart shows including the Myx Daily Top Ten and Myx Hit Chart. This makes Nina the first OPM artist to top both Myx charts. Due to the success of her music videos, she was selected in May 2004 as the third Celebrity VJ to be featured on Myx shows.
Aside from singing, she has earned recognitions through televised dance competitions. On December 2, 2007, Nina was declared Monthly Champion on ABC-5's "Shall We Dance?" when she performed a freestyle-jive with professional ballroom dancer Efren Ibo. On January 18, 2009, she was recognized as Daily Winner on ABS-CBN's "Magpasikat", a temporary replacement after the suspension of the noontime variety show "Showtime," after performing a group dance with the G-Force.
Other activities.
Philanthropy.
In late 2003, she became part of "Biyahe Tayo", a song patterned after We Are the World which was used to promote Philippine tourism (WOW Philippines). She recorded it along with OPM pioneers including Lea Salonga, Rico Blanco, Sharon Cuneta, the APO Hiking Society and Francis Magalona. (Roxanne Barcelo was also offered to take part in the song) The following year, she was also honored as Singing Ambassador of Goodwill by the Center for Pop Music Philippines for performing for the less-fortunate institutions, fund-raising concerts and inspirational talks to students. 
Since 2007, she has been participating on the annual Earth Day Jam event. On April 20, 2008, she and her brother King participated on the "Philippine Daily Inquirer"'s read-along session in celebration of Earth Month. In June 2008, she performed on the first Filipino exposition in the Middle East at the Dubai Trade Centre, which patronized Philippine-made products and brands. In July 2008, she became a representative for "Pose for PAWS," a fundraising event for the animal shelter launched by the Philippine Animal Welfare Society (PAWS). In December 2008, she performed on the fundraising dinner for "Ploning" entitled "Plato Para Kay Ploning," after the film was submitted as Philippine entry for Best Foreign Language Film on the 81st Academy Awards. On May 29, 2009, she supported Friendster Cares, a benefit concert for the education of less-fortunate kids. In August 2009, she performed on YCONCON: Isang Araw Lang – The Sequel concert at the Araneta Coliseum, which supports Daniel Razon's "Free College Education" program.
In November 2009, Nina was one of 80 Filipino artists who recorded "Kaya Natin Ito!", a song benefiting the victims of Typhoon Ondoy. All proceeds from the sales of the song went towards the disaster relief efforts of the Philippine Red Cross and Gawad Kalinga. On June 30, 2010, she was one of the Universal Records artists who performed the song "Bagong Pilipinas" for the inauguration of Philippine President Noynoy Aquino. Later, she performed on Aquino's victory street party with various artists. On October 22, 2010, she staged a concert at The Terraces, Ayala Center Cebu entitled Think Pink. All proceeds from the event went to ICanServe, a cancer foundation. On June 5, 2011, she performed on the Tunog Wunderground Concert which encouraged people to vote for Puerto Princesa Underground River as one of the New7Wonders of Nature. On July 31, 2011, she performed on a concert in Japan entitled Moving On, which was produced by GMA Pinoy TV and IPS for the sixth anniversary of Access TV. On November 20, 2012, she participated in the Saludo fund-raising concert for soldiers' families, benefiting HERO Foundation. On November 21, 2013, she performed in the National Clean Air Month concert. On November 27, she performed on Music That Moves, a benefit concert for the survivors of Typhoon Yolanda.
On February 7, 2020, Nina held a concert in Bacolod City which benefited the disadvantaged dependents of Kalipay Negrense Foundation, Inc. On May 17, she joined the online concert ceremony of Philippine International AIDS Candlelight Memorial (IACM). On June 14, she performed on PLDT Global's Musikalayaan online concert dedicated to OFW frontliners and volunteers during the COVID-19 pandemic. On June 27, she appeared as guest judge on Center for Pop's "Music of Hope," an online variety competition show dedicated to help local frontliners. Throughout 2020, she has supported fund-raising events benefiting local musicians who lost jobs during the pandemic and whose livelihoods were affected by Super Typhoon Rolly. She participated in the online concerts Musikaramay on May 26 and August 15, and We Sing as One on November 6.
Endorsements and media appearances.
In June 2006, Nina became the spokesperson for Goldilocks Bakeshop and released her single "Araw Mo", a birthday song used for the promotion of Goldilocks' 40th anniversary (40 Thoughtful Years). Sales of the single entirely went to charity, the Leukemic Indigents Fund and UNICEF. Aside from Goldilocks, she has recorded TV commercials for Ellips Cologne with fellow acoustic singers Nyoy Volante, Luke Mejares, and Jimmy Bondoc–each rendering an excerpt from songs identified to them like "You're My You" (Volante), "Because of You" (Mejares) and "Let Me Be the One" (Bondoc). Her songs were also used for Colgate and Nescafé advertisements. In addition, she became the first Filipina endorser of Sennheiser microphones and was a spokesperson for Gan Advanced Osseointegration Center (GAOC). In 2007, Nina strutted onstage during "The Lion King" segment of "Furry Tales" fashion show. She has been part of musical variety show "ASAP" on ABS-CBN/Kapamilya Channel/A2Z, variety game show "Wil Time Bigtime/Wowowillie" on TV5, and has hosted her own weekly radio show on Wave 89.1 entitled "Renditions of the Soul."
Personal life.
Nina began dating fellow acoustic singer Jimmy Bondoc in 2002. During their relationship, the couple acquired real estate properties in Boracay which were later sold after their break-up in 2005. Reportedly, Nina's family was not in favor of their relationship. In November 2005, she began dating fellow musician Nyoy Volante. They became close while working on the El Niño, La Niña (2004) concert series and her self-titled studio album. The couple broke up in May 2007 due to unresolved financial conflict. A year later, Nina began dating businessman Enrico "Coy" Enriquez. The two met through Dard Enriquez, Coy's brother, who became Nina's band guitarist. In November 2009, Nina announced her engagement with Enriquez. In 2015, they were secretly married after an eight-year relationship and she gave birth to a baby girl, Ysabelle Louise, on December 24, 2015, via painful normal delivery. She labored for 13 hours and decided to give birth without anaesthesia to feel the sacrifices of being a mother.
In an interview with ""'s Kris Aquino which aired in February 2009, Nina stated that she would file an estafa (fraud) case against Volante's parents, Evangeline and Oliver, for failing to settle their debts. She explained that in 2007, the couple borrowed ₱1.4 million from her. The following year, Oliver issued several checks as payment. However, some of the checks bounced. In July 2008, she entered into a compromise agreement with the couple under which Evangeline immediately paid her ₱300,000 in cash. The couple also agreed to settle the balance of ₱1.1 million in monthly installments—from August 20, 2008, to February 20, 2010. They issued her nineteen post-dated checks which were signed by Oliver. She said that she was able to encash some of the checks. However, the rest of the checks—which totaled ₱550,000—were not honored due to insufficient funds.
Concerts and tours.
Notable concerts.
As headlining act
As co-headlining act

</doc>
<doc id="6930609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930609" title="Bhasmasura (Hinduism)">
Bhasmasura (Hinduism)



</doc>
<doc id="6930611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930611" title="Pollegio">
Pollegio

Pollegio () is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland, located in the lower Leventina (valley crossed by the river Ticino).
History.
Pollegio is first mentioned around 1237 as "Poleccio/Puletio" though this comes from an 18th-century copy of the original document. In 1256 it was mentioned as "de Polecci". It used to be known by the German name of "Klösterli", though this is not used anymore. In the Middle Ages Pollegio belonged to the "Vicinanza" of Giornico. The village church was part of the Bodio parish (another member of the Vicinanza of Giornico) until 1602, when it became an independent parish. The Church of SS. MM. Innocenti was built after the Battle of Giornico (which took place in 1478), in memory of the fallen. It was renovated in the 17th century, in 1840 and in 1990.
Early history.
In the early centuries, there were two local centers: the mountain community of Saymola (Simbra, Symora) (probably the oldest of the two) and the other on the valley floor. The small village was part of the Commune of Leventina (with villages in the valley) and over the Novena pass to the Moleno river. The Leventina was given in 945 to the Canons of the Cathedral of Milan, who held it until 1403 when it passed into the hands of Uri. The municipality was formed by ten "Vicinie". Pollegio with Bodio and the mountain of Sobrio, were part of the Vicinanza of Giornico. The location at the intersection of the Three Ambrosian Rite Valleys, led to the creation, between 1210 and 1236, of a hospice for travelers known as the "Hospitale de Santa Maria in Campo Canino de Pollezio de gli Humiliati", directed by the religious order of the Humiliati. After 1326, the hospice was called a "monastery", under the direction of the Humiliati. In 1422 the Confederates met in Pollegio to swear an oath before the Battle of Arbedo. Moreover, from Pollegio, the Confederates sent a declaration of war to the Duke of Milan. In 1478 after the Battle of Giornico of 28 December (which occurred in the territories between Bodio and Pollegio) the Confederates buried their dead in Pollegio. In the following years, they built an ossuary which was later replaced with a Church devoted to the "Santissimi Martiri Innocenti" (Most Holy Innocent Martyrs). Until then, the only available church was the Church of St. Mary attached to the Humiliati hospice and monastery. The church was later transformed into a parish church (of the Ambrosian Rite and dedicated to the Innocent Martyrs). 28 December, the date of battle, became the patron saint's day. Later, the Confraternity (founded by San Carlo Borromeo as a Blessed Sacrament Confraternity and later erected to the glory of St. Anthony of Padua) added a new patron saint's day 13 June based on popular devotion to St. Anthony of Padua. The church, with a single nave and a barrel vault, was renovated in the Baroque style in the 18th century and further renovated in the 19th and mid-20th centuries.
In 1567, all the villages (members of the Vicinanza) of Giornico asked San Carlo Borromeo to give them the independence from the parish of Bodio, but without success. However, in 1602 Federico Borromeo decided in favor of the separation and Pollegio finally became an independent parish.
The Seminary of Pollegio.
On 6 June 1622, Federico Borromeo officially erected the Seminary of Pollegio using the assets of the suppressed order of Humiliati, and on 16 July 1626 he determined its rules of conduct. The foundation act was signed at the headquarters of the Archdiocese of Milan, in the presence of Uri and Leventina authorities. 
During 1673 and 1682 it was closed as a result of floods caused by rivers Brenno and Ticino. In 1683 the seminary resumed its educational activity, but between 1787 and 1796 there were additional closures following the temporary abolition of the Archbishop's seminary of Milan. In 1851 the Seminary of Pollegio was closed by a body of soldiers under the Council of State. Following this, the mayor of Pollegio was appointed as provisional administrator.
"The teaching staff and students".
The Seminary was governed by a rector who belonged to the congregation of the Oblates of Saint Ambrose and Charles founded by Carlo Borromeo in 1578. The line, known as "dozen", varied depending on the cost of living, at the end of 17th century was introduced a line "economy" to make education accessible to more students, equivalent to less than a quarter of the normal: those who chose this mode were called "menestrante" as the housing and received a bowl of soup, the rest of the food had to be taken from home and have it cooked by the chef of the seminary. Carlo Borromeo had set up five free seats for the youth of Leventina to become seminarians. Half of the students came from this valley, about a third from the Blenio Valley, one tenth of the Riviera. Other students came from the Swiss cantons (Uri especially) to learn the Italian language and from different locations, including Graubünden, Ticino and Lombardy.
"Rules and studies".
The school year began in November and ended in July. Sunday and Thursday afternoons were the days of vacation, as students had to speak in Latin, except that in moments of recreation and after dinner. For books, a student would have had a dictionary, a handbook of grammar and a short treatise in vogue in the schools of the spiritual, the author studied the most was Cicero.
"Everyday Life".
Thanks to the documents scattered in various archives there is some information about the food consumed by students and teaching staff: Cereals - rye, wheat mile and barley - came from the seminar and possessions from the property to Cardana (province of Varese). They also ate chestnuts, dried and fresh beans, beans, nuts, cheese (from Airolo by Iragna and the canton of Uri and the Schwyz), butter was used as a condiment. The wine was equivalent to 27% of food expenditure. the meat was mostly white: in 1697/98 had cooked 25 calf, two heifers, some lamb, some pigs and 23 chickens. In addition: fish, perch and tench and the fish of the river Ticino, where the seminary had a fish pond that they rented. The menu of 1697 also included apples, pears, strawberries, fruit, salt, lemon candies, cookies, candies, anicini, sugar, spices, cream, mascarpone, 950 snails, anchovies and 1174 eggs.
"Nationalization".
In 1852 the Grand Council launched an act of secularism about religious institutions which affected the Seminary of Pollegio too, making it owned by the State. It was then transformed into a lay school in 1873. On 29 January 1873 the School of Science was established in the canton of Ticino that lasted until 1878. The men's section was moved to Locarno while the female remained in Pollegio until 1881. In 1884 the Diocese of Lugano was created, and in Pollegio was installed the Gymnasium section of the diocesan seminary; which in 1919 was transferred to Lugano. Among his students figured Stefano Franscini by Bodio.
The Patricianship.
The Patricianship includes all families originating in the place that once administered the undistributed assets of the community such as forests, grasslands, mountains, the Alps and are responsible for the maintenance of the artifacts, roads, bridges, trails, springs and fountains. From the second half of the 20th century you may also include the children of a married to a non-patrician patrician patrician wives and married to a non-patrician.
20th century in Pollegio.
The traditional economy was based on agriculture and livestock, with granite mining starting in the 19th century. In 1999, construction on the new Gotthard Base Tunnel began, starting in the area between Pollegio and Bodio. In 2002–03, an information center for the project was set up.
Geography.
Pollegio has an area, , of . Of this area, or 16.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 67.1% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 10.4% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.7% is either rivers or lakes and or 7.1% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 3.1% and transportation infrastructure made up 5.4%. Out of the forested land, 60.8% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.7% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 11.5% is used for growing crops, while 1.7% is used for orchards or vine crops and 3.1% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 2.4% is unproductive vegetation and 4.8% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Leventina district. It consists of the village of Pollegio and the hamlet of Pasquerio.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is a Cardinal's cap and three five-pointed red stars ("Or an archbishop's cap Gules and in chief three mullets of the second fesswise.")
Demographics.
Pollegio has a population () of . , 47.6% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 17.2%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (90.2%), with Portuguese being second most common (3.6%) and German being third (2.2%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 16 speak German, 10 people speak French, 652 people speak Italian. The remainder (45 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 60.9% male and 39.1% female. The population was made up of 214 Swiss men (24.9% of the population), and 310 (36.0%) non-Swiss men. There were 232 Swiss women (26.9%), and 105 (12.2%) non-Swiss women.
In there were no live births to Swiss citizens and 3 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 8 deaths of Swiss citizens and 2 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 8 while the foreign population increased by 1. There was 1 non-Swiss man and 1 non-Swiss woman who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was an increase of 1 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 25 people. This represents a population growth rate of -2.7%.
The age distribution, , in Pollegio is; 51 children or 5.9% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 87 teenagers or 10.1% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 91 people or 10.6% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 121 people or 14.1% are between 30 and 39, 188 people or 21.8% are between 40 and 49, and 143 people or 16.6% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 88 people or 10.2% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 50 people or 5.8% are between 70 and 79, there are 42 people or 4.9% who are over 80.
, there were 284 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.4 persons per household. there were 185 single family homes (or 72.3% of the total) out of a total of 256 inhabited buildings. There were 38 two family buildings (14.8%) and 13 multi-family buildings (5.1%). There were also 20 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality was 3.41%. there were 351 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 3-room apartment of which there were 110. There were 16 single room apartments and 81 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 278 apartments (79.2% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 60 apartments (17.1%) were seasonally occupied and 13 apartments (3.7%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election, the most popular party was the SP which received 36.47% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (29.18%), the Ticino League (12.84%) and the FDP (10.65%). In the federal election, a total of 175 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 46.4%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 373 registered voters in Pollegio, of which 264 or 70.8% voted. 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 263 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 92 or 35.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 68 or 25.9%), the SSI (with 41 or 15.6%) and the LEGA (with 26 or 9.9%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 263 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 90 or 34.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD (with 64 or 24.3%), the LEGA (with 40 or 15.2%) and the PLRT (with 31 or 11.8%).
Economy.
, Pollegio had an unemployment rate of 4.39%. , there were 14 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 4 businesses involved in this sector. 308 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 8 businesses in this sector. 73 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 24 businesses in this sector. There were 363 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 33.3% of the workforce.
, there were 95 workers who commuted into the municipality and 269 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 2.8 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 6.9% used public transportation to get to work, and 65.6% used a private car. , there was one hotel in Pollegio.
Religion.
From the , 631 or 87.3% were Roman Catholic, while 9 or 1.2% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 57 individuals (or about 7.88% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 26 individuals (or about 3.60% of the population) did not answer the question.
Born in Pollegio.
Luigi Imperatori (1844–1900), one of the most famous pedagogists and theologians of Canton Ticino, teacher and doctor of theology, an important contributor to the catholic newspapers: "Catholic Believer" and "Freedom." First Director of the magistral school of Canton Ticino, from 1888 to 1900.
Education.
In Pollegio about 48.8% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Pollegio, there were a total of 116 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Pollegio there were 14 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 37 students attended the standard primary schools and 3 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 27 students in the two-year middle school and 2 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 10 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 8 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 13 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 2 students in the professional program.
, there were 56 students from Pollegio who attended schools outside the municipality.
Main sources.
Professor Roberto Forni
and
Michele Guerra

</doc>
<doc id="6930613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930613" title="Kosice (Hradec Kralove District)">
Kosice (Hradec Kralove District)



</doc>
<doc id="6930614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930614" title="Hopping vampire">
Hopping vampire



</doc>
<doc id="6930615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930615" title="Daireaux Partido">
Daireaux Partido

Daireaux Partido is a partido in the central west of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 16,000 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Daireaux, from Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="6930621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930621" title="Jupiter C">
Jupiter C



</doc>
<doc id="6930622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930622" title="Prato (Leventina)">
Prato (Leventina)

Prato (Leventina) is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
Prato (Leventina) is first mentioned in 1211 as "de Prato". In German it used to be known as "Pratt", though this name is no longer used. Between 1902 and 1939 it was known as "Prato-Fiesso". The village may have grown up around a "Sust" (an alpine warehouse and administrative center) along the Gotthard road. The village was the center of a "Vicinanza" which consisted of the "Degagne" of Prato, Fiesso and until 1866, Dalpe. The villages played an important part in the organization of the mule traders that traveled over the passes. They retained a leading role until 1820, when the first cantonal road was built over the pass. In 1561, the "Dazio Grande" was built in Rodi. It was used until 1834 used as a customs house and also as a "Sust". The same foundation of the building was used in 1999 for a cultural center.
The parish church of San Giorgio is first mentioned in 1210. The church has a romanesque tower and stucco from the 17th Century. It was renovated in the 1950s.
Traditionally, the local economy relied grazing. However, in the past century, the village has become a popular summer and winter tourist destination. In the hamlet of Rodi is the Tremorgio power plant (1918–26), and a cable car, built in 1928, that connects the valley with Lago Tremorgio. In 2005 two thirds of jobs in the municipality were in industry and a quarter were in the services sectors. In 2000, over half the labor force commutes.
Geography.
Prato (Leventina) has an area, , of . Of this area, or 6.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 46.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 2.9% is settled (buildings or roads), or 3.1% is either rivers or lakes and or 29.1% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.9% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.1%. Out of the forested land, 34.2% of the total land area is heavily forested, while 10.4% is covered in small trees and shrubbery and 2.3% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 5.3% is used for growing crops. Of the water in the municipality, 2.4% is in lakes and 0.8% is in rivers and streams. Of the unproductive areas, 15.0% is unproductive vegetation and 14.2% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Leventina district, in a depression in the mountains at an elevation of near the Monte Piottino gorge. It consists of the village of Prato and the hamlets of Fiesso, Mascengo, Rodi and Morasco.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure two dogs Argent rampant reguardant gorged Or holding together a fleur de lis of the last and a chief Argent, overall a chief Gules a cross Argent."
Demographics.
Prato (Leventina) has a population () of . , 26.2% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 6.8%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (85.1%), with Serbo-Croatian being second most common ( 6.8%) and Macedonian being third ( 3.0%). Of the Swiss national languages (), eight speak German, one person speaks French, and 338 people speak Italian. The remainder (50 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.4% male and 48.6% female. The population was made up of 163 Swiss men (36.1% of the population), and 69 (15.3%) non-Swiss men. There were 175 Swiss women (38.8%), and 44 (9.8%) non-Swiss women.
In , there were seven live births to Swiss citizens and two births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were five xeaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by two while the foreign population increased by two. At the same time, there was onsnon-Swiss man and two non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was a decrease of teo and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of four people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.4%.
The age distribution, , in Prato (Leventina) is: 46 children or 10.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 38 teenagers or 8.4% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 71 people or 15.7% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 49 people or 10.9% are between 30 and 39, 61 people or 13.5% are between 40 and 49, and 65 people or 14.4% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 55 people or 12.2% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 38 people or 8.4% are between 70 and 79, there are 28 people or 6.2% who are over 80.
, there were 166 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.4 persons per household. there were 204 single family homes (or 77.6% of the total) out of a total of 263 inhabited buildings. There were 42 two family buildings (16.0%) and 10 multi-family buildings (3.8%). There were also 7 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.84%. there were 340 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 106. There were 16 single room apartments and 106 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 166 apartments (48.8% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 164 apartments (48.2%) were seasonally occupied and 10 apartments (2.9%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 2.2 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The "Dazio Vecchio" is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election, the most popular party was the FDP which received 27.09% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (24.28%), the Ticino League (23.34%) and the SP (14.25%). In the federal election, a total of 163 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 56.8%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 296 registered voters in Prato (Leventina), of which 224 or 75.7% voted. Two blank ballots were cast, leaving 222 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 62 or 27.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 53 or 23.9%), the LEGA (with 31 or 14.0%) and the LEGA (with 31 or 14.0%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, three blank ballots were cast, leaving 221 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 57 or 25.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 56 or 25.3%), the PPD (with 52 or 23.5%) and the SSI (with 27 or 12.2%).
Economy.
, Prato (Leventina) had an unemployment rate of 2.42%. , there were 10 people employed in the primary economic sector and about five businesses involved in this sector. 100 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 11 businesses in this sector. 41 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 16 businesses in this sector. There were 202 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 39.1% of the workforce.
, there were 16 workers who commuted into the municipality and 114 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 7.1 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 6.4% used public transportation to get to work, and 58.9% used a private car. , there were 3 hotels in Prato (Leventina) with a total of 23 rooms and 54 beds.
Religion.
From the , 308 or 77.6% were Roman Catholic, while 11 or 2.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 62 individuals (or about 15.62% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 16 individuals (or about 4.03% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Prato (Leventina), about 59.6% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Prato (Leventina), there were a total of 68 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Prato (Leventina) there were 12 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 20 students attended the standard primary schools and two students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 18 students in the two-year middle school and 0 in their pre-apprenticeship, while three students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were five vocational students who were attending school full-time and 8 who attend part-time.
, there were 13 students from Prato (Leventina) who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6930624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930624" title="Heather Cox">
Heather Cox

Heather Cox ( Schoeny) (born June 3, 1970) is an American sportscaster who is a sports reporter for NBC. As Heather Schoeny, she played college volleyball at University of the Pacific.
Biography.
High school.
Cox attended Capistrano Valley High School in Mission Viejo, CA, and was a star player on both the basketball and volleyball teams there. Repeated injuries led her to choose volleyball as her collegiate sport.
Volleyball career.
Cox's collegiate athletic career included four years (1988 to 1991) on the University of the Pacific (Division I) women's volleyball team, serving as team captain on a team that was ranked in the top five nationally from 1988 to 1991, reached the Final Four and was a national championship runner-up in 1990. Cox graduated from the University of the Pacific with a degree in communications in 1992. She was a member of the United States National Volleyball Team from 1987 to 1995 and competed at the United States Olympic Festival in 1990. Cox played professional volleyball in the National Volleyball Association as team captain of the Sacramento Stars.
Broadcasting career.
ESPN.
From 1994 to 2016, Cox served as a reporter for ABC Sports and ESPN's coverage of the "NBA on ESPN", "NBA on ABC", college football on ABC, college football on ESPN, NCAA basketball on ESPN, NCAA basketball on ABC, the WNBA and professional volleyball. Beginning in 1994, she also served as the analyst for ESPN's coverage of the men's and women's NCAA Volleyball Championships and women's NCAA basketball. In 2012, Cox was named as Erin Andrews's replacement on ABC's "Saturday Night College Football Game of the Week".
Other work.
Cox began her broadcast career as a basketball analyst for Fox Sports Net in 1993 and covered college football, professional basketball and volleyball during her tenure at Fox Sports Net. Cox worked as a columnist for the Pac-10 Conference, writing a weekly national volleyball column in 2000. From 1999 to 2000, she served as a reporter on "Running with the Pac" magazine show.
Cox has also worked for CBS Sports, reporting on the men's NCAA basketball tournament, motocross and auto racing, and as an analyst on its women's college basketball coverage. She also served as an analyst and reporter for the 1998 and 2001 Goodwill Games for Turner Sports. In 2002, she reported on the NBA Playoffs. She served as analyst for Oxygen media network's coverage of the WNBA. She also served as a reporter for Olympic qualifying volleyball on the Oxygen media network.
Cox is the recipient of the 2004 USA Volleyball E. Douglas Boyden Media Recognition Award.
NBC and NFL Network.
From 2003 until its end, Cox served as a reporter on NBC's AVP pro beach volleyball coverage. She made her NBC Olympic debut reporting from both the volleyball and beach volleyball competitions at the 2004 Athens Games. Cox returned to NBC Sports for Olympic assignments as beach volleyball reporter in 2008 and 2012. During the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Cox served as a poolside reporter for American paralympic broadcaster NBCSN during the swimming competitions at the Paralympics.
Cox currently works as a sideline reporter for Golf Channel, and NBC's Olympic coverage. She previously worked the sidelines for Thursday Night Football broadcasts on NBC and NFL Network. She also worked alongside Michele Tafoya on NBC's two NFL playoff broadcasts for the 2016 season.

</doc>
<doc id="6930625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930625" title="Estonian Christian People's Party">
Estonian Christian People's Party



</doc>
<doc id="6930627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930627" title="Barbara Sainte-Hilaire">
Barbara Sainte-Hilaire



</doc>
<doc id="6930628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930628" title="Aleksandr Makovsky">
Aleksandr Makovsky

Aleksandr Vladimirovich Makovsky (Russian: Александр Владимирович Маковский; 5 April 1869, Moscow – 26 October 1924, Leningrad) was a Russian Realist painter and graphic artist; associated with the Peredvizhniki.
Biography.
His father was the painter, Vladimir Makovsky, who gave him his first art lessons. His uncles, Konstantin and Nikolay were also painters.
In 1884, he enrolled at the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture, where he studied with Illarion Pryanishnikov and Vasily Polenov as well as continuing to work with his father. While there, he was awarded several silver medals. From 1889 to 1893, he was in Paris, attending a private art school operated by Fernand Cormon. Upon completing his courses, he was named an "Artist First-Class" by the Academy.
The following year, he returned to the Academy and entered the workshops of Ilya Repin. He graduated in 1895. Two years later, he became the curator of textbooks at the Academy's library and, in 1898, was promoted to supervisor of teacher training. He was also the author of numerous textbooks on drawing and painting.
Later, he opened a private art studio. One of his most notable students was Vitaly Tikhov. In 1902, he became a member of the Peredvizhniki, with whom he been periodically exhibiting since 1893. From 1907 to 1922, he served as a member of the governing board.
In 1911, he was named an "Academician" and, two years later, was named a Professor at the Academy and appointed head of the Higher Art School. After the Academy was abolished, he taught at the Naval College. In 1919, he participated in the first "State Free Exhibition". Just before his death, he had a showing at an exhibition of the Association of Artists of Revolutionary Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="6930631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930631" title="Camp Fünfeichen">
Camp Fünfeichen

Camp Fünfeichen () was a World War II German prisoner-of-war camp located in Fünfeichen, a former estate within the city limits of Neubrandenburg, Mecklenburg, northern Germany. Built as Stalag II-A Neubrandenburg in 1939, it was extended by the officer camp Oflag II-E in 1940 (renamed Oflag-67, 1944). After the Soviet takeover in 1945 until 1949 it was used as special camp, NKVD-camp Nr. 9 of the Soviet secret service (NKVD). Today, the site of the camp is a memorial.
Stalag II-A.
The camp was built in September 1939 to house Polish prisoners from the German September 1939 offensive. The first POWs arrived on 12 September. Some were used for completing the camp construction while housed in tents during the winter. Others were sent to work on farms. From May/June 1940 Dutch and Belgian prisoners arrived from the Battle of France, followed by French. A number of the French were from African colonial regiments and were used for the worst work such as collecting trash.
A new camp for officers, Oflag II-E was created close by and Polish warrant officers and ensigns were transferred to it. In 1941 more prisoners arrived from the Balkans Campaign mostly British and Yugoslavians (mostly Serbs). In late summer 1941 Soviet prisoners from Operation Barbarossa arrived and were placed in a separate enclosure built south of the main camp.
In September 1943 some Italian internees were transferred to Stalag II-A from Italy after the capitulation. From November 1944 to early January 1945 American soldiers captured in various operations during the Allied drive eastward arrived. Most were immediately sent to "Arbeitskommandos". From February to April 1945 Neubrandenburg was a waypoint in the forced march westward of Allied prisoners from POW camps further east. The camp was finally liberated on 28 April 1945 when a Soviet armoured division reached Neubrandenburg.
Evacuation and repatriation.
In the middle of April most of the prisoners in the camp and in the outlying "Arbeitskommandos" were marched westward ahead of the advancing Red Army. Within a few days they were liberated by British troops pushing eastward.
Prisoner census.
The official prisoner census of 1 December 1944 records:
For a total of 25,720 including 21 officers. Only about 3,500 were in the camp itself, the rest were in outlying sub-camps.
Sub-camps.
Stalag II-A had about 50 subcamps, known as "Arbeitskommando". The largest was Teterow, several miles west of Neubrandenburg, which held about 175 prisoners living in a multi-storey brick building. They worked on the railway lines. Another was at Parchim.
Oflag II-E.
Polish prisoners from the German September 1939 offensive were placed in Stalag II-A. After some time the officers were separated out and placed initially in the garages of the adjoining German Army armoured division. Then a separate camp, Oflag II-E, was built for them on the west side of the highway.
From May and June 1940 Dutch and Belgian prisoners arrived from the Battle of France, followed by French. In 1941 more officer prisoners arrived from the Balkans Campaign mostly British, Yugoslavian, Serbs and Greeks. By February 1944 most of the officers had been transferred to other Oflags. Only Dutch officers and a few Russian officers remained. The camp was renumbered Oflag-67. It was liberated by a Soviet armoured division on 28 April 1945.
Prisoner census.
The official prisoner census of 1 December 1944 records:
NKVD Special Camp Number 9.
The Soviet administration of post-war Germany, SMAD, took over the former Stalag and turned it into a special camp of the Soviet secret service (NKVD). About 15,000 men, women and children were interned in the camp, and 5,000 of them died, primarily of starvation and disease. Between July and September 1948, 5,181 detainees were released. 2,801 prisoners were transferred to other NKVD special camps, the former Nazi concentration camps in Buchenwald (NKVD special camp Nr.2) and Sachsenhausen (NKVD special camp Nr.7).
Memorial.
Since 1993, the site of the former camp has been a memorial, the "Mahn- und Gedenkstätte Fünfeichen".

</doc>
<doc id="6930633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930633" title="Centras Eldership">
Centras Eldership

The Centras Eldership () is an Eldership in the city of Kaunas, Lithuania, based on two neighbourhoods of Kaunas - the Old City and the New City. It lies at the confluence of two major Lithuanian rivers, the Nemunas and the Neris. The borough borders Žaliakalnis in the north, Šančiai in the east, Aleksotas in the south and Vilijampolė in the west.
Kaunas Old Town.
Kaunas Old Town - the oldest part of Kaunas town, located to the east of the confluence of the Nemunas and Neris rivers, occupies 144 hectares. There are a lot of surviving Gothic, Renaissance and Baroque buildings, especially in the western part of the Old Town. Many notable buildings and facilities are located in the Old Town, such as the Kaunas Town Hall, the Kaunas Castle and the Historical Presidential Palace, House of Perkūnas, also the Kaunas Cathedral, the Church of St. Gertrude, Vytautas' church and many other churches. A great variety of museums, such as Museum of the History of Lithuanian Medicine and Pharmacy, Povilas Stulga Museum of Lithuanian Folk Instruments, Maironis Lithuanian literature Museum, Communication History Museum, Museum of Gemology and Kaunas City Museum are situated. The largest seminary in Lithuania - Kaunas Priest Seminary is located in the westernmost part of the Old Town. The seat of Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kaunas is based nearby. The main Kaunas street in the Old Town, and its continuation in the New Town - the pedestrian Laisvės Alėja runs across the Eldership. Laisvės Alėja is the longest pedestrian street in the whole Europe – 1.7 km. Laisvės Alėja connects Vilnius Street and Kaunas Cathedral. There was a horse-drawn tram in Laisvės avenue until 1929 which was called this way because a tram on a railing (Lith. "konkė") was drawn by horses. Banks, various offices, restaurants, cafes, and many modern shops are situated on this street. It is a favorite place for walks and meetings of Kaunas citizens.
Kaunas New Town.
Kaunas' New Town (Naujamiestis) - the district, located east of Old Town, began to develop in 1847, tzar-time type of the new rectangular structure of the city. The New Town of Kaunas occupies 314 hectares. The New Town is especially known for Interbellum functionalism architecture complexes when Kaunas became the Temporary capital of Lithuania. In the New Town Kaunas City Municipality, numerous business centers, hotels, and some shopping centers are situated. There are also the Kaunas Synagogue, the St. Michael the Archangel Church and the only mosque in Lithuania, the Kaunas Mosque located in the New Town. Kaunas Red Cross Hospital is located in the centre. On the bank of Nemunas River, on an island, the largest indoor arena in the Baltic states was opened in 2011, the Žalgiris Arena. The arena was acknowledged as the most
visited the Euroleague arena two years in a row.
The Lithuanian University of Health Sciences, the Vytautas Magnus University and the Kaunas University of Technology are located there, as well as numerous museums: the Tadas Ivanauskas Zoological Museum, the Žmuidzinavičius Museum, the Vytautas the Great War Museum and Kaunas Museum for the Blind. M. K. Čiurlionis National Art Museum based in central Kaunas, is primarily dedicated to exhibiting the works of Lithuanian painter and musician M.K. Čiurlionis. Central Kaunas is connected with the neighbourhood of Žaliakalnis by the Žaliakalnis Funicular Railway constructed in the 1930s.
The headquarters and some other administrative buildings of the Kaunas Fortress' commandant are still used for public needs. Central Kaunas is also well known for its public statuary.
The main cultural institutions of the city are also located there, such as Kaunas State Musical Theatre, Kaunas State Drama Theatre, Kaunas Chamber Theatre and Kaunas Symphony Orchestra.
The M. K. Čiurlionis Bridge and Vytautas the Great Bridge link the district to Aleksotas and Petras Vileišis Bridge links it to Vilijampolė. The New Town of Kaunas is well connected with Kaunas International Airport by developed public transportation. At the eastern edge of central Kaunas, central railway station and Kaunas Railway Tunnel are situated.

</doc>
<doc id="6930637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930637" title="Mihail Venkov">
Mihail Venkov

Mihail Angelov Venkov (; born 28 July 1983) is a Bulgarian retired footballer who played as a defender, and now a manager.
Career.
Venkov was raised in Septemvri Sofia's youth teams, then he signed with Litex. In 2004, he was loaned for six months to Belite orli Pleven and played in the B PFG. During the 2009/2010 and 2010/2011 seasons he lost his place in the first team for Litex and eventually was transferred to Lokomotiv Plovdiv in July 2011.
On 15 March 2012, Venkov scored a last-minute goal against Levski Sofia in a 1/4 final match of the Bulgarian Cup to level the score at 1–1 and send the game into extra time. The team from Plovdiv eventually won 2–1.
CSKA Sofia.
During the summer of 2012 (following a change of ownership in Lokomotiv Plovdiv), Venkov signed a contract with CSKA Sofia, but was initially unable to play in official matches for the team due to a transfer prohibition imposed on the "redmen". The ban was lifted in mid September 2012 and Venkov made his official debut on 22 September, in the 0–1 away loss against Ludogorets Razgrad. He scored his first goal for CSKA from a header against Slavia Sofia in 0–2 away win. Venkov made his first appearance in The Eternal Derby on 20 October 2012, playing the full 90 minutes of the 1–0 win over Levski Sofia.
Cherno More.
On 8 July 2013, Venkov signed a two-year deal with Cherno More Varna. He made his league debut in a 1–0 away loss against Chernomorets Burgas on 19 July, playing the full 90 minutes.
On 7 April 2015, Venkov scored his first goal for Cherno More in the 48th minute of a Bulgarian Cup match against Lokomotiv Plovdiv. Cherno More won 5–1. Having been appointed vice-captain for the 2014–15 season, Venkov was promoted to club captain after the departure of former captain Kiril Kotev in May 2015. On 23 May, Venkov signed a one-year contract extension with Cherno More until 30 June 2016. A week later, he received his first major honor with the Sailors, as he captained the team that eliminated Levski Sofia 2–1 in the 2015 Bulgarian Cup Final.
On 29 May 2017, Venkov's contract was terminated by mutual consent.
Slavia Sofia.
In June 2017, Venkov joined Slavia.
Chernomorets Balchik.
On 25 July 2018, following a short stint at Kazakhstan Premier League side Kyzylzhar, Venkov returned to Bulgaria, joining Chernomorets Balchik.
International career.
Between 2002 and 2005 Venkov played for Bulgaria national under-21 football team. Since 2004 he has been playing for the Bulgaria national football team. He has currently been capped seven times for Bulgaria. In October 2012, following a long absence from international duty, he was recalled to the national side by manager Luboslav Penev for two 2014 World Cup qualifiers – against Denmark and the Czech Republic, but remained an unused substitute in these games. In February 2015, following the refusal of a number of Bulgarian and foreign clubs to release players for national team duty, Venkov again became part of the roster, being called up by new manager Ivaylo Petev to participate in a non-official friendly match against Romania. On 7 February, he played over the course of the whole second half of the match that ended in a 0:0 draw.

</doc>
<doc id="6930638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930638" title="Kansas City Power &amp; Light">
Kansas City Power &amp; Light



</doc>
<doc id="6930639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930639" title="Zhupa">
Zhupa

Zhupa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6930643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930643" title="Peace Punk">
Peace Punk



</doc>
<doc id="6930646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930646" title="Quinto, Ticino">
Quinto, Ticino

Quinto () is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
A grave from the early Iron Age has been found in the valley. The modern municipality of Quinto is first mentioned in 1227. The old "Vicinanza", whose statutes were first written in 1408, consisted of numerous "degagne". They owned alpine pastures, particularly on the Alp Piora, and the rights to provide donkeys or mules for freight transport over the passes.
Quinto originally belonged to the parish of Biasca, but had already separated into an independent parish before the 12th Century. The parish church of SS Peter and Paul was first mentioned in 1227, but dates from the 8th-9th Century. The original romanesque building was extended several times and completely rebuilt in 1681.
The local economy was dominated by agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and dairy farming. In 1896, the first dairy cooperative opened in the village. The commissioning of the Gotthard Railway in 1882, the 1910 drainage project and the 1982-83 construction of the A2 motorway led to the economic growth and development of Quinto.
The now decommissioned Cantonal Sanatorium in Piotta, was in operation from 1905-62. The military airfield in Ambrì operated between 1940-94. In 1920, Lago Ritom power station for the Swiss Federal Railways came online. A steep funicular railway goes up the mountainside to the lake and dam. While economic growth slowed between the 1950s and the 70s, some major industries, especially in metal processing, electronics, woodworking and carpentry, were active. Since the 1980s the municipality has been shrinking.
Founded in 1937, the Hockey Club Ambri-Piotta plays a significant role for the economy of the region. Since 1989, Quinto houses the Center for Alpine Biology on Alp Piora. The Alp Piora is also known as tourist destination and for its cheese.
Geography.
Quinto has an area, , of . Of this area, or 5.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 27.0% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 2.6% is settled (buildings or roads), or 3.6% is either rivers or lakes and or 37.0% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.7% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.6%. Out of the forested land, 22.0% of the total land area is heavily forested and 1.7% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 4.7% is used for growing crops. Of the water in the municipality, 3.0% is in lakes and 0.7% is in rivers and streams. Of the unproductive areas, 20.5% is unproductive vegetation and 16.5% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Leventina district, along both sides of the upper Leventina valley. The borders stretch all the way from the peaks above the valley, at an elevation of over , to the valley at . It consists of the village of Quinto and the village sections of Altanca, Ambrì, Catto, Deggio, Piotta and Varenzo. The municipalities of Airolo and Quinto are considering a merger some time in the future into a new municipality which will be known as Airolo-Quinto.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules three bends Argent and in the chief of the last letters QV of the first."
Demographics.
Quinto has a population () of . , 18.1% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -11%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (91.5%), with Serbo-Croatian being second most common ( 4.4%) and German being third ( 2.2%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 23 speak German, 4 people speak French, 967 people speak Italian. The remainder (63 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.8% male and 51.2% female. The population was made up of 405 Swiss men (39.1% of the population), and 101 (9.7%) non-Swiss men. There were 436 Swiss women (42.1%), and 94 (9.1%) non-Swiss women. In there were 10 live births to Swiss citizens, 5 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 5 while the foreign population decreased by 1. There were 6 non-Swiss men and 2 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was an increase of 20 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 13 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.7%.
The age distribution, , in Quinto is; 95 children or 9.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 106 teenagers or 10.2% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 102 people or 9.8% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 119 people or 11.5% are between 30 and 39, 168 people or 16.2% are between 40 and 49, and 137 people or 13.2% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 122 people or 11.8% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 103 people or 9.9% are between 70 and 79, there are 84 people or 8.1% who are over 80.
, there were 433 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.4 persons per household. there were 548 single family homes (or 79.1% of the total) out of a total of 693 inhabited buildings. There were 75 two family buildings (10.8%) and 46 multi-family buildings (6.6%). There were also 24 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 1%. there were 960 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 282. There were 42 single room apartments and 276 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 433 apartments (45.1% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 478 apartments (49.8%) were seasonally occupied and 49 apartments (5.1%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 1.9 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Sports.
The Swiss hockey team HC Ambrì-Piotta is based in Quinto.
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Parish Church of SS. Pietro e Paolo is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance. The villages of Altanca, Piotta, Quinto and Ronco are all listed as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 34.64% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (24.08%), the Ticino League (19.74%) and the SP (12.05%). In the federal election, a total of 428 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 59.0%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 735 registered voters in Quinto, of which 547 or 74.4% voted. 8 blank ballots were cast, leaving 539 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 173 or 32.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 109 or 20.2%), the SSI (with 92 or 17.1%) and the LEGA (with 88 or 16.3%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 6 blank ballots were cast, leaving 541 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 171 or 31.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 112 or 20.7%), the LEGA (with 112 or 20.7%) and the SSI (with 78 or 14.4%).
Economy.
, Quinto had an unemployment rate of 2.72%. , there were 83 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 24 businesses involved in this sector. 102 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 14 businesses in this sector. 326 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 58 businesses in this sector. There were 466 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 37.1% of the workforce.
, there were 151 workers who commuted into the municipality and 183 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.2 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 4.7% used public transportation to get to work, and 58.8% used a private car. , there were 4 hotels in Quinto with a total of 87 rooms and 189 beds.
Religion.
From the , 896 or 84.8% were Roman Catholic, while 15 or 1.4% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 120 individuals (or about 11.35% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 26 individuals (or about 2.46% of the population) did not answer the question.
Climate.
Between 1991 and 2020 Quinto had an average of 110.8 days of rain or snow per year and on average received of precipitation. The wettest month were August and October during which time Quinto received an average of of rain or snow. During these months there was precipitation for an average of 11.5 days and 91 days respectively. The driest month of the year was February with an average of of precipitation over 6.7 days.
Education.
In Quinto about 61.5% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Quinto there were a total of 156 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Quinto there were 19 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 51 students attended the standard primary schools and 4 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 36 students in the two-year middle school and none in their pre-apprenticeship, while 14 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 8 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 22 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 2 students in the professional program.
, there were 4 students in Quinto who came from another municipality, while 20 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Quinto is served by the infrequently served Ambrì-Piotta station. The station is within the municipal boundaries, and on the Gotthard railway. More frequent service is provided by an hourly Autopostale between Bellinzona and Airolo, which stops at several points in the municipality including Ambrì-Piotta station. Other Autopostale services also serve Quinto.
The municipality is also the home of Ambri Airport, which provides general aviation facilities. The Ritom funicular provides tourist access to Ritom Lake and other tourist destinations on the northern flank of the valley.

</doc>
<doc id="6930648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930648" title="Azmak Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Azmak Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Azmak Cemetery near Suvla Bay, Gallipoli, Turkey was constructed shortly after the end of the First World War by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission and filled with graves brought in from small cemeteries and sites around it. It is on the south side of Azmak Dere, from which it takes its name, a small ravine which runs into the salt lake at Suvla Bay. Special memorials record the names of 53 British and 3 Newfoundland soldiers buried in the cemetery but whose graves are not positively identified.
Notable graves.
Amongst the graves are 115 men of the 1/5th (Territorial) Battalion of the Norfolk Regiment, of which the names of only two are known. The battalion, which included a company recruited from workers from the Sandringham House Royal estate, suffered heavy losses on 12 August 1915 and a myth grew up that the unit had advanced into a mist and simply disappeared. However the remains of many of them were found after the Armistice and interred in the cemetery.
In 1999 a TV film, "All the King's Men" was made about the incident.

</doc>
<doc id="6930649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930649" title="Milk and Toast and Honey">
Milk and Toast and Honey

"Milk and Toast and Honey" is a song by Swedish pop music duo Roxette, released on 10 September 2001 as the third and final single from their seventh studio album, "Room Service" (2001). It was the only single from the album to be released in the United Kingdom, where it peaked at number 89. The song performed better elsewhere, becoming the album's highest-charting single in Portugal, and Roxette's longest-charting single in several years in both Sweden and Switzerland. 
Composition and style.
The song was written by Per Gessle, who said he had the melody stuck in his head for six months before writing it down and recording a demo in his Tits &amp; Ass recording studio in Halmstad. The liner notes of the duo's 2002 compilation "The Ballad Hits" describe vocalist Marie Fredriksson as believing the song would be "a piece of cake to sing, but [she] had to work harder than on any other Roxette track to find 'the magic moment'."
This is at odds with Fredriksson's own recollection of recording the song; she later said that she appeared at the recording studio as infrequently as possible during the "Room Service" sessions, and that she instructed her taxi driver to wait outside the studio while she performed the vocals of "Milk and Toast and Honey". Fredriksson said that she had "lost all desire to continue Roxette", primarily as a result of tension created by co-producer Michael Ilbert during the recording of Roxette's 1999 studio album "Have a Nice Day", explaining: "I ended up under [Ilbert's] thumb. He would only communicate with Per and [Roxette's regular producer] Clarence Öfwerman. He complained to everyone that my voice was weak, that I needed to re-record vocals, and that my songs weren't good enough. He criticised me until I started crying. I lost all my confidence, and no longer felt happy in Roxette."
According to Ultimate Guitar, "Milk and Toast and Honey" has a moderately fast tempo of 141 beats per minute. The verse is composed of two repetitions of D–Fm/C–Bm–D/A–G–D–A7, with the pre-chorus consisting of two short bars of G–D–A. The first chorus is made up of two sequences of D–G–Bm–A, with subsequent choruses and the outro modified up a whole tone to a repeating pattern of E–A–Cm–B.
Commercial performance.
The single was only released commercially in Europe and Australia, and was the only single from "Room Service" to be released in the United Kingdom, albeit peaking at just number 89 there. It performed moderately well on several European record charts, peaking at number 21 and spending 14 weeks on the Sverigetopplistan chart to become their longest-charting single in their home country since "You Don't Understand Me" in 1995. It performed even better on the Swiss Hitparade: peaking at number 29 and spending 17 weeks on the chart, making it their longest-charting single in that country since "Sleeping in My Car" in 1994.
It became the parent album's biggest hit in various Spanish and Portuguese-speaking territories. It peaked at number five on the Portuguese Singles Chart, and also performed well in neighbouring Spain—reaching number 18 on their airplay chart and number 29 on their national sales chart.
Formats and track listings.
All songs written by Per Gessle.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Ballad Hits".
Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="6930650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930650" title="Rang-du-Fliers">
Rang-du-Fliers

Rang-du-Fliers () is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France 5 miles (8 km) southeast of Montreuil-sur-Mer.
History.
Rang-du-Fliers became a commune in 1870, having been previously only a hamlet of Verton.

</doc>
<doc id="6930651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930651" title="Sobrio">
Sobrio

Sobrio is a former municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 10 April 2016 it merged into the municipality of Faido.
Geography.
Sobrio had an area, , of . Of this area, or 9.7% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 70.2% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 3.1% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 10.8% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 2.7% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.5%. Out of the forested land, 64.4% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.1% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 7.1% is used for growing crops and 2.7% is used for alpine pastures. Of the unproductive areas, 6.4% is unproductive vegetation and 4.4% is too rocky for vegetation.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules a cat sejant guardant Argent." The cat on the flag of Sobrio comes from the nickname given to the inhabitants of this municipality."
Demographics.
Sobrio had a population () of 80. , 2.4% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 3.8%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian(79.7%), with German being second most common (18.9%) and French being third ( 1.4%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 14 speak German, 1 person speaks French, 59 people speak Italian.
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.9% male and 48.1% female. The population was made up of 42 Swiss men (51.9% of the population) and 39 Swiss women (48.1%). In there was 1 live birth to Swiss citizens and 1 death of a Swiss citizen. There was 1 non-Swiss woman who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was an increase of 2 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 1 people. This represents a population growth rate of 3.7%.
The age distribution, , in Sobrio is; 10 children or 12.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 7 teenagers or 8.6% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 9 people or 11.1% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 3 people or 3.7% are between 30 and 39, 8 people or 9.9% are between 40 and 49, and 16 people or 19.8% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 6 people or 7.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 10 people or 12.3% are between 70 and 79, there are 12 people or 14.8% who are over 80.
, there were 38 private households in the municipality, and an average of 1.9 persons per household. there were 236 single family homes (or 94.8% of the total) out of a total of 249 inhabited buildings. There were 7 two family buildings (2.8%) and 2 multi-family buildings (0.8%). There were also 4 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 260 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 80. There were 22 single room apartments and 59 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 38 apartments (14.6% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 221 apartments (85.0%) were seasonally occupied and 1 apartment (0.4%) was empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Sights.
The entire village of Sobrio-Ronzano is designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 30.43% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (21.74%), the SP (17.75%) and the Ticino League (13.77%). In the federal election, a total of 35 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 56.5%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 58 registered voters in Sobrio, of which 45 or 77.6% voted. 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 44 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 17 or 38.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 9 or 20.5%), the SSI (with 7 or 15.9%) and the LEGA (with 4 or 9.1%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, The most popular party was the PPD which received 16 or 35.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 11 or 24.4%), the PLRT (with 10 or 22.2%) and the LEGA (with 3 or 6.7%).
Economy.
, Sobrio had an unemployment rate of 1%. , there were 9 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 3 businesses involved in this sector. people were employed in the secondary sector and there were businesses in this sector. 2 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 2 businesses in this sector. There were 24 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 33.3% of the workforce.
, there were 11 workers who commuted into the municipality and 12 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.1 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 4.2% used public transportation to get to work, and 58.3% used a private car. , there was one hotel in Sobrio.
Religion.
From the , 57 or 77.0% were Roman Catholic, while 7 or 9.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 10 individuals (or about 13.51% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census).
Education.
In Sobrio about 81.3% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Sobrio there were a total of 13 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Sobrio there were 3 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 2 students attended the standard primary schools and 0 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 5 students in the two-year middle school.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 0 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 2 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 1 students in Sobrio who came from another municipality, while 8 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6930654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930654" title="Holt Township">
Holt Township

Holt Township is the name of a few places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="6930656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930656" title="Stephanie Ready">
Stephanie Ready

Stephanie Ready (born November 30, 1974) is an American broadcaster for NBA on TNT and was formerly a broadcaster for the National Basketball Association's (NBA) Charlotte Hornets. Prior to her broadcasting career, she was a basketball coach and gained recognition as the first female coach of a men's professional league team in 2001. After a stint as a head coach at the NBA Development League, she was a part of Hornets’ broadcasts for over a decade, including a stint as the first full-time female NBA game analyst.
Personal life.
Born in Takoma Park, Maryland, Ready attended National Cathedral School in Washington, D.C. followed by Coppin State University in Baltimore, where she played basketball and volleyball for the Coppin State Eagles. She ranked in the top 10 on the basketball career list in steals (2nd), assists (4th), points (8th) and rebounds (10th). Ready graduated cum laude with a bachelor's degree in psychology. "Ebony" magazine named her one of "The 56 Most Intriguing Blacks of 2001" along with Shaquille O'Neal, Kobe Bryant, and Michael Jordan.
Career.
Coppin State athletic director Ron "Fang" Mitchell urged Ready to hold off on graduate school and instead to pursue coaching, and he hired Ready to coach the women's volleyball team. Ready was hired two weeks before the start of the season, at the time, Ready was one of the youngest Division I volleyball coaches in the country and soon an 129-match losing streak of Lady Eagles' was snapped. Mitchell called upon Ready again to assist him on the bench for Coppin State's men's basketball team. She became only the third woman ever to coach Division I men's basketball; Jennifer Johnston of Oakland University in Michigan, and Bernadette Mattox, who coached at the University of Kentucky from 1990 to 1995 under former coach Rick Pitino, were the others. Of the three, Ready was the only woman who was allowed to recruit off-campus. "It was a no-brainer", Mitchell told blackvoices.com, of his decision to hire Ready. "She's very detail-oriented and one of the most organized people I've had a pleasure to work with."
Before Ready resigned from Coppin State in August 2001, she had received a ringing endorsement from Mitchell, who had spoken to NBA Development League senior director Karl Hicks and Rob Levine. (now the G-League), From 2001 to 2003, she was an assistant coach for the now defunct Greenville Groove of the National Basketball Development League (now the G-league). She started as a Bobcats’ sideline reporter in 2004–05. In 2006 and 2007, Ready worked as a sideline reporter during the first and second rounds of the Women's Final Four of college basketball for ESPN2. Ready was also a part-time sideline reporter for TNT during the 2006 and 2007 NBA Playoffs, and the WNBA Playoffs on ESPN2 during 2006. After several years as the Hornets' sideline reporter and host on Fox Sports Carolinas, Ready was named an analyst on August 27, 2015, making her the first full-time female NBA game analyst. 
In 2018 she moved to Turner Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="6930663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930663" title="Oxford of the East">
Oxford of the East



</doc>
<doc id="6930664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930664" title="2006 New England Patriots season">
2006 New England Patriots season

The 2006 season was the New England Patriots' 37th in the National Football League (NFL), their 47th overall and their seventh under head coach Bill Belichick. They finished with a 12–4 record and a division title before losing to the Indianapolis Colts in the playoffs.
The Patriots entered the season without their two starting wide receivers from 2005; David Givens left in free agency while Deion Branch held out for a new contract before being traded in early September. They were eventually replaced with Reche Caldwell and Jabar Gaffney, who was signed as a street free agent in October. Back-to-back losses in November ended the team's streak of 57 games without consecutive losses, three games shy of the NFL record. The field surface of Gillette Stadium was changed from natural grass to Field Turf in time for the November 26 game against Chicago.
With a 12–4 record and their fourth straight division title, the Patriots entered the playoffs as the fourth seed. They defeated the New York Jets in the . A close win over the top-seeded San Diego Chargers on the road in the set the Patriots up to face their rival Indianapolis Colts in the . Despite opening up a 21–3 lead, the Patriots stumbled down the stretch at the RCA Dome and the Colts emerged with a 38–34 victory, from which they would go on to win Super Bowl XLI.
As of 2024, this is the last time that the Patriots won a wild-card game.
Offseason.
Staff changes.
First-year defensive coordinator Eric Mangini was hired to be head coach of the New York Jets, marking the second year in a row that New England's defensive coordinator was hired as a head coach. He would be replaced as defensive coordinator by Dean Pees, who had been linebackers coach for the club the past two years and as secondary coach by assistant secondary coach Joel Collier. Assistant offensive line coach Matt Patricia was moved to linebackers coach to replace Pees. Quarterbacks coach Josh McDaniels was promoted to offensive coordinator after New England went one season without replacing former offensive coordinator Charlie Weis. Defensive coaching assistant Mike Judge was moved to an offensive coaching assistant, while Josh Boyer and Kevin Bickers joined the coaching staff as defensive and special teams coaching assistants, respectively.
Departures.
Free agency saw multiple departures for the Patriots, including long-time kicker Adam Vinatieri signing with the Indianapolis Colts, and wide receiver David Givens signing with the Tennessee Titans. Linebacker Willie McGinest, the Patriots' first-round pick in the 1994 NFL draft, was released on March 9 and signed with the Cleveland Browns six days later. Tyrone Poole, Duane Starks, and Chad Brown were also released early in the offseason, with Brown returning for training camp before being cut again prior to the start of the season. Other free agency departures were André Davis (Buffalo Bills), Christian Fauria (Washington Redskins), Matt Chatham (New York Jets), Tim Dwight (New York Jets), Tom Ashworth (Seattle Seahawks), and Michael Stone (Houston Texans).
The preseason also saw the eventual loss of Super Bowl MVP wide receiver Deion Branch. Branch held out all of mini-camp, training camp, the preseason and into the regular season before eventually being traded to the Seattle Seahawks for a first-round pick in the 2007 NFL draft on September 11.
Also during the preseason, on August 8, offensive lineman Ross Tucker was traded to the Cleveland Browns for a conditional late-round 2007 draft pick. Two weeks later, offensive tackle Brandon Gorin was traded to the Arizona Cardinals for another conditional 2007 draft choice, which later became one of the Patriots' four picks of the 2007 sixth round. As the Patriots made their final roster cut-downs, they also traded running back Patrick Cobbs to the Pittsburgh Steelers on September 1 for a conditional 2007 draft pick. Both Tucker and Cobbs did not make their respective rosters and the Patriots did not receive the conditional picks.
Arrivals.
The offseason brought the arrival of fifth-year wide receiver Reche Caldwell from the San Diego Chargers, who would become the Patriots' leading receiver in 2006. Another acquisition came during the preseason, when the Patriots signed veteran linebacker Junior Seau, who had retired just four days earlier. Other arrivals were Mel Mitchell, Martin Gramatica, Tebucky Jones, and Barry Gardner. Free agents or potential free agents Don Davis, Hank Poteat, Ross Tucker, Artrell Hawkins, Chad Scott, Troy Brown, Stephen Neal, and Heath Evans were all re-signed, while Richard Seymour, Dan Koppen, and Russ Hochstein all received long-term contract extensions.
On June 5, the Patriots traded wide receiver Bethel Johnson to the New Orleans Saints for defensive tackle Johnathan Sullivan, the sixth overall pick in the 2003 NFL draft. Sullivan was arrested on June 30 in New Orleans, Louisiana for marijuana possession after being stopped for a vehicle music noise violation. Neither players made their respective rosters to begin the 2006 season.
On September 2, wide receiver Doug Gabriel was traded to the Patriots from the Oakland Raiders in exchange for the Patriots' 2007 fifth-round pick.
Opening training camp roster.
As of the Patriots' first training camp practice at Gillette Stadium on July 28, they had the NFL maximum of 80 players signed to their roster. Deion Branch did not count against the limit as he held out of training camp and was placed on the Reserve/Did Not Report list. Also, the Patriots received eight total roster exemptions for the NFL Europe allocations of Earl Charles, Todd Mortensen, Rich Musinski, Zuriel Smith, Antwain Spann, Nick Steitz, and Ray Ventrone (one for each player, plus one bonus exemption because of the time Ventrone spent on a practice squad in 2006).
Regular season results.
Week 1: vs. Buffalo Bills.
The Patriots opened the regular season at home against the Buffalo Bills. On the very first play of the game, quarterback Tom Brady was sacked by Bills linebacker Takeo Spikes, causing a fumble, which was recovered and returned as a five-yard touchdown to put the Bills ahead to an early lead.
New England would tie the game with a nine-yard Brady touchdown pass to wide receiver Troy Brown, but the Bills re-took the lead a 53-yard field goal by Bills kicker Rian Lindell and an 18-yard touchdown run from running back Anthony Thomas. Despite their first half struggles, the Patriots would win after a 17-yard pass to running back Kevin Faulk, a 32-yard field goal by rookie kicker Stephen Gostkowski, and a safety by defensive end Ty Warren on quarterback J. P. Losman to secure a 19–17 Patriots victory. The win was the 100th of Bill Belichick's career.
Week 2: at New York Jets.
The Patriots traveled to "The Meadowlands" for an AFC East matchup with the New York Jets, as head coach Bill Belichick would go up against his former assistant coach in first-year Jets head coach Eric Mangini. The Patriots outscored the Jets 17–0 in the first half, beginning with a one-yard Corey Dillon touchdown run in the first quarter. In the second quarter, the Pats increased their lead with a Gostkowski field goal and a 13-yard touchdown catch by rookie wide receiver Chad Jackson. In the third quarter, the Patriots continued on their lead, with running back Laurence Maroney getting a one-yard touchdown run. However, their lead would start to diminish, as the Jets rebounded with 14 points on a 71-yard touchdown reception by wide receiver Jerricho Cotchery and a 46-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Laveranues Coles. The Patriots were able to hold the Jets to a field goal in the fourth quarter, preserving a seven-point lead and their second win of the season. With the win, the Patriots' franchise record climbed above .500 for the first time since the 1968 season.
Week 3: vs. Denver Broncos.
The Patriots returned home for a Week 3 Sunday night game with the Denver Broncos, who eliminated the Patriots from the playoffs in 2005. Both sides prevented each other from striking up a single point in the first quarter, but in the second quarter, the Patriots fell behind early with kicker Jason Elam kicking a 23-yard field goal and wide receiver Javon Walker catching a 32-yard touchdown pass. After a scoreless third quarter, the Broncos increased their lead to 17 after another Walker touchdown reception. New England would counter with a score of their own, as Brady threw an eight-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Doug Gabriel, the Patriots' only points of a 17–7 loss.
Week 4: at Cincinnati Bengals.
Hoping to preserve their division lead, the Patriots flew to Paul Brown Stadium for a Week 4 showdown with the Cincinnati Bengals. In the first quarter, the Bengals opened the scoring with two Shayne Graham field goals. The Patriots would get on the board in the second quarter, as Maroney ran in for an 11-yard touchdown and Brady completed a 25-yard touchdown pass to Gabriel. Down by eight in the third quarter, running back Rudi Johnson ran two yards for a touchdown, the final Cincinnati points of the game. The Patriots took their one-point lead and turned it into a 25-point win, starting with a Maroney 25-yard touchdown run. In the fourth quarter, Gostkowski kicked a 24-yard field goal, Dillon scored from one yard out on a run, and Brady completed a three-yard touchdown pass to tight end Daniel Graham. With their victory, the Patriots advanced to 3–1 and maintained their lead in the AFC East.
Week 5: vs. Miami Dolphins.
Following a road victory over Cincinnati, the Patriots went back home for Week 5, as they faced the Miami Dolphins. In the first quarter, Gostkowski kicked a 35-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, New England continued to build on their lead, as Gostkowski kicked a 31-yard field goal, while Brady completed a 10-yard touchdown pass to Troy Brown. The Dolphins responded with a two-yard touchdown run by running back Ronnie Brown and a 40-yard field goal by Olindo Mare as the first half came to a close. After a scoreless third quarter, the Patriots secured their victory with the only points of the second half, a one-yard touchdown pass to Kevin Faulk. With the win, the Patriots advanced 4–1.
Week 7: at Buffalo Bills.
Coming off their bye week, the Patriots flew to Ralph Wilson Stadium for a rematch with their AFC East rival, the Buffalo Bills. Dillon got the Patriots off to an early start with an eight-yard touchdown run. Even though Bills' Rian Lindell got Buffalo on the board with a 40-yard field goal, Dillon again helped the Patriots increase their lead with a 12-yard touchdown run. After a scoreless second quarter, Brady hooked up with Jackson on a 35-yard touchdown pass for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Lindell would add a 46-yard field goal, but Brady put the game away with a five-yard touchdown pass to Gabriel, giving New England the season sweep over Buffalo and a 5–1 record.
Week 8: at Minnesota Vikings.
The Patriots travelled to the Metrodome for a "Monday Night Football" showdown with the Minnesota Vikings, who, like the Patriots, boasted an excellent run defense. The Patriots, who took to the air with a spread offense for the entire game, opened with a seven-play, 86-yard strike that ended with a touchdown pass from Brady to wide receiver Reche Caldwell. Their next drive was for 93 yards which resulted in a 23-yard Gostkowski field goal. And just before halftime the Patriots moved 74 yards in 11 plays to take a 17–0 lead on a nine-yard scoring toss to tight end Benjamin Watson. The only Vikings score of the game came on a 71-yard punt return by Mewelde Moore in the third quarter; Laurence Maroney immediately answered on the ensuing kickoff, with a 77-yard return to Minnesota's 21-yard line, his second return of over 70 yards in as many weeks. The Patriots' lead grew to 17 after a seven-yard touchdown reception by Brown with 9:03 in the third quarter and then became 31–7 with a touchdown catch by Jackson. The Patriots defense also intercepted four passes from quarterbacks Brad Johnson and Brooks Bollinger. On Bollinger's first drive after relieving Brad Johnson he was sacked three times in a row for a net loss of 23 yards. With their fourth straight victory, the Patriots advanced to 6–1.
This was the Patriots' third and final game played in the Metrodome.
Week 9: vs. Indianapolis Colts.
Riding high from their Monday Night win over the Vikings, the Patriots returned home for a highly anticipated Sunday Night matchup with the Indianapolis Colts. In the first quarter, the Colts drew first blood as quarterback Peyton Manning completed a five-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Marvin Harrison for the only score of the quarter. In the second quarter, Dillon helped the Patriots respond with a one-yard touchdown run. Indianapolis would re-take the lead on a one-yard touchdown run by rookie running back Joseph Addai. Dillon again tied the game, this time on a four-yard touchdown run. Colts kicker Adam Vinatieri then nailed a 23-yard field goal to give the Colts a lead they would not relinquish. In the third quarter, the duo of Manning and Harrison struck again with a four-yard touchdown strike. The Patriots responded with a 49-yard field goal, Gostkowski's career longest to date. In the fourth quarter, Vinatieri kicked a 31-yard field goal to make the score 27–17. On the Patriots next possession they drove down the field but ended up going 3-and-out in the red zone and settled for a 26-yard Gostkowski field goal. On the Colts' ensuing drive, a drive set up a Vinatieri field goal attempt but the former Patriots kicker missed this one to give his former team a chance to tie it up and send the game into overtime. However, the Patriots comeback attempt was thwarted when a Brady pass deflected off the hands of Faulk and was intercepted by Cato June. With the loss, the Patriots dropped to 6–2. As part of his 5-catch effort in the game, Troy Brown became the Patriots' all-time leader in receptions. (Stanley Morgan, 534)
This would be the last time Brady lost at home to a team from another AFC division during the regular season until Week 1 of the 2017 season.
Week 10: vs. New York Jets.
Trying to rebound from their home loss to the Colts, the Patriots stayed at home for a rainy AFC East rematch with the Jets. After a scoreless first quarter, the Patriots struck first with a Gostkowski 31-yard field goal. However, the Jets would fire back with running back Kevan Barlow getting a touchdown on a two-yard run. Gostkowski would get one more field goal for New England, in the form of a 21-yarder. In the third quarter, New York kicker Mike Nugent kicked a 34-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, the Jets continued their pursuit, as Pennington completed a 22-yard touchdown pass to Cotchery. The Patriots tried to fight back, as Brady completed a 15-yard touchdown pass to Caldwell, following it up with a successful two-point conversion pass to Caldwell. However, New York's defense managed to bottle up any chance of a New England comeback. With the loss, the Patriots would lead the Jets by one game in the AFC East at 6–3. Also with the loss, the Patriots' 57-game streak without consecutive losses, which dated back to the 2002 season, was snapped. The San Francisco 49ers still hold the record of 60-straight games without consecutive losses (1995 – 1999). For Tom Brady, this would be his last regular-season loss at home until Week 9 of the 2011 season. 
This turned out to be the last time Brady lost at home to another AFC team during the regular season until Week 17 of the 2014 season.
FieldTurf installation.
After the game was played on a completely sodden, torn-up natural grass field, the Patriots used the two-week interval before the next home game to install a new "FieldTurf" surface at Gillette Stadium.
Week 11: at Green Bay Packers.
Trying to rebound from back-to-back home losses, the Patriots traveled to Lambeau Field for a Week 11 showdown with the Green Bay Packers. In the first quarter, Brady hooked up with Graham on a two-yard touchdown pass for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Dillon got a one-yard touchdown run, while Brady hooked up with Caldwell on a 54-yard touchdown pass. Late in the quarter Packers quarterback Brett Favre was sacked by Tedy Bruschi and was knocked out of the game with injury to his right (throwing) wrist. In the third quarter, Brady threw an eight-yard touchdown pass to Watson for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, New England put the game away with Brady throwing his fourth touchdown pass of the day to Maroney, a 19-yard strike. With the win, the Patriots improved to 7–3.
Week 12: vs. Chicago Bears.
After blanking the Packers in the previous week, the Patriots prepared to take on the team with the number one overall defense in the NFL: the Chicago Bears. This game marked the first game the Patriots played on the new FieldTurf at Gillette Stadium. Turnovers dominated the entire game as both teams turned the ball over a total of nine times; in the first half alone Benjamin Watson caught a Tom Brady pass at the Bears' 1-yard line but was hammered and the ball popped into the Bears' hands; later Laurence Maroney was stripped of the ball in the Bears redzone; the Bears for their part surrendered a Rex Grossman interception by Asante Samuel and a Grossman fumble in the Pats' redzone. The Patriots scored first with a one-yard Maroney run in the second quarter. The Bears responded with a field goal with 4:04 remaining. The half ended with Gostkowski making his longest field goal of the season and his career with a 52-yarder to make the score 10–3. In the second half, running back Cedric Benson scored the Bears' next touchdown with a two-yard run with 14:53 remaining in the game. The touchdown came after a defensive pass interference penalty call that resulted in a 45-yard gain for the Bears. The Patriots responded by marching down field and scoring on a Brady touchdown pass to Watson to make the score 17–10; this drive was highlighted by a nine-yard first-down run by Brady in which he faked out Bears linebacker Brian Urlacher. After another defensive pass interference penalty that gave the Bears 1st and 10 at the New England 18-yard line, the Patriots second-ranked defense stopped the Bears. limiting them to a field goal, putting the score at 17–13 with 3:31 left. The game closed on a Dillon fumble which gave the Bears one final chance to drive down field, but quarterback Rex Grossman threw his third interception of the night to cornerback Asante Samuel. The Patriots then knelt down to end the game and improve their record to 9–3. The three interceptions by Samuel were the most interceptions by one player in one game since Roland James in 1983. As part of his 6-catch effort, Kevin Faulk eclipsed the Patriots' franchise running back reception record. (Tony Collins, 261) Also with the win, Tom Brady became the Patriots' all-time winningest quarterback. (Steve Grogan, 75 wins)
Week 13: vs. Detroit Lions.
Dillon turned out to be the savior of a turnover-filled game as the Patriots were able to rally from an eight-point deficit to defeat the visiting Detroit Lions, 28–21. The Patriots committed a season-high ten penalties throughout the game and turned the ball over four times as they struggled to defeat a team which was able to move the ball at will and were also able to convert a safety. The first quarter was a back and forth fight with the Patriots gaining the only edge on a Gostkowski field goal. The second quarter saw both offenses gaining momentum with the Lions scoring the first touchdown in the game on a five-yard Jon Kitna pass to Mike Furrey with 13:44 remaining. The Lions then expanded their lead with a field goal by Jason Hanson to lead 10–3. The Patriots responded by driving down the field and scoring on a six-yard Dillon run to tie the game 10–10. On the Lions' ensuing possession Kitna threw the first of his three interceptions for the afternoon to Samuel. The Patriots then marched down the field and the first half ended on a 27-yard Gostkowski field goal. The second half started with the Lions slowly moving the ball down the field for a field goal to even up the score again 13–13. Brady then threw an interception to Dré Bly, which gave the ball back to the Lions. The Lions again were unable to get into the endzone and settled on another field goal for a 16–13 lead. On the following possession, Heath Evans got tackled by Jared DeVries which was called as a safety, giving the Lions an 18–13 lead and possession. The Lions once more could not score a touchdown and took another field goal to take a 21–13 lead. The Patriots were not deterred, though, as on the next drive they were able to get Dillon into the endzone again and complete the two-point conversion with a pass from Brady to Brown. With this touchdown, Dillon became only the 15th NFL player with more than 11,000 career rushing yards. Following the kickoff came an onslaught of turnovers. First Kitna threw an interception to Mike Vrabel to give the Patriots the ball and a chance for the lead, but Watson fumbled the ball after a reception which gave the ball back to the Lions. Kitna then was sacked and fumbled which gave the ball once again back to the Patriots. This turned out to be the definitive scoring drive as Dillon scored his third touchdown of the night, putting the Patriots ahead 28–21. On the final drive for the Lions, Kitna again threw an interception to Vrabel, who suffered a minor injury on the play. The Patriots then ended with three kneel downs and came out victorious 28–21 and improving to 9–3 for the season. With this victory the Patriots also swept the entire NFC North.
Week 14: at Miami Dolphins.
On a day when a victory would give the Patriots their third consecutive AFC East title, nothing seemed to go right for the Patriots as the Dolphins outplayed the Patriots to split the season series and give New England their first shutout since 2003, defeating the Patriots 21–0. The first half was a defensive struggle with the only points coming from Olindo Mare, in the form of a 35-yard and a 33-yard field goal. Even the punter, Donnie Jones, gave the Patriots issues as multiple punts resulted in the offensive unit starting within the five-yard line. The furthest the Patriots drove into Dolphin territory was in the third quarter with the Dolphins leading 13–0. Ending with a would-be touchdown reception by Watson, a play consisting of a lateral from Faulk to Brady was ruled penalty, as Faulk's lateral was an illegal forward pass. On the following possession, Matt Cassel took over the offense, but he too succumbed to the Dolphin defense and was sacked, fumbling the ball. The Dolphins marched within the New England 10-yard line again but knelt to burn out the clock. The loss gave the Patriots a 4–2 division record and 9–4 record overall. This would be the Patriots' last shutout loss until their 2016 Super Bowl-winning season, 10 years later. This would be the team's final regular season loss until Week 3 of the 2008 season, their last regular-season road loss until Week 6 of the 2008 season, and Brady's last regular-season loss until Week 2 of the 2009 season.
Week 15: vs. Houston Texans.
After a road loss to the Dolphins, the Patriots returned home for a Week 15 matchup with the Houston Texans. In the first quarter, New England started off strong with Faulk scoring on an 11-yard touchdown run. Afterwards, Gostkowski nailed a 36-yard field goal, while Brady completed a 43-yard touchdown pass to Faulk. In the second quarter, the Patriots' domination of the game continued with Gostkowski kicking a 32-yard field goal, while Brady completed a six-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Jabar Gaffney. In the third quarter, the Texans finally managed to get a touchdown with running back Ron Dayne getting in on a one-yard run. The Patriots responded with cornerback Ellis Hobbs returning a kickoff 93 yards for a touchdown. In the fourth quarter, New England wrapped up the game with Gostkowski kicking 31-yard and 21-yard field goals. With the win, the Patriots improved to 10–4.
Week 16: at Jacksonville Jaguars.
The Patriots clinched their fourth straight AFC East title with a close road win. After a scoreless first quarter, the Jaguars responded to a Gostkowski field goal with a Maurice Jones-Drew touchdown run. The Patriots challenged the play, as Jones-Drew appeared to fall down at the line of scrimmage, but the ruling on the field was upheld. New England came back before the halftime to retake the lead at 10–7 on a Dillon one-yard touchdown run. The Patriots maintained their lead as the teams traded touchdowns in the second half, including another touchdown by Jones-Drew. A David Garrard fumble with 1:55 left in the fourth quarter, recovered by safety Rodney Harrison, sealed the Patriots' 11th win of the season.
Week 17: at Tennessee Titans.
The Titans had a slim shot of making the playoffs if the Bengals and Broncos lost and they could beat the Patriots, adding importance to the game for the Titans. Having already clinched a playoff berth, the Patriots used their full complement of available players, made evident by touchdowns from all three Patriots quarterbacks: Brady, Cassel, and Vinny Testaverde all threw touchdown passes in this game. With his fourth-quarter touchdown pass, Testaverde extended his steak of seasons with a touchdown pass to 20. After trading field goals in the first quarter, Dillon gave the Patriots a seven-point lead on a 21-yard touchdown run. After another 10 points from the Patriots, the Titans closed the half with an 81-yard punt return by Pacman Jones for a touchdown. The second half saw three touchdowns before Testaverde's, a 62-yard reception by Caldwell, a 28-yard run by Vince Young, and a one-yard touchdown run by Maroney. The game proved costly for the Pats as Rodney Harrison was knocked out of the game and the playoffs in the second quarter.
Postseason results.
Wild Card Round vs. New York Jets.
Tom Brady completed 22 out of 34 passes for 212 yards and two touchdowns, while New England Patriots running backs Corey Dillon, Laurence Maroney, and Kevin Faulk combined for 145 rushing yards in a win over the New York Jets. Receiver Jabar Gaffney, who caught only 11 passes during the season, finished his first career playoff game with 8 catches for 104 yards.
New England took the opening kickoff and drove down the field, with Gaffney catching three passes for 34 yards on a 65 yard-drive that ended with Dillon's 11-yard touchdown run. Later in the quarter, Jets defensive back Hank Poteat recovered a fumble from Dillon on the Patriots 15-yard line, setting up Mike Nugent's 28-yard field goal to cut their deficit to 7–3. On their first possession of the second quarter, the Jets took a 10–7 lead after receiver Jerricho Cotchery (who finished with 100 receiving yards and 19 rushing yards) caught a pass from Chad Pennington and took it 77 yards for a touchdown. However, New England countered with Stephen Gostkowski's 20-yard field goal on their next drive to tie the game. Then, after forcing the Jets to punt, the Patriots marched to New York's 1-yard line. On third down with 11 seconds remaining in the half and no timeouts left, Brady took the snap, faked a handoff to Dillon, and then hit tight end Daniel Graham in the back of the end zone for a touchdown to give them a 17–10 halftime lead.
Nugent kicked a field goal on the Jets' opening drive of the second half, but New England responded with another field goal from Gostkowski to retake their 7-point lead. On the Jets' ensuing possession, linebacker Rosevelt Colvin deflected a lateral from Pennington behind the line of scrimmage. Most of the players on both teams (including Colvin) thought the lateral was an incomplete forward pass and the play was over, but New England's Vince Wilfork realized the play was still ongoing and recovered the fumble. After picking up the ball, Wilfork ran 31 yards to the Jets 15-yard line before being tackled by Cotchery, setting up Gostkowski's third field goal to make the score 23–13.
Early in the fourth quarter, Nugent kicked his third field goal to cut New York's deficit back to within a touchdown, 23–16. However, the Patriots responded with a 13-play, 63-yard drive that took 6:23 off the clock and ended with Brady's 7-yard touchdown pass to Faulk. Then on the first play of the Jets' ensuing drive, New England defensive back Asante Samuel put the game away by intercepting Pennington's pass and returning it 36 yards for a touchdown.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Divisional Round at San Diego Chargers.
In the final game of the divisional playoffs, the New England Patriots faced the San Diego Chargers team, who were unbeaten at home in the regular season. The Chargers' roster included league MVP running back LaDainian Tomlinson, who broke several league records, nine Pro Bowlers, and five All-Pro players. However, four Chargers turnovers, three of which were converted into Patriots scoring drives, helped lead to a Chargers loss. San Diego lost despite outgaining the Patriots in rushing yards, 148–51 and total yards, 352–327, while also intercepting three passes from Tom Brady.
In the first quarter, after San Diego coach Marty Schottenheimer opted to go for it on 4th-and-11 instead of attempting a 47-yard field goal, quarterback Philip Rivers lost a fumble while being sacked by Mike Vrabel, setting up Stephen Gostkowski's 51-yard field goal with 40 seconds left in the period. In the second quarter, Chargers receiver Eric Parker's 13-yard punt return set up a 48-yard scoring drive that ended with LaDainian Tomlinson's 2-yard touchdown run, giving his team a 7–3 lead. Then, on the Patriots' next drive, linebacker Donnie Edwards intercepted a pass from Brady and returned it to the 41-yard line. But the Chargers ended up punting after Rivers was sacked on third down by defensive back Artrell Hawkins. Later in the quarter, Tomlinson rushed twice for 13 yards and took a screen pass 58 yards to the Patriots' 6-yard line, setting up a 6-yard touchdown run by Michael Turner with 2:04 left in the half. New England responded with a 72-yard scoring drive, with receiver Jabar Gaffney catching four passes for 46 yards, including a 7-yard touchdown reception with six seconds left in the half, cutting their deficit to 14–10.
In the second half, Brady threw his second interception of the game. But once again, the Chargers were forced to punt after Rivers was sacked on third down. Mike Scifres' 36-yard punt pinned New England back at their own 2-yard line, and San Diego subsequently forced a punt, but Parker muffed the kick and New England's David Thomas recovered the fumble at the Chargers' 31-yard line. New England's drive seemed to stall after Brady fumbled on 3rd and 13. Patriots' tackle Matt Light recovered it and Chargers defensive back Drayton Florence drew a 15-yard unsportsmanlike conduct penalty for taunting Patriots tight end Daniel Graham. The drive continued and Gostkowski eventually kicked a 34-yard field goal to cut their deficit to 14–13. Then, on San Diego's next drive, linebacker Rosevelt Colvin intercepted a pass from Rivers at the New England 36-yard line. The Patriots then drove to the Chargers 41-yard line, but were halted there and had to punt. After the punt, Rivers completed two passes to tight end Antonio Gates for 31 yards and a 31-yard pass to Vincent Jackson, setting up Tomlinson's second rushing touchdown to give the Chargers an 8-point lead, 21–13.
New England responded by driving to San Diego's 41-yard line. On a fourth-down conversion attempt, Brady's pass was intercepted by Marlon McCree, but Troy Brown stripped the ball, and receiver Reche Caldwell recovered it. Schottenheimer unsuccessfully challenged the play and lost a timeout. Four plays later, Brady threw a 4-yard touchdown pass to Caldwell. On the next play, running back Kevin Faulk took a direct snap and scored the two-point conversion, tying the game. Then, after forcing a punt, Brady completed a 19-yard pass to Daniel Graham. Two plays later, Caldwell caught a 49-yard strike down the right sideline to set up Gostkowski's third field goal to give them a 24–21 lead with only 1:10 left in the fourth quarter. With no timeouts left, San Diego drove to the Patriots 36-yard line on their final possession, but Nate Kaeding's 54-yard field goal attempt fell short with three seconds remaining in the game.
Gaffney finished with ten catches for 103 yards and a touchdown. Tomlinson rushed for 123 yards, caught two passes for 64 yards, and scored two touchdowns.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
AFC Championship Game at Indianapolis Colts.
The Colts gained 455 offensive yards, 32 first downs, and managed to overcome a 21–3 deficit to the Patriots to earn their first trip to the Super Bowl since the 1970 season. Their 18-point comeback was the largest ever in an NFL conference championship game, and tied the record for the fourth largest NFL postseason comeback. The Colts' win came after the Patriots had eliminated the Colts from the playoffs twice in the previous three seasons.
Midway through the first quarter, the Patriots drove 71 yards to the Colts' 4-yard line, featuring a 35-yard run by Corey Dillon. On third down, running back Laurence Maroney fumbled a handoff, but the ball rolled into the end zone where offensive lineman Logan Mankins recovered it for a touchdown. The Colts responded by driving 56 yards and scoring with Adam Vinatieri's 42-yard field goal to cut their deficit to 7–3. On their ensuing drive, the Patriots drove to a fourth down on the Colts' 34-yard line. Rather than attempt a 52-yard field goal, New England decided to go for it and Tom Brady completed a 27-yard pass to Troy Brown. On the next play, Dillon scored on a 7-yard touchdown run. Then, two plays after the ensuing kickoff, cornerback Asante Samuel intercepted a pass from Peyton Manning and returned it 39 yards for a touchdown, giving New England a 21–3 lead. Later in the quarter, Indianapolis drove 80 yards in 15 plays, with Vinatieri finishing the drive with a 26-yard field goal, cutting the score to 21–6 with 11 seconds left in the half.
On the opening drive of the second half, the Colts marched down the field and scored with a 1-yard run by Manning. Then, after forcing a punt, a 25-yard reception by Dallas Clark and a 19-yard run by Dominic Rhodes moved the ball to the Patriots' 32-yard line. Following a controversial pass interference penalty on defensive back Ellis Hobbs in the end zone, Manning threw a 1-yard touchdown pass to defensive lineman Dan Klecko, who had lined up at the fullback position on the play. Then, receiver Marvin Harrison caught a 2-point conversion pass to tie the game at 21. The league issued a written apology to Hobbs following the game, admitting that the pass interference call should not have been called.
Hobbs returned the ensuing kickoff 80 yards to the Colts' 21-yard line. Four plays later, Brady threw a 6-yard touchdown pass to receiver Jabar Gaffney, who made a leaping catch in the back of the end zone. Although he landed out of bounds, officials ruled that he was pushed out while in the air, and the Patriots took a 28–21 lead. Rhodes started out the Colts' next drive with two receptions for 23 yards and a 9-yard run. Then, Clark caught a 23-yard pass at the 9-yard line. Three plays later, Rhodes fumbled the ball at the 1-yard line, but center Jeff Saturday recovered it in the end zone for a touchdown to tie the game.
After an exchange of punts, New England kicker Stephen Gostkowski made a 28-yard field goal to give them a three-point lead. The Colts responded with a 36-yard field goal by Vinatieri, set up by Clark's 52-yard reception, to tie the game at 31. Hobbs returned Vinatieri's kickoff 41 yards to the Patriots' 46-yard line. Then, Brady completed a 25-yard pass to tight end Daniel Graham. Indianapolis managed to halt the drive at their 25-yard line, but Gostkowski kicked a 43-yard field goal to give the Patriots a 34–31 lead with 3:49 left in the game. New England's defense subsequently forced a punt, but the Patriots ended up punting back to the Colts after running only a minute off the clock.
Manning started off the drive with three nonconsecutive completions for 58 yards, with a roughing-the-passer penalty on the third play adding another 12, moving the ball 70 yards in a span of 19 seconds and bringing up a first down at the Patriots' 11-yard line. Three plays later, Joseph Addai's 3-yard touchdown run gave the Colts their first lead of the game with only one minute remaining. Brady responded by leading his team to the Colts' 45-yard line. But cornerback Marlin Jackson intercepted Brady's next pass with 17 seconds left, ending the game, and sending the 2006 Indianapolis Colts to their third Super Bowl in team history (first as the Indianapolis Colts).
The Colts were the first No. 3 seed since the NFL expanded the playoffs in 1990 to host a conference championship game and the first overall since the Washington Redskins did so in 1987. It was also the first time since said season where a team hosted a championship game after playing a road game in the divisional round, and was also the first conference championship game in which neither team had the first round bye and had to play three rounds to get to the Super Bowl.
First quarter
Second quarter
Third quarter
Fourth quarter
Awards and honors.
Numerous players were the recipients of awards for their performances in the 2006 regular season:
Pro Bowl selections.
Patriots offensive tackle Matt Light and defensive end Richard Seymour were both named to the AFC team in the 2007 Pro Bowl. Seymour was an original selection but did not participate in the game due to an injury. Light was named as an injury replacement to Tarik Glenn four days before the game. Quarterback Tom Brady reportedly declined an invitation to the play in the game, favoring the 2007 AT&amp;T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am golf tournament instead.

</doc>
<doc id="6930667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930667" title="WNBA Tuesday">
WNBA Tuesday



</doc>
<doc id="6930668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930668" title="OPACY">
OPACY



</doc>
<doc id="6930672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930672" title="Jones residential college">
Jones residential college



</doc>
<doc id="6930674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930674" title="Rosemary Dobson">
Rosemary Dobson

Rosemary de Brissac Dobson, AO (18 June 192027 June 2012) was an Australian poet, who was also an illustrator, editor and anthologist. She published fourteen volumes of poetry, was published in almost every annual volume of "Australian Poetry" and has been translated into French and other languages.
The Judges of the New South Wales Premier's Literary Awards in 1996 described her significance as follows: "The level of originality and strength of Rosemary's poetry cannot be underestimated, nor can the contribution she has made to Australian literature. Her literary achievements, especially her poetry, are a testament to her talent and dedication to her art."
Life.
Rosemary Dobson was born in Sydney, the second daughter of English-born A.A.G. (Arthur) Dobson and Marjorie (née Caldwell). Her paternal grandfather was Austin Dobson, a poet and essayist. Her father died when she was five years old. She attended the prestigious Frensham School where her mother obtained work as a housemistress. Here she met Australian children's author, Joan Phipson, who had been asked to set up a printing press. She stayed on, after completion of her studies, as an apprentice teacher of art and art history.
When she turned 21, Dobson attended the University of Sydney as a non-degree student. She also studied design with Australian artist, Thea Proctor. She worked as an editor and reader for the publisher Angus and Robertson with Beatrice Davis and Nan McDonald.
She married the publisher Alec Bolton (1926–1996), whom she met while working at Angus and Robertson, in Sydney, and they had three children. During these Sydney years she became well-acquainted with other writers and artists, such as poet Douglas Stewart and his artist wife, Margaret Coen, writer and artist Norman Lindsay, Kenneth Slessor, and James McAuley. They lived in London from 1966 to 1971, during which she travelled widely in Europe and cemented her lifelong interest in art.
The Boltons moved to Canberra in 1971 where Alec Bolton set up the Publications area of the National Library of Australia. In Canberra they were friendly with David Campbell, A. D. Hope, R. F. Brissenden and Dorothy Green. As time wore on, her local circle expanded to include younger writers such as Alan Gould and Geoff Page.
Her older sister, Ruth Dobson, became Australia's first woman career diplomat ambassador.
Rosemary Dobson died in a Canberra nursing home on 27 June 2012.
Literary career.
Dobson began writing poetry at the age of seven. Her first collection, "In a Convex Mirror", appeared in 1944, and was followed by thirteen more volumes. Her work demonstrates her love of art, antiquity and mythology as well as her experience of motherhood. Hooton describes her work as both consistent and varied: "consistency balanced with variety, reserve with passion, past with present, tradition with innovation, ancient myth with contemporary life, domesticity with culture, and above all Australia with Europe.
Douglas Stewart suggested that she is "a religious person in the deepest and most important sense". In her introduction to her 1973 "Selected Poems", Dobson wrote of her aims: "I hope it will be perceived that the poems presented here are part of a search for something only fugitively glimpsed, a state of grace which one once knew, or imagined, or from which one was turned away. Surely everyone who writes poetry would agree this is part of it - a doomed but urgent wish to express the inexpressible".
In addition to poetry she produced anthologies including two, with poet David Campbell, containing their translations of Russian poetry. She also wrote prose.
Brindabella Press.
In 1972, Dobson's husband, Alec Bolton, set up Brindabella Press on which he worked for the rest of his life, working more actively after his retirement from the Library in 1987. Dobson had input as editorial adviser and proof-reader. Both she and Bolton enjoyed the art of the private press in a time when computer type-setting was taking over and producing a more standardised product.
Two early publications from the press, published in 1973, were a small sheet edition of some of Dobson's poems titled "Three poems on water-springs" and a small book of poems by David Campbell titled "Starting from Central Station : a sequence of poems".
Portraits.
Norman Lindsay made three portraits of Dobson, the first one at the suggestion of Douglas Stewart who suggested he draw or paint Australian writers. Lindsay's first portrait of Dobson was a drawing, but it was then suggested that he do an oil painting. Lindsay asked her to wear her rose-coloured evening dress. This painting is now owned by the National Library of Australia, as is the dress she wore for the portrait. Dobson sat a third time for Lindsay, at his request and wearing clothes of his suggestion. This portrait is now missing.
Artist Thea Proctor made four drawings of Dobson while Dobson was attending Proctor's art classes.
Bibliography.
Poetry
Translation
Non-Fiction
Selected individual poems
Legacy.
The Rosemary Dobson Award was awarded as part of the ACT Poetry Award by the ACT Government between 2005 and 2011, for an unpublished poem by an Australian poet.

</doc>
<doc id="6930677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930677" title="Banquet of chestnuts">
Banquet of chestnuts



</doc>
<doc id="6930681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930681" title="Sestertia">
Sestertia



</doc>
<doc id="6930692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930692" title="1962 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1962 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 1962 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 6, 1962 to select the governor of the state of South Carolina. Donald S. Russell won the Democratic primary and ran unopposed in the general election becoming the 107th governor of South Carolina. It is the last uncontested South Carolina gubernatorial election.
Democratic primary.
Candidates.
The South Carolina Democratic Party held their primary for governor in the summer of 1962 and Donald S. Russell succeeded on his second attempt by easily defeating the current Lieutenant Governor and son of former governor Burnet R. Maybank. He garnered more than 50% of the vote and avoided a runoff, effectively becoming the next governor of South Carolina due to lack of opposition in the general election.
General election.
The general election was held on November 6, 1962 and Donald S. Russell was elected the next governor of South Carolina without opposition. Turnout was much higher than the previous gubernatorial election because of a competitive senate race between Olin D. Johnston and W. D. Workman, Jr.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6930695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930695" title="Maria Galvany">
Maria Galvany

Maria Galvany or María Galvany (1878? - 2 August 1927) was a Spanish coloratura soprano known for her showy, virtuoso singing technique. Her career, however, ended in obscurity.
Her biography and operatic engagements.
Very little is known about the life of this singer. It is generally accepted that she was born in 1878 in Granada, Spain, though the exact year and date of her birth are disputed (some sources give 1874 or 1876). She appears to have studied, however, at the Madrid Royal Conservatory under Lázaro María Puig and Napoleone Verger, and made her operatic debut in the title role of Gaetano Donizetti's "Lucia di Lammermoor" at Cartagena around 1896.
While in Spain, her repertoire included operas such as "La sonnambula", "La traviata", "Hamlet", "Lakmé", and "Les Huguenots" (all sung in Italian). After becoming a favorite of the Spanish public, she went on to sing in Italy. Apparently she never sang at La Scala; instead, she performed at Milan's Teatro Dal Verme in 1901. Two years later, she performed with success at Parma in "La sonnambula", alongside Piero Schiavazzi. During 1905 she toured parts of Europe, singing in the Netherlands, Belgium, and France as part of the Castellano Company, which also included tenor Nicola Zerola and soprano Adelina Agostinelli.
Her 1908 Venice performance of Ophelia in Ambroise Thomas's "Hamlet" was particularly successful, as were her appearances in London. Although there is no historical evidence that she ever appeared at the Covent Garden Theatre, she sang in the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in 1909, performing in "Dinorah", "Il barbiere di Siviglia" and "La sonnambula". Later, she appeared at the Coliseum Theatre with Antonio Sabellico and Elvino Ventura as singing partners. Several other appearances in Lisbon (Coliseu dos Recreios, 21.05.1914), Nice and various Russian cities are also recorded.
After this successful period in Europe, she embarked to South America, where she became especially popular in Brazil and Argentina. She allegedly performed only once in the United States, appearing in vaudeville in San Francisco during 1918, but she never managed to sing at New York's Metropolitan Opera House.
At this point, information about her career dwindles. It is claimed that she settled in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, where she probably became a singing teacher and gave occasional concerts. By the time of her death she was almost forgotten and the news of her death never appeared in the press. Until the 1990s it was commonly believed that she had died on August 2, 1927, in the San Luis Asylum, an old people's retirement home in Rio de Janeiro. An alternative 1949 date of death has also been proposed; but a Brazilian doctor, Jacques Alain León, reported that it was Fanny Maria Rollas Galvani who actually died in 1949 in Rio, having heard this from her husband the tenor René Talba who was sure that Maria Galvany was in fact killed by the influenza epidemic in 1918.
Recordings.
Galvany made acoustic records for four different firms. Her earliest recordings date back to 1903 and were cut by the Gramophone and Typewriter Company (G&amp;T). Later on, she recorded for Pathé Records and came back to G&amp;T in 1906, where she made her most popular discs, including ensembles with major stars of her time, such as Fernando de Lucia and Titta Ruffo, as well as with less well remembered singers like Aristodemo Giorgini, Remo Andreini and Andrea Perelló de Segurola. She also made several records for the Edison Company around 1911. Her repertoire consisted mainly of Italian opera arias, zarzuela pieces and concert songs. Sadly, only a few of her recordings are preserved or have been reissued for the general public, so no exact discography exists.
Nevertheless, her surviving recordings are today as controversial in terms of their artistic worth as they were 100 years ago. This is due to her staggering use of intricate coloratura passages mined with machine-gun-like staccato and other equally shocking vocal tricks that often give an infamously comic impression of her musical taste. This has caused many listeners to think of Galvany as nothing more than an unusually gifted vocal technician. Commentators have gone as far as to compare her high E flats to a whistling kettle.
This negative view is supported to some extent by her repeated interpolation of flute/voice cadenzas, sometimes twice during the same aria, that often have no relation to the original piece. Such practices were fairly common in her era, however, when performers often took a less literal view of the written notes of a composer's score. In addition, the natural timbre of Galvany's upper register did not record well, which often results in an irritating, wiry sound that is unappealing to most modern ears. Also, her interpretations are burdened with rapid tempi, a hard vibrato, unexpected register shifts and throat-clearing sounds, together with section cuts caused by the limited duration of 78-rpm discs.
On the other hand, Galvany is still admired for the sweetness of her middle register, for possessing a remarkable sense of pitch, and for her remarkable ability to dispatch complicated fioritura. Her duets with the great baritone Titta Ruffo are probably her best known recordings today.

</doc>
<doc id="6930701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930701" title="Accessory process">
Accessory process



</doc>
<doc id="6930704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930704" title="Turfway Park Fall Championship Stakes">
Turfway Park Fall Championship Stakes

The Fall Championship Stakes was an American Grade III Thoroughbred horse race held annually at Turfway Park in Florence, Kentucky. Open to horses age three and older, it was contested on Polytrack synthetic dirt. It had been part of the Breeders' Cup Challenge series from 2008 through 2010 when the distance was changed to one and one half miles (12 furlongs) with the winner automatically qualifying for the Breeders' Cup Marathon at a similar distance.
The Latonia Championship Stakes was created in 1919 by the Kentucky Jockey Club as a race for three-year-olds at the now defunct Latonia Race Track in Latonia, Kentucky. During the height of the Great Depression the race was suspended in 1934 and the racetrack closed permanently in 1939. In 1964, the race was revived by the newly built (1959) Turfway Park.
The Fall Championship was run in two divisions in 1971 and there was no race in 1972.
Distances:
Records.
Speed record: (at current distance of miles)

</doc>
<doc id="6930705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930705" title="Fu-Gee-La">
Fu-Gee-La

"Fu-Gee-La" is a song by American hip-hop trio, Fugees, released on December 13, 1995, by Ruffhouse Records, as the lead single from their second and final album, "The Score" (1996). Produced by Salaam Remi, it contains a sample of "If Loving You Is Wrong (I Don't Want to Be Right)" by Ramsey Lewis, while its chorus contains an interpolation of "Ooo La La La" by Teena Marie. Immediately following this is a sample of "Shakiyla (JRH)" by the Poor Righteous Teachers.
Several remixes of the song, including the "Refugee Camp Remix" and the "Sly &amp; Robbie Remix", which features a young Akon, also appear on "The Score". The song peaked at number 29 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, the Fugees' highest position on the chart, and peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Maxi-Singles Sales chart. The music video was filmed in Jamaica. "Fu-Gee-La" has been certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). In 2016, the Weeknd sampled it on the song "Sidewalks", additionally Jay-Z sampled it on his song "Moonlight" from "". Trey Songz also interpolates the song on his single "Na Na".
Background.
Producer Salaam Remi discussed the song's conception: "We actually were working on a song for Spike Lee’s "Clockers" movie that actually, that song never came out. So we had a song that we did for Clockers, and then during that session, Wyclef was like, 'Yo, play that beat you did for Fat Joe!' And Lauryn was like, 'Yo, play the Fat Joe beat' and then when I played it, Clef jumped up and spit the first verse to 'Fu-Gee-La.' He had the verse, but it just fell all together and then we worked on it. That song was actually done prior to "The Score", so a lot of The Score’s vibe was based around what that song was."
Critical reception.
Larry Flick from "Billboard" stated that 'Fu-Gee-La' "delivers the dope and then some: The Fugees' trademark tight, creative lyrics find a perfect home in the recycled hook from Teena Marie's 1988 No. 1 R&amp;B hit, 'Ooo La La La'." He added that it "should be a no-brainer for urban programmers". Michael Hill from "Cash Box" named it one of the "memorable tracks" of "The Score" album. Neil Kulkarni from "Melody Maker" named it Single of the Week, writing that the trio "return with a wicked track, Wyclef &amp; Prakazrel's rapping as incisive as ever and Lauryn's vocals the same fluid mix of swoonsome melody and lyrical sharpness." In December 1996, "Melody Maker" ranked "Fu-Gee-La" number 45 in their list of "Singles of the Year", adding, "A typically cool and tuneful offering from the year's rap phenomenon, featuring "that" slinky backbeat and Lauryn's crystal vocals." David Fricke from "Rolling Stone" also complimented "the sweet heat" of Hill's alto.
Music video.
The accompanying music video for "Fu-Gee-La" was filmed in Jamaica. The Fugees wanted to recreate Jimmy Cliff's film "The Harder They Come" (1972). It follows a robbery-related concept, with each band member taking on a particular role.

</doc>
<doc id="6930706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930706" title="Accessory processes">
Accessory processes



</doc>
<doc id="6930709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930709" title="Mohammed Al-Khuwalidi">
Mohammed Al-Khuwalidi

Mohamed Salman Al-Khuwalidi (; born 19 June 1981 in Dhahran) is a Saudi Arabian long jumper. His personal best is 8.48 metres, achieved in July 2006 in Sotteville-lès-Rouen, France. This is also the current Asian record.
At the global level, he competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2010 Asian Games, won bronze medals at the IAAF World Cup and IAAF World Indoor Championships, and represented Saudi Arabia at the World Championships in Athletics in 2007 and 2009. He is a three-time Asian champion, having won at the Asian Indoor Athletics Championships in 2004 and 2008, as well as the 2007 Asian Athletics Championships.
He is coached by Messaoud Bouhouche.

</doc>
<doc id="6930711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930711" title="Stanislav Genchev">
Stanislav Genchev

Stanislav Petrov Genchev (; born 20 March 1981) is a Bulgarian former footballer and current manager.
Club career.
SC Vaslui.
SC Vaslui signed Genchev as a free player, on 14 June 2008. Genchev signed a three-year contract. He scored in his first game for SC Vaslui, in a 2–1 defeat against Neftchi Baku, scoring with a 25 metres shot. He played as a defensive midfielder, central midfielder, right midfielder, central defender and as a right defender, having some great performances. On 4 August, against Omonia Nicosia, he played for 10 minutes, as a goalkeeper, after Kuciak was sent off.
Ludogorets Razgrad.
Genchev featured regularly for Ludogorets and was an important player for the team during the 2011/2012 season. On 18 November 2012, he scored a brace against Levski Sofia to help his team to a 2–1 win and enable it to reclaim the top spot in the A PFG table.
On 2 June 2017, Genchev announced his official retirement as player.
International career.
In March 2008, the Bulgarian national coach Plamen Markov called up Stanislav Genchev to Bulgaria national football team for a friendly match with Finland. On 26 March 2008, Genchev made his debut for Bulgaria. He played for 25 minutes and scored the winning goal in the 90th minute. The result of the match was 2–1 in favour of Bulgaria. Genchev's last call-up to the national team was in October 2011 (under caretaker manager Mihail Madanski) for a Euro 2012 qualifier against Wales.
Managerial career.
In June 2023, Genchev was appointed as head coach of Botev Plovdiv. In August 2023, he was released from the team after a disappointing start to the season.
Honours.
Levski Sofia
Ludogorets Razgrad
Litex Lovech
Etar
FC Vaslui

</doc>
<doc id="6930718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930718" title="Zarra, Spain">
Zarra, Spain

Zarra is a municipality in the Valencian Community, Spain, the smallest of the seven villages that make up the "comarca" of Valle de Cofrentes.
Historical Interest.
The name is of Iberian origin and means "the old".
The village contains a church dating back to the 18th century and a free standing clock tower built in 1880. The majority of the houses date back 400 years.
During the Moorish occupation of Spain a castle was built, but no remains exist today and the exact site is somewhat of a mystery. The village was reconquered by the Spanish in 1249 and incorporated into Valencia in 1281. Modern day Zarra dates from around 1600.
Modern Zarra.
The village has a population of around 500, recent population increases being mainly due to the British influx into the village and surrounding area.
Fiestas.
Zarra boasts three fiestas a year, marking the beginning of the fiestas within the valley. The first being San Anton (January), Santa Ana (July) and the main yearly "bull" fiesta (late July/August).
Local industry.
The main industry for the village is agriculture, in particular the growing of cherries and olives.

</doc>
<doc id="6930721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930721" title="That's Not What I Meant!">
That's Not What I Meant!

That's Not What I Meant! How Conversational Style Makes or Breaks Relationships is Deborah Tannen's first book presenting, for a general audience, her linguistic approach to explaining how ways of speaking affect relationships. Predating by four years her phenomenally bestselling book about gender differences in ways of speaking, "You Just Don't Understand", this book approaches communication and miscommunication from a linguistic point of view rather than a psychological one, emphasizing differences between the genders. The book lays out the linguistic devices and rituals that constitute "conversational style", such as indirectness, pacing, pausing, humor, overlap, and interruption, and shows their effects when styles differ.

</doc>
<doc id="6930722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930722" title="Denis Hardy (economist)">
Denis Hardy (economist)

Denis Hardy is a Quebecois economist who served as a chief of staff for Bernard Landry, while he was deputy premier and minister of finances. He later became deputy chief of staff for premier Landry.
On April 22, 2003, he was appointed as assistant deputy minister in the Quebec finance ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="6930723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930723" title="Rock-hewn churches of Lalibela">
Rock-hewn churches of Lalibela



</doc>
<doc id="6930729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930729" title="Yelena Isinbaeva">
Yelena Isinbaeva



</doc>
<doc id="6930732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930732" title="Little Downham">
Little Downham

Situated in the east of Cambridgeshire, the village of Little Downham is located north of the city of Ely. The Parish of Downham comprises Little Downham and Pymoor. It has an approximate population of 2660 with approximately 35 miles for footpaths around the parish. The population was measured at the 2021 Census as 3,028. It was one of only two sites in Cambridgeshire to be covered by the Survey of English Dialects. 
History.
In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village is called "Duneham". At the time the Fens were mostly flooded, and the village is on a small rise of solid ground (visible today), so there may have been 'dunes' there.
In a map from 1648 (above), 'Downham' is shown at the north-west edge of the Isle of Ely, hence its historic name of 'Downham-in-the-Isle'.
Church.
The village's church, dedicated to St Leonard, dates back to the 12th century, though it has been considerably modified since and restored multiple times. Kelly's Directory, a British business and trade directory, recorded in 1929 that "The church of St. Leonard is a structure of rubble in the Transition Norman and Early English styles, consisting of chancel, clerestoried nave of five bays, aisles, south porch and an embattled western tower, with pinnacles, containing 4 bells, two of which are dated 1659: the clerestory windows are very small and are deeply splayed internally : the inner porch doorway is a good example of Transition Norman : in the chancel is an arcaded double piscina with cinquefoil-headed arch, but portions of the arch and one basin have been cut away to admit the insertion of a window: the rood screen is of carved oak: the chancel was restored and a vestry and organ chamber erected in 1890, at a cost of £1,144: in 1897 and 1899 extensive restorations were carried out at a cost of £800: the church had been previously reseated, and now affords 300 sittings: the north aisle was restored in 1912. The register dates from the year 1558, but is not continuous."
Village Hall.
Little Downham's Village Hall is a Grade II-listed building and was constructed in 1779 "on the site of the former guildhall as both a boys' school and the village workhouse. In 1886 the workhouse was altered to become a girls' school and the building remained in use as a school until 1960. The infants school was on a separate site in what is now the allotments and the site is marked with a plaque. A new school was built nearby on land donated by the feoffees and this building has since been replaced on the same site. The current village hall was opened in 1974 and has undergone major refurbishment in that time."
Bishop's Palace.
The village contains the grade II listed remains of the old Bishop's Palace formerly used by the Bishops of Ely.
Local Nature Reserve.
Little Downham Local Nature Reserve is situated adjacent to the Bishop's Walk. It consists of three sections of land, measuring a total of 17 acres (6.6 hectares), and is the first designated Local Nature Reserve in East Cambridgeshire.
Village life.
The village retains Victorian Grade II-listed pub and Thai restaurant (The Plough Inn), a recently refurbished hotel, bar, and restaurant (The Anchor Inn), a church, a village shop and post office, a fish and chip shop, a car dealership, and Grade II-listed Village Hall. The village also has a preschool and primary school as well as a sports area purchased by the council in the early 1960s which includes a pavilion and cricket ground, three football pitches, tennis courts, a basketball court, BMX dirt track, youth shelter and playground.
Each year a village fete is staged in June and in the same month a Medieval Fair is held just outside the village. In September the local primary school organises a Scarecrow Fair that sees the village lined with Scarecrows for the week building up to the fair. The annual Ely New Year's Eve 10k Race, organised by Ely Runners, both begins and ends in Little Downham. The 2011 race featured 700 runners and involved one circuit of the fen around Little Downham.

</doc>
<doc id="6930735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930735" title="Zákon o protiprávnosti komunistického režimu">
Zákon o protiprávnosti komunistického režimu



</doc>
<doc id="6930738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930738" title="Barbara St. Hilaire">
Barbara St. Hilaire



</doc>
<doc id="6930749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930749" title="Asian Beach Handball Championship">
Asian Beach Handball Championship

The Asian Beach Handball Championship is the official competition for senior men's and women's national beach handball teams of Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="6930750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930750" title="Brachaeluridae">
Brachaeluridae



</doc>
<doc id="6930757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930757" title="Pedro Bohórquez">
Pedro Bohórquez

Pedro Chamijo (1602 in Granada, Spain – January 3, 1667 in Lima, Peru), more commonly known as Pedro Bohórquez (or Bohorques) or Inca Hualpa, was a Spanish adventurer in the Viceroyalty of Peru. He was probably born in Spain, but some sources say he was born in Quito. After trying to make his fortune in various schemes in Peru, around 1656 he had himself crowned Inca (emperor) of the Calchaquíes Indians, fooling not only the Indians but also Spanish government and clerical officials. His almost legendary story is an example of the picaresque, with a tragic ending.
Of campesino origin, he was probably a Morisco (Iberian Muslim converted to Christianity) or Mudéjar (Iberian Muslim not converted to Christianity). He learned to read and write studying with the Jesuits in Cádiz. He embarked from Spain for America at a young age, attracted by the promise of easy riches that the New World seemed to offer. He tried various schemes over many years in Peru, but without making the fortune he sought.
In Upper Peru near Potosí he met a priest named Bohórquez. The two became friends. In order to evade the Spanish authorities, Chamijo adopted Bohórquez's last name.
Around 1656 he arrived at San Miguel de Tucumán in what is now Argentina. This city was one of the principal cities of a province that included the present-day provinces of Jujuy, Salta, Catamarca, La Rioja, Tucumán, Santiago del Estero, Córdoba and the western parts of Chaco and Formosa.
This was a vast territory, but the situation of the Spanish colonists was precarious, partly because of the opposition of the native Calchaquíes, a warlike people of the "Diaguita" or "Pazioca" confederation who had been briefly subjugated to the Inca Empire. They now vehemently opposed the Spanish presence. Attempts by the Jesuits to evangelize them had not been fruitful; methods that had been successful with other Indigenous groups in the region were unsuccessful with the Calchaquíes.
By 1656 a vague rumor was circulating that the Calchaquíes knew the location of prodigious amounts of precious metals hidden during the decline of the Inca Empire.
It is not known how Bohórquez learned of this situation. He was of a brownish complexion and by now was married to a young Indigenous woman. He was also said to speak fluent Quechua. With these advantages, he was able to convince the Calchaquíes that he was the last descendant of the Inca emperors and that his name was "Inca Hualpa". Probably the Calchaquíes didn't believe his story — they did not wish to be subjected to the Incas any more than to the Spanish — but the appearance of "Inca Hualpa" might free them from the Spanish yoke.
Bohórquez assured his new subjects that if they revealed the location of the hidden Inca treasure to him, he would do everything in his power to expel the Spanish. Simultaneously, he assured the Spanish that, as he was considered emperor by the Indigenous, he would be able to obtain their submission to the Spanish king and reveal the location of the treasure, if only the Spanish would guarantee his recognition as a local monarch. He also convinced the Jesuits that as a Christian monarch, he would be able to obtain the conversion of his subjects.
The governor of Tucumán, Alonso Mercado y Villacorta, met with Bohórquez in June 1657 in Belén, Catamarca. He agreed to give him the title of "captain general" and celebrated a week of festivities in his honor. The only opposition came from the bishop of Tucumán, Fray Melchor de Maldonado y Saavedra, who was suspicious of his story. Nevertheless, Bohórquez was able to maintain his position for two years, during which time he instituted a strong government and fortified the valleys against the Spanish.
When this was discovered, he led the third rising of the Calchaquíes against the Spanish, attacking the cities of Salta and San Miguel de Tucumán and causing serious losses there. Finally, he was defeated by forces of Governor Mercado, but without being taken prisoner immediately.
When he was arrested, he was pardoned by the viceroy of Peru, Baltasar de la Cueva Enríquez. However bad luck or the intrigues of his enemies revealed another plan to lead another revolt of the Calchaquíes. He was garrotted in Lima on January 3, 1667, and his head was exhibited on a pike. As for the Indigenous, the survivors were divided, distributed to encomiendas for forced labor. Some were removed from their mountain valleys and transported to distant places. The Quilmes were transported to Buenos Aires, where a town still bears that name.
His story was related by Padre Hernando de Torreblanca, a Jesuit who had believed in Inca Hualpa, in "Relación histórica de Calchaquí" (1696). Roberto J. Payró published a novel in 1905, "El falso inca".
References.
This article is largely a translation of the .

</doc>
<doc id="6930762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930762" title="DB Cargo France">
DB Cargo France

DB Cargo France is a French rail freight operator. It is presently a subsidiary of the German state-owned logistics company DB Cargo.
DB Cargo France was originally established as Euro Cargo Rail (ECR) in early 2005 by the British freight company English Welsh &amp; Scottish Railway (EWS). The company had sought to expand its footprint in the continental European rail freight market; while one of its subsidiaries, "EWS International", operated the trains, ECR was responsible for marketing and trading duties. EWS's application to operate open-access freight services in France was approved in November 2005, permitting the commencement of services in May 2006. Initially, operations were focused upon France's northern region and its borderlands; however, ECR had grand ambitions to expand across Europe, filing applications to operate in both Belgium and Germany during 2006.
During June 2007, EWS and ECR were both acquired by the German state railway company Deutsche Bahn (DB). By the following year, ECR had become the second largest rail freight company in France, after the traditional market leading state-owned operator SNCF. During October 2010, ECR formed a joint venture with the Port of La Rochelle, named OFP La Rochelle; seven years later, ECR sold its stake in the venture. While early rolling stock was typically leased, or transferred from EWS, the company was quickly able to place its own sizable orders for new-build locomotives, such as the TRAXX F140 MS and the EMD Series 66, although many of these deliveries would be received by DB Cargo rather than ECR itself. During May 2017, DB invested $150 million to recapitalise and restructure the company, resulting in the loss of one quarter of its staff. In late 2021, the company was rebranded as DB Cargo France.
History.
During January 2005, it was announced that English Welsh &amp; Scottish Railway (EWS) had lodged an application for an operating licence to operate open-access freight services in France. At the time, "EWS International", a subsidiary of EWS focused on continental European operations, was intended to actually operate the trains, while a newly created entity, "Euro Cargo Rail" (ECR), was established to perform the marketing and trading of these rail services. It was envisaged that initial operations would be focused upon northern France, specifically on those routes that ran close to or across the national borders of France. Furthermore, the company promoted itself as working to increase the amount of rail freight within France by pursuing operations that would be economically viable in comparison to road transportation.
In November 2005, EWS' application was approved and a safety certificate was granted by the French Minister for Transport; this outcome meant that ECR had become only the third freight operator in the country at that time. At the time, the commencement of freight services had been anticipated to occur sometime in that same winter. In actuality, ECR would not run any services until May 2006. In July 2006, it was announced that ECR had, as part of its ambitions to expand across western Europe, filed applications to operate freight services in neighbouring Belgium and Germany.
On 28 June 2007, EWS was wholly acquired by the German state railway company Deutsche Bahn (DB) in a deal that included ECR. On 7 November 2007, the European Commission (EC) issued its conditional approval of DB's takeover of EWS and ECR.
By 2008, ECR had become the second largest rail freight company in France, after the traditional market leading state-owned operator SNCF, holding a 5.3% market share. By 2010, the company's market share was estimated to have increased to 8%. That same year, a major dispute between DB and SNCF over access to France's railways had escalated to the level of government ministers in both countries intervening. Two years prior, ECR had been denied the train paths needed to operate aggregates trains on behalf of Lafarge on account of SNCF having booked all of the available paths. In December 2012, SNCF was fined €60.9m for exercising anti-competitive measures that sought to block open-access operators from using certain resources, such as renting wagons or using train paths, thus forcing them to use less optimal alternatives or to not run certain services at all.
During the summer of 2010, ECR became involved in the new French freight company OFP La Rochelle, which was structured as a joint venture between the company and the Port of La Rochelle. ECR held a 24.9% minority stake, while the port authorities held a 75.1% majority stake. In May 2017, it was announced that ECR had sold its stake in the venture, which continued to operate using new partners.
Starting in 2010, ECR participated in the "Sustainable Iron and Steel Transport by European Railways" project, which provided a door-to-door logistics service via two multi-client services ran per week between Turin, Italy and Sagunto, Spain, along with another two trains between Monza and Irun, via a newly opened cross-border link between Figueras and Perpignan. Specifically, ECR operated these freight trains while they were traversing the French rail network.
During May 2017, following ECR's recorded loss of €25.5 million, DB Cargo invested €150 million into the business with the aim of recapitalising and stabilising the company's operations within the space of one year; other measures were taken, including a restructuring that led to the loss of 300 jobs, which was roughly one quarter of ECR's workforce.
In June 2020, the company became a member of a new coalition of organisations across France’s rail freight sector, "French Rail Freight of the Future", which sought to double the volume of rail freight in the nation by 2030. During late 2021, ECR was rebranded as "DB Cargo France", bringing its identity into line with that of its corporate parent.
Rolling stock.
ECR's initial operations were carried out using a small leased fleet of four Vossloh G1206 diesel locomotives; the maintenance of these locomotives was carried out at EWS's Dollands Moor Freight Yard in England, thus the locomotives were given a TOPS classification number, Class 21.
Between 2007 and 2009, the company also acquired several Vossloh G1000 BB locomotives, and briefly leased three TRAXX F140 AC locomotives from Mitsui Rail Capital (MRCE) during 2007; these were returned to the leaser in August 2008.
In 2008-2009, ECR also opted to lease around ten Vossloh G2000 locomotives and five Vossloh Euro 4000 locomotives (1668mm gauge) from Angel Trains Cargo.
During 2008, a pair of TRAXX F140 MS locomotives operating in ECR livery were used for homologation of the type in France and Belgium; type certification was obtained in July 2009. The two locomotives formed part of an order of 20 units delivery between 2009 and 2010. In 2009, an additional 45 units were ordered, which were divided between DB Schenker (25 units) and ECR (20 units); these were delivered from 2010 onwards.
In January 2006, the first Class 66 was transferred from EWS to ECR; by November 2007, fifty locomotives had been transferred. During late 2007, the first of an order for 60 new EMD Series 66 locomotives were delivered. as the Class 77 from 77001 to 77060. However, only half of the order was ultimately delivered to ECR, while the balance was instead delivered to the parent company DB Cargo in Germany. Furthermore, all of ECR's Class 66s were gradually transferred to Germany, the last five locomotives being transferred during 2019.
In April 2009, a pair of Class 08 shunters were sent to France from England.
Starting in 2010, the company began leasing Alstom Prima electric locomotives (sub types BB 27000, and BB 37000 dual and triple voltage) from Akiem. The company also began hiring SNCF Y8000 type shunters from Akiem in the same year.
By 2018, ECR reportedly operated 151 locomotives.

</doc>
<doc id="6930768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930768" title="While Heaven Wept">
While Heaven Wept

While Heaven Wept (often abbreviated as WHW) was an American epic doom metal band based in Dale City, Virginia. The primary writer and overall engine of the band was mainman Tom Phillips. Their melodic, classically influenced style could be compared to bands such as Solitude Aeturnus and Solstice (the latter of which Tom Phillips is a former member); however, 2003's acclaimed "Of Empires Forlorn" saw the band branching out into a variety of metal and progressive styles. This trend continues on their 2009 album, "Vast Oceans Lachrymose", and on their 2011 album, "Fear of Infinity".
While Heaven Wept's lyrics have dealt with sorrowful matters, namely personal loss and despondency.

</doc>
<doc id="6930771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930771" title="Cryptomys damarensis">
Cryptomys damarensis



</doc>
<doc id="6930776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930776" title="Asian Women's Beach Handball Championship">
Asian Women's Beach Handball Championship



</doc>
<doc id="6930777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930777" title="New Home Township">
New Home Township

New Home Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6930778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930778" title="Beaupréau">
Beaupréau

Beaupréau () is a former commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
On 15 December 2015, Andrezé, Beaupréau, La Chapelle-du-Genêt, Gesté, Jallais, La Jubaudière, Le Pin-en-Mauges, La Poitevinière, Saint-Philbert-en-Mauges and Villedieu-la-Blouère merged becoming one commune called Beaupréau-en-Mauges.
Geography.
The commune is traversed by the river Èvre.

</doc>
<doc id="6930783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930783" title="Intervention radiology">
Intervention radiology



</doc>
<doc id="6930784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930784" title="Campo, Ticino">
Campo, Ticino

Campo, Ticino may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6930789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930789" title="Home Brook Township">
Home Brook Township



</doc>
<doc id="6930790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930790" title="James deAnda">
James deAnda



</doc>
<doc id="6930795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930795" title="Serratus ventralis">
Serratus ventralis



</doc>
<doc id="6930798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930798" title="Rectified">
Rectified



</doc>
<doc id="6930807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930807" title="Jacques Wilkins">
Jacques Wilkins

Jacques Wilkins is a Quebec public relations advisor. He is a partner at Communications André Bouthillier, a Montreal public relations firm.
Wilkins served as the communication director for former premier of Quebec Bernard Landry from 2001 to 2003. Prior to that, he was deputy minister at the Quebec ministry of health and social services, and held communications positions with a number of health services organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="6930808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930808" title="Louis Tsatoumas">
Louis Tsatoumas

Louis Tsatoumas (, born 12 February 1982) is a Greek long jumper.
Biography.
He won his first major senior medal in 2007 at the European Indoor Athletics Championships, where he claimed the silver medal ending in second place after the Italian record-breaking Andrew Howe. On 2 June 2007 in Kalamata Tsatoumas jumped 8.66metres, achieving a personal best and a Greek record for the event. The performance was the best in the world since Iván Pedroso leaped 8.70m to win the gold medal at the 1995 World Championships. Tsatoumas ranks as the eighth best long jumper in history and holds the European record in the event at low altitude.
At the 2008 Olympics he had the longest qualifying jump with 8.27m, but after three consecutive fouls in the final he finished in last place. He was the bronze medallist at both the 2009 Mediterranean Games and 2009 European Team Championships. He represented Greece at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics, reaching the final round, but finished only eleventh overall. At the 2010 European Athletics Championships he was sixth.
In 2014 Tsatoumas set a Greek indoor record of 8.23m to win the national indoor title.

</doc>
<doc id="6930809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930809" title="Tricia ONeil">
Tricia ONeil



</doc>
<doc id="6930810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930810" title="Virginia State Route 48">
Virginia State Route 48

State Route 48 (SR 48) is the unsigned designation for the Blue Ridge Parkway and Skyline Drive from the North Carolina state line north to U.S. Route 340 (US 340) near Front Royal. Most of the road is maintained by the National Park Service, though the portion which is concurrent with SR 43 is maintained by the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT).

</doc>
<doc id="6930813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930813" title="2006 Cincinnati Bengals season">
2006 Cincinnati Bengals season

The 2006 Cincinnati Bengals season was the franchise's 37th season in the National Football League (NFL), 39th overall, and 4th under head coach Marvin Lewis. It began with the team trying to improve on their 11–5 record in 2005, defending their AFC North Division Championship title. They also attempted to progress further through the playoffs than they made in the 2005 season, having lost to Pittsburgh in the 1st round after the loss of star quarterback Carson Palmer to injury on the second play of the game. However, the team failed to improve on their 11–5 record to finish at 8–8, and missing the playoffs just the year after they made it to the playoffs.
Off season.
Carson Palmer's rehab.
Exceeding expectations, Carson Palmer was able to play on his reconstructed ligaments in only 8 months. There was a minor controversy when it appeared that Marvin Lewis wanted Carson Palmer to play in the preseason earlier than Carson said. The controversy was dismissed by Lewis as miscommunication and sensationalism by the media. Carson's fame was boosted by a favorable interview with Sports Illustrated which documented his recovery progress.
Legal troubles.
During the 2006 off season and season, nine different Bengals players were either arrested or suspended. The sports media wrote extensively on the legal woes and character questions of some of the Bengals players. The media also commonly noted that the 2006 Bengals had more arrests than wins.
Lawsuit Dismissed.
A lawsuit introduced by a county commissioner charging the Bengals' organization with making a deal in bad faith between the organization and county taxpayers was dismissed, without even having its merits considered.
Regular season.
Schedule.
Note: Intra-divisional opponents are in bold text
Week 1: at Kansas City Chiefs.
"at Arrowhead Stadium, Kansas City, Missouri"
The Bengals opened the regular season on the road against the Kansas City Chiefs on September 10. The Chiefs scored first on a 29-yard field goal by kicker Lawrence Tynes. In the second quarter, the Bengals scored 17-straight points. Bengal kicker Shayne Graham tied the game up with a 37-yard field goal, Rudi Johnson ran 22 yards for a touchdown, and Kenny Watson ran 8 yards for another touchdown, making the score 17–3 at halftime. After both sides failed to score in the third quarter, which was marked by Chief quarterback Trent Green being injured and leaving the game, Graham made the score 20–3 with a 42-yard field goal. A Chiefs' come back fell short, as they could only score on a 9-yard touchdown pass from Chief back-up quarterback Damon Huard to tight end Tony Gonzalez. A 36-yard field goal by Graham would be the final score of the game, leaving the Bengals 1–0.
Week 2: vs. Cleveland Browns.
"at Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio"
The Bengals began Round 1 of 2006's Battle of Ohio in the Week 2 home-opener against the Cleveland Browns. Cincinnati scored first on a 22-yard TD pass to wide receiver Kelley Washington from Carson Palmer. The Browns responded with a 30-yard FG by kicker Phil Dawson. The Bengals extended their lead with an 8-yard TD pass to wide receiver Chad Johnson. In the second quarter, kicker Shayne Graham made a 37-yard field goal as time ran out to give Cincinnati a 17–3 halftime lead. In the fourth quarter, Graham would give the Bengals a 37-yard field goal, and the Browns responded with a 1-yard touchdown run by running back Reuben Droughns. Two touchdown runs by Bengal running back Rudi Johnson put the game out of reach. The Browns scored one more touchdown with quarterback Charlie Frye's 2-yard run, but it was not enough as the Bengals improved to 2–0.
Several Bengals were injured during this game. David Pollack, a 2nd year linebacker, suffered a non-paralyzing broken neck (fracturing his C6 vertebra), and would miss the rest of the season. Safety Dexter Jackson suffered a severe ankle sprain. Center Rich Braham also suffered a leg injury, and was expected to be out for some weeks. Wide receiver, Chad Johnson appeared dinged up too. On his 8-yard touchdown reception, he appeared to have an injured shoulder (made noticeable by his unenthusiastic post-score celebratory dance). Even though he continued to play, he appeared to be in pain. Later in the game, during a Browns interception, he was blocked by a Brown's safety, which gave him a concussion. Special team starter, Tab Perry, injured his hip, and missed a number of games.
Week 3: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
"at Heinz Field, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania"
The Bengals maintained a shared lead in the AFC North (3–0, 2–0) by defeating the Pittsburgh Steelers 28–20 at Heinz Field in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The game was marred by sloppy play by both teams, but Cincinnati benefitted greatly by creating 5 Steeler turnovers and blocking a Jeff Reed field goal attempt.
Running back Willie Parker scored for Pittsburgh, with a touchdown on their first drive of the game. Following a Deshea Townsend interception of Carson Palmer, the Steelers drove into the redzone, but a Ben Roethlisberger pass was intercepted by safety Madieu Williams in the end zone, and returned to the three-yard line. A 97-yard Bengal drive was capped by a 16-yard touchdown pass from Palmer to Chris Henry. Following a blocked field goal by John Thornton, Palmer and Henry would connect for another touchdown late in the second quarter, which gave Cincinnati a 14–7 lead at halftime.
In the third quarter, Pittsburgh built momentum, scoring a field goal on their first drive. An Ike Taylor interception of Palmer, set up the Steelers on the Bengals' 7-yard line. Willie Parker scored 4 plays later, giving the Steelers a 17–14 lead. After the touchdown, both offenses stalled. The next seven drives ended in either punts or turnovers.
With 8 minutes left in the game, the Bengals were forced to punt. A muffed return by Ricardo Colclough, and recovery by Tony Stewart, gave the Bengals the ball on the Steelers' 9-yard line. Palmer threw a touchdown to T. J. Houshmandzadeh on the first play from scrimmage, giving the Bengals a 21–17 lead. The Bengal defense forced a fumble on the next Steeler drive, giving the Bengals the ball on the Steeler 30-yard line. On the first play of the drive, Palmer again connected with Houshmandzadeh for a touchdown, extending the Bengal lead to 28–17. On the next possession, the Steeler offense drove to the Bengals' 18 and added another Jeff Reed field goal. After forcing a Bengal punt, the Steelers took possession on their own 11-yard line, with 2:42 left in the game. Roethlisberger drove the Steelers down to the Bengals' 16-yard line, but his pass intended for Nate Washington in the end zone, was intercepted by Kevin Kaesviharn.
The Bengal win improved their record to 3–0. However, the Bengals allowed 6 sacks, gave up 3 turnovers and were unable to involve either of the "Johnsons" as a significant part of their offense. The Bengals looked to improve in week 4 at home against the Patriots.
After The Game.
Odell Thurman was arrested for a DUI with teammates Chris Henry and Reggie McNeal in the vehicle. Odell had just entered the 3rd game of a 4-game suspension for violating the NFL's drug policy, and the NFL suspended him for the remainder of the season.
Week 4: vs. New England Patriots.
"at Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio"
The Bengals quarterback protection was an issue, as Carson Palmer was sacked four times during this game. Last year, Palmer was better protected, having been sacked 21 times for the entire year. Entering this game, he has been sacked 16 times. For the offense and defense the running game proved problematic. Rudi Johnson failed to gain 50 yards on the ground while the Patriots' running backs, former Bengal Corey Dillon and rookie RB Laurence Maroney, combined for 192 rushing yards. Caleb Miller started in the right linebacker position and led the Bengals in tackles during the game.
The passing offense for the Bengals was largely unsuccessful. Although wide receiver T. J. Houshmandzadeh gained 95 yards, his starting counterpart, Chad Johnson, could not gain more than 65. Wideout Chris Henry was deactivated for the game for what was believed to be a disciplinary measure by Head Coach Marvin Lewis for his involvement in Odell Thurman's DUI incident.
This was the first game that Corey Dillon played at Paul Brown Stadium as a non-Bengal, during a regular season game. His controversial behavior in his latter years with the Bengals made him a target for many fans' anger. According to post-game reports, Dillon waved running back Maroney off the field when the Patriots were close to scoring a touchdown, so Dillon could run it in himself. Afterward, he threw the football into the stands and his celebration drew a flag for a personal foul from the referees.
The Bengals fell to second place in the AFC North (3–1) after the disappointing loss to the Patriots. Going into a bye-week, the extra time off gives injured Bengals time to recuperate.
Week 5: Bye.
The NFL determined Chris Henry would be suspended for the next 2 NFL games due to his involvement with the DUI incident involving Odell Thurman.
Week 6: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
"at Raymond James Stadium, Tampa, Florida"
Coming off their bye-week, the Bengals traveled to Raymond James Stadium for a Week 6 fight with the Buccaneers. After a scoreless first quarter, Cincinnati took an early lead, as quarterback Carson Palmer threw a 33-yard TD pass to wide receiver T. J. Houshmandzadeh for the only score of the half.
In the third quarter, the Bucs would tie the game, as quarterback Bruce Gradkowski completed a 2-yard TD pass to tight end Alex Smith. The Bengals would regain the lead when kicker Shayne Graham kicked a 37-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Graham would help Cincinnati increase their lead with a 47-yard field goal. During the Buccaneers' final drive, on 1st down, after entering the red zone, defensive end Justin Smith apparently made the first sack of Gradkowski for the game, during a solo tackle. However, the officiating crew felt Smith drove Gradkowski's head into the ground, and penalized the Bengals for roughing the passer. During the play, Smith caused a fumble which was recovered by the Bengals. When the recovery was overturned due to the controversial call, Tampa Bay kept possession of the ball. On fourth down, the Bucs scored an 8-yard TD pass from Gradkowski to wide receiver Michael Clayton. Originally, the catch was ruled incomplete, but replays proved that Clayton managed to break the plane of the goal line before losing the ball.
With less than :30 left in the game, the Bengals drove from their 30-yard line to Buccaneer territory. With :06 left, they attempted a 62-yard field goal against the wind, but missed. With the loss, Cincinnati fell to 3–2.
Post Game.
Penalty Controversy
In a post-game interview when Marvin Lewis was asked how Justin Smith might have avoided drawing the controversial roughing the passer penalty during the attempted sack, he responded "I don't know. I guess you have to cuddle him to the ground."
Justin Smith said "I've never seen anything like that in my six years in the NFL." The official who made the call "must have season tickets down here." He further explained "The dude (QB) ducked", suggesting it wasn't the force of Smith tackling but the QB's effort to double-over and protect the ball that made it appear he was being forced into the ground head first.
Houshmandzadeh said "You might as well put a red jersey on (Gradkowski) and play two-hand touch."
Week 7: vs. Carolina Panthers.
"at Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio"
Hoping to rebound from last week's loss to the Buccaneers, the Bengals prepared for a showdown with the Panthers. This game saw the return of 3rd down running back Chris Perry and safety Dexter Jackson. In the first quarter, Bengal defense allowed a 7-yard TD pass from quarterback Jake Delhomme to tight end Kris Mangum for the quarter's only score. In the second quarter, the Bengals when quarterback Carson Palmer completed a 16-yard TD pass to tight end Reggie Kelly. Delhomme countered with a 20-yard TD pass to running back Nick Goings.
After halftime, Cincinnati's offense found its stride. Kicker Shayne Graham nailed a 23-yard field goal in the third quarter, and Carson Palmer completed a 1-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver T. J. Houshmandzadeh. The drive was kept alive by a 4th and 1 play action pass, where Palmer tossed a high arcing pass down the sideline to a sprinting Chad Johnson, who caught it for a 32-yard gain. The Panthers' last scoring opportunity ended when Delhomme threw his first career interception to Kevin Kaesviharn. The Bengals improved to 4–2, and tied the Ravens for the lead in the AFC North.
Post Game.
After being relatively silent for most of the season, Chad Johnson spoke out boastfully before the Atlanta game predicting he would score multiple touchdowns and jeopardize the job security of rival defensive back, DeAngelo Hall, who entered the game with four interceptions. Chad stated he was using this opportunity for the offense to regain some of its confidence and swagger.
Week 8 vs. Atlanta Falcons.
"at Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio"
Following their victory against the Panthers, the Bengals played another home game, this week, against the visiting Falcons. In the first quarter, the Falcons drew first blood, as kicker Morten Andersen nailed a 42-yard field goal. The Bengals responded with a 1-yard TD run by running back Rudi Johnson. Atlanta cut the lead to one point, when Andersen kicked a 40-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Cincinnati added to their lead with quarterback Carson Palmer's 12-yard TD pass to wide receiver Chad Johnson. The Falcons responded with quarterback Michael Vick's 16-yard touchdown pass to tight end Alge Crumpler. Bengal kicker Shayne Graham converted a 51-yard field goal with :20 left before halftime.
In the third quarter, Vick completed a 26-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Michael Jenkins. Graham would kick a 26-yard field goal for Cincinnati's only score of the quarter. Vick scored another touchdown, on an 8-yard pass to fullback Justin Griffith. The extra point ended with a bobbled snap, and a failed two-point conversion. In the fourth quarter, Andersen converted a 39-yard field goal. Palmer responded with a 55-yard touchdown to WR Chris Henry. Cincinnati's comeback hopes ended with :13 left, when Carson Palmer was sacked, and fumbled, which was recovered by Atlanta. The Bengals record fell to 4–3.
Post Game.
It was this week that the former "Chad Johnson" revealed his name change to "Chad Ocho Cinco" on his warmups, which was rumored to lead to his being fined $5,000.
Week 9: at Baltimore Ravens.
"at M&amp;T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland"
The Bengals flew to Baltimore to M&amp;T Bank Stadium for an AFC North fight with the Ravens. The Bengals trailed for the entire game. Running back Jamal Lewis scored on a 2-yard touchdown run. Baltimore's second score came when quarterback Carson Palmer was intercepted by Raven cornerback Samari Rolle at midfield. Rolle would lateral to free safety Ed Reed, who completed the return for a touchdown. In the second quarter, kicker Matt Stover converted a 43-yard field goal for the Ravens. The Bengals would finally score with 1:12 left in the half, with a 26-yard touchdown from Palmer to wide receiver T. J. Houshmandzadeh.
In the third quarter, Stover kicked 25-yard and 36-yard field goals, while Cincinnati kicker Shayne Graham converted a 51-yard field goal attempt. In the fourth quarter, the Bengals' running back Rudi Johnson scored on a 4-yard touchdown run. Stover added another field goal, from 35 yards. Graham added a 31-yard field goal, but the Ravens emerged as the victor, and the Bengals' record fell to 4–4.
Week 10 vs. San Diego Chargers.
"at Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio"
The Bengals were home for their Week 10 match-up with the San Diego Chargers. The Bengals struck first, with fullback Jeremi Johnson's 3-yard TD run. Running back Rudi Johnson scored next on 7-yard TD run. Quarterback Carson Palmer completed a 51-yard pass to wide receiver Chad Johnson for the third touchdown of the first quarter. In the second quarter, the Chargers managed to get on the board with running back LaDainian Tomlinson's 9-yard touchdown run. Cincinnati responded with 7-yard touchdown reception by wide receiver Chris Henry.
In the third quarter, Tomlinson scored again on a 4-yard touchdown run, and quarterback Philip Rivers threw a 46-yard touchdown pass to Charger wide receiver Malcom Floyd. The Bengals responded with kicker Shayne Graham's 21-yard field goal. The Chargers struck again on Rivers's 9-yard touchdown pass to tight end Brandon Manumaleuna. Bengals countered with Palmer throwing a 73-yard touchdown to Chad Johnson. In the fourth quarter, San Diego took the lead, when Tomlinson scored on 2-yard and 9-yard touchdown runs. Graham kicked another field goal for the Bengals, from 44 yards out, but the Chargers held the lead, and Rivers tossed a final 5-yard touchdown pass to Manumaleuna. The Bengals' record fell to 4–5 with the loss.
Week 11 at New Orleans Saints.
"at the Louisiana Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana"
Hoping to keep slim playoff hopes alive, the Bengals traveled to the Louisiana Superdome for a Week 11 fight with the Saints. In the first quarter, the Bengals drew first blood as quarterback Carson Palmer completed a 41-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Chad Johnson. The Saints would reply when quarterback Drew Brees completed a 72-yard touchdown strike to wide receiver Joe Horn. Midway through the second quarter, Cincinnati took the lead, when kicker Shayne Graham booted a 21-yard field goal.
After a scoreless third quarter, New Orleans still trailed by three points. In the fourth quarter, Saints kicker John Carney tied the game with a 24-yard field goal. The Bengals offense awoke, and Palmer and Johnson connected with each other two times on 60-yard and 4-yard touchdown passes. The Bengal defense scored too, when rookie defensive back Ethan Kilmer returned a Brees interception 52 yards for a touchdown. The Saints offense could only manage one more score, when Brees completed a 27-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Terrance Copper. The Bengal defense then blocked the extra point attempt. Even though the Bengals were out-gained 595 yards to 385 yards, the Bengals snapped their three-game skid, and their record improved to 5–5.
Week 12: at Cleveland Browns.
"at Cleveland Browns Stadium, Cleveland, Ohio"
Coming off a road win over the Saints, the Bengals flew to Cleveland Browns Stadium for Round 2 of the Battle of Ohio against the Browns. From beginning to end, Cincinnati dominated the game. In the first quarter, running back Rudi Johnson scored on a 1-yard touchdown run for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, quarterback Carson Palmer completed a 7-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Chris Henry, and kicker Shayne Graham completed a 24-yard field goal.
In the third quarter, Palmer threw a 6-yard strike to wide receiver T. J. Houshmandzadeh, but Browns defensive end, Simon Fraser, blocked the extra point. In the fourth quarter, Palmer and Henry would score again on a 10-yard touchdown pass. With their second consecutive sweep of Cleveland, the Bengal record improved to 6–5.
Week 13: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
"at Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio"
Coming off of their shutout of the Browns in Cleveland, the Bengals returned home for a Thursday night fight in an AFC North rematch against the Ravens. After a scoreless first quarter, kicker Shayne Graham scored on 23- and 27-yard field goals, which gave the Bengals the lead at halftime.
In the third quarter, the Bengals added onto their lead when quarterback Carson Palmer completed a 40-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver T. J. Houshmandzadeh on a flea flicker. In the fourth quarter, the Ravens attempted a late comeback. Quarterback Steve McNair completed a 36-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Derrick Mason, but the Bengals squashed Baltimore's comeback, by recovering the Ravens' onside kick. With the win, the Bengals improved to 7–5.
Post Game.
Chris Perry suffered a season-ending injury during this game.
Deltha O'Neal became the 8th Bengal since the 2005 – 2006 season to be arrested. He was charged with drunk driving. O'Neal was listed as "inactive" for the upcoming Raiders game.
Week 14: vs. Oakland Raiders.
"at Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio"
The Bengals week 14 game saw the 2–10 Raiders visiting Paul Brown Stadium. Chris Henry put the Bengals on the board first, on an 8-yard pass from Carson Palmer. Later in the first quarter, Rudi Johnson scored on a 9-yard run. In the second quarter, Sebastian Janikowski converted a 33-yard field goal attempt.
The Bengals struck two more times in the third quarter on 6-yard Rudi Johnson run, and a 20-yard strike from Palmer to Houshmandzadeh. The lone Raider touchdown was scored on an Aaron Brooks-to-Ronald Curry 6-yard pass in the fourth quarter. The Bengal defensive kept the Raiders offense from threatening much of the game, allowing only 45 yards rushing.
Even though quarterback Carson Palmer threw 3 interceptions (two to Nnamdi Asomugha and one to Fabian Washington), and running back Rudi Johnson turned the ball over in the second quarter, the 4 turnovers given to the Raiders were not enough opportunities for the Oakland offense to create points. Bengal mistakes were systemic, as even kicker Shayne Graham missed an extra point, bouncing the ball off the left upright in the third quarter. Cincinnati was not forced to punt once during this game. For the first time in Bengals' history, four players were over 100 yards in offensive production (Palmer, Houshmandzadeh, Chad Johnson and Rudi Johnson). The fourth straight win improved the Bengals' record to 8–5, and put them into wild card contention.
Week 15: at Indianapolis Colts.
"at the RCA Dome, Indianapolis, Indiana"
The Bengals flew to the RCA Dome for a Monday Night game with the Indianapolis Colts. In the first quarter, things started slowly, with Colts kicker Adam Vinatieri kicking a 30-yard field goal, which Bengal kicker Shayne Graham countered with a 27-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Indianapolis took the lead when quarterback Peyton Manning threw a 4-yard touchdown to wide receiver Marvin Harrison. Running back Rudi Johnson answered with a 12-yard touchdown run. Manning and Harrison scored again with a 3-yard TD pass.
In the third quarter, Graham kicked a 30-yard field goal. The four-point Colt lead would be as close as Cincinnati could pull, as Manning completed two more touchdowns: a 1-yard pass to Harrison, and an 18-yard pass to wide receiver Reggie Wayne. In the fourth quarter, Cincinnati's only score was a Graham 28-yard field goal. The Colts' Vinatieri added a final score, a 44-yard field goal, to hand the Colts an 18-point victory. The loss dropped the Bengals' record to 8–6, and delivered their division rival, the Baltimore Ravens, the AFC North crown.
Week 16: at Denver Broncos.
"at Invesco Field at Mile High, Denver, Colorado"
The Bengals flew to Invesco Field for a snowy Week 16 intraconference game with the Broncos. In the first quarter, Cincinnati scored first with running back Rudi Johnson's 6-yard touchdown run for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Jay Cutler tied the game at seven, with a 1-yard TD pass to tight end Tony Scheffler. Cutler then handed Denver the lead with a 39-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Javon Walker. The Bengals cut the Bronco's lead with kicker Shayne Graham's 46-yard field goal, and quarterback Carson Palmer gave the Bengals the lead with an 11-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Chris Henry.
In the second half, Denver pulled ahead with running back Mike Bell's 2-yard touchdown run, and kicker Jason Elam's 24-yard field goal. Cincinnati would pull within one point with Palmer's 10-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver T. J. Houshmandzadeh. On the extra point attempt, holder Kyle Larson allowed the snap to fly between his hands, securing the Broncos' win. The Bengal loss dropped their record to 8–7.
Week 17 vs. Pittsburgh Steelers.
"at Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio"
The Bengals wrapped up their regular season at home with a must-win AFC North rematch game against the Pittsburgh Steelers. The Bengals had two possible options for reaching the post-season:
After a scoreless first quarter, the Steelers struck first when running back Willie Parker scored a 1-yard touchdown run. Cincinnati got on the board when Shayne Graham kicked a 34-yard field goal.
After a scoreless third quarter, the Bengals took the lead after recovering a Willie Parker fumble for a touchback. Quarterback Carson Palmer completed a 66-yard touchdown to wide receiver Chris Henry. Undaunted, Pittsburgh retook the lead when Parker scored on a 1-yard touchdown run. Cincinnati would again retake the lead when Palmer completed a 5-yard touchdown pass to tight end Tony Stewart. The Steelers tied the game late in the 4th quarter when kicker Jeff Reed kicked a 35-yard field goal. The Bengals managed to move into field goal range, but, Graham's potential game-winning 39-yard field goal attempt went wide right.
In overtime, the Steelers won when quarterback Ben Roethlisberger threw a 67-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Santonio Holmes. With the loss, Cincinnati fell to 8–8, and their season-ending, three consecutive losses, eliminated the Bengals from the playoffs. In a cruel twist of fate, the Chiefs defeated the Jaguars and the Broncos lost to the 49ers, meaning that the Bengals cost themselves a playoff berth. It was Marvin Lewis' third 8–8 season in his four years as the Bengals head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="6930821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930821" title="1999 Wakayama gubernatorial election">
1999 Wakayama gubernatorial election



</doc>
<doc id="6930824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930824" title="Virginia State Highway 48">
Virginia State Highway 48



</doc>
<doc id="6930825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930825" title="Route 48 (Virginia)">
Route 48 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6930826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930826" title="Virginia Route 48">
Virginia Route 48



</doc>
<doc id="6930829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930829" title="VA 48">
VA 48



</doc>
<doc id="6930830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930830" title="VA-48">
VA-48



</doc>
<doc id="6930831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930831" title="SR 48 (VA)">
SR 48 (VA)



</doc>
<doc id="6930834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930834" title="Mohawk Airlines Flight 405">
Mohawk Airlines Flight 405

Mohawk Airlines Flight 405, a Fairchild Hiller FH-227 twin-engine turboprop airliner registered N7818M, was a domestic scheduled passenger flight operated by Mohawk Airlines that crashed into a house within the city limits of Albany, New York, on March 3, 1972, on final approach to Albany County Airport (now Albany International Airport), New York, killing 17 people. The intended destination airport lies in the suburban Town of Colonie, about 4 miles north of the crash site.
Flight history.
The flight, which originated in New York City, encountered problems during its final approach to runway 01 at Albany. The weather at the airport was reported to the flight crew as "ceiling indefinite, 1,200 feet obscured, 2 miles visibility in light snow, surface winds (from) 360 degrees (north) at 9 knots". As the Fairchild FH227B twin-engine turboprop reached 8.5 miles from the airport, the flight crew contacted Mohawk's operations center via radio and informed them that the left propeller was 'hung up' in the cruise pitch lock, which would prevent normal thrust reduction on that side, needed for landing. At about 5 miles out, the flight crew notified Albany Approach Control that they were trying to perform an emergency 'feathering' of the left propeller. As they continued to descend and struggle with the propeller, they advised the controller that they were going to "land short". The plane subsequently crashed into a house 3.5 miles south of the runway. Of the 3 crew members and 45 passengers, 2 crew members and 14 passengers were killed, as well as one occupant of the house.
Investigation.
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) launched a full investigation into the accident, which included a three-day public hearing in Albany on April 25 through April 27, 1972, and a deposition in Washington, D.C., on May 19, 1972. Both the flight data recorder and the cockpit voice recorder were recovered from the wreckage, and their recorded data was found to be intact and usable. The investigation revealed that as the flight crew attempted to reduce thrust on the left engine during the final approach, they were unable to remove the 'cruise pitch lock' mechanism that is used to maintain a cruise thrust setting. When they subsequently attempted to perform an emergency feathering and shutdown procedure on that engine, they were able to shut down the engine but unable to achieve a feathering of the propeller. This eventually resulted in the left propeller creating a high amount of asymmetric drag while windmilling; so much so, that the other engine operating at full power was not able to arrest the resulting uncontrollable descent.
The NTSB, despite investing substantial investigative resources trying to uncover the reasons behind the two unusual and seemingly separate propeller-related malfunctions, was unable to shed light on either one. It was not able to replicate the 'pitch lock stuck' malfunction, nor adequately explain why the crew subsequently failed to effect the standard feathering procedure to properly shut down and reduce the thrust and drag on the left side.
In effect, by not being able to properly secure the left engine, an unwanted asymmetric high thrust situation turned into an irreversible unwanted high asymmetric drag, which eventually resulted in an inevitable and premature descent and crash.
In its final report, issued on April 11, 1973, the Board determined the following Probable Cause for the accident:
The inability of the crew to feather the left propeller, in combination with the descent of the aircraft below the prescribed minimum altitudes for the approach. The Board is unable to determine why the left propeller could not be feathered.
The Board also found the following Contributing Factors:
Contributing causal factors for the nonstandard approach were the captain's preoccupation with a cruise pitch lock malfunction, the first officer's failure to adhere to company altitude awareness procedures, and the captain's failure to delegate any meaningful responsibilities to the copilot which resulted in a lack of effective task sharing during the emergency. Also, the Board was unable to determine why the propeller pitch lock malfunctioned during the descent.
In subsequent correspondence between the NTSB and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), included in the final report, the NTSB questioned the then-available operating procedures and manuals for the aircraft. The NTSB found that there was insufficient guidance to pilots in the handling of "Cruise Pitch Lock Stuck" condition. For example, it was not clear based on existing instructions and guidelines whether a missed approach would be indicated and/or possible under these circumstances, and if so, what would be the recommended procedure to successfully execute the maneuver. Also, the condition of a shut down but unfeathered engine, i.e. windmilling propeller with high asymmetric drag and minimum control implications, which was encountered in this accident, was insufficiently covered, according to the NTSB.
Safety recommendations.
As a result of its investigation into the accident and in light of its findings, the NTSB also issued the following safety recommendations:

</doc>
<doc id="6930836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930836" title="Financial services industry">
Financial services industry



</doc>
<doc id="6930842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930842" title="Home Lake Township">
Home Lake Township



</doc>
<doc id="6930848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930848" title="Lodhran">
Lodhran

Lodhran (), is a city and the capital of Lodhran District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is Pakistan's 81st largest city. It is located on the northern side of River Sutlej.
Lodhran is famous for its cotton crop and mangoes.
Demographics.
Population.
According to 2023 census, Lodhran had a population of 144,512.
Development projects.
The federal government spent Rs. 5.6 billion on 53 development schemes in the Public Health Engineering sector. These schemes involved building and fixing water supply systems, sewage treatment plants, and drainage systems in different areas, with the aim of improving access to clean water and sanitation, especially in remote and underprivileged regions. The government allocated Rs. 1.06 billion for 10 projects in Punjab, which included development projects in Lodhran.
Lodhran-Multan highway.
In mid 2021, Pakistan started the construction of a new 62 km two-lane road to connect Lodhran, Khanewal, and Multan. The aim was to boost transportation and trade between the three districts and improve the infrastructure in the region.
Railway reforms.
In 2022, the federal government allocated Rs. 32,648 million to the Railways Division for the annual budget, which was an increase from the previous year. The funds were intended to complete ongoing railway projects and launch new initiatives aimed at improving the infrastructure and services.
Speedo Bus service.
The Speedo Bus Service was launched in Bahawalpur, Pakistan in May 2022, following the direction of the Chief Minister of Punjab. The service operated between Bahawalpur and Lodhran, providing citizens with modern and affordable transport. The inaugural ceremony was attended by local officials and citizens who appreciated the initiative taken by the Punjab government.
The Speedo Bus Service was restored after a break of several months due to several threats from a transport company due to their unpaid charges from the government. The authorities took measures to ensure passengers' safety and urged citizens to use the service to facilitate economic and social development in the region. Local officials expressed satisfaction with the service's resumption.
School for transgender persons.
In 2019, Pakistan's first public school for transgender individuals was opened in Lodhran district with the support of a local NGO. The school aimed to provide education and equal opportunities to transgender individuals who often face discrimination. The school's founder and local officials expressed hope that the initiative would create equal opportunities for the transgender community, and human rights activists praised the school as a step forward in ensuring equal rights for transgender individuals in Pakistan.
Agriculture.
In 2023, Farmers in Pakistan were urged to sign up for government crop insurance programs to protect against crop losses due to natural disasters. Crop insurance is essential for the survival of farmers and the farming community in Pakistan. The Punjab government launched several crop insurance programs covering a variety of crops, including wheat, cotton, sugarcane, and rice, with subsidies of up to 100% for farmers with up to five acres of land. Agriculture is crucial for Pakistan's economy, and the majority of the population depends on it.
A new variety of Chaunsa mango called "White Chaunsa" from Lodhran became popular among mango enthusiasts due to its sweet taste and unique white color. The mango gained popularity over other popular varieties such as Anwar Ratol and Sindhri. The longer shelf life of White Chaunsa also made it more appealing to buyers.

</doc>
<doc id="6930849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930849" title="Bishop of Comana">
Bishop of Comana



</doc>
<doc id="6930852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930852" title="TreeLang">
TreeLang



</doc>
<doc id="6930853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930853" title="Non-return valve">
Non-return valve



</doc>
<doc id="6930855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930855" title="Pinus leucodermis">
Pinus leucodermis



</doc>
<doc id="6930860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930860" title="Non return valve">
Non return valve



</doc>
<doc id="6930862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930862" title="Forest Home Township">
Forest Home Township



</doc>
<doc id="6930865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930865" title="Peter Esenwein">
Peter Esenwein

Peter Esenwein (born 7 December 1967 in Göppingen) is a German javelin thrower.
In the 2004 Summer Olympics he was eliminated in the first round of the javelin throw competition.
He finished sixth at the 2006 European Championships and third at the 2006 World Athletics Final.
His personal best throw is 87.20 metres, achieved in May 2004 in Rehlingen. This ranked him fourth among German javelin (new implement) throwers, behind Raymond Hecht, Boris Henry and Peter Blank. All but Hecht were displaced by the new crop of German throwers in 2017 and 2018, Johannes Vetter, Thomas Röhler and Andreas Hofmann.

</doc>
<doc id="6930867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930867" title="10, Rillington Place">
10, Rillington Place



</doc>
<doc id="6930874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930874" title="Broking">
Broking



</doc>
<doc id="6930876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930876" title="Charles Dotter">
Charles Dotter



</doc>
<doc id="6930884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930884" title="2006 Kansas City Chiefs season">
2006 Kansas City Chiefs season

The 2006 season was the Kansas City Chiefs' 37th in the National Football League (NFL), their 47th overall, their 44th in Kansas City, and their first under head coach Herm Edwards. Despite failing to improve on their 10–6 record from 2005, they finished 9-7 and made a wild card playoff spot, unlike the previous year.
The team endured many setbacks during the 2006 season, including the loss of starting quarterback Trent Green in the first game, the readjustment of a record-breaking offense, and the death of owner and founder Lamar Hunt on December 13, 2006. Despite these setbacks, the team gained momentum and finished second in the AFC West with a 4–2 divisional record.
The Chiefs entered Week 17 of the season a long shot to make the playoffs, needing a win and a loss from the Denver Broncos, Cincinnati Bengals, and Tennessee Titans. In an unlikely clinching scenario, the Chiefs defeated the Jaguars 35–30, the Titans, Bengals and the Broncos lost, allowing the Chiefs to clinch the sixth seed in the 2006–07 playoffs and clinching their first playoff berth since the 2003 season. The Chiefs lost in the Wild Card round of the playoffs 23–8 to their playoff rival and eventual Super Bowl champions, the Indianapolis Colts.
Offseason.
Dick Vermeil, head coach, retired after the Chiefs' 2005 campaign. On Monday, January 9, 2006, the Chiefs made their first step throughout the 2006 offseason when they hired Herman Edwards from the New York Jets as the new head coach.
Draft.
"Note: The Chiefs exchanged their fourth round draft pick to the New York Jets in order to acquire coach Herman Edwards."
Roster moves.
Just before training camp, Pro Bowl cornerback Ty Law was added to Kansas City's lineup to strengthen the defense. To help the offense, Left tackle Kyle Turley made his first appearance post-two-year absence from the NFL, and Running back Michael Bennett was acquired to back up Larry Johnson. The Chiefs signed quarterback Casey Printers, who had success in the Canadian Football League, to their practice squad.
Key losses to the team included the heart and soul of the team's offense; Pro Bowl tackles Willie Roaf and John Welbourn announcing their retirements (Welbourn later returned to the team in week eight following a suspension served after his reinstatement), and Fullback Tony Richardson was signed by the Minnesota Vikings.
Training camp &amp; Pre-season.
The Chiefs held training camp at the University of Wisconsin–River Falls. The team reported July 28 and broke camp on August 18. On August 4, the Chiefs scrimmaged the Minnesota Vikings in Mankato, Minnesota.
In the preseason, the Chiefs lost to the Houston Texans on August 12 and the New York Giants on August 17. For their preseason home games, the Chiefs defeated the St. Louis Rams and retained the Missouri Governor's Cup on August 26 and also defeated the New Orleans Saints on August 31.
Regular season.
Schedule.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries.
Week 1: vs. Cincinnati Bengals.
The Chiefs opened the regular season at home against the Cincinnati Bengals on September 10. The game was broadcast on CBS at noon Kansas City time.
The Chiefs' offense began at a slow pace, while their defense initially held the Bengals to a field goal within the first few minutes. The Bengals began to rip through the Chiefs' defense with the help of Rudi Johnson, who would later go on to rush for 96 yards and a touchdown.
In the third quarter, quarterback Trent Green received a concussion when he slid past the first-down marker and was hit by
Robert Geathers' shoulder. Green laid motionless for eleven minutes until he was taken off the field by a stretcher. The mood of the game changed instantly when the Chiefs lost their leader, and many fans began to leave Arrowhead Stadium due to heavy rain and the dwindling score.
Back-up quarterback Damon Huard came into the game and completed 12 of 20 passes for 140 yards and a touchdown, and was sacked four times. Tight end Tony Gonzalez caught his first touchdown pass of the season and helped bring the score to 20–10. The Bengals left with their first win of the 2006 season as the Chiefs began their season 0–1.
Week 2: at Denver Broncos.
Heading into their second game of the season and first on the road, the Chiefs looked to backup quarterback Damon Huard to lead their first win of the season. The game marked the first time the Herman Edwards regime played against the Denver Broncos, as Kansas City had not won in Denver since 2000. The game was broadcast on CBS at 2:15pm Denver time.
The game was the first time the Chiefs and Broncos played with no touchdowns scored by either team. The Kansas City defense held the Broncos scoreless in the first half, and to only nine points by the end of the game; the fewest the Chiefs have permitted at Denver since registering a 21–7 win on October 22, 1995. It also marked the fewest points Denver scored at INVESCO Field since it opened in 2001.
Punter Dustin Colquitt tied a career-high with six punts and established a career-high with 281 punting yards. Two costly fumbles by Damon Huard and one by Larry Johnson in the red zone resulted in the tied game going into overtime. The Broncos won the toss and set up for the game winning kick by Jason Elam.
With the loss, the Chiefs entered their bye week 0–2.
Week 3: Bye Week.
The Chiefs took a week off, using the time to help Trent Green recover from his injury and developing Damon Huard and Brodie Croyle familiarity with their offensive playbook.
Week 4: vs. San Francisco 49ers.
On October 1, the Chiefs hosted the San Francisco 49ers at Arrowhead Stadium. Coach Herman Edwards confirmed Trent Green would not play in the game. The game was broadcast on Fox at noon Kansas City time.
The Chiefs defense shut out the 49ers high scoring offense, forcing two interceptions and three forced fumbles. Quarterback Alex Smith was held to 92 yards passing and the 49ers to 93 yards rushing. In their first three games, the 49ers had given up only four sacks, but against the Chiefs, they allowed five total sacks.
Quarterback Damon Huard completed 18 of 23 passes for 208 yards and two passing touchdowns. While compiling a 133.3 passer rating – 158.3 is perfect – Huard was hardly ever touched or even hurried by a San Francisco defense which had rung up 12 sacks in its first three games. The game marked the first shutout for the Chiefs defense since December 1, 2002, and the 49ers their first shutout since 2004 and only their second since 1977.
With the win, the Chiefs improved to 1–2.
Week 5: at Arizona Cardinals.
On October 8, the Chiefs traveled to Glendale, Arizona for their first game in the University of Phoenix Stadium to face the Arizona Cardinals. Trent Green was still recovering from his concussion, and Arizona's rookie quarterback Matt Leinart made his career start. The game was broadcast on CBS 1:05pm Arizona time.
The game began with Arizona's offense dominating and catching the Chiefs' defense off-guard with a 49-yard touchdown pass to Wide receiver Anquan Boldin, putting the Cardinals on the scoreboard within three minutes of the game.
On the opening kickoff, Dante Hall was injured and left the game, leaving rookie Jeff Webb to return the kicks for the rest of the game, including a 56-yard punt return. Samie Parker caught a 15-yard touchdown pass, leaving the Chiefs within three points of the Cardinals (17–20). The play was officially reviewed as the referees initially thought Parker caught the ball out of bounds, but the referees decided it was caught in the endzone.
Damon Huard threw Larry Johnson a 78-yard screen pass that would be stopped short of a touchdown when Antrel Rolle twisted Johnson's neck by grabbing his facemask, sending him to the turf motionless for 2 minutes. Johnson recovered and received a standing ovation. The NFL fined Rolle $12,500 for his penalty. It was the second time in the 2006 season in which Rolle had been fined for an illegal tackle. The play set up Lawrence Tynes’ eventual game-winning field goal, leaving the Chiefs with the 23–20 lead.
Neil Rackers set up for a kick with less than 15 seconds to play in order to send the 23–20 contest into overtime. Rackers missed the uprights by a foot with seconds left in the game.
With the win, the Chiefs improved to 2–2.
Week 6: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
On October 15, the Chiefs traveled to Heinz Field to battle the defending Super Bowl champion Pittsburgh Steelers. The Chiefs entered the game 2–2 for the season, while the Steelers were 1–3 with a three-game losing streak. The game was broadcast on CBS 4:15 p.m. Pittsburgh time.
Trent Green would sit out for the fourth straight week. Damon Huard would make his fourth consecutive start as he entered the game ranked second in the NFL in quarterback ratings, while the Chiefs defense ranked in the top five in the NFL. Larry Johnson recovered from his facemask tackle from Antrel Rolle and started as running back.
Ben Roethlisberger threw his first touchdown of the season as the Chiefs defense gave up 372 total yards in the first half, allowing 17 first downs. Cornerback Ty Law made a costly error in the opening series by slipping on the turf, allowing Santonio Holmes to gain 50 yards on the third play of the game. Holmes would have scored if he had not slipped as well.
The Chiefs managed one touchdown in the game, coming from Larry Johnson in the third quarter. Following a 49-yard interception by safety Troy Polamalu, Larry Johnson stopped Polamalu by tackling him from his long hair. Johnson was not penalized for pulling Polamalu down, but by pulling him back up by his hair (a 15-yard penalty for unsportsmanlike conduct).
The Chiefs put in rookie quarterback Brodie Croyle in the final quarter, who managed an interception for a touchdown and a sack, as the Steelers ended the game with the 45–7 victory margin.
With the loss, the Chiefs fell to 2–3.
Week 7: vs. San Diego Chargers.
On October 22, the Chiefs returned to Arrowhead to face division rivals, the San Diego Chargers. The game was broadcast on CBS at noon Kansas City time.
Trent Green had been ruled out to start in the game, but has been cleared by doctors to begin practicing with the squad. Ronnie Cruz, the Chiefs' only fullback, is out for the year following an unspecified knee injury. Tight end Kris Wilson took over for Cruz. The Chiefs also signed fullback Greg Hanoian in the days before the game to add depth to the position.
The game started with the Chiefs forcing turnovers on San Diego's first four possessions. Damon Huard later converted turnovers with two touchdown passes. Jared Allen forced a fumble from quarterback Philip Rivers, recovered by Tamba Hali. The Chiefs took advantage of the turnover by scoring a touchdown with Eddie Kennison, making the lead 14–0. The Chargers would kick a field goal and the Chiefs would respond with a 15-yard field goal extending the lead to 20–3. The Chargers would not go into halftime with a 17-point deficit, so they kicked another field goal with 5 minutes to halftime.
The game was tied for the rest of the fourth quarter until 33 seconds remained when Damon Huard led the Chiefs to a 52-yard gain with 3 passes—two of them to Tony Gonzalez for 37 yards. The gain by Gonzalez set up for a game-winning field goal by kicker Lawrence Tynes. With 11 seconds left in the game, with the Chiefs trying to avoid overtime, Tynes connected on a career long 53-yard kick which later gave the Chiefs the victory, 30–27.
With the win, the Chiefs improved to 3–3.
Week 8: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
On October 29, the Chiefs hosted the defending NFC champion and former division rival, the Seattle Seahawks. The game marked the first time the Seahawks had played at Arrowhead since joining the NFC. The game was broadcast on Fox at noon Kansas City time.
Trent Green had been cleared by doctors to practice again with the team, but he required a minimum of 2 more games to adjust to playing time. Backup quarterback Damon Huard was injured in the days before the game and was expected to miss the game, but he was declared fit to start. On the Chiefs radio coverage during the game, play-by-play announcer Mitch Holthus called the game "The Backup Bowl."
Offensive tackle John Welbourn practiced with the team, but it was not known if he will be welcomed back to the team following a suspension violating the league's steroid policy. He later came back after Week 8 after serving his suspension. The Chiefs also signed offensive tackle Chris Terry to a two-year contract. Previously, Terry had been suspended from the NFL for four games in 2003 for violation of the policies on substance abuse and personal conduct.
In the second quarter, the Chiefs' Lawrence Tynes connected on a 32-yard field goal adding to the Chiefs' lead 13–7. Quarterback Seneca Wallace responded to the Chiefs' lead by throwing to Wide receiver Deion Branch, who went out of bounds in front of the end zone. The Chiefs challenged the call as they believed Branch did not have possession while in bounds. Replays showed Branch caught the ball while in the air and while one foot landed in bounds, the other stepped on the line. The review booth was experiencing technical difficulties. so the referees declared the call stands.
The Chiefs' defense held the Seahawks for the remaining time in the fourth quarter after Jared Allen intercepted a tipped pass from Seneca Wallace. Allen had the ball stripped by Deion Branch near the Seattle 27-yard line. Seattle challenged Allen's possession as it was later seen that Branch recovered the ball before going out of bounds. The referees took nearly four minutes in reviewing the play, where new NFL rules claim that referees should take no longer than 90 seconds or else the play will stand. The call was reversed and Seattle regained possession with less than two minutes remaining and one timeout left.
In the last few moments in the game, Derrick Johnson managed to get the Chiefs' first sack on Seneca Wallace and the Chiefs' defense held the Seahawks to secure the win. With the win, the Chiefs climbed above .500 for the first time in the season.
With the win, the Chiefs improved to 4–3.
Week 9: at St. Louis Rams.
On November 5, the Chiefs traveled to the Edward Jones Dome to battle their intrastate and interleague rivals, the St. Louis Rams. The Chiefs were defending the Missouri Governor's Cup, in which both teams competed in the pre-season. The game was broadcast on CBS at noon St. Louis time.
Chiefs' running back Priest Holmes would meet with a neurosurgeon about his October 30 neck injury, suffered against the Chargers' Shawne Merriman. Holmes must practice by November 7 to be eligible to remain in the season. Trent Green suited up for the game against the Rams, but was listed as the third quarterback behind starter Damon Huard and rookie Brodie Croyle. Herm Edwards said there was no chance Green would play against the Rams, but could be back by week 10.
Damon Huard threw a 43-yard pass to Samie Parker which put the Chiefs in the red zone at the 3-yard line. Huard continued the drive with a 3-yard pass to Tony Gonzalez, his 58th career touchdown and the Chiefs' all-time record breaker for Tight ends. The Chiefs were leading with two and a half minutes into the game. Kansas City again used Larry Johnson's speed to their advantage as Johnson broke a 16-yard dash, setting up a field goal by Lawrence Tynes on fourth and one. An offensive battle ensued between the two teams before the half, as Tony Gonzalez scored his 59th career touchdown and second of the game from 25-yards out. The Rams failed to find the endzone, but Jeff Wilkins connected on a field goal to make the score 24–10 at the half.
Damon Huard fumbled on Kansas City's next offensive drive but was recovered by Kyle Turley—in his first game back from an injury. The Rams' defensive unit stopped the Chiefs from securing the lead. The Chiefs' defense gave up some major yardage on the Rams' next turn on offense. Penalties to St. Louis cost them over 60 yards, as the Chiefs' offense suffered a penalty for defensive pass interference from Dexter Coakley and a facemask to Larry Johnson from Oshiomogho Atogwe. The Chiefs would go on to secure the win with an 11-yard touchdown pass to Kris Wilson to make the score 31–17. The game ended as the clock ran out as the Chiefs retained the Governor's Cup and advanced to 5–3.
Several Chiefs players were injured throughout the game including Brian Waters, Tamba Hali, Derrick Johnson, Greg Wesley, Keyaron Fox and Kendall Gammon.
Week 10: at Miami Dolphins.
On November 12, the Chiefs traveled to Dolphin Stadium to play the Miami Dolphins. The Chiefs entered the game with a three-game winning streak and the Dolphins entered with an upset victory over the previously undefeated Chicago Bears. The game was broadcast on CBS at 1pm Miami time.
In a November 7 press conference, Herm Edwards backed off on the subject of whether Trent Green will retain his starting role. On Election Day, Chiefs' fans were asked to vote for their choice of starting quarterback on "The Kansas City Star's" website. Damon Huard won the poll with 58%. The vote did not determine Edwards' decision, and was strictly for the fan's input.
Pro Bowler Brian Waters missed the game and several other Chiefs players—including Derrick Johnson and Greg Wesley—missed the game with their own injuries. Kansas City was 3-for-14 on third-down conversions and had the ball for only 24 minutes throughout the game.
The Chiefs were shut out by the end of the first half, the first time Miami had not allowed their opponents to score all season. After the second half, the Chiefs began to regain their ground. A fumble by Ronnie Brown gave Kansas City's Jared Allen 20-yards to recover and put the Chiefs in the red zone. Larry Johnson would finish the opportunity from the turnover and score from 2-yards out for a touchdown. The Chiefs now trailed 10–13 following an XPA by Lawrence Tynes.
The Chiefs regained the ball after a failed offensive drive by Miami with 3:10 left in the game. A costly sack by former Chiefs player Vonnie Holliday would put Damon Huard back within 5-yards of the end zone. The Chiefs would not be able to rally back from the 3-point deficit following an incomplete pass to Tony Gonzalez. The Dolphins ran the clock out for their third win of the season, and Kansas City's first loss in three games as the team fell to 5–4.
Week 11: vs. Oakland Raiders.
On November 19, the Chiefs began a short week by facing their historic division rivals, the Oakland Raiders, and prepared for another home game against the Denver Broncos. The game was broadcast on CBS at noon CST.
Tight end Tony Gonzalez missed the game because of a sprained shoulder from week 10, and at the time his status for the Thanksgiving game was unknown. Brian Waters and Kevin Sampson will also miss the game, and Derrick Johnson and Greg Wesley are questionable to start.
In the week before the game, Trent Green was cleared by his doctor to play in the game. Coach Herm Edwards said early Wednesday (November 15) that whatever decision he made would remain a secret until game time, but by the evening, Fox Sports reported Edwards confirmed Green to be the starting QB for the game. On the Chiefs' radio broadcast, Mitch Holthus noted the crowd was so deafening that it sounded "like a playoff game."
Trent Green took the field for the first time in two months, but barely threw the ball in the first half, gaining only 3-yards passing. Green was not making many throws for the first 3½ quarters. He attempted four passes in the first half for only three yards. Edwards said he dialed down the playbook not necessarily because of Green's rust but because the Chiefs wanted to get Larry Johnson more involved. With the help of backup Michael Bennett, Larry Johnson and the run game trampled the Raiders to get into the end zone from 5 yards out. The Chiefs led 7–0.
The noise from the Chiefs fans began to die down when the Raiders took the lead. After offensive struggles from both teams, the Chiefs finally managed to be within 15-yards until they were penalized for delay of game, setting them back 5 yards. The Chiefs managed to kick a field goal to make the game 13–10, reclaiming the lead. Through the fourth quarter, the Raiders were plagued with multiple penalties. Trent Green made his biggest throw of the game when he connected with Eddie Kennison for a 24-yard gain, and another to Samie Parker for 16 yards. Larry Johnson capped off the offensive drive by running 9-yards into the endzone. The play was challenged by Oakland and reversed, but the Chiefs still managed to score with a 1-yard touchdown by Johnson with less than 2 minutes to go in the game. After an PAT, the Chiefs secured their lead 17–13.
Aaron Brooks shot a pass from the 8 yard line to Randy Moss, but the ball was intercepted by rookie safety Jarrad Page with 30 seconds left in the game. The Chiefs secured the win with a kneel-down by Trent Green, and their seventh straight win over the Raiders, their 50th win over the Raiders in 95 meetings. The game marked the first time in 120 games, since 1999, that Tony Gonzalez did not play in the game.
Larry Johnson finished with a two-touchdown, 159-yard rushing game on his 27th birthday. Trent Green in his comeback performance finished with 9 completed passes out of 16 attempts for 102 yards passing. Aaron Brooks had his own impressive comeback by completing 13 or 22 passes for 179 yards passing and one touchdown. The Chiefs finished the game with only 92 yards passing, but 200 rushing. The Raiders were penalized 8 times for 65 yards.
With the win, the Chiefs improved to 6–4.
Week 12: vs. Denver Broncos.
Thanksgiving Day games
On Thanksgiving, the Chiefs played their modern-day rivals, the Denver Broncos. The game was broadcast on the NFL Network as part of the NFL's new "Thanksgiving Tripleheader" tradition, set to kick off the NFL Network's broadcasts of Thursday and Saturday Night Football. The game also aired on Denver and Kansas City local television--KDVR-Fox 31 in Denver and WDAF-Fox 4 in Kansas City at 7pm Kansas City time. The game was broadcast on Westwood One radio. The game marked the first time in NFL history that the league played a triple-header on the holiday, and it was also the first Thanksgiving prime-time game.
After John Fogerty played at halftime, the Chiefs showed their own explosive firepower. A big gain by Samie Parker for 31-yards set up another field goal by Lawrence Tynes from 34 yards out. The Broncos fought back on their next possession. It appeared the Plummer threw his second interception of the game when Patrick Surtain intercepted a ball intended for Javon Walker, but a penalty on Lenny Walls reversed the call. The Chiefs led 13–10.
A defensive battle ensued in the fourth quarter, as the Broncos and Chiefs' defense held each other from scoring again. At the 30-yard line, a pass from Trent Green was intercepted by Darrent Williams, intended for Samie Parker. The Chiefs regained possession at 8:00 left in the game. The Chiefs secured the win
The game ball was given to Chiefs founder Lamar Hunt, who lobbied for 37-years to put a Thanksgiving game in Kansas City. The 74-year-old Hunt, who missed only a handful of games since founding the franchise, was admitted to a Dallas-area hospital on Wednesday, bitterly disappointed he would not see Kansas City's inaugurating the NFL's new Thanksgiving tripleheader.
Making the night even more festive was an in-house standing-room-only crowd of 80,866, the largest since 1972 (the year Arrowhead Stadium opened).
Week 13: at Cleveland Browns.
On December 3, the Chiefs traveled to Ohio to battle the Cleveland Browns following a 10-day break. The Chiefs looked to secure a three-game win streak over the Browns, who suffered from a 1–14 home record in December since 1999. The game was broadcast on CBS at noon Cleveland time.
On November 28, it was announced that former Chiefs starting running back Priest Holmes would not return for the remainder of the 2006 season, along with Chiefs cornerback William Bartee. Holmes has not played since October 30, 2005, when he was injured on a hit by Chargers linebacker Shawne Merriman in a game at San Diego. The injury left him with head and neck trauma, diagnosed by three spinal specialists.
Before halftime, the Browns tied the game with another touchdown, 14–14. Kansas City began the second half and Eddie Kennison racked in 39 yards with a pass from Trent Green. The Chiefs moved upfield and capped off another offensive drive with a touchdown from Kris Wilson. The play was challenged by Cleveland, but upheld. The Chiefs appeared to have sealed the win as they were up 28–14 with twelve minutes left in the game.
Cleveland fought back by finding holes in the Kansas City defense. A 54-yard pass to Jason Wright set the Browns up for a score. Steve Heiden caught a 6-yard pass for a touchdown, placing the Browns within a possession, 28–21. The Browns moved 81 yards in three and half minutes. Kansas City never found its offensive power again: a failed offensive drive gave the Browns possession again. With forty seconds remaining in the game, the Chiefs gave up another touchdown: a 3-yard pass to Steve Heiden tied the game. The Chiefs called a timeout with five seconds remaining but were clearly out of Lawrence Tynes' range for a game-winning field goal. A short pass to Tony Gonzalez, intending to reach out of bounds to stop the clock, led the game into overtime.
The Chiefs won the toss in overtime but incomplete passes barred them from winning their eighth game of the season. The game marked the second time this season that the Chiefs could not stop a team in overtime from advancing to the red zone and their second overtime loss from a field goal.
Week 14: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
On December 10, the Chiefs looked to extend their "December home game winning streak" to 19 games when they took on the Baltimore Ravens. The Chiefs previously won the past 18 games at home in December, leading back to their loss to the Indianapolis Colts on December 15, 1996. The game was broadcast on CBS at noon Kansas City time. Before the game, there was a moment of silence for ailing Chiefs owner and founder Lamar Hunt, who was still in the hospital seeking cancer treatment.
Throughout the first half, it was a defensive fight with the Ravens getting a 41-yard field goal in the first quarter and a 23-yard field goal in the second quarter by kicker Matt Stover. Within the first half, Trent Green committed three turnovers
In the third quarter, Kansas City fell big as blown coverage allowed Steve McNair to complete an 87-yard touchdown pass to Mark Clayton. The pass was the longest made by McNair in his career and Clayton's longest reception The blown coverage would seal the loss for the Chiefs. The score put the Ravens up 13–0 with just under 6 and a half minutes left in the third quarter. Chiefs fans began to file out of Arrowhead Stadium, realizing their team lost for the first time in December at home in over a decade.
Death of Lamar Hunt.
In the late hours of Wednesday, December 13, Chiefs founder and owner Lamar Hunt died due to complications to prostate cancer at the age of 74. Hunt had been in the hospital seeking cancer treatment since November 22. Hunt was stricken with prostate cancer in September 1998 and underwent a series of chemotherapy treatments. In October 2003 he had surgery to remove the prostate gland.
Hunt is survived by wife Norma, children Lamar Jr., Sharron Munson, Clark and Daniel; and 13 grandchildren. Clark Hunt will oversee the family's sports interests. On Thursday, December 14, before the "Thursday Night Football" game on NFL Network between the San Francisco 49ers and Seattle Seahawks, a moment of silence was held to honor Lamar Hunt.
Week 15: at San Diego Chargers.
The race in the AFC West continued to heat up in December, especially when the Chiefs took on the San Diego Chargers on prime-time national television. The Chiefs entered the game fighting to keep their playoff dreams alive while the San Diego Chargers looked to secure the home field advantage in the playoffs.
The game was scheduled to be broadcast on CBS at 1pm San Diego time, but on December 4, the game was officially chosen to be aired on "NBC Sunday Night Football" at 8:15 ET (6:15 San Diego time) as part of the league's new "flex scheduling" policy. The game marked the first time the Chiefs appeared on "NBC Sunday Night Football", their first prime-time game in San Diego, and their first game to be aired on NBC since facing Denver in the AFC Divisional Playoff Game at Arrowhead on January 4, 1998.
Publicity fueled the Sunday night match when Chiefs defensive end Tamba Hali claimed the Chargers were a "finesse team" eight weeks ago after Kansas City beat San Diego 30–27 at Arrowhead Stadium in week 5. The game was the last time the Chargers lost before their seven-game winning streak leading into week 14.
Prior to kickoff, there was a video tribute and moment of silence for Hunt, who died Wednesday night of complications from prostate cancer. He was 74. The Chiefs had "LH" decals on the backs of their helmets. The Chiefs opted for white pants in honor of Lamar Hunt. The Chiefs got their start in Kansas City wearing white on white when playing on the road and some players appealed to coach Herm Edwards to go to the traditional look Sunday night.
After getting one sack in the previous two games and none in last week's loss to Baltimore, the Chiefs were able to put some pressure on Philip Rivers in the first half. James Reed and Tamba Hali each had a sack, and the Chiefs would have had a third, but Rivers was penalized for intentional grounding when he unloaded the ball. The Chiefs did not allow Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers to complete a pass until early in the second quarter when he threw for 18 yards to Vincent Jackson. The Chargers still led 7–3 at the time.
Tomlinson broke three NFL records: single-season scoring (186 points), single-season rushing touchdowns (28) and consecutive multi-touchdown games (eight). Tomlinson's 85-yard touchdown run in the second quarter was the game's deciding play. It gave the Chargers a 14–3 lead with less than 3 minutes until halftime. The Chiefs never recovered from the botched blocked punt and let the Chargers run away with their eleventh win of the season and homefield advantage in the playoffs.
Trent Green finished the game 23 of 41 with 185 yards passing, no touchdowns and one interception. It was Green's fourth loss in six games after returning from his injury in week one. Lawrence Tynes was the only scorer for the Chiefs, kicking three field goals from 45, 52 and 24 yards out.
The game was the Chiefs' third straight loss as they fell to 7–7 and the Chargers' eighth straight win as they improved to 12–2.
Week 16: at Oakland Raiders.
On December 23, the Chiefs visited the Oakland Raiders for a Saturday night game. The game was broadcast on the NFL Network and local Oakland and Kansas City television at 5pm Oakland time. Former Chiefs head coach Dick Vermeil helped announce the game with Bryant Gumbel on NFL Network. The Chiefs had lost three straight and the Raiders lost seven in a row. The Raiders themselves had not beat the Chiefs in four years and were looking for their first division win since 2004.
Kansas City managed to hold Oakland throughout the first quarter while Lawrence Tynes managed to get a 29-yard field goal. Kansas City's Jared Allen recovered a fumble from Oakland's Andrew Walter after Walter was sandwiched by Allen and Kawika Mitchell. In the third quarter, the Raiders would get yet another field goal as Janikowski got one from 53 yards out. It would be the final score from Oakland of the night, and the third field goal. Kansas City looked to extend their lead with a kick from Lawrence Tynes but the kick was missed wide right. Kansas City still had the lead, 17–6.
The Chiefs became the first team to ever win eight straight against the Raiders. The Raiders (2–13) have lost eight straight overall and matched the franchise record for losses in a season set when they went 1–13 in 1962—the season before Davis arrived to coach and eventually own the team.
Larry Johnson has 398 yards rushing in three starts against the Raiders, and his 10 touchdowns in six games are his most against any opponent. Johnson broke Christian Okoye's club record of 370 carries in a season. Johnson's 31 carries gave him 383. With the win, Kansas City snapped its three-game skid, improved its record to 8–7, while the Raiders lost their eighth straight game of the season.
Week 17: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars.
On New Year's Eve 2006, the Chiefs closed out the regular season when they played the Jacksonville Jaguars. The team looked to restart their "December home game winning streak" during the cold, wintry weather. The game was broadcast on CBS at noon Kansas City time.
The game began with Kansas City under enormous doubt to reach the playoffs. Kansas City would slide into the tournament with a win, and losses by Tennessee, Cincinnati and Denver. The team started the day with the 10th seed in the AFC playoffs, but ended 2006 with a truly happy new year. The Chiefs paid tribute to Hunt with a moment of silence before the game and the video boards played tributes before and during the game.
Quarterback Trent Green was hit hard from Clint Ingram, resulting in a slightly sprained ankle. He sat out the next few drives as back-up quarterback Damon Huard returned to the field with the Kansas City offense to enormous applause. Huard threw a deep pass to Eddie Kennison (who miraculously held on to the ball after juggling it) and gained 40-yards. Huard handed off to Larry Johnson, who ran in for this third touchdown of the game from 12-yards out. The Chiefs were leading 35–17. By the end of the third quarter, Chiefs starting quarterback Trent Green was back in the game and threw an interception—a play that was met with jeers for Green and chants for Damon Huard to return.
Within the final five minutes, all of which Kansas City held possession, various penalties were issued against the Chiefs and Jaguars. The most notable of which came against Jacksonville's defensive tackle John Henderson and Kansas City's guard Brian Waters, both of which were flagged for unnecessary roughness. Both Henderson and Waters began to brawl against each other. Kansas City ran out the clock throughout the final two minutes and hung on for their ninth win of the season.
The Chiefs, needing four teams to lose in order to gain the final seed in the playoffs, had their wish come true. Kansas City clinched the final playoff berth with Denver's loss to San Francisco and fulfilled an almost impossible playoff scenario. For the first time since 2003, the Chiefs were heading back to the playoffs to face the team they lost to, the Indianapolis Colts.
Kansas City's Larry Johnson set the single-season record for carries. Johnson's 416 attempts passed Jamal Anderson's (Atlanta Falcons) 1998 record of 410 carries. Johnson finished the game with 138 yards on 33 carries with three touchdowns.
Postseason.
Schedule.
The Kansas City Chiefs clinched the final wild card berth (as 6th seed) during the final week of the regular season with their win over Jacksonville, a loss by Tennessee, and two overtime losses by Cincinnati and Denver. The Chiefs played against the Indianapolis Colts.
The Chiefs were a 50-to-1 bet and the longest shot to win the Super Bowl, according to odds posted January 3, 2007 by online sportsbook PinnacleSports.com. Pinnacle pegged Kansas City at 30–1 to win the AFC title and a berth in the big game. The Chiefs held the sixth seed in the AFC playoff bracket, the same berth as the previous year's Super Bowl champion Pittsburgh Steelers. The Chiefs were eliminated by the Colts in the first round of the playoffs, losing by a score of 23–8.
Game summaries.
AFC Wild Card Playoffs: at (3) Indianapolis Colts.
Entering the AFC Wild Card Round as the sixth-seed, the Chiefs began their playoff run in the RCA Dome against the third-seeded Indianapolis Colts. In the first half, Kansas City trailed early as Colts kicker Adam Vinatieri getting a 48-yard and a 19-yard field goal in the first quarter, along with a 50-yard field goal in the second quarter. Also in the first half, the Chiefs offense was unable to get a single first down. In the third quarter, Indianapolis continued its domination with a 6-yard TD run by RB Joseph Addai. Afterwards, Kansas City's offense finally got going by not only getting some first downs, but they also capped off their drive with QB Trent Green completing a 6-yard TD pass to TE Tony Gonzalez. Following the touchdown, the Chiefs got a successful two-point conversion as Green completed the pass to FB Kris Wilson. However, the Colts continued its domination as in the fourth quarter, Colts QB Peyton Manning helped wrap up the game with a 5-yard TD pass to WR Reggie Wayne.
RB Larry Johnson, one of the league's top rushers, was held to just 32 yards on 13 carries, along with 29 receiving yards on 5 receptions, by the Colts defense (which was last in the league against the run).
Unlike the teams' in the playoffs which consisted of an offensive shootout, both teams' defenses were the story of the game. With the loss, Kansas City ended its season with an overall record of 9–8.
2007 Pro Bowl.
Four Chiefs players were selected to play at the 2007 Pro Bowl, including RB Larry Johnson (2nd selection), TE Tony Gonzalez (8th selection), G Will Shields (12th selection) and G Brian Waters (3rd selection). Shields will make his 12th straight trip to Honolulu as a Pro Bowl performer, extending his record for the longest streak of Pro Bowl appearances in team history.
Season statistics.
Offense.
Yards per game: 321.4 (#16 in NFL)
Total yards in season: 5,143 (#16 in NFL)
Points per game: 20.7 (#15 in NFL)
Quarterback rating: QB Damon Huard, 98.0 (#2 in NFL)
Rushing yards: RB Larry Johnson, 1,789 (#2 in NFL)
Total touchdowns: RB Larry Johnson, 19 (#2 in NFL)
Defense.
Yards per game: 328.9 (#16 in NFL)
Total yards in season: 5,262 (#16 in NFL)
Points per game: 19.7 (T-#11 in NFL)

</doc>
<doc id="6930892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930892" title="Professional advisors">
Professional advisors



</doc>
<doc id="6930897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930897" title="Parascylliidae">
Parascylliidae

Parascylliidae, or the collared carpet sharks, is a family of sharks in the order Orectolobiformes, which are only found in shallow waters of the western Pacific. The family Parascylliidae contains two genera, "Cirrhoscyllium" and "Parascyllium". They are relatively small sharks, with the largest species reaching no more than 91.0 cm in adult length. They have elongated, slender bodies, cat-like eyes, and barbels behind their chins. They feed on small fish and invertebrates.
The oldest known member of the group is the stem group-parascyllid †"Pararhincodon" , which is known from the Albian to the Lutetian. Although known primarily from teeth, two taxa ("P. lehmani" and "P. torquis") are known from articulated remains, with the remains of "P. torquis", described in 2025, providing conclusive evidence for classifying the previously-enigmatic genus within the Parascyllidae.

</doc>
<doc id="6930899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930899" title="Oxford v Cambridge (cricket)">
Oxford v Cambridge (cricket)



</doc>
<doc id="6930903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930903" title="Posterolateral triangle">
Posterolateral triangle



</doc>
<doc id="6930907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930907" title="Grigori Zozulya">
Grigori Zozulya

Grigori Stepanovich Zozulya (; 1893–1973) was a Russian artist. He was born in Kyiv, Ukraine, and studied at Stroganov College from 1907 until 1918. From there he studied in the Moscow studios of Alexander Rodchenko from 1919 to 1922, and with Dimitri Kardovski from 1925 to 1926. He was primarily active in Moscow, where he began exhibiting in 1916. In 1929, he became a member of Bytie, and became most well known as a theater artist, while he also worked in graphic arts and exhibition design through the 1930s. During the 1940s and 1950s, his focus moved towards interior design. He died in Palanga, Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="6930914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930914" title="Avegno, Switzerland">
Avegno, Switzerland

Avegno was a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, Avegno and Gordevio merged to form Avegno Gordevio.
In 1982, the Swiss Heritage Society awarded the Wakker Prize to Avegno for the preservation of its architectural heritage.
History.
Avegno is first mentioned in 1189 as "Vegno".
In the 14th century, Avegno shared a chaplain with Gordevio. In 1645, they separated from the mother church in Maggia, and became separate parishes. The parish church of SS Luca e Abbondio was built in 1313. In the 17th century it was expanded and the rich stucco work was added.
Agriculture, formerly the main occupation of the inhabitants, is today almost non-existent. Handicrafts (making baskets and pottery) and stone cutting were able to slow the exodus somewhat. The strong population growth in recent decades is due to the proximity to Locarno. Some companies have settled in the valley and various sports facilities and campsites have been created. In 1982, the Wakker Prize was awarded to Avegno in recognition of the efforts to preserve the village's historic appearance.
Geography.
The village is located in the Vallemaggia district. It is located at the bottom of the valley, on the left side of the Maggia river. The former municipality consists of three separate village sections, that have grown into a single village.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per fess azure and gules overall a tower with a banner argent surrounded with three doves volant two and one."
Demographics.
Avegno has a population () of 540. Most of the population () speaks Italian language (429 or 87.0%), with German being second most common (47 or 9.5%) and French being third (4 or 0.8%).
Of the population in the village 175 or about 35.5% were born in Avegno and lived there in 2000. There were 170 or 34.5% who were born in the same canton, while 64 or 13.0% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 73 or 14.8% were born outside of Switzerland. , there were 200 people who were single and never married in the village. There were 240 married individuals, 32 widows or widowers and 21 individuals who are divorced.
There were 47 households that consist of only one person and 14 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 193 households that answered this question, 24.4% were households made up of just one person and 4 were adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 42 married couples without children, 78 married couples with children There were 16 single parents with a child or children. There were 4 households that were made up unrelated people and 2 households that were made some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 244 single-family homes (or 89.7% of the total) out of a total of 272 inhabited buildings. There were 23 multi-family buildings (8.5%), along with 1 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (0.4%) and 4 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (1.5%). Of the single-family homes 11 were built before 1919, while 19 were built between 1990 and 2000. The greatest number of single-family homes (102) were built between 1919 and 1945.
 there were 305 apartments in the village. The most common apartment size was 4 rooms of which there were 104. There were 13 single room apartments and 84 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 190 apartments (62.3% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 114 apartments (37.4%) were seasonally occupied and 1 apartments (0.3%) were empty.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 31.59% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (29.53%), the SP (16.85%) and the SVP (6.99%). In the federal election, a total of 209 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 52.5%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 402 registered voters in Avegno, of which 296 or 73.6% voted. 7 blank ballots were cast, leaving 289 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 63 or 21.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 58 or 20.1%), the PS (with 54 or 18.7%) and the PS (with 54 or 18.7%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 4 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 291 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 67 or 23.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD (with 65 or 22.3%), the PLRT (with 54 or 18.6%) and the SSI (with 52 or 17.9%).
Economy.
There were 211 residents of the village who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 33.2% of the workforce. , there were 176 workers who commuted into the village and 164 workers who commuted away. The village is a net importer of workers, with about 1.1 workers entering the village for every one leaving. About 22.2% of the workforce coming into Avegno are coming from outside Switzerland.
Religion.
From the , 386 or 78.3% were Roman Catholic, while 32 or 6.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there was 1 who belonged to an Orthodox church, and there were 7 individuals (or about 1.42% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 2 (or about 0.41% of the population) who were Islamic. There was 1 individual who was Buddhist. 43 (or about 8.72% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 21 individuals (or about 4.26% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Avegno about 202 or (41.0%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 64 or (13.0%) have completed additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 64 who completed tertiary schooling, 60.9% were Swiss men, 32.8% were Swiss women.
, there were 1 students in Avegno who came from another village, while 75 residents attended schools outside the village.

</doc>
<doc id="6930915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930915" title="Roman Meal">
Roman Meal

Roman Meal Company was an American bread company with headquarters in Fargo, North Dakota. Founded in Tacoma, Washington, in 1912, the company focused on whole-grain products, including bread, hot cereal, and snack bars.
History.
The Roman Meal Company was founded on the principles that Canadian physician Robert Jackson believed to have been the components of the healthful regimen of Roman soldiers, who purportedly consumed two pounds of wheat or rye in their daily rations. Jackson's first product was a hot mixed-grain breakfast cereal called Dr. Jackson's Roman Health Meal. In 1927, Tacoma master baker William Matthaei, whose family had been in the baking business in Germany since 1686, purchased the company. Matthaei added bread to the Roman Meal company product roster, and it continues to be a major focus of the family-owned company. The North American rights to the Roman Meal trademark for bread, buns, rolls were sold to Flowers Foods in early 2015.
US-Based Licensees.
Flowers Foods: Bahamas, Bermuda, Canada, Mexico, United States (All states except Hawaii), United States territories (All territories except Guam)
Love’s Bakery: Hawaii
American Bakery: Guam
International licensees.
Roman Meal bread is baked locally and distributed in Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, and Hong Kong.
Okiko Co. Ltd., Japan
Pasco Shikishima Corporation, Japan
Takaki Bakery Co., Ltd., Japan
Nichiryo Co., Ltd., Japan
Yamazaki Baking Co., Ltd., Japan
Ryoyu Co., Ltd., Japan
SPC Group, Korea 
The Garden Company Limited, Hong Kong
President Bakery PCL., Thailand

</doc>
<doc id="6930920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930920" title="Bignasco">
Bignasco

Bignasco is a village in the district of Vallemaggia, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland, consolidated into the adjacent municipality of Cevio.
Geography.
Bignasco is a village situated at the confluence of the river Maggia and the Bavona in the Swiss canton of Ticino, near the Italian border.
History.
As of 1230 documented as Bugnascho. 
In the 14th century Bignasco, Cavergno, Menzonio and Brontallo formed a single cooperative, but each village remained autonomous. In 1483, the parish Bignasco dissolved from Cevio. 
In 1781 Bignasco was given the right to hold two fairs. 
In 1786, Bignasco and Cavergno split.
During the eighteenth century a constant stream of emigrants went to Italy and Holland, while in the 19th century, Bignasco was not much affected by a mass emigration. For centuries, the main occupations of the inhabitants were agriculture and livestock, crafts and the occupations of seasonal emigrants; The use of hydropower at the beginning of the 1960s brought in infrastructure and jobs.
From 1907–65, Bignasco was the terminus of the railway connecting the Maggia Valley with Locarno. Gneis was transported by rail out of the valley and German and English tourists traveled up the valley.
Bignasco was the largest municipality in the district by area and also included the hamlet of San Carlo in the Valle Bavona.
On 22 October 2006 Bignasco forfeited its status as an independent municipality when, together with the village of Cavergno, it was consolidated into the municipality of Cevio.
Churches.
The parish church dedicated to the Archangel Michael in the 15th century was renovated several times. The chapel of S. Maria del Ponte is adorned with frescoes from 1512. 
There are 2 buildings from the 16th century, two torbe (granaries on stilts) and a 17th-century bridge.
Population.
In 1669 there were 103 fireplaces, by 1801 215 inhabitants, by 1850 202, in 1900 179, 1920 143, 1950 186 and in 2000 306 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="6930921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930921" title="The Varsity Match (cricket)">
The Varsity Match (cricket)



</doc>
<doc id="6930925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930925" title="Diane Legault">
Diane Legault

Diane Legault (born July 21, 1956) is a Quebec dentist and politician.
Early life and education.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Legault received a Doctor in Dentistry from Université de Montréal in 1979 and a M.B.A. from Université de Sherbrooke in 1995.
Career.
Legault was director of professional services for the Ordre des dentistes from 1996 to 1998 and executive director and secretary from 1998 to 2003.
Legault served as the member of the National Assembly for Chambly in Quebec. She represented the Quebec Liberal Party and resigned on November 15, 2006. On November 7, 2006, she was elected president of the Ordre des dentistes du Québec, the professional order representing all the dentists in Quebec, for a five-year term. She was the first woman to hold this position.

</doc>
<doc id="6930929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930929" title="Blidinje plateau">
Blidinje plateau

Blidinje plateau () is a karst plateau in Bosnia and Herzegovina, situated at the heart of Dinaric Alps, between major mountains of the range, Čvrsnica, Čabulja and Vran, with characteristic karstic features such as Dugo Polje field, Blidinje Lake, Grabovica and Drežnica valleys, and others. It represents important natural, hydrogeological reservation in karst of Bosnia and Herzegovina, with significant cultural and historical heritage, and Dinarides in general.
Geography and hydrology.
The melting glaciers from Čvrsnica during the two past ice ages created this open and barren valley. A spacious plateau, 15–25 km long, is situated at an elevation of 1.150-1.300 meters a.s.l., between Čvrsnica and Vran mountains with a total area of 513 km2. Although geomorphologically one whole, plateau is divided in two geographically and topographic distinct features, first in lower southern part, areal around the lake Blidinje, and another in northern higher part of the plateau where a flat plain Dugopolje is situated, as well as administratively between four municipalities: Jablanica, Prozor-Rama, Posušje, Tomislavgrad, and Mostar. The closest town to the Blidinje Nature Park is Jablanica, which is 24.9 km away.
Doljani valley.
Doljani valley is the longest valley and a northern border of the Čvrsnica-Vran-Čabulja complex, with the Doljanka river running through.
Dugo Polje.
Going from the north and the Doljanka river, plateau opens with a flat plain of Dugo Polje at the higher end and lead toward south longitudinally between Vran at the north-northwestern side, with its highest peak on 2.074 meters a.s.l., and on the south-southeastern Čvrsnica mountain, with its highest peak Pločno at 2.228 meters a.s.l. On the opposite south-southeastern end of the plateau, beyond Blidinje lake, is Čabulja mountain with its highest peak at 1.786 meters a.s.l. further toward east beyond Čvrsnica is Grabovica valley that stretches all the way to the Neretva river and its canyon.
Grabovica valley.
Grabovica valley with small Grabovica creek is a special reserve within park, squeezed deep into Čvrsnica, and form a deep canyon between steep and rugged cliffs of the mountain. Within the valley are two small villages Gornja Grabovica (Jablanica) and Donja Grabovica (Jablanica). The legend of Diva Grabovčeva tells the story about legendary daughter of a local shepherd who, as story goes, was killed by local nobleman whom she rejected, so that she would not marry another.
Drežnica valley.
Further downstream much larger vale appears again, this time between Čvrsnica and Čabulja mountains, called Drežnica Valley. The stream of Drežanka runs between large and steep slopes of the valley, with two eponymous villages, Donja Drežnica (Lower Drežnica) and Gornja Drežnica (Upper Drežnica) being situated on its banks.
Blidinje lake.
The most important hydrogeological phenomena in the park is alpine lake, Blidinje Lake, largest of its kind in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Blidinje lake is the direct result of a glacial retreat, but according to the Poklečani Parishes office documents, lake is, also, a product of anthropogenic intervention and activities of human inhabitants. According to these documents, the lake is artificial and it was created at the end of the 19th century. In order to keep the water that is lost through the subterranean passage, local residents and cattle breeders sealed sinkholes with branches and clay, so that water could not find its way underground. Therefore, the lake was formed. Its surface area varies between 2,5 and 6 km2, while its average depth is 1.9 m, with altitude of 1,184 m above sea level.
Other lakes and "lokvas".
Beside Blidinje, plateau hosts few other, smaller lakes and lokvas, such as Crepulja and Crvenjak. 
The Crvenjak Lake is a small glacial lake located in the Čvrsnica massive. The lake is oval-shaped, approximately 70 meters long and 50 meters wide. It has a depth of approximately 9 meters.
Flora and fauna.
Accompanying some of the rocky and seemingly lifeless slopes are thick forests of pine, including the endemic white-bark pine at Masna Luka called Pinus leucodermis "(Bosnian pine)". Three types of wild thyme and dozens of wild flowers cover the valley and mountain sides in the spring and summer.
History, heritage and culture.
All around the valley is dotted with the Bosnia and Herzegovina trademark stećci from medieval ages. It is not clear how long human settlements have existed here but research began when Blidinje recently received Nature park status. Traces of Illyrian graves and Roman roads indicate that Blidinje has been settled for at least 2,500 years. The large necropolis at Dugo Polje indicates that the waves of Slavs that came in the 7th century also made this area their home.
"Stećaks" necropolis.
"Ponor", "Donje Bare", "Jezero", "Risovac", and "Dugo Polje" are five "stećak" medieval necropolises, named by their location. They are scattered throughout the Blidinje karst plateau, and the one at Dugo Polje polje is the largest.
Necropolises are all protected by KONS, and one on Dugo Polje is given particular attention by being included into World Heritage by UNESCO.
The park itself is free of mines with well-marked trails.
Culture and traditional life style.
There is also a Franciscan monastery that is located within the park and open to visitors. Houses here are traditional shepherd homes with straw roofs that are mainly used during the spring and summer seasons. Winter is harsh and cold in these parts.
Hajdučka Republika Mijata Tomića.
 () is a private property in the middle of Blidinje Nature Park. Property spreads over between the mountains of Vran and Čvrsnica and is a tourist destination as a fictional self-proclaimed micronation. It was born out of protest because of inefficiency of the state in solving a problem with the local electricity supply.
The satirical idea to proclaim a republic was conceived by the Vukoja-Lastvić family who built and owns a motel on the location (), consisting of the late Vinko, a tourism entrepreneur and a humorist enthusiast, as head of the family; his wife Albina; and his daughter Marija – who is the current "President of the Republic" as of March 2019. The fictional republic was founded on the day of Diva Grabovčeva, 29 June in 2002, and is named after Mijat Tomić, who is unrelated to the owners' family, but was a historical person known as a (), with his hiding place in the nearby caves.
When Vinko Vukoja wanted to solve a problem regarding the main power supply net, he encountered years of negligence by three bordering municipalities, Posušje, Tomislavgrad and Jablanica, who couldn't agree under which jurisdiction the area fell and shifted the responsibility to one another. For years, whenever the motel owner asked any of the municipalities to solve his electricity problem, they would reject him, saying it was not their problem, referring him to one of the other two. Finally, Vukoja solved that with his own money. On this alleged "no one's land", the Hajdučka Republika was proclaimed as a form of satirical defiance. On the day of the proclamation, SFOR was alarmed anonymously, but as soon as they realized the true nature of the idea, they left the very same day. The republic has no separatist ambitions.
Thanks to this satirical protest project, its motel became one of the most popular places in western Herzegovina. Every year, there is a celebration and amateur liars' contest (from which politicians are barred as "professional" liars), (). This project attracted the attention of Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian media, as well as some media outside the Balkans.
The republic has a consul and portparole, issuing its own passports; its purported currency is the (). The formation of political parties is strictly forbidden, as well as any dealing with politics, since """it is not good for human wellbeing". Its state flag has a white background, in the upper left corner is the state coat of arms, which is a chessboard, and in the middle is the picture of Mijat Tomić marked in blue. On 16 October 2009, President Vinko Vukoja died in a car accident. His daughter Marija inherited his position and the title (). The republic has its official webpage on the motel's website.
Blidinje Nature Park.
Blidinje Nature Park () is a nature park in Bosnia and Herzegovina, established on 30 April 1995. It is situated at the Blidinje plateau, and comprises the territory of the plateau including major mountains of the Dinaric range, Čvrsnica, Čabulja and Vran. Its main geological characteristic are karstic features such as Dugo Polje field, Blidinje Lake, Grabovica and Drežnica valleys, and others, with a total area of 364 km2. It represents important geological and hydrogeological nature reserve in Dinaric karst of Bosnia and Herzegovina, with significant cultural and historical heritage.
Ski resort.
The Risovac ski-resort is developed in the areal of Risovac village in the Jablanica municipality. In the last decade or so, after creation of a ski track on the slopes of Čvrsnica, a weekend village with cottages and several motels with various other complementary tourist facilities, such as ski-lift, has developed near the ski track.

</doc>
<doc id="6930931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930931" title="Betty Heidler">
Betty Heidler

Betty Heidler (born 14 October 1983) is a retired German track and field athlete who competed in the hammer throw. She held the world record from 2011 until 2014 with her personal best throw of 79.42 m (260 ft 6 in). She is the 2012 Olympic silver medallist, the 2007 World champion and the 2009 and 2011 World Championship silver medallist. She also finished fourth in the Olympic finals in 2004 and 2016.
Career.
She now lives in Frankfurt and is a member of the Eintracht Frankfurt athletics team. She works for the German Federal Police where she is a member of the sports support group and started studying Bachelor of Laws at the Fernuniversität Hagen in 2007.
She put in a dominant performance at the 2010 European Cup Winter Throwing with a winning mark of 72.48 m, beating her nearest rival by more than three metres.
Heidler won the inaugural IAAF Hammer Throw Challenge in 2010, finishing at the top of the rankings ahead of Anita Wlodarczyk. She won the gold medal at the 2010 European Athletics Championships then went on to take the silver medal at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics. In May 2011, in Halle, she achieved a new world record in hammer throw, with a result of 79.42 m. She began the 2012 season with a series of wins, performing at the Colorful Daegu Meeting, Golden Spike Ostrava, and Prefontaine Classic.
Heidler won a medal at the 2012 London Olympics. The event was not without controversy as the referees first failed to correctly measure Heidler's bronze-winning throw. She was then later promoted to the silver medal position, after Tatyana Lysenko was disqualified for a doping violation in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="6930935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930935" title="Jeffrey D. Erb">
Jeffrey D. Erb

Jeffrey D. Erb (born June 5, 1969, in Pottstown, Pennsylvania) is an American film producer, director, actor, musician. He is also the co-founder and co-president of the film production company Framelight Productions, the co-founder of Invivid Media and the CEO of Feverpitch Pictures. He has produced or executive produced a wide range of films, including The Speed of Life (Directed by Ed Radtke), which won an award at the Venice Film Festival.
Erb is known as a founding member and bass player of the gothic rock band Sri Lanka, which he founded in 1986 with his longtime collaborator Lee Daniels. In 1995 Erb and Daniels formed the industrial rock band Needle where Erb was singer, songwriter, bassplayer, keyboard player and wrote rhythm tracks.
Early life.
Erb was born in Pottstown, Pennsylvania, the oldest of two children, with sibling Pamela. Erb's mother, Susanne Gresh, is a real estate agent, and Erb's father, David Erb, was an managing operator at a power plant owned by Philadelphia Electric Company. His parents divorced in 1977. His father is of German ancestry, and his mother is of Irish, English, and German descent. Erb's ancestors on his father's side emigrated to the United States in the early 1700s and fought in both the Revolutionary War and the Civil War.
Erb spent the first four years following his parents' divorce living with his mother in Reading, Pennsylvania, and the next several living with his father in Malvern, Pennsylvania, where he graduated from Great Valley High School. He attended college at Kutztown University in Kutztown, Pennsylvania.
Musical career.
Mr. Erb started his musical career in 1987 as the founder and bass player of the band Sri Lanka, a gothic rock band from the City of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The band was originally formed by Erb and Lee Daniels, whom Erb had known since they were 15 years old. After a tumultuous series of interactions with other members, including the death of original lead singer Brett Turner, the release of two EPs and a full-length album entitled "Here" the band split up.
In 1995 Erb and Daniels got back together to form the band Needle, (stylized as "[needle]") an industrial rock band combining edgy guitars with dance rhythms. The band obtained distribution through Sony Music Entertainment via its Ruffhouse Records label. The band's debut album "Lifeline" met with critical praise and the band proceeded to perform live with major acts in cities throughout North America. Jeffrey Erb and Lee Daniels write all of the music for the band, with Erb performing lead vocals and Daniels on lead guitar. Their live sets include several additional band members on bass guitar, drums and keyboards.
Film career.
Mr. Erb has produced numerous films, including Just Add Water (film) (Danny DeVito, Jonah Hill, Dylan Walsh, Justin Long), which was the first film ever to receive a Green Seal from the Environmental Media Association. Erb has also produced Southern Gothic (Yul Vazquez, William Forsythe (actor)), The Speed of Life (Directed by Ed Radtke), Tooth and Nail (film) (Michael Madsen, Vinnie Jones, Robert Carradine, Rider Strong, Rachel Miner), and Let the Game Begin (Thomas Ian Nicholas, Adam Rodriguez, Lisa Ray, Lochlyn Munro, and Stephen Baldwin).
In 2008, he founded Framelight Productions with partner Robert L. Robinson, Jr., a company focused on the theatrical production of comic book properties and novels and television shows. Some of the first properties optioned by the company included Deadworld, published by Caliber Press and Image Comics, and created by Gary Reed, and Dr. Deth With Kip and Muffy, published by Marvel Comics and created by famed GI Joe author, Larry Hama; as well as 8 others. He brought Bill Mechanic, former CEO of Fox Filmed Entertainment on board to produce Deadworld with Framelight and David Hayter to write the screenplay.
Prior to founding Feverpitch Pictures, Mr. Erb was President of Kindred Media Group, where he had overseen the release of a number of films, including Game 6 (Michael Keaton, Robert Downey Jr., Griffin Dunne) and Jailbait (Michael Pitt, Stephen Adly Guirgis).
In 2011, Jeffrey Erb launched Invivid Media, a company focusing on developing, producing and distributing branded entertainment across an emerging converged media landscape. His partners in the project include former Johnson &amp; Johnson Global Media Director, Michael Giarraputo as well as Howard Nelson, former Vice President of Worldwide Promotion, Marketing and Publicity for 20th Century Fox. The company's Board includes Patricia Wyatt, former President of Hit Entertainment and 20th Century Fox Consumer Products; Hal Sadoff, senior partner at International Creative Management; Ray Rotolo, COO of Aegis Media–owned Posterscope; Jason Piette, founding partner of Stealth Media, Spice Factory, and Arclight; and Mort Goldberg, CEO of Gamma Communications.
The company's projects include a web-based reality show called "Making the Squad with the Philadelphia Eagles Cheerleaders" which Erb directed, as well as two other web-series including "Eye on Celebrity" which Erb directed and "Knerd Knews" which Erb executive produced.
In 2015, Erb launched Ironbound Studios Minnesota with political fundraiser and businessman Jerry Seppala, in order to establish a base infrastructure for the burgeoning film industry taking place in Minnesota's Iron Range. The studio provides of studio space and of support space including offices, dressing rooms, screening rooms, green room, food services lighting &amp; grip equipment, post-production facilities and a vocational school to train film &amp; media students.

</doc>
<doc id="6930936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930936" title="Cerro de las Mesas">
Cerro de las Mesas

Cerro de las Mesas, meaning "hill of the altars" in Spanish, is an archaeological site in the Mexican state of Veracruz, in the Mixtequilla area of the Papaloapan River basin. It was a prominent regional center from 600 BCE to 900 CE, and a regional capital from 300 CE to 600 CE.
Located about due south of Veracruz City, Cerro de las Mesas is on the west edge of what had been the . Rising to prominence after the decline of the Olmec civilization's culture, some researchers consider Cerro de las Mesas, along with similar sites like La Mojarra and Tres Zapotes, to be a center of epi-Olmec culture, a successor culture to the Olmecs, and one that itself gave way to Classic Veracruz culture in the 3rd century CE. 
The site contains a man-made lagoon as well as hundreds of artificial mounds, usually in groups, often clustered with a long and a conical mound. These mound groups were likely built during the epi-Olmec period, 400 BCE to 300 CE. It was also during this period that the influence of Teotihuacan appears in the archaeological record.
Sometime later, during the Classic period, a cache of some 800 jade items, some dating from Olmec civilization hundreds of years earlier, were buried at the base of the large mound of the central group.
Cerro de las Mesas is home to many stele — artistic stone slabs — several of which contain portrait carvings. Four of these stele — numbers 5, 6, 8, and 15 — contain what are likely to be pieces of Epi-Olmec or Isthmian script.

</doc>
<doc id="6930937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930937" title="Cold Brains">
Cold Brains

"Cold Brains" is a song by Beck. It appears on his 1998 album "Mutations". The song was also released as a single. It was also released in Australia as an exclusive tour EP. Three of the B-sides, "One of These Days", "Diamond in the Sleaze" and "Electric Music and the Summer People", had previously been Japanese exclusives, and as such this EP became a very popular import, especially as those tracks had still not been released officially in the UK, Europe or US as of 2014.
The single was intended to be released in the US with a different track listing, but only a promotional version was produced.
Beck intended the song to be released on his independent 1994 album "One Foot in the Grave", but for unknown reasons, it was instead released on "Mutations".
When asked about "Cold Brains"' bleakness, Beck said:
I think of it as mostly playful, but then I think Leonard Cohen is a humorous song writer. In 'Cold Brains' when I say, 'The fields of green are obscene and I lay upon the gravel', there's just this demented auto-erotica that I think is hilarious. It's not meant to necessarily bring anybody down or bum anybody out.
As of 2019, Beck has performed the song live in concert 139 times. He has, however, not performed it live since May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6930942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930942" title="Charles Theodore Dotter">
Charles Theodore Dotter

Charles Theodore Dotter (14 June 1920 – 15 February 1985) was a pioneering American radiologist who is credited with developing interventional radiology. Dotter, with his trainee Dr Melvin P. Judkins, described angioplasty in 1964.
Dotter received a bachelor of arts degree in 1941 from Duke University. He went to medical school at Cornell, where he met his future wife, Pamela Beattie, a head nurse at New York Hospital. They married in 1944. He completed his internship at the United States Naval Hospital in New York State, and his residency at New York Hospital.
Dotter invented angioplasty and the catheter-delivered stent, which were first used to treat peripheral arterial disease. It was Dotter who, in 1950, developed an automatic X-Ray Roll-Film magazine capable of producing images at the rate of 2 per second. On January 16, 1964, at Oregon Health and Science University Dotter percutaneously dilated a tight, localized stenosis of the superficial femoral artery (SFA) in an 82-year-old woman with painful leg ischemia and gangrene who refused leg amputation. After successful dilation of the stenosis with a guide wire and coaxial Teflon catheters, the circulation returned to her leg. The dilated artery stayed open until her death from pneumonia two and a half years later. He also developed liver biopsy through the jugular vein, initially in animal models and in 1973 in humans.
Charles Dotter is commonly known as the "Father of Interventional Radiology." He served as the chairman of the School of Medicine Department of Diagnostic Radiology at Oregon Health Sciences University for 33 years, from 1952 until his death in 1985. The University now boasts the Dotter Interventional Institute in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="6930944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930944" title="Sherway Gardens (TTC)">
Sherway Gardens (TTC)



</doc>
<doc id="6930945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930945" title="The Pearl Poet">
The Pearl Poet



</doc>
<doc id="6930951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930951" title="Dixie (TTC)">
Dixie (TTC)



</doc>
<doc id="6930954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930954" title="Lavizzara">
Lavizzara

Lavizzara is a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The municipality was created in 2004 by a merger of Broglio, Brontallo, Fusio, Menzonio, Peccia and Prato-Sornico.
History.
Broglio is first mentioned in 1361 as "Brono". Brontallo is first mentioned in 1574 as "Bruntalo". Fusio is first mentioned in 1258 as "Fuxio". Menzonio is first mentioned in 1364 as "Menzone". Peccia is first mentioned in 1374 as "Petia". Prato and Sornico were first mentioned in 1374.
Broglio.
The existing village area has developed in several stages. It was created in 1374, when the valley (comunità) Lavizzara broke up and divided its lands. At the end of the 16th century, it grew again through a series of agreements between the neighboring communities.
The Church of S. Maria Lauretana was dedicated in 1487. In the following centuries, it was repeatedly rebuilt and restored. It belonged to the Sornico parish until 1616, when it became an independent parish. The historically significant building, Casa Pometta, is from the 17th century.
The highest population in the village was during the 17th century. The slow population decline intensified in the late 19th century with emigration to the cities and to other countries. In 1990, agriculture and livestock, which for centuries were the main sources of income, employed about a third of the workforce. In recent decades, the number of vacation homes has increased markedly.
Brontallo.
Until the beginning of the 15th century, it formed a community with Menzonio and together with Bignasco and Cavergno it formed a "Vicinanza".
The Church of S. Maria e S. Giorgio was first mentioned in the 15th century. In the 16th century it was rebuilt, and then renovated several times thereafter. Until 1513 it, along with Menzonio, was part of the parish of Cevio. In 1513 Menzonio broke away from Cevio, but Brontallo remained part of the parish until 1655.
The greatest population was during the 17th century. The population decline began in the 18th century, but accelerated into the 20th century. The road running from the village into the Val Lavizzara was completed in 1955. In 1990 less than a third of the workforce was employed in agriculture. Many of the homes in the village are now vacation homes.
Fusio.
The population reached its peak in the 16th–17th century (400–500 inhabitants), but towards the end of the 18th century began a slow decline. This slow decline accelerated dramatically after 1950 because of emigration to the cities. Most of the remaining population is elderly.
The church, consecrated in 1455 to the "Beata Vergine Assunta", was a Chapel of ease of Sornico until the 16th century. It was later rebuilt several times, mainly in the 17th century.
The local economy relied on livestock, pastures and forestry. The village possessed vast pastures and alpine pastures, which explains the relatively small number of emigrants overseas. Until the second half of the 19th century, there were two mines in the village that produced steatite (soapstone). Through the construction of the dam in the Sambuco valley (1950–56) the amount of agricultural land has been reduced. From the 1980s a number of houses and an inn were built.
The hamlet of Mogno was also part of the village. In the 17th century it possessed 50 taxable fireplaces. By 1801, the population had dropped to just 40 inhabitants. Today it is no longer inhabited all year round and serves only as a holiday village. Before Mogno was incorporated in 1936 into Fusio it was part of Peccia, and the land around the settlement was shared between Fusio, Peccia, Prato and Sornica.
The church of San Giovanni Battista Decollato was built in 1626 and was initially a chapel of ease of the parish of Peccia. Towards the end of the 17th century, it became an independent parish church. In 1940 it became part of the parish of Fusio. The church was destroyed in 1986 by an avalanche. The new building, by Mario Botta, was built in 1997 after 10 years of planning and construction work. The unique construction of the building has already become a point of interest and a source of critical debate.
Menzonio.
Until the beginning of the 15th century, Menzonio and Brontallo formed a single municipality, and together with Bignasco and Cavergno it formed a "Vicinanza" which was under the jurisdiction of the Lavizzara valley. At the time of the Swiss Confederation rule over Ticino, Menzonio was one of seven villages in the valley.
The village church was part of the parish of Cevio until 1513 when it split away to form a parish with Brontallo. In 1655, this parish was dissolved and Menzonio formed its own parish. The Church of SS Giacomo e Filippo was first mentioned in the 15th century. The current building was built in 1585 and was rebuilt in 1644 and finally in 1905.
In the 17th century, the population reached its peak and then decreased gradually, initially because of emigration to Italy. Later the residents emigrated to California and finally they moved away from the villages to the cities of Ticino and the rest of Switzerland.
For centuries the local economy was dominated by grazing and agriculture. In the 19th century there was a soapstone quarry and four mills. The road that connects Menzonio with the valley floor, was built in 1949. In 2000, three-quarters of the workforce were commuters.
Peccia.
Peccia, together with Broglio, Fusio, Prato and Sornico were part of the "comunità" or valley community of Lavizzara until 1374. When the valley community broke up into separate villages, Peccia was the largest in the Lavizzara region. It included the settlement of Mogno and the Valle di Peccia, which was independent until 1669. The common, shared land of the four communities of Fusio, Peccia, Prato and Sornico (known as the "comunella dei quattro comuni") remained shared until 1929.
The village was part of the parish of Sornico until 1613, after which the church of S. Antonio Abate in Peccia was elevated to become a parish church. The church was built in the 16th century. After the floods of 1834 and 1868, which destroyed some of the village, the church was totally rebuilt. The valley church of S. Carlo was built in 1617, and was raised to be the parish church in 1669.
At the beginning of the 20th century, most of the jobs in the village were in the extraction, processing (vessels and stone ovens) and trade in soapstone. Since 1946, white marble is also mined, which is the only marble quarry in Switzerland. In 1984, the presence of marble led to the creation of a sculpting school. This marble was used when the church of Mogno (a hamlet of Fusio) was rebuilt by Mario Botta, after the old church was destroyed by an avalanche in 1986.
At the beginning of the 21st century, manufacturing provides more than a third of the jobs in village. In 1950-56 largest hydroelectric power plants in Switzerland was built in the Valle di Peccia. It is fed by water from the catchment area of the Maggia river. In the last decades of the 20th century, the village invested in its tourist infrastructure.
Prato-Sornico.
Prato and Sornico, along with Broglio, Fusio and Peccia, formed the valley community of Lavizzara. In 1374, the community dissolved and the villages of Prato and Sornico became independent. The common, shared land of the four communities of Fusio, Peccia, Prato and Sornico (known as the "comunella dei quattro comuni") remained shared until 1929. In the 15th century, the hamlet was the seat of the General Council of the valley, then the seat of the Swiss Confederation governor between 1513 and 1798. After 1803 it was the capital of the sub-district of Lavizzara. Even today stately houses in the village testify of its political and religious importance of the village. One of the houses in the village, which was built in the 15th century, extended in the 16th century and renovated in 1975–77, served as the seat of the bailiff and a prison. Another house, in Prato, is Casa Berna, which is from the 18th century. It contains the rich library of Giulio Giovanni Gerolamo Berna, the archpriest of Locarno.
The church of San Martino in Sornico is first mentioned in the 14th century, but probably dates back to the 11th century. It was the mother church in the 16th century of the Val Lavizzara and in 1747 became a provost's church. The parish church of SS Fabiano e Sebastiano in Prato was built in 1487, rebuilt in 1730 and re-consecrated in 1761 by the Bishop of Como.
In the 19th and 20th century, the emigration overseas and into the cities led to a sharp population decline. In this alpine village at the beginning of the 21st century, one-third of the workforce still works in agriculture. In the last decades of the 20th century, many vacation homes and tourist infrastructure were built in the village.
Geography.
Lavizzara has an area, , of . Of this area, or 1.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 30.2% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 0.7% is settled (buildings or roads), or 2.3% is either rivers or lakes and or 51.6% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.2% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.3%. Out of the forested land, 20.5% of the total land area is heavily forested and 4.7% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.7% is used for growing crops. Of the water in the municipality, 1.2% is in lakes and 1.1% is in rivers and streams. Of the unproductive areas, 22.6% is unproductive vegetation and 28.9% is too rocky for vegetation.
Demographics.
Lavizzara has a population () of , all Swiss citizens. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 0%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.4% male and 49.6% female. The population was made up of 264 Swiss men (46.1% of the population), and 25 (4.4%) non-Swiss men. There were 279 Swiss women (48.7%), and 5 (0.9%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 3 live births to Swiss citizens and 5 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 2 while the foreign population remained the same. There were 3 non-Swiss men and 1 non-Swiss woman who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 11 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 5 people. This represents a population growth rate of -1.0%.
The age distribution, , in Lavizzara is; 52 children or 9.1% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 65 teenagers or 11.3% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 56 people or 9.8% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 58 people or 10.1% are between 30 and 39, 83 people or 14.5% are between 40 and 49, and 73 people or 12.7% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 80 people or 14.0% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 55 people or 9.6% are between 70 and 79, there are 51 people or 8.9% who are over 80.
Historic Population.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The "A Mott D’Orei" Settlement is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance. The villages of Broglio, Brontallo, Fusio, Prato, Sornico and Cortignelli are all part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 40.28% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (25.62%), the Ticino League (14.17%) and the SP (11.88%). In the federal election, a total of 212 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 47.5%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 454 registered voters in Lavizzara, of which 331 or 72.9% voted. 4 blank ballots were cast, leaving 327 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 120 or 36.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 67 or 20.5%), the PLRT (with 45 or 13.8%) and the LEGA (with 38 or 11.6%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 2 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 328 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 115 or 35.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 77 or 23.5%), the SSI (with 43 or 13.1%) and the PLRT (with 40 or 12.2%).
Economy.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 161. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 33, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 62, of which 7 or (11.3%) were in manufacturing, 10 or (16.1%) were in mining and 35 (56.5%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 66. In the tertiary sector; 2 or 3.0% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 28 or 42.4% were in the movement and storage of goods, 20 or 30.3% were in a hotel or restaurant, 1 or 1.5% were the insurance or financial industry, 2 or 3.0% were technical professionals or scientists, 6 or 9.1% were in education.
, there were 4 hotels in Lavizzara with a total of 19 rooms and 35 beds.
Education.
In Lavizzara there were a total of 90 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Lavizzara there were 12 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years. In the village, 23 students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 25 students in the two-year middle school, while 7 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 6 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 16 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.

</doc>
<doc id="6930956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930956" title="Cawthra (TTC)">
Cawthra (TTC)



</doc>
<doc id="6930958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930958" title="You Were Meant For Me (Bellefire single)">
You Were Meant For Me (Bellefire single)



</doc>
<doc id="6930962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930962" title="Ready or Not (Fugees song)">
Ready or Not (Fugees song)

"Ready or Not" is a song by American hip-hop group Fugees from their second studio album, "The Score" (1996). The song contains a sample of "Boadicea" (1987) by Irish singer Enya, and its chorus is based on "Ready or Not Here I Come (Can't Hide from Love)" by the Delfonics. The song was released as the album's third single in Japan on September 1, 1996, and in the United Kingdom the following day.
"Ready or Not" was met with positive reviews from music critics upon its release. The song was not released as a commercial single in the United States, making it ineligible to appear on the "Billboard" Hot 100. In the United Kingdom, it became the group's second chart-topping song on the UK Singles Chart, following "Killing Me Softly". Additionally, it was one of the best-selling songs of 1996 in the United Kingdom, and remains one of the top-selling hip-hop songs ever in the region. In total, "Ready or Not" reached the top ten in fifteen countries. The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame included "Ready or Not" on their list of 'Songs that Shaped Rock'. In 2023, "Rolling Stone" ranked it as one of the 100 best East Coast hip hop songs of all time.
The accompanying music video was directed by film director Marcus Nispel. Several music journalists have cited it as the first rap music video with a seven-figure budget; with the video's production being reported to have cost approximately 1.3 million dollars at the time of its release, making it one of the most expensive music videos ever.
Background.
The song contains a sample of "Boadicea" by new-age singer Enya from her first solo album, "Enya" (1987). Enya considered suing the Fugees because they had sampled "Boadicea" without her permission. Enya stated, "We were actually on the verge of suing them because of the copyright infringement, because they just didn't approach us. It was a case of, I wasn't featured at all on the credits and it [the sample] was very much a part of the song." However, the singer reached an agreement with the Fugees to an out-of-court settlement after she realized that their music was not gangsta rap. According to Wyclef, "Luckily when Enya heard everything, she was like, 'This is different' and she gave us a pass – which she don't even need to do." The situation was a learning experience for the group, who at the time were unaware of copyright clearance and unfamiliar with publishing procedures.
The song's chorus is based on "Ready or Not Here I Come (Can't Hide from Love)" by the Delfonics, which was an addition suggested by Wyclef Jean. Reflecting on the recording process, Pras said: "At one point, the group had disbanded. Lauryn Hill had left the group at this point and we didn't know what we were going to do. She calls me and says, 'Listen, I'm going to come down to the studio and I'm going to lay down a reference for you guys, a hook. I give you permission to use my hook, my voice, but I don't want to be a part of this group anymore.' I said, 'Fair enough. No problem.' She said, 'Make sure certain people are not around when I'm there.' I said, 'No problem.' She's laying the reference for 'Ready or Not' and then she goes into the bridge and she's crying. I see her crying. She stops and says, 'I can't do this anymore,' and leaves. A couple months later she re-joins the group. She said, 'Let's do 'Ready or Not' again 'cause I was crying. It was emotional.' She goes in the studio to do 'Ready or Not' again. She was in there five hours doing the hook. Every hit is incredible. But we go back and say, 'There's something about that reference. I don't know if we can touch that.' We end up keeping the reference. That's what the world has come to hear. There's something about that record... That's magic."
Critical reception.
Larry Flick from "Billboard" felt the song was "far more representative of the act's vibe", and that "this cut nicely illustrates its lyrical strength as well as its talent for switching from smooth soul singing to sharp rapping within the space of a few seconds." Gil L. Robertson IV from "Cash Box" named it a "standout track" of "The Score" album. Damien Mendis from "Music Week"'s "RM" Dance Update rated it five out of five, commenting, "New Jersey's pride and joy retum with a soulful blend of rap, R&amp;B and reggae. The original radio version taken from their gold-selling album [...] already won fans due to its hypnotic use of the Delfonics' number 41 hit of 1971 'Ready or Not, Here I Come (Can't Hide from Love)'. The promos even adopt the original Bell label logo colour and style." David Fricke from "Rolling Stone" remarked "the sweet heat of Lauryn Hill's alto". A reviewer from "Spin" magazine described the song as "an eerily ambient flow of confused musings (Jean), confident harmonies (Hill), and immigrant pride (Michel), tapped insistently into your consciousness by a simple snare beat."
Recognition.
"Ready or Not" tied with the group's version of "Killing Me Softly" as the best song of year by "Spin". In the annual "Village Voice"'s Pazz &amp; Jop mass critics poll of the year's best in music in 1996, it was ranked at number thirteen.
In 2012, "NME" ranked it number 77 on their '100 Greatest Songs of "NME"s Lifetime (so far)' list; and placed it on their ranking of the 100 best songs of the 1990s. "Pitchfork" listed it as one of the '250 Best Songs of the 1990s' (2022). In 2023, "Rolling Stone" ranked it as one of the 100 best East Coast hip hop songs of all time.
Music video.
The accompanying music video for "Ready or Not" was directed by Marcus Nispel. "Vibe" reported that the video helped usher in the era of bank-breaking, movie-like hip-hop videos. The video featured helicopters, explosions, sharks, chase scenes, and a price tag of 1.3 million US dollars. In justifying the cost, Pras told "Vibe" "People want to see drama, man. You figure: A kid pays sixteen dollars for your CD. Let him see a good video."
Legacy.
Philosopher Alison Stone credits "Ready or Not" as one of the earliest examples of a rap song with combined rapped and melodic elements in its vocal parts or with a "straightforwardly melodic" chorus. Lauryn Hill's verse in particular has been noted as precursor for modern melodic rap from singing-rappers like Drake and Young Thug. Hill's verse saw her addressing misogyny in the male dominated hip-hop scene, along with taking aim at gangsta rappers at the height of gangsta rap, while carving out a lane for The Fugees in alternative hip-hop. Journalist William E. Ketchum of "Billboard", proclaimed that Hill "is largely considered as the greatest woman rapper of all time", and added that her verse on the song showcases "her bars on full display". Complex named it one of the best rap songs of 1996, and wrote "Like much of the East Coast hip-hop from the '90s, "Ready or Not" was rough around the edges, informed by the harsh realities of life in the ghetto. But instead of relying on fictitious tough talk, the song harnessed that energy for positive, referencing the strength of Bob Marley, Muhammad Ali, and Haitian refugees passing through Guantanamo Bay."
"Ready or Not" has often received praise for its strategic use of sampling. The song's use of the sampling the Enya song "Boadicea" from the Stephen King movie "Sleepwalkers" (1992), marked one of the earliest rap songs to sample from a horror movie soundtrack. "Ready or Not" also aided in further exposing music from Enya and The Delfonics to a generation of hip hop audiences through sampling, with the song "Boadicea" being sampled numerous times by other artists following the release of "Ready or Not". Chris Tart of "HotNewHipHop" wrote "Most hip-hop songs derived from something from the parent generation, and this one is no exception. The creative juice that melted the Delfonics, Enya and some Brooklyn-based refugees is very much a cause for celebration. "Ready or Not "; is one of the greatest moments in rap history."
Cover versions and samples.
Cover versions.
The song was covered by British-Dutch house music artist the Course. It charted at number five on the UK Singles Chart in April 1997. In 2012, the Fray did a cover of this song on their album "Scars &amp; Stories". Drum and bass band Rudimental gave their take of the song at Glastonbury Festival in 2013. It was later covered again in 2016 by British singer Laura Mvula. English singer Jorja Smith performed her rendition of the song during concerts in 2018. American rapper Rapsody would also cover the song for the inaugural performance at The Shed.
Samples and interpolations.
The song "I Don't Wanna Know" by American R&amp;B artist Mario Winans and rapper Diddy, is based on a sample of the song; which was later partially covered by The Weeknd on record producer Metro Boomin's single "Creepin" alongside 21 Savage. Both songs reached the top five on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Disney star Bridgit Mendler released a song of the same name in 2012, which was also based on an interpolation of "Ready or Not".
It has also been sampled by artists such as Fredo and Summer Walker on their song "Ready", by Meek Mill on his song of the same name, Bastille on "Forever Ever", Busta Rhymes alongside Chance the Rapper on the song "Hello", and Natti Natasha's "No Quiero Saber". The song was sampled by Cuban DJ Maceo Plex on his track "Under the Sheets", which was ranked on the list of 'Top 60 EDM Love Songs of All Time' (2023) by "Billboard".
Furthermore, the song "Helpless" composed by Lin-Manuel Miranda for the Broadway musical "Hamilton", was inspired by the track. American rapper 50 Cent interpolated the chorus for his song "High All the Time", from his debut album "Get Rich or Die Tryin"' (2003).
Usage in media.
In 1996, Intel developed an interactive video game inspired by the song's music video.
During Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign, "Blender" magazine published a list of his top ten favorite songs, and "Ready or Not" topped the list. The song was covered by Will Ferrell, who portrayed George W. Bush during an episode of "Saturday Night Live", in December 2015.
In 2016, a video of the rapper Drake reciting the lyrics to the song at the age of 8, went viral on the internet; the song would later be covered by Sunday Service Choir, during Drake's benefit concert alongside Kanye West to advocate for the prison release of Larry Hoover. In 2018, the clothing brand Afield Out released a capsule collection that paid homage to "Ready or Not". Actress Gina Rodriguez received backlash after reciting the word "niggas" while singling along to the song in a video; she later issued a public apology.
British grime rapper Stormzy name dropped it in his song "Mel Made Me Do It", R&amp;B singer Chris Brown also referenced the song on the Chloe Bailey track "How Does It Feel".
The song was used in the first theatrical trailer of the 2015 film "". "Ready Or Not" was played during the final trailer for season two of the Marvel based Netflix series Luke Cage. It was later featured in the film trailer for "Creed III", which was shown during Super Bowl LVII.
The NBA TV documentary of the same name (2021), was titled and themed after the song. American mixed martial artist Sean Soriano, used it for his walkout song during UFC Fight Night 198. A remixed version of the song featuring the main vocal is played at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium during the audio-visual build up ahead of Tottenham Hotspur's home games. 
Professional wrestling legends Scott Hall and Kevin Nash used this song during their tenure in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) as the tag team duo The Outsiders (professional wrestling) during house shows. Scott Hall would also use the song during a brief stint in 2000 for the defunct promotion Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW).

</doc>
<doc id="6930963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930963" title="Cooksville (TTC)">
Cooksville (TTC)



</doc>
<doc id="6930965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930965" title="Virginia State Route 94">
Virginia State Route 94

State Route 94 (SR 94) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. Known for much of its length as Ivanhoe Road, the state highway runs from U.S. Route 58 (US 58) and US 221 near Galax north to US 52 in Fort Chiswell. SR 94 connects Galax, Wytheville, and Independence (via SR 274) with the communities of Fries and Ivanhoe along the New River, which the highway parallels for much of its length.
Route description.
SR 94 begins at an intersection with US 58 and US 221 (Grayson Parkway) in Grayson County west of Galax. The state highway heads northwest as Riverside Drive, which crosses the New River and parallels the river upstream to the highway's intersection with SR 274 (Riverside Drive). At that intersection, SR 94 turns north onto Scenic Road, which heads toward the town of Fries. The state highway parallels the New River, this time following it downstream, into the town limits to the west end of Main Street, where SR 94 makes a sharp turn northwest onto Ivanhoe Road. The state highway ascents out of the narrow river valley and enters Carroll County. SR 94 has a winding path that crosses Brush Creek and Little Brush Creek and passes to the west of Cold Ridge. The state highway straightens and approaches the New River again as it enters Wythe County, then curves northwest and passes through the village of Ivanhoe. SR 94 heads north out of Ivanhoe, crosses Cripple Creek, and runs straight between intersections with its old alignment, named Virginia 94 Old or Sheffey School Road. The state highway reaches its northern terminus at the east end of Lick Mountain at an intersection with US 52 (Fort Chiswell Road) in Fort Chiswell.

</doc>
<doc id="6930967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930967" title="And I Love You So">
And I Love You So

And I Love You So may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6930968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930968" title="Home Township">
Home Township

Home Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6930970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930970" title="An area of darkness">
An area of darkness



</doc>
<doc id="6930971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930971" title="Mississauga City Centre (TTC)">
Mississauga City Centre (TTC)



</doc>
<doc id="6930976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930976" title="Comana, Pontus Polemiacus">
Comana, Pontus Polemiacus



</doc>
<doc id="6930978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930978" title="Dave Pasch">
Dave Pasch

Dave Pasch (born August 11, 1972) is an American ESPN announcer, covering the NBA, college football, and college basketball. He is also the radio play-by-play voice of the Arizona Cardinals.
Personal life.
Pasch grew up in Madison, Wisconsin, to parents Robert and Ina. Pasch grew up in a Reform Jewish home. Upon meeting his wife Hallie in 1994, he decided to explore, and ultimately convert to, Christianity. Pasch is also a believer of creationism and has stated on ESPN broadcast that he does not believe in evolution.
Pasch graduated from Madison Memorial High School in 1990. He then attended Syracuse University's S. I. Newhouse School of Public Communications, and was selected to do on-air work for WAER radio. He graduated in 1994.
Broadcasting career.
Pasch has worked for ESPN television since 2003, calling primarily the NBA, college football and college basketball. Pasch has also been the play-by-play announcer of the Arizona Cardinals since 2002. Pasch was the voice of Syracuse Orange college football and basketball from 1999 to 2002. Pasch also did preseason TV for the Buffalo Bills in 2001, as well as NFL Europe for FOX. He also called select NFL games for FOX and Westwood One radio.
Pasch started calling college football in 2004, working with Rod Gilmore and Trevor Matich on Friday Night Football. In 2007, he moved to Saturday afternoons, working with Andre Ware. In 2009, he began working with Chris Spielman and Bob Griese. In 2011, he called games with Spielman and Urban Meyer, before Meyer took the Ohio State coaching job.
Pasch started calling NBA games for ESPN in 2006, working with Tom Tolbert and Bill Walton. Pasch would later pair with Walton on college basketball for ESPN's Pac-12 coverage, starting in 2013. Pasch has worked with a variety of analysts on NBA and college basketball, including Jeff Van Gundy, Mark Jackson, Hubie Brown, Doug Collins, Jon Barry, PJ Carlesimo, Jay Bilas, Dick Vitale, Bill Raftery, and Doris Burke. Pasch also has worked the NCAA women's basketball tournament, Major League Baseball, the WNBA, the great outdoor games, and arena football for ESPN.
Before working with ESPN, Pasch worked for the West Virginia Radio Corporation for high school football; CBS Radio/Westwood One for golf, NFL, and college basketball tournaments; Fox Sports for NFL Europe and NFL; the Detroit Vipers; and the Chicago Blackhawks.

</doc>
<doc id="6930983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930983" title="Route 94 (Virginia)">
Route 94 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6930985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930985" title="Virginia State Highway 94">
Virginia State Highway 94



</doc>
<doc id="6930986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930986" title="Nicole Léger">
Nicole Léger

Nicole Léger (born March 12, 1955) is a former Canadian politician and the former Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA) for the riding of Pointe-aux-Trembles from 1996 to 2006 and elected back as member of the Parti Québécois in a by-election on May 12, 2008, serving until the 2018 Quebec provincial election.
Background.
She was born on March 12, 1955, in Montreal, Quebec, and is the daughter of former Parti Québécois MNA Marcel Léger and the sister of Jean-Marc Léger, president of Léger Marketing. She made career in education and served in various executive positions in the Parti Québécois (PQ) from 1970 to 1996.
Member of the National Assembly.
Following the death of MNA Michel Bourdon, Léger ran as a PQ candidate to fill his seat of Pointe-aux-Trembles. She easily won the by-election with 47% of the vote and was re-elected in the 1998 election.
Cabinet Member.
Léger was appointed to the Cabinet in 1998 and served as Minister responsible for Family Services until 2001 and as Minister responsible for the War against Poverty from 2001 to 2003.
Retirement from politics.
She won re-election in the 2003 election, but her party was defeated by Jean Charest's Liberals.
In the Parti Québécois leadership election of 2005 she was a staunch supporter of Pauline Marois over André Boisclair.
In the aftermath of Boisclair's victory as leader, both Marois and Léger vacated their seats and left politics. André Boisclair won a by-election and succeeded Nicole Léger as the MNA for Pointe-aux-Trembles.
Political comeback.
Even though Boisclair won re-election to the legislature in the 2007 election, the PQ had one of the worst showings in history. Boisclair resigned as party leader and relinquished his seat.
Léger won the seat back on May 12, 2008: she received 55% of the vote in a by-election and finished ahead of candidates Mélissa Dumais of the Liberal Party and Diane Bellemare of the ADQ.
She did not seek re-election in the 2018 Quebec provincial election.

</doc>
<doc id="6930987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930987" title="State Route 121 (Virginia pre-1928)">
State Route 121 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6930988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930988" title="Route 121 (Virginia pre-1928)">
Route 121 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6930995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930995" title="India a wounded civilization">
India a wounded civilization



</doc>
<doc id="6930998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6930998" title="Provincial Grand Lodge of Baleares">
Provincial Grand Lodge of Baleares



</doc>
<doc id="6931000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931000" title="Vitomir Vutov">
Vitomir Vutov

Vitomir Vutov () (born 22 November 1971) is a former Bulgarian football goalkeeper and currently goalkeepers coach of Lovech.
Career.
During his career, Vutov played solely for Lokomotiv Mezdra and Litex Lovech. A product of the Litex's famed youth system, he was loaned to Loko Mezdra in 1991. Some three years later Vutov returned to Litex Lovech, his last professional club. With Litex he won the Bulgarian league title in 1998 and 1999, and the Bulgarian Cup for 2001 and 2004. For the club he played 8 games in the qualifying rounds of Champions League, 35 games in UEFA Cup, 40games in Bulgarian Cup, 246 games in A PFG and 60in B PFG.
Goalkeeping coach.
2007 fc Litex\Lovech\In 2008-2017 Pfc Litex 20018-2019 Al Qadsiach /Saudy Arabiq/2021 Vutov moved from Lokomotiv GO to Lokomotiv Plovdiv. On 17 February 2022 it was announced that he would take the position as the new goalkeeping coach of Bulgaria national team, previously vacated by Georgi Sheytanov, and also retaining his position in Lokomotiv Plovdiv.

</doc>
<doc id="6931002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931002" title="Roland Pröll">
Roland Pröll

Roland Pröll (born 11 June 1949 in Unna, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German pianist, conductor, composer, musicologist, and professor of music.
Biography.
Roland Pröll had his first piano lessons at the age of 5. When he was 11 he became a student of Dieter Wollert at the Dortmund Music university in Germany. There he passed his diploma with distinction.
After this he continued his studies in Paris at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique with Messiaen, Loriod, Sancan, Dubois, and other famous teachers. As well as studying the piano, he also studied other musical disciplines such as conducting and composing. The taught method of Solfège was a formative influence for him, especially in France, leading to his support for the dissemination of this method all over the world.
He finished his studies in musicology at the Sorbonne in Paris and became a Ph.D., (Doctorat d`Université). After this he became a student of Arthur Rubinstein and worked with other famous musicians.
He has gained many first prizes in international competitions, and he gives concerts all over the world. He is a guest of Sydney Opera House, Berlin Philharmonie and others. His fame has spread, especially in Japan and Korea, and more recently in China. Since 2005 he has been working with the Murcia Symphony Orchestra, and he goes on tour with them through Spain.
He has recorded many CDs and has made many special recordings for television and radio all over the world.
He taught at the Dortmund Music university as a professor until 1996 and he led the institute from 1988 to 1990 as dean. From 1999 to 2002 he was dean of the Ibach-Academy in Schwelm, Germany, which was founded in co-operation with him.
In the time period from 2006 to the middle of 2007 Roland Pröll worked as a musical leader of the non-profit association Viva la Musica e. V. in Bad Oeynhausen, Germany. Because of decrease in demand the association dissolved at the end of June 2007. Since that time Pröll works as a tutor and artist for the music agency "Musikagentour Viva" in Bad Oeynhausen, Germany.
In 1987 he founded the international Schubert-Competition in Dortmund, which is today one of the great piano competitions. (Today's leader is Arnulf von Arnim).
Today Roland Pröll holds professorships for piano and chamber music at the Atsugi Showa University of Music in Tokyo, Japan, at the Conservatorio Superior de Musica in Murcia, Spain, and at the Conservatory in Osnabrück, Germany.
He gives masterclasses and concerts all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="6931003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931003" title="State Route 116 (Virginia 1928)">
State Route 116 (Virginia 1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6931005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931005" title="Cub Coda">
Cub Coda



</doc>
<doc id="6931006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931006" title="State Route 58 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 58 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6931007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931007" title="Route 58 (Virginia pre-1933)">
Route 58 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6931009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931009" title="State Route 121 (Virginia 1927-1928)">
State Route 121 (Virginia 1927-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6931010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931010" title="The Romanov Prophecy">
The Romanov Prophecy

The Romanov Prophecy is a 2004 novel written by American author Steve Berry. The novel relates the adventures of Miles Lord, an African-American lawyer in post-communist Russia on finding the descendants of Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia and Tsarevich Alexei of Russia, who were thought to survive the massacre that took their family's lives.
Plot summary.
After the communist era and during a time of weak government in a Russia ridden by crime and political instability, the Russian people vote to reestablish the monarchy and bring back a new tsar, who will be chosen among the closest relative of Nicholas II of Russia from the surviving Romanov clans. Miles Lord, the protagonist, is tasked to do a background check on the favorite contender to be tsar, Stefan Baklanov. After almost being killed in the center of Moscow, Lord starts to discover new facts and documents that could threaten Baklanov's aspirations. Based on the diary of Felix Yusupov and a prophecy of the famous Rasputin, Lord finds out that there could be a direct descendant of Alexis and Anastasia, children of Nicholas II, living somewhere in the world. In this novel, Lord travels to Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Starodub, Vladivostok, Atlanta and San Francisco trying to find the inheritor of the Romanov family. If he has success, Russia will find the real tsar; if not, Stefan Baklanov will obtain power, and nobody knows what he will do with the country.

</doc>
<doc id="6931012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931012" title="Linescio">
Linescio

Linescio is a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
Linescio is first mentioned in 1437 as "Lignazio". In 1602 it was mentioned as "Linezio".
The parish church of S. Remigio was built in 1640 and rebuilt in 1817–19. In 1757, it split away from the parish of Cevio to become its own parish.
The slopes around the village were heavily terraced, creating most of the farm land for the village. Rye, hemp, flax and later potatoes were grown on the terraces. As a result of emigration out of Switzerland in the 19th century and emigration to the cities after 1950, most of the fields, meadows and pastures were abandoned. In 2000, no one in Linescio worked in agriculture. On the right side of the valley, there is some mining. At the beginning of the 21st century a project was developed to save the terraces from decay.
Geography.
Linescio has an area, , of . Of this area, or 1.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 65.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 1.2% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.8% is either rivers or lakes and or 29.8% is unproductive land. Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.9% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.0%. Out of the forested land, 56.9% of the total land area is heavily forested and 5.6% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.6% is used for growing crops. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 17.7% is unproductive vegetation and 12.1% is too rocky for vegetation.
The village is located in the Vallemaggio district, on the left side of the lower portion of the Valle di Campo. It was created in 1858, when the village separated from Cevio.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Quartered argent and azure a dove displayed counterchanged." The dove is an attribute of Saint Remigius, the patron saint of the village church.
Demographics.
Linescio has a population () of . , 8.2% of the population are resident foreign nationals.
Most of the population () speaks Italian language (26 or 81.3%) with the rest speaking German
, the gender distribution of the population was 45.7% male and 54.3% female. The population was made up of 18 Swiss men (39.1% of the population), and 3 (6.5%) non-Swiss men. There were 24 Swiss women (52.2%), and 1 (2.2%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the village 16 or about 50.0% were born in Linescio and lived there in 2000. There were 6 or 18.8% who were born in the same canton, while 7 or 21.9% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 3 or 9.4% were born outside of Switzerland.
In there were no live births to Swiss citizens and 3 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 3 while the foreign population remained the same. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 4 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 1 people. This represents a population growth rate of 6.5%.
The age distribution, , in Linescio is; 1 child is between 0 and 9 years old. Of the adult population, 5 people or 10.9% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 7 people or 15.2% are between 30 and 39, 8 people or 17.4% are between 40 and 49, and 9 people or 19.6% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 6 people or 13.0% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 4 people or 8.7% are between 70 and 79, there are 6 people or 13.0% who are over 80.
, there were 13 people who were single and never married in the village. There were 12 married individuals, 1 widows or widowers and 6 individuals who are divorced.
There were 10 households that consist of only one person and 1 household with five or more people. Out of a total of 19 households that answered this question, 52.6% were households made up of just one person. Of the rest of the households, there are 3 married couples without children, 2 married couples with children There was 1 single parent with a child or children. There were 3 households that were made up unrelated people.
 there were 101 single family homes (or 97.1% of the total) out of a total of 104 inhabited buildings. There was 1 multi-family buildings (1.0%), along with 1 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (1.0%) and 1 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (1.0%). Of the single family homes 12 were built before 1919, while none were built between 1990 and 2000. The greatest number of single family homes (75) were built between 1919 and 1945.
 there were 104 apartments in the village. The most common apartment size was 4 rooms of which there were 26. There were 16 single room apartments and 24 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 19 apartments (18.3% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 85 apartments (81.7%) were seasonally occupied.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Sights.
The entire village of Linescio is designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 46.67% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (30.83%), the Green Party (21.67%) and the PdA Party (0.83%). In the federal election, a total of 15 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 32.6%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 45 registered voters in Linescio, of which 23 or 51.1% voted. 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 22 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 12 or 54.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the MPS (with 4 or 18.2%), the SSI (with 3 or 13.6%) and the PPD+GenGiova (with 1 or 4.5%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, The most popular party was the PLRT which received 13 or 56.5% of the vote. The next two most popular parties were; the PS (with 5 or 21.7%) and the PPD (with 2 or 8.7%).
Economy.
There were 13 residents of the village who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 38.5% of the workforce. the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 19. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 2, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 17.
, there were 8 workers who commuted away from the village.
Religion.
From the , 24 or 75.0% were Roman Catholic, while 1 or 3.1% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There were 6 (or about 18.75% of the population) who belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 1 individual (or about 3.13% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Linescio about 14 or (43.8%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and or (0.0%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). In Linescio there was 1 student, who was in kindergarten ().
, there were 2 students from Linescio who attended schools outside the village.

</doc>
<doc id="6931014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931014" title="St. Gregory the Wonder-Worker">
St. Gregory the Wonder-Worker



</doc>
<doc id="6931015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931015" title="State Route 116 (Virginia 1928-1930)">
State Route 116 (Virginia 1928-1930)



</doc>
<doc id="6931017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931017" title="Lucasian Chair of Mathematics">
Lucasian Chair of Mathematics



</doc>
<doc id="6931020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931020" title="Michael Koda">
Michael Koda



</doc>
<doc id="6931027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931027" title="State Route 58 (Virginia 1930-1933)">
State Route 58 (Virginia 1930-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6931028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931028" title="A wounded civilization">
A wounded civilization



</doc>
<doc id="6931034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931034" title="Caesarea-Mazaca">
Caesarea-Mazaca



</doc>
<doc id="6931038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931038" title="Barney Mussill">
Barney Mussill

Bernard James Mussill (October 1, 1919 – January 27, 2013) was an American former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1944. The rookie left-hander stood and weighed .
Biography.
Born in Bower Hill, Pennsylvania, Mussill was one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on April 20, 1944, in a home game against the Brooklyn Dodgers at Shibe Park.
His season and career totals included sixteen games pitched, all in relief, a 0–1 record with eight games finished, thirteen earned runs allowed in 19 innings, and an ERA of 6.05.

</doc>
<doc id="6931039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931039" title="Petra Lammert">
Petra Lammert

Petra Lammert (born 3 March 1984 in Freudenstadt, Baden-Württemberg) is a former German shot putter and current bobsledder. She was the 2009 European Indoor champion in the shot put and medallist at the 2006 European Athletics Championships. Her personal best throw in the shot put is 20.04 metres, achieved in May 2007 in Zeven. She was the runner-up in the two-woman bobsled at the 2012 World Championships.
Lammert's first international medal came at the 2003 European Athletics Junior Championships, where she won the bronze medal. She came fifth at the 2005 European Athletics Indoor Championships, won the shot put title at the 2005 European Athletics U23 Championships, and went on to represent her country at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics later that year. In 2006, she was the German Champion in the shot put both indoors and out and won her event at the 2006 European Cup. She was fourth at the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships and won her first major senior medal at the 2006 European Athletics Championships, taking the bronze with a throw of 19.17 metres.
She began the following season with a win at the 2007 European Cup Winter Throwing. She achieved her personal best throw of 20.04 m in May that year and managed fifth place at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics held in Osaka. She narrowly missed out on a medal at the 2007 IAAF World Athletics Final, ending the competition in fourth place. She missed major competitions in 2008, but returned to win her first major title at the 2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships by throwing an indoor best of 19.66 m. She was the runner-up at the 2010 European Team Championships and finished behind Nadine Kleinert at the 2010 German Athletics Championships. Lammert placed sixth at the 2010 European Athletics Championships in Barcelona.
In November 2010 she announced her retirement from the sport through persistent elbow injury she had first sustained after a fall in training two years earlier. In early 2011 she decided to turn her athletic prowess to bobsleigh and she quickly established herself as one of Germany's best female brakewomen. She was selected to compete in the two-woman event at the FIBT World Championships 2012 alongside Sandra Kiriasis and won the silver medal, finishing a third of a second behind the winning Canadian team. In the 2011–12 Bobsleigh World Cup series she finished in the top three in Igls, Altenberg and Calgary.

</doc>
<doc id="6931040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931040" title="Red Lodge, Suffolk">
Red Lodge, Suffolk

Red Lodge is a village and civil parish situated in rural Suffolk, England, between Mildenhall and Newmarket, and very close to the A11 and A14 roads.
The village.
Red Lodge is a growing community administered by West Suffolk Council. It has new homes from a variety of building companies centred on the Kings Warren development at the northern end of the village. Currently, community facilities include an Ecumenical church, village hall and venue (known as the Millennium Centre), a sports pavilion with tennis courts, a five-a-side football pitch and allotments. A new school opened in September 2012 and the new village centre which opened in 2014 has a convenience store, fish and chip shop, kebab shop, pharmacy, hair dressers and estate agents.
History of the community.
The village dates back to 1926 when the first houses were built, although the pub, Red Lodge Inn, is far older, having been recorded on a map of the site in 1885. It is thought to be a former hunting lodge dating back to the 17th century. The area where most of the new housing is situated was formerly a rabbit warren attached to Freckenham Manor lands, with a history dating back to the 13th century. Red Lodge became a civil parish in 1987, having previously been part of Freckenham parish.
Fictional reference.
The 2010 Doctor Who audio drama "The Demons of Red Lodge" is set in Red Lodge in 1665.
Red Lodge Heath.
Red Lodge Heath is an area of acid grassland and lowland and is an SSSI, with a number of nationally rare plants and animals. It includes a population of the five-banded tailed digger wasp, "Cerceris quinquefasciata", which nests in bare sand along a path to the north of the site, and on sparsely vegetated slopes to the west. Discovery of the wasp population in 2005 by English Nature meant that Forest Heath District Council had to adapt proposed housing and school development plans in this area of the village.
The Heath is maintained by volunteers from a conservation group established in 2007 and awarded a Lottery grant in 2012.
Transport links.
The nearest railway station to Red Lodge is in , away.
Buses also serve the village, offering transportation to Mildenhall, Newmarket, Bury St Edmunds and other nearby towns and villages. Stansted Airport is away and Luton Airport is . National Express coaches operate services from nearby Mildenhall to Central London; Cambridge; Brighton via Stansted, Heathrow and Gatwick Airports.
Education.
St Christopher's CEVCP School in Bellflower Crescent opened in September 2012 and replaced Tuddenham Primary School, which was too small for the number of students. It is a Church of England voluntary faith school, meaning that Christian values are promoted within the curriculum and all faiths are welcomed. It has capacity for 315 pupils, with further development planned to increase capacity to 420. It delivers education for 5- to 11-year-olds and follows the National Curriculum.
The two-storey school is accessible by people with different physical abilities. Teaching facilities include interactive multi-media systems in classrooms, art, design technology and food technology areas, playing field, hard court, hall and drama studio.
In the last Ofsted inspection in 2009 (which took place at the Tuddenham premises), the school was rated 2 (good).

</doc>
<doc id="6931053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931053" title="India a million mutinies now">
India a million mutinies now



</doc>
<doc id="6931054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931054" title="Larry Clavier">
Larry Clavier

Larry Clavier (born 9 January 1981) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for Phare Petit-Canal. He has represented the Guadeloupe national team at international level.
Club career.
Clavier was born in Bondy, France. He played for Portuguese side Freamunde and for Angers, helping them gain promotion from the Championnat National to Ligue 2 in the 2006–07 season.
On 4 April 2012, Clavier signed a contract with V-League side Dong Tam Long An FC.
International career.
Clavier was called up to the Guadeloupe national team for the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="6931056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931056" title="Kaunas Priest Seminary">
Kaunas Priest Seminary

Kaunas Priest Seminary () is the largest seminary in Lithuania serving the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kaunas. It is part of the Faculty of Theology of Vytautas Magnus University. Its current rector is Aurelijus Žukauskas. As of 2007, the seminary had 35 students. It traces its history to 1622.
History.
The Diocese of Samogitia did not have its own school for priests. Therefore, Bishops of Samogitia sponsored students at the Jesuit Academy in Vilnius, which was established in 1570. In 1622, Bishop Stanisław Kiszka decided to sponsor a separate seminary in Varniai, the seat of the diocese. In 1628, the seminary moved to Kražiai where it shared premises with the Jesuit Kražiai College until 1745. Bishop decided to move the seminary back to Varniai. There he built a brick house dedicated to the seminary's needs. From 1850 to 1862, 333 men were ordained as priests. In 1862, the seminary had 120 students.
After the January Uprising of 1863, the seat of Bishop Motiejus Valančius was moved from Varniai to Kaunas on December 3, 1864. The Seminary was offered the monastery of Cistercians and St. George Church in Kaunas. From 1863 to 1870 the seminary's capacity was limited, since officials of the Russian Empire did not permit new enrollments. 
The Kaunas Priest Seminary was one of the centers of the Lithuanian National Revival during the Russification era. Antanas Baranauskas taught there for some time, initiating lectures using the Lithuanian language. Many of its students were active in Lithuanian book smuggling. In 1884 its students began printing "Lietuva", a Lithuanian-language newspaper, edited by . Fearing persecution by the Tsarist authorities, seminary leaders closed the newspaper. In 1888 a secret Lithuanian society was established, which was transformed into the St. Casimir Society in 1889. In 1892 Maironis was appointed a professor there and this move had a major impact on usage of the Lithuanian language. After Maironis left for St. Petersburg, Adomas Dambrauskas-Jakštas was appointed as the chaplain and continued Maironis' work. In 1909 Maironis was appointed as the rector of the seminary. At that time the seminary was completely Lithuanian.
During World War I, the seminary moved to Vašuokėnai estate near Troškūnai and the building in Kaunas was converted to a military hospital. Between 1926 and 1940, 3,078 students graduated from the Seminary. After Lithuania was occupied by the Soviet Union, all other priest seminaries in Lithuania were closed. The number of students was at first limited to 150; the limit gradually decreased to 25. Most of the seminary buildings were confiscated; the Church of the Holy Trinity was turned into a warehouse; a library containing some 90,000 volumes was destroyed; and many priests were deported to Siberia. Between 1945 and 1981, 428 priests graduated. After Lithuania declared independence in 1990, the seminary reacquired its former buildings, which were restored before the visit of Pope John Paul II in 1993.
Studies.
The seminary's current program consists of five years of undergraduate studies beginning with preparatory courses in Šiluva. Its graduates receive a degree from the Vytautas Magnus University, where they may pursue graduate and post-graduate studies. Its curriculum aims to develop students' spirituality, humanism, and intellectual abilities, and prepare them for pastoral duties.

</doc>
<doc id="6931058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931058" title="Jung Da-bin">
Jung Da-bin



</doc>
<doc id="6931060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931060" title="Joseph Facal">
Joseph Facal

Joseph Facal (born 12 March 1961) is a Canadian politician, academic, and journalist in the province of Quebec. He was a Parti Québécois member of the National Assembly of Quebec from 1994 to 2003 and was a cabinet minister in the governments of Lucien Bouchard and Bernard Landry.
Early life and career.
Facal was born in Montevideo, Uruguay, and moved with his family to Sherbrooke, Quebec, in 1970. His father, a surgeon with leftist political views, moved to Canada to escape Uruguay's political turmoil. Facal attended a bilingual French/Spanish school in Uruguay and was fluent in both languages before arriving in Quebec; he later became fluent in English. His sister, Carole Facal, is a noted singer-songwriter in Quebec.
Facal has a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from Université du Québec à Montréal (1983), a Master of Arts degree in political science from the Université de Montréal (1986), and a Ph.D. in sociology from the Sorbonne (1993). He lectured at the Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales de Montréal and Concordia University before starting his career as an elected official. He joined the Parti Québécois in 1980 and was the party's youth leader in 1990–91.
Shortly before his first election victory in 1994, Facal said that his support for Quebec sovereignty was based on economic issues. "Older sovereigntists tend to be driven more by the linguistic and cultural aspects of the debate," he said. "[Younger sovereigntists] are more driven by economic arguments, perhaps because nationalists of my generation have seen the slow and steady rise of French and feel less insecure. The language issue is really not what moves me."
Politician.
Facal first sought election to the Quebec legislature in the 1989 general election for the Montreal division of Dorion. He finished second against incumbent Liberal Party candidate Violette Trépanier, a minister in Robert Bourassa's government.
He was narrowly elected on his second attempt in the 1994 general election for the Laval division of Fabre. The Parti Québécois won a majority government under Jacques Parizeau's leadership, and Facal entered the legislative as a government backbencher. From December 1994 to March 1996 he chaired the assembly's "commission de l'éducation". In 1995, he openly expressed scepticism about Premier Parizeau's strategy of holding a referendum on sovereignty during the Parti Québécois's first full year in government.
Lucien Bouchard succeeded Parizeau as Parti Québécois leader and premier of Quebec on 26 January 1996, and appointed Facal as his parliamentary secretary three days later. Facal subsequently represented the Bouchard government on missions to Africa, Europe, and Latin America, and in 1997 he served as vice-president of the Parliamentary Conference of the Americas held in Quebec City. In the same year, he chaired a legislative committee that recommended downsizing in the Quebec civil service and the number of government agencies.
Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs.
Bouchard government.
Facal was promoted to cabinet on 23 September 1998, as minister of Canadian intergovernmental affairs. He was re-elected with an increased majority in the 1998 general election, as the PQ won a second consecutive majority government under Bouchard's leadership. Facal recorded English-language and Spanish-language advertisements for his party during the campaign. He was kept in the intergovernmental affairs portfolio after the election and was also appointed as minister responsible for the Outaouais on 15 December 1998.
In 1998 and 1999, Facal took part in discussions with representatives of the Canadian federal government and other provinces on a proposed Social Union Framework Agreement for health, education, and social services. He indicated that Quebec would only accept the agreement if it recognized the province's right to opt out of specific programs with full financial compensation. The federal government ultimately concluded a deal with all provinces except Quebec in February 1999; Facal said that he could not sign the accord, as it included provisions for the federal government to oversee unilateral programs such as the millennium scholarships and did not permit Quebec to opt out of future shared-cost programs. He later said that the social union agreement undermined any possibility that Quebec's distinctiveness could be recognized within the Canadian constitution.
Facal was a vocal opponent of the Clarity Act introduced by Stéphane Dion, the minister of intergovernmental affairs in the federal government of Jean Chrétien. Dion's act was designed to clarify the terms and conditions under which the government of Canada would negotiate with a provincial government in the event of a successful referendum on sovereignty. Among other things, the act gave the House of Commons of Canada the right to determine if the referendum question and the popular mandate for sovereignty were sufficiently clear. Facal described the legislation as "anti-democratic" and exchanged public letters with Dion on the subject in late 1999.
Facal introduced counter-legislation to the Clarity Act in the Quebec legislature in December 1999. His legislation stated that a simple majority would be sufficient for a referendum victory on sovereignty, that Quebec's boundaries could not be changed except by Quebec's government and elected representatives, and that no other parliament or government could reduce the powers of the National Assembly. The Grand Council of the Crees initially opposed this legislation on the grounds that it denied aboriginal people the same right of self-determination that was claimed for Quebec. Facal responded that it was not his government's wish "to exercise any form of domination over the Crees" and revised the legislation to reflect this and other concerns. The revised version was approved by the National Assembly in December 2000, with Liberal legislators voting against it.
Facal expressed scepticism toward federal health minister Allan Rock's proposal to overhaul Canada's public health system in January 2000, saying that the effort was hypocritical after years of federal cutbacks.
Landry government.
Lucien Bouchard announced his resignation as Parti Québécois leader and premier in January 2001, and Facal was one of the first PQ legislators to support Bernard Landry's successful bid to succeed him. When Landry became premier on 8 March 2001, he retained Facal as Canadian intergovernmental affairs minister and gave him additional responsibilities as minister of citizenship and immigration. He was also given ministerial responsibility for Canadian francophones and Acadians living outside Quebec, while giving up responsibility for the Outaouais to Sylvain Simard. The following month, Facal published a seventy-page book entitled "Le declin du federalisme canadien".
In May 2001, Facal called on the Canadian government to give Quebec a greater role in citizenship ceremonies for new Canadians. He initially offered qualified support to the suggestion that Quebec should establish its own citizenship, but he later rejected it on the grounds that it was unnecessarily provocative and offered no concrete benefits.
In the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks in New York City and Washington, D.C., Facal indicated that Quebec would tighten procedures for issuing documents such as birth certificates. He also expressed concern that Quebec immigrants of Arab origin would be unfairly associated with terrorism. "It's malicious and deplorable to insinuate there may be a terrorist lurking behind every Arab or Muslim", he said in response to a critical "New York Times" article. "I strongly denounce all such suggestions."
President of the Treasury Board.
Landry shuffled his cabinet on 30 January 2002, and named Facal as president of the treasury board and minister of state for administration and the public service. While holding this portfolio, Facal emerged as a prominent voice on the right wing of the Parti Québécois.
Facal argued in June 2002 that the PQ should shift away from its social democratic origins. Speaking at a news conference, he described the PQ's platform as being in some respects outdated, called for the party to shift focus from its traditional grassroots allies to a more middle-class electorate, and said that the Quebec governance model had created high debt and undue dependence on the state. Premier Landry criticized Facal's remarks, defending his administration as "interventionist" with a mandate to ensure the province's wealth could be shared "between the regions, between the social classes, and between age groups." Despite this, Landry also defended Facal against accusations that he was too right-wing for the Parti Québécois, and Facal clarified that he had no intention of leaving the party. He was not disciplined and remained a member of cabinet.
During the same period, Facal also criticized Action démocratique du Québec leader Mario Dumont for arguing that Quebec should dramatically scale back its government services and end employment security in the civil service. "We have to modernize the state for reasons of efficiency but we must not dismantle it for ideological reasons," Facal said, dismissing Dumont's plan as a simplistic solution to a complicated problem. He also noted that job security guarantees had been put in place to prevent workers from being influenced by partisan politics, adding that workers could still be dismissed for a poor job performance.
In December 2002, Facal accepted a preliminary treasury board report that recommended a significant reduction in the size of cabinet and the elimination of several government agencies, some of which were described in the report as redundant.
Facal did not run as a candidate in the 2003 general election. He said that his decision was not based on ideological differences with Landry's government and added that he would "doubtlessly" return to politics in the future. The Parti Québécois was defeated by Jean Charest's Liberals in the election that followed, and Facal formally resigned from cabinet with rest of the Landry ministry on 29 April 2003. He later wrote for the "Journal de Montréal" and returned to teaching sociology and management at the Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales de Montréal.
Out of the legislature.
PQ leadership politics.
Bernard Landry faced criticisms over his leadership after the 2003 election, and in August 2004 Pauline Marois challenged him to hold a leadership contest. Facal supported this, saying that the party needed a leadership contest to update its platform.
Landry resigned as party leader in June 2005 after receiving only 76.2% support at a party convention. There were rumours that Facal would be a candidate in the leadership contest that followed, although he was not given strong odds of winning. He eventually decided to support Pauline Marois, who finished second to André Boisclair.
Boisclair resigned as party leader following a poor performance in the 2007 general election. Facal was again considered as possible leadership candidate, but he again chose not to run and was still generally regarded as an ally of Marois, who won the leadership on her third attempt. During this period, Facal worked with former cabinet colleague François Legault to propose a new PQ policy agenda focused on economic growth and the more gradual promotion of sovereignty.
Support for the lucide manifesto and shift away from the PQ.
Facal was one of several public notables, also including Lucien Bouchard, who endorsed the manifesto "Pour un Québec lucide" in October 2005. The manifesto generally promoted conservative ideas such as increased privatization, though it also called for government re-investment in some areas. Its specific recommendations included debt reduction, a substantial increase to Quebec's electricity rates (reflecting what the signatories described as real market values), significant new financial support for education, a lifting of Quebec's long-standing tuition freeze, and a guaranteed minimum wage.
In late 2007, Facal was appointed to a commission established by the Charest government to examine public service fees in Quebec. The commission's report recommended higher electricity prices (with safeguards for low-income earners), an end to the province's university tuition freeze, and mandatory water meters to reduce wastage. Some journalists noted similarities between the report and the "lucide" manifesto. Monique Jérôme-Forget, the minister who commissioned the study, did not commit to following through with its proposals and specifically rejected the call for higher electricity rates.
Rumours circulated in late 2010 that Facal would join François Legault to launch a new right-of-centre political movement seeking to bypass Quebec's traditional dichotomy of federalism and sovereigntism. He ultimately decided not to do so, although he acknowledged in a November 2010 blog posting that he was no longer a member of any political party.
Federal Canadian politics.
After leaving the Quebec legislature, Facal sometimes represented the Bloc Québécois on all-party panel discussions in Canada's English-language media. He was a strategist for the party in the 2006 federal election. He later criticized the BQ's decision to offer parliamentary support to a proposed coalition government of the Liberal Party of Canada and the New Democratic Party in late 2008, on the grounds that the coalition would be detrimental to sovereigntist interests. In the event, the coalition dissolved before it could assume office.
Facal identified Lester Pearson as Canada's greatest prime minister in September 2005, describing him as "a throwback to the good old days when there were still some English-speaking Canadians committed to understanding Quebec." Facal also praised Brian Mulroney, while describing Pierre Trudeau and Jean Chrétien as Canada's worst leaders.
Other political writings.
Facal co-authored an article in 2005 criticizing Jean Charest's proposal to introduce a form of proportional representation to Quebec's electoral system. One argument raised in this piece was that the change would reduce the power of Quebec's francophone majority in relation to the predominantly anglophone areas in Montreal, where Liberal candidates are often elected with huge majorities.
Facal has criticized multiculturalist aspects of the Charest government's course in ethics and religious culture, which is taught to all students at the elementary and high school level.
His book, "Quelque chose comme un grand peuple", was a best-seller in Quebec in 2010.
Electoral record.
"Source: Official Results, Le Directeur général des élections du Québec".
"Source: Official Results, Le Directeur général des élections du Québec".
"Source: Official Results, Le Directeur général des élections du Québec".

</doc>
<doc id="6931071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931071" title="Raymond Vouel">
Raymond Vouel

Raymond Vouel (8 April 1923 – 12 February 1987) was a Luxembourgish politician who was Deputy Prime Minister in the Thorn-Vouel cabinet, a coalition between Vouel's Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party and Gaston Thorn's Democratic Party. On 21 July 1976, Vouel left the government to join the European Commission as European Commissioner for Competition.
Vouel was born on 8 April 1923 in Rumelange. During World War II he was a member of the French Resistance and later served as a translator for the United States Army. He was also a journalist for the socialist daily newspaper "Tageblatt", writing articles on international affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="6931073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931073" title="Majidae">
Majidae

Majidae is a family of crabs, comprising around 200 marine species inside 52 genera, with a carapace that is longer than it is broad, and which forms a point at the front. The legs can be very long in some species, leading to the name "spider crab". The exoskeleton is covered with bristles to which the crab attaches algae and other items to act as camouflage.
Genera.
The roughly 200 extant and over 50 extinct species are divided among 52 genera in 5 subfamilies:
Eurynolambrinae 
Majinae 
Micromaiinae † 
Mithracinae 
Planoterginae 

</doc>
<doc id="6931082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931082" title="Société générale de financement">
Société générale de financement



</doc>
<doc id="6931085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931085" title="Marie Antoinette (film)">
Marie Antoinette (film)



</doc>
<doc id="6931087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931087" title="Inca Hualpa">
Inca Hualpa



</doc>
<doc id="6931094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931094" title="The Centre of the Heart">
The Centre of the Heart

"The Centre of the Heart" is a song by Swedish pop music duo Roxette, released on 19 March 2001 as the lead single from their seventh studio album, "Room Service". An uptempo pop song, it was written by Per Gessle and originally demoed in January 1998 during sessions for their previous album "Have a Nice Day" (1999). The single was backed by an exclusive B-side, "Entering Your Heart", along with several remixes by StoneBridge.
The track became one of the duo's biggest hits in their home country, spending four weeks on top of the Swedish Singles Chart. It also entered the top 10 in Romania and Spain and charted moderately in several other European territories. Longtime collaborator Jonas Åkerlund directed the song's music video, which was Roxette's most expensive and was criticised for negatively portraying women.
Background and recording.
The song was written by Per Gessle early in the development stages of Roxette's preceding studio album, "Have a Nice Day" (1999). It was first demoed in El Cortijo Studios in Marbella, Spain, in January 1998, and is the only track on "Room Service" to feature a co-production credit for Michael Ilbert.
Release and promotion.
The song is officially titled "The Centre of the Heart", although multiple promotional singles were issued which titled the track "The Centre of the Heart (Is a Suburb to the Brain)". Non-album track "Entering Your Heart" appears as a b-side on most editions of the single. An extended version of the b-side, containing an extra verse, also appeared on Japanese editions of "Room Service". A maxi single was also issued, containing four remixes of the song by Swedish DJ StoneBridge, as well as an additional remix created by Jens Bjurman and Per Kalenius, titled the 'Yoga Remix'.
Roxette debuted "The Centre of the Heart" live on 23 February during an interval at the Swedish Melodifestivalen 2001. The song's music video was directed by longtime collaborator Jonas Åkerlund and was filmed over three days at The Madonna Inn in California. It remains Roxette's most expensive music video to date, surpassing the budget of "Spending My Time" from their 1991 album, "Joyride".
Commercial performance.
The song became one of the duo's biggest hits in their home country Sweden, topping the Sverigetopplistan chart for four consecutive weeks and being certified platinum by the Swedish Recording Industry Association for sales in excess of 30,000 copies. It ended 2001 as the 14th-best-selling single in the country. It was also a hit in Spain, topping the Spanish Airplay Chart and peaking at number seven on the national sales chart. The single became a top-twenty hit in Finland, where it charted at number 13, and peaked within the top thirty in Austria, Belgium, and Switzerland. The track peaked at number 31 and spent nine weeks on the German Singles Chart. It was not released as a single in Ireland or the United Kingdom.
Track listings.
All songs were written by Per Gessle.
Credits and personnel.
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of "The Pop Hits".
Studios
Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="6931095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931095" title="Howe Township">
Howe Township

Howe Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6931099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931099" title="Pipe Clay">
Pipe Clay



</doc>
<doc id="6931107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931107" title="Zytek Engineering">
Zytek Engineering



</doc>
<doc id="6931111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931111" title="The diary of jane">
The diary of jane



</doc>
<doc id="6931118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931118" title="Navy Line">
Navy Line



</doc>
<doc id="6931120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931120" title="The Heavenly Man">
The Heavenly Man



</doc>
<doc id="6931124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931124" title="Stupid Girl Epidemic">
Stupid Girl Epidemic



</doc>
<doc id="6931126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931126" title="State Route 94 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 94 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6931127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931127" title="State Route 94 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 94 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6931132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931132" title="Hubbard Township">
Hubbard Township

Hubbard Township is the name of a few townships in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="6931133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931133" title="Green Hill Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Green Hill Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Green Hill Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery located near Suvla Bay, Gallipoli, Turkey.
History.
Green Hill and Chocolate Hill were names given by Allied troops taking part in the landing at Suvla Bay in August 1915 to parts of a hill called in Turkish Yilghin Burnu and which rises 52 metres above sea level from the eastern shore of the salt lake. The hill was captured the day after the landing, on 7 August 1915, but remained on the front line until the Allied withdrawal from the area in late December.
The cemetery was built on the hill after the Armistice when graves from the battlefield and small burial grounds nearby were consolidated into it.

</doc>
<doc id="6931135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931135" title="Squirrelgirl">
Squirrelgirl



</doc>
<doc id="6931143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931143" title="Rachel Lee Cook">
Rachel Lee Cook



</doc>
<doc id="6931145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931145" title="Vuelta 2006">
Vuelta 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6931146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931146" title="Roderick Haig-Brown">
Roderick Haig-Brown

Roderick Langmere Haig-Brown (February 21, 1908 – October 9, 1976) was a Canadian writer and conservationist.
Early life.
Haig-Brown was born in Lancing, Sussex, England on February 21, 1908. His father, Alan Haig-Brown, was a teacher and a prolific writer, the author of hundreds of articles and poems on sports, the military, and educational issues in various periodicals. Alan was also an officer in the British Army during World War I. In 1918 he was killed in action in France. Roderick had a high regard for his father and describes him in an essay entitled “Alan Roderick Haig Brown” as “an Edwardian: one of the young, the strong, the brave and the fair who had faith in their nation, their world and themselves” (27). Roderick's paternal grandfather, William, was headmaster of the Charterhouse School for thirty-three years.
Roderick's mother, Violet Mary Pope, was one of fifteen children of Alfred Pope, a wealthy Dorset brewer. After the war ended Roderick, his mother and his two sisters went to live with her family. His grandfather Pope was an industrious man with very strong Victorian values of “service, fair play, decency and acceptance of the obligations that follow with the privilege of class and education” (Robertson 6). He was a friend of Thomas Hardy and took young Roderick to tea there on at least one occasion. Roderick later noted in his essay “Hardy’s Dorset” that he regretted not having elicited more information from Hardy about being a writer, but he was sixteen then and was passionate about fishing and shooting. Life on his grandfather's country estate on the Frome River was more fascinating to him than “the past or its old men” (“Hardy’s Dorset” 43). His many uncles loved sport and taught him to fish and shoot, but it was a family friend, Major Greenhill, who served as Roderick's sporting mentor and taught him both the skills and the ethics of sportsmanship. The estate's gamekeepers, particularly "Old Fox", introduced him to the importance of conservation and the complexity of the environment. In 1921 Roderick entered Charterhouse where his grandfather Haig-Brown had been headmaster.
His physical and social childhood environment contributed, according to biographer Anthony Robertson, to Roderick's code of conduct. Throughout his life he adhered to an ideal balanced between reason and passion, an ideal infused with knowledge and tempered by responsibility, decency and fair play. This code “invoke[d] a mental and physical discipline that [went] beyond making a successful catch or kill; its central virtue [was] knowledge, intimate and thorough, transcending pursuit” (8).
Writing career.
Haig-Brown found his way to British Columbia, Canada through a series of unexpected events. After he was expelled from Charterhouse School for drinking and sneaking out, he joined his father's regiment for a short while, but found that army life was too restrictive. The family decided that the British Colonial Civil Service might be a more agreeable alternative but he was too young to write the exams. He went, in the meantime to Seattle, Washington at the invitation of an uncle who had married a Seattle woman, promising his mother he would come back when he was eligible for the civil service. He worked at a logging camp in Washington, then crossed the border to Canada because his U.S. visa had expired. He remained in British Columbia for three years to work at Nimpkish Lake on Vancouver Island as a logger, a commercial fisherman and an occasional guide to visiting anglers. He returned to England in 1931 and enjoyed the fast-paced life of London. But images of British Columbia haunted him while he wrote his first book, "Silver: The Life of an Atlantic Salmon" (1931) as well as part of "Pool and Rapid" (1932). He returned to BC at the end of the year and planned his third book, "Panther" (1934). He married Ann Elmore of Seattle after publishing "Panther", and the couple settled on the banks of the Campbell River where they lived for the rest of their lives, raising three daughters and a son.
From the year of his return to British Columbia to 1976, the year of his death, Roderick Haig-Brown published twenty-three books (five more were published posthumously), wrote numerous articles and essays, and created several series of talks and historical dramas for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. He is most famous internationally for his writing on fly fishing and the natural world. He joined the Canadian Army as a personnel officer in 1943 and was later seconded for several months to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police which allowed him to travel across Canada and to the Arctic. He was magistrate for the town of Campbell River from 1941 until 1974. He became a trustee of the Nature Conservancy of Canada, an advisor to the BC Wildlife Federation, a senior advisor to Trout Unlimited and the Federation of Flyfishers, and a member of the Federal Fisheries Development Council and the International Pacific Salmon Fisheries Commission. He was also Chancellor of University of Victoria from 1970 to 1973. He served three times on the Federal Electoral Boundaries Commission for British Columbia. These many responsibilities prevented him from devoting much time to writing in the last decade of his life. He retired from the bench a year before his death and was planning to get back to writing as the pressure of his other commitments gradually eased off. His life in his mature years features in many of his books, especially "A River Never Sleeps" and "Measure of the Year".
Recognition.
In 1947 Haig-Brown won the inaugural Canadian Library Association Book of the Year for Children Award, recognizing his 1943 novel "Starbuck Valley Winter", which features trapping. He won award again in 1963 for "The Whale People", a novel that features Native Americans.
In 1953 Haig-Brown received an honorary LLD (Doctor of Laws) from the University of British Columbia. His books for younger readers won several awards, including the Governor General's Award for "Saltwater Summer" (based on his experience salmon fishing off northern Vancouver Island). The Haig-Browns sold their family home and property on the banks of the Campbell River to the BC government to be preserved as greenbelt land in 1974, retaining a lifetime tenancy. The house is now home to a Canada Council sponsored Writer in Residence in the winter months and bed-and-breakfast in the summer. Haig-Brown's literary and judicial papers are in Special Collections in the library of the University of British Columbia and at the University of Victoria. Other family papers are in The Museum at Campbell River.
Legacy.
A large-sized Residence Hall at the University of Victoria is named after Roderick Haig-Brown.
Tsútswecw Provincial Park near Kamloops was formerly named Roderick Haig-Brown Provincial Park in recognition of the major work Haig-Brown did to preserve the Fraser River and its tributaries as Pacific salmon habitat, especially spawning grounds. This included lobbying to stop major hydropower projects such as the Moran Dam. The Adams River which runs through the park is home to a major sockeye salmon run.
Mt. Haig-Brown in Strathcona Park on Vancouver Island is named for Roderick and his wife, Ann, in recognition of their efforts to preserve the Park, especially the battle in the 1950s to keep Buttle Lake from being flooded. The battle was lost but the process made many British Columbians aware of the need to be vigilant about their parks and the natural environment.
In 2016, Haig-Brown was named a National Historic Person.

</doc>
<doc id="6931149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931149" title="Fedor Antonov">
Fedor Antonov

Fedor Vasilevich Antonov (1904–1990) was a Soviet artist. He was born to a working-class father in Tambov, and there first studied art, from 1916 to 1920. He subsequently moved to Moscow, and from 1922 to 1929 studied at VKhUTEMAS, a state art school. In 1927 he began exhibiting and by 1931 he had become a member of IzoBrigada.
During the 1920s and 1930s Antonov worked successfully as a textile designer in the monumentalist style, eventually working as an instructor at the Moscow Textile Institute. Additionally, he worked as a painter during the 1930s and 1940s, becoming known for his sentimental thematic and portrait paintings, often employing bright and pure colors. On August 15, 1942, his poster of the Soviet Air Forces emphasizing the violence of women was made and, on August 31, published on the front page of "Literature and Art" with 50,000 editions. He died in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="6931150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931150" title="Pocket, Sacramento, California">
Pocket, Sacramento, California



</doc>
<doc id="6931152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931152" title="Pauxi">
Pauxi

The genus Pauxi consists of the three species of helmeted curassows, terrestrial black fowl with ornamental casque on their heads. All are found in South America.
This genus contains 3 species
As indicated by analysis of mt and nDNA sequences and calibrated with geological data, this genus' ancestors probably diverged from those of "Mitu", their closest living relatives, in the Tortonian (early Late Miocene), some 8–7.4 mya. How the present distribution in 4 small areas quite distant from each other came to be is not known. Given that helmeted curassows are birds of the foothills and uplands, it might be that the ancestral "Pauxi" population became fragmented by the uplift of the Andes, which in their area of distribution took place during the Late Miocene, around the "Pauxi"-"Mitu" divergence and some time after.(Pereira &amp; Baker 2002, Pereira "et al." 2002).
Pereira &amp; Baker (2002) reported an interesting find: in the mtDNA phylogeny, "Pauxi" was paraphyletic, with "P. unicornis" being resolved as the sister species of "Mitu tuberosa". This, of course, does not automatically imply that they are closely related or that the genera are invalid. Rather, the authors point out, given the distinct and peculiar morphology of the two genera, incomplete lineage sorting or hybridization between ancestral individuals of the two species is a more likely explanation. According to their data, there must have been some extent of gene flow between "Mitu tuberosa" and "P. unicornis" around 2 mya. Unfortunately, the authors do not provide subspecific identification of their single "P. unicornis" specimen. In any case, they took care to exclude captive hybridization in their choice of samples, as it is frequently known to occur in curassows and would have confounded the analysis. Altogether, what can be said with certainty is that there seems to have been some extent of hybridization between at least one population of the southern helmeted curassow and female razor-billed curassows at the end of the Pliocene.

</doc>
<doc id="6931156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931156" title="James Harcourt">
James Harcourt

James Harcourt (born Joseph Hudson, 20 April 187318 February 1951) was an English character actor.
Harcourt was born in Headingley, Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire. He started work as a cabinet maker, and drifted into amateur dramatics. He appeared as a stage actor first in 1903 and worked with the Liverpool Repertory Company from 1919 to 1931, and was with the Old Vic in the mid 1940s.
In 1947, Harcourt appeared in the original West End production of the popular musical "Bless the Bride", directed by Wendy Toye.
He married the actress Dora Keith in 1912, and was the father of camera operator and cinematographer David Harcourt and continuity girl Josephine Harcourt.
He died in Taplow, Buckinghamshire on 18 February 1951 aged 77.

</doc>
<doc id="6931158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931158" title="Rachael Lee Cook">
Rachael Lee Cook



</doc>
<doc id="6931159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931159" title="Charlie Last Name, Wilson">
Charlie Last Name, Wilson



</doc>
<doc id="6931165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931165" title="Francois de Gaston, Chevalier de Levis">
Francois de Gaston, Chevalier de Levis



</doc>
<doc id="6931166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931166" title="ESPN International">
ESPN International

ESPN International is a family of sportscasting and production networks around the world. It was begun in 1983, is operated by ESPN Inc. and owned by The Walt Disney Company.
Current operations.
Canada.
ESPN International does not directly operate its own channels in Canada, but owns a 20 percent voting interest (and slightly larger equity interest) in CTV Specialty Television, a subsidiary of the Canadian media company Bell Media. Canadian regulations on the foreign ownership of broadcasters prohibit ESPN from acquiring majority interest.
Although these channels have retained their local brands (ESPN having acquired part-ownership several years after TSN and RDS launched), they adopted ESPN-style logos in 2001, and use other ESPN branding elements such as the "SportsCentre" title for TSN's sports highlights programs. CTV Specialty also operated a Canadian version of ESPN Classic from 2001 to 2023.
Through CTV Specialty, ESPN also has an indirect interest in the Canadian version of USA Network and several CTV-branded factual channels. These holdings, all operated in association with Warner Bros. Discovery until December 2024, date to CTV Specialty's previous incarnations as Labatt Communications and later as NetStar Communications, in which ESPN also held a minority interest. Disney/ESPN is not believed to have any direct involvement with these channels, two of which (CTV Nature Channel and CTV Wild Channel) compete directly with Disney's National Geographic brand which is separately licensed to Corus Entertainment in Canada. However, after rebranding in 2025, USA Network began airing some overflow sports programming sublicensed from TSN.
ESPN is also indirectly associated with TSN Radio, a brand used by several sports radio stations (each wholly owned by Bell Media), each of which also carries a limited amount of ESPN Radio programming.
Former operations.
Asia-Pacific.
In June 2012, News Corporation announced it would acquire ESPN's 50% stake in its joint venture ESPN Star Sports. Following the takeover, ESPN in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Southeast Asia was relaunched as Fox Sports in January 2013, while a version for Mainland China became Star Sports 2 in January 2014.
Indian subcontinent.
In January 2013, Star India acquired ESPN India from ESPN Star Sports, but kept ESPN brand for a while. ESPN International later established a partnership with what is now Sony Pictures Networks India in October 2015, and relaunched Sony Kix as Sony ESPN in January 2016. Sony ESPN was shut down in March 2020.
United Kingdom.
ESPN launched ESPN Classic in 2006. The company bought the North American Sports Network (NASN) in 2007, and renamed it ESPN America in 2009. Also in 2009, it launched the domestic network ESPN UK after securing rights to the Premier League.
In February 2013, BT Group acquired ESPN's UK and Ireland television channel and remaining broadcasting contracts. Its domestic channel was re-branded as BT Sport ESPN, integrating it with the company's BT Sport channel group. In January 2015, BT Sport and ESPN reached a seven-year agreement to continue licensing ESPN's brand for the channel, as well as British rights to ESPN original programming and events whose international rights were owned by ESPN International. The agreement also allowed for joint digital media initiatives between the two companies. On 1 August 2022, after Warner Bros. Discovery acquired a 50% stake in BT Sport from BT Group, BT Sport ESPN was renamed BT Sport 4, and began to phase out its focus on U.S. sports, with ESPN programming ending altogether when TNT Sports replaced BT Sport in July 2023. In November 2023, ESPN announced an agreement with Sky Sports to sub-license college football and basketball coverage.

</doc>
<doc id="6931167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931167" title="Bernard Berg">
Bernard Berg

Bernard 'Benny' Berg (14 September 1931 – 21 February 2019) was a Luxembourgish politician and trade unionist. In the 1970s, Berg was a leading member of the Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party, sitting in the Chamber of Deputies and the communal council of Dudelange. When fellow LSAP deputy Raymond Vouel left the government to join the European Commission, Berg took Vouel's place in the Thorn Ministry as Deputy Prime Minister under Gaston Thorn. He would serve in the government again under Pierre Werner.

</doc>
<doc id="6931171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931171" title="1939 in Wales">
1939 in Wales

 
This article is about the particular significance of the year 1939 to Wales and its people.

</doc>
<doc id="6931172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931172" title="1966 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1966 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 1966 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1966, to select the governor of the state of South Carolina, US. It marked the first time since the gubernatorial election of 1938 that the Democratic candidate faced opposition from a Republican candidate. Governor Robert Evander McNair prevailed as the winner of the election and continued as the 108th governor of South Carolina, but Joseph O. Rogers, Jr. had a respectable showing for the first Republican candidate in 28 years.
Primaries.
Both Governor McNair and Joseph O. Rogers, Jr. faced no opposition in their party's primaries which allowed both candidates to concentrate solely on the general election.
General election.
Candidates.
The general election was held on November 8, 1966, and Robert Evander McNair was elected to continue his term as governor of South Carolina. Turnout was the highest for any gubernatorial election since because it was the first time in 90 years that there was a competitive gubernatorial election.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6931173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931173" title="Renew America">
Renew America



</doc>
<doc id="6931174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931174" title="Huntington Township">
Huntington Township

Huntington Township is the name of several townships in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="6931176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931176" title="The one with the prom video">
The one with the prom video



</doc>
<doc id="6931181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931181" title="Perry (album)">
Perry (album)

Perry was Perry Como's 22nd album released in 1974 by RCA Records and was his only album that year.
Background.
Whilst Perry Como had declined in the charts, he made a resurgence in 1970 and 1973 with singles like "It's Impossible" and "And I Love You So" both of which topped the Easy Listening chart, Como continued recording in 1974.
Overview.
After the success with "Weave Me The Sunshine", "I Don't Know What He Told You" and a rerecording of his gold record song from 1945, "Temptation," did well on the Easy Listening charts too, (No. 5, 8 and 28 respectively), he recorded an album with his name as the title. The album consists entirely of cover songs. It was a country flavored album, but with gentle pop mix.
Critical reception.
Cashbox writes "A number of 
'traditional' artists such as Andy Williams have taken it upon themselves to get into a contemporary bag and Perry has done exactly that with his delightful new LP featuring the renowned vocalist singing his own interpretations of such current standards as "You Are the Sunshine of My Life," "Behind Closed Doors," "The Most Beautiful Girl," "The Way We Were," and "Weave Me the Sunshine." Like Williams, Como has succeeded in making every cut a treat to listen to and is to be complimented for 
his youthful enthusiasm as well as his talent."
Charts.
"Perry" debuted at No. 28 on the Record &amp; Radio Mirror's Top Fifty chart (later adopted as the UK Albums Chart). By December 1, 1974, Perry had sold 250,000 copies and was certified gold. In America the album reached No. 138 on the Billboard Top LPs.

</doc>
<doc id="6931189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931189" title="Uprising of Constantine and Fruzhin">
Uprising of Constantine and Fruzhin



</doc>
<doc id="6931192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931192" title="Huston Township">
Huston Township



</doc>
<doc id="6931195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931195" title="Organization of Pan Asian American Women">
Organization of Pan Asian American Women

The Organization of Pan Asian American Women is a public policy organization founded in 1976, which aims to address the concerns of Asian-Pacific American women, and to increase their participation in policy making and leadership.
The influence of Pan Asian American Women working towards a common goal while raising awareness on issues affecting this intersectional group.
Shirley Hune explains in her "Anthology on Asian America and Pacific Islander" women about their contribution to a larger history. For Pan-Asian American women, it is important to emphasize expectations that pertains to inclusion and the unintentional racism that comes attached to the Anglo-Saxon connotation of an Asian in America. In search of scholarly articles on Pan Asian American Women, not much is written about the women who were put in detainment camps during WWII on Angel Island. Angel Island, much like Ellis Island in New York, is located in the San Francisco Bay area. Migrants from Asia would travel by boat to Angel Island in hopes of living the “American dream”. Once America became involved in WWII, news spread that the Japanese became allies for Germany. Americans threaten by the alliance caused plenty of Asians arriving to Angel Island then relocating to internment camps. In Hune's explanation, it becomes clear that there was a voice missing in the narrative of the women fugitives in camps. With new resurgence and insight to Second Wave feminism during the 1970s the Asian American/ Pacific Islander women reclaimed the idea of the roles these women had while in a state of oppression. Thus, the Organization of Pan Asian American Women emerged.

</doc>
<doc id="6931199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931199" title="Deep Six (novel)">
Deep Six (novel)



</doc>
<doc id="6931200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931200" title="Rockafeller skank">
Rockafeller skank



</doc>
<doc id="6931201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931201" title="Benny Berg">
Benny Berg



</doc>
<doc id="6931203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931203" title="Lorrainne Sade Baskerville">
Lorrainne Sade Baskerville

Lorrainne Sade Baskerville is an American social worker, activist, and trans woman best known for founding transgender advocacy group "trans"GENESIS. After living in Chicago for most of her life, Baskerville moved to Thailand in the early 2000s, where she currently resides.
Life and career.
Early life.
Baskerville was born on the south side of Chicago in 1951. At the time of her birth, Baskerville’s mother was 14. One of seven children, Baskerville left home at 17 in 1968. In the early 1970s, she became a sex worker and started living her life more aligned to her gender identity. During this time she also became familiar with sex workers' conditions and laws prohibiting wearing female clothing. While the Cross-Dressing Law in Chicago was overturned in 1973, Baskerville was still arrested several times. When AIDS struck a member of her family in the mid-1980s, Baskerville began to volunteer at Howard Brown Health Center and Horizons Community Services. She eventually became an HIV/AIDS case manager.
Education.
Baskerville graduated with an Associate in Applied Science with a concentration in Mental Health: Alcoholism &amp; Substance Abuse Counseling from Harold Washington College in 1991. In 1994, she received her Bachelor of Arts from Northeastern Illinois University.
Social work and activism.
Baskerville founded "trans"GENESIS to address issues of gender identity, substance abuse, HIV/AIDS, sex work, harm reduction, and self-empowerment. Programs have included T-PASS (Trans-People Advocating Safer Sex); a weekly drop-in program for youth and young adults, called TransDiva; and a peer-led transgender support and discussion group.As part of the T-PASS program, Baskerville created palm cards with safe sex tips specifically for trans people, with a picture of herself on the front and the phrase "All TRUE DIVAS protect their parts." In 2001, Baskerville and her partner Bruce Lomar rented an office space for transGENESIS in the Uptown neighborhood of Chicago. In the offices, Baskerville and her staff held individual as well as group counseling sessions and provided HIV/AIDS testing.
In addition to her work with "trans"GENESIS, Baskerville was involved in multiple conferences and panels on issues of trans rights, HIV/AIDS awareness, and anti-LGBT violence. Most notably, Baskerville was invited to speak on a panel with other trans activists at the 13th International AIDS Conference in Durban, South Africa in 2000. In Chicago, she worked for the Test Positive Aware Network (TPAN), the Chicago HIV Prevention Planning Group (HPPG), and the Chicago Police Department's 23rd District Gay and Lesbian Advisory Group.
During the 1990s and early 2000s, Baskerville frequently protested violence against trans people in Chicago. Following the murders of trans women Barretta Williams, Quona Clark, and Christine Page, Baskerville established an emergency fund for trans victims.
After transGenesis.
In 2003, Baskerville made the decision to shut down "trans"GENESIS due to a lack of funding. She moved to Thailand shortly after, where she currently resides. In 2014, she self-published a memoir detailing her experience moving to Thailand, her relationship with her late partner Bruce Lomar and her activist work titled "One Trans Woman's Spiritual Journey".
Awards.
In 1997, Baskerville received the Greater Chicago Committee's first Georgia Black Award, named after African American transgender woman Georgia Black, for service to the transgender community.
In 2000, Baskerville was inducted into the Chicago LGBT Hall of Fame.
In 2001, Baskerville received a Certificate for Recognition for Professional Leadership from Judy Baar Topinka, Illinois State Treasurer, and a Certificate of Recognition for Community Activism from Cook County (IL) State's Attorney, Richard A. Devine.
In 2002, Baskerville was appointed to the Executive Committee of the National Coalition for LGBT Health.

</doc>
<doc id="6931204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931204" title="Protected areas of Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Protected areas of Bosnia and Herzegovina



</doc>
<doc id="6931206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931206" title="Zlatan Dudov">
Zlatan Dudov



</doc>
<doc id="6931207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931207" title="Kunal Khemu">
Kunal Khemu

Kunal Khemu (born 25 May 1983) is an Indian actor and singer-composer who works in Hindi cinema. His notable films include Kalyug, and Go Goa Gone.
Early life and background.
Kunal Khemu was born on 25 May 1983 in Srinagar, in the Kashmir Valley of the erstwhile Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir, into a Kashmiri Pandit family to actors Ravi Kemmu and Jyoti Kemmu. His father has worked with Shyam Benegal in Bharat Ek Khoj as unit director. He is the older child to the couple and has a younger sister named Karishma Khemu.
Khemu's family lived in Srinagar during his early years and he got initial education from Burn Hall School, but his family had to shift to Jammu during their religious exodus after an Islamist insurgency erupted in Kashmir during the 1990s. Later, his family stayed in the suburban Mira Road neighbourhood of Mumbai. He finished his schooling from N. L. Dalmia High School in Mira Road and later attended Narsee Monjee College of Commerce and Economics in Vile Parle for his further studies. He now lives in Khar.
His paternal grandfather, Moti Lal Kemmu was a Kashmiri playwright, and a recipient of the Sahitya Akademi award in 1982 for his contribution to Kashmiri literature, and the Padma Shri.
Career.
Khemu made his debut as a child actor appearing in the Doordarshan TV series "Gul Gulshan Gulfaam" (1987), directed by Ved Rahi. He made his film debut with Mahesh Bhatt's film "Sir (film)" (1993). He went on to star as a child artist in films including "Raja Hindustani", "Zakhm", "Bhai", "Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke", "and Dushman."
He played the lead in the 2005 film "Kalyug", which was directed by Mohit Suri. "Kalyug" was based on the pornography industry. In 2007, his first release was Madhur Bhandarkar's "Traffic Signal", where he played a street-smart money lender who lends money to poor families, but always gets it back with interest.
His second release of 2007 was "Dhol" in which he again played lead. In 2008, in his only release, "Superstar", he featured in a double role. In 2009, he starred in "Dhoondte Reh Jaaoge" and "Jai Veeru". In 2009, he appeared in the comic-thriller "99". In 2010, he appeared in "Golmaal 3" in which he played a supporting role as Laxman.
In 2012, he appeared in Mukesh Bhatt's "Blood Money", in which played the lead role as Kunal Kadam, an honest and hard worker who is unknowingly taken into the dark side of Diamond Trade by his Boss. He co-starred in "Go Goa Gone", a Zombie comedy film, which was released on 10 May 2013. Both the films fared well at the box office.
In 2015, after over a two-year break, he returned to the screen with the thriller "Bhaag Johnny" about a man who gets to live two lives by the help of a Jinn, portrayed by director Vikram Bhatt. Though the film began shooting in 2013, it released on 25 September 2015 to mixed reviews and low box office collections. His second release of the same year was the comedy film "Guddu Ki Gun", in which he appears in the title role along with Sumeet Vyas. In 2017, he did a voice over in an animated film "" in role of Lord Indra. He also appeared in the fourth instalment of "Golmaal (film series)" named "Golmaal Again" reprising his famous role of Laxman Sharma. He portrayed a noteworthy negative character in "Malang" and gained critical acclaim for his role in "Kalank" .
Personal life.
Khemu was in a relationship with actress Soha Ali Khan since May 2009. The couple got engaged in July 2014 and got married in a private ceremony in Mumbai on 25 January 2015 in the presence of selected members of Soha's Family. Through his marriage to Khan, he is related to the Pataudi family. On 29 September 2017, Khan gave birth to their daughter Inaaya Naumi Khemu.

</doc>
<doc id="6931208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931208" title="Republic of Ireland International Record">
Republic of Ireland International Record



</doc>
<doc id="6931211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931211" title="Koko mjolk">
Koko mjolk



</doc>
<doc id="6931214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931214" title="Virginia State Route 97">
Virginia State Route 97

State Route 97 (SR 97) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. Known as Pipers Gap Road, the state highway runs from SR 89 in Galax east to SR 608 and SR 620 next to the Blue Ridge Parkway.
Route description.
SR 97 begins at an intersection with SR 89 (Main Street) in the independent city of Galax. The state highway heads east and immediately exits the city limits and enters Grayson County. SR 97 parallels Chestnut Creek until the highway enters Carroll County, then follows Wards Mill Branch to its source near the hamlet of Pipers Gap. The state highway continues southeast to the hamlet of Drenn adjacent to Pipers Gap, the wind gap of the Blue Ridge Mountains at the Eastern Continental Divide. There, SR 775 (Chances Creek Road) continues straight while SR 97 turns south to its eastern terminus at the intersection of SR 608 (Mt. Carroll Road) and SR 620 (Lambsburg Road). SR 620 continues southeast under the Blue Ridge Parkway overpass to descend the eastern side of the Blue Ridge. SR 608 heads southwest to an intersection with the Blue Ridge Parkway.

</doc>
<doc id="6931215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931215" title="Bel baha">
Bel baha



</doc>
<doc id="6931224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931224" title="Route 97 (Virginia)">
Route 97 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6931225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931225" title="Virginia State Highway 97">
Virginia State Highway 97



</doc>
<doc id="6931227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931227" title="State Route 47 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 47 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6931228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931228" title="State Route 97 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 97 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6931229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931229" title="State Route 97 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 97 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6931234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931234" title="Route 47 (Virginia pre-1933)">
Route 47 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6931236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931236" title="Mutsumi Hojo">
Mutsumi Hojo



</doc>
<doc id="6931239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931239" title="Stan getz">
Stan getz



</doc>
<doc id="6931240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931240" title="National Wrestling Alliance rosters">
National Wrestling Alliance rosters



</doc>
<doc id="6931248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931248" title="Saint Zoticus">
Saint Zoticus



</doc>
<doc id="6931253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931253" title="Danny Farrell">
Danny Farrell



</doc>
<doc id="6931255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931255" title="Bishopric of Comana">
Bishopric of Comana



</doc>
<doc id="6931259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931259" title="Gupha">
Gupha



</doc>
<doc id="6931268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931268" title="Nikki Hudson">
Nikki Hudson

Nicole Elaine Hudson (née Mott; born 6 July 1976) is an Australian former women's field hockey player. She was the captain of the Hockeyroos, Australia's national women's team, until her retirement from international hockey in 2009. She made her debut for Australia in 1993 and won gold at the 2000 Sydney Olympics. Her AHL team is the Queensland Scorchers.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, she scored in Australia's first two games, scoring the second goal in an comeback to win 5–4 against Korea, and a skillful individual effort against Spain. The goal against Spain was her 98th international goal, in her 299th international appearance. Her 99th goal for Australia came against South Africa in the following match. The match was Hudson's 300th appearance for her country, as she became the first woman to play 300 international Hockey matches for Australia.
Sponsorship.
Hudson put her name to special editions of the Mazon Black Magic stick, featuring a special black-and-pink colour scheme.
Media work.
Following her retirement from international hockey in 2009, Hudson was employed by One HD and Channel Ten for the women's hockey matches at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Dehli, and appeared on Good News Week in the leadup to the event as a cross-promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="6931277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931277" title="Wu Ying-hua">
Wu Ying-hua



</doc>
<doc id="6931278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931278" title="In Country (album)">
In Country (album)

In Country is a 1992 compilation album from Swedish pop and country singer Kikki Danielsson.

</doc>
<doc id="6931282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931282" title="Underwood, New York">
Underwood, New York



</doc>
<doc id="6931284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931284" title="Japanese submarine HA. 19">
Japanese submarine HA. 19

HA. 19 (also known as Japanese Midget Submarine "C" by the United States Navy) is a historic Imperial Japanese Navy midget submarine that was part of the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941. The submarine's crew was ordered to enter Pearl Harbor, attack the moored American warships with its two torpedoes and then scuttle her with explosives. However, the crew was unable to enter the harbor due to navigational difficulties, and the submarine ran aground and was captured by American forces.
"HA. 19" is now displayed at the National Museum of the Pacific War in Fredericksburg, Texas.
Build.
"HA. 19" was built at Kure Naval Dockyard, Kure, Hiroshima, Japan as a Type A Kō-hyōteki-class midget submarine in 1938. The Type 92 periscope was installed later in May 1941.
Pearl Harbor.
In November 1941, "HA. 19" was part of the "Kido Butai", carried by the Type C cruiser submarine , its mother ship, from the Kamegakubi Naval Proving Ground. Its two-man crew consisted of Ensign Kazuo Sakamaki and Chief warrant officer Kiyoshi Inagaki. At 03:30 on 7 December 1941, "HA. 19" was launched from "I-24" with a broken gyrocompass. The crew had four-and-a-half hours to reach Pearl Harbor, and attempted to fix the compass en route.
"HA. 19" approached the harbor entrance, but impaired by the malfunctioning compass, she hit a reef three times and grounded on the right side of the entrance at 08:00. With the main attack underway, the stranded submarine was spotted at 08:17 by the destroyer . Inagaki dived the submarine, and when he resurfaced at 08:19, the destroyer spotted her again and fired, missing but blasting "HA. 19" off the reef, knocking Sakamaki unconscious. Inagaki dived once more to escape.
When Sakamaki regained consciousness, the crew made another attempt to enter the harbor. The grounding had damaged the vessel so she could not fire one of her torpedoes. "HA. 19" was slowly flooding and the batteries were giving off fumes from being in contact with seawater. Attempting to enter the harbor they hit the reef again and reversed for another attempt. On the next try, she grounded again, but came free after adjusting the ballast. On the final attempt, "HA. 19" was depth charged, which disabled her ability to fire the other torpedo and damaged the periscope. 
The crew decided to abort the attack and return to "I-24" near Lanai. The fumes given off by the batteries finally overcame them and "HA. 19" was carried by the currents. The crew awoke to find it was night, and they planned to beach the submarine at Waimānalo. The engine died and she grounded on an offshore reef. Sakamaki ordered Inagaki to abandon ship while he set the explosive scuttling charge and followed suit. The charge failed to detonate, likely from being immersed in seawater. Sakamaki managed to swim through the surf to shore where he collapsed and was captured the next day; however, Inagaki drowned and his body washed ashore the next day.
Capture.
"HA. 19" was given the American designation of "Midget C", the third letter of the alphabet, being the third midget submarine spotted by American forces. On 8 December 1941, the abandoned "HA. 19" was bombed by United States Army aircraft. The bombs missed and she broke free and washed on to the beach. In the days following the attack she was pulled out of the sea with the aid of an Army tractor. "HA. 19" was built to be disassembled into three parts, and this characteristic was utilized to dismantle her without destroying the vessel. She was transported to the Naval Submarine Base Pearl Harbor and examined, yielding technical data and various documents. It was determined that most of the damage to "HA. 19" was a result of the multiple groundings.
Exhibit.
"HA. 19" was sent to the U.S. mainland in September 1942 where she went on war bond tours. She was at Navy Pier, Chicago, Illinois when the war ended.
On 20 January 1947, "HA. 19" was put on outdoor display at Naval Station Key West, Key West, Florida. On 2 December 1964, she was loaned to the Key West Art and Historical Association and moved to an outdoor exhibit at the Key West Lighthouse and Military Museum adjacent to Key West Light. On 30 June 1989, "HA. 19" was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places, and was declared a U.S. National Historic Landmark.
In 1990, the association administering the Key West museum decided to transition their facility to a strictly lighthouse museum and began divesting itself of its military collections. In 1991, "HA. 19" was moved to Fredericksburg, Texas to become part of the National Museum of the Pacific War at the Admiral Nimitz State Historic Site. That same year, Sakamaki attended a historical conference at the museum and was reunited with his submarine.

</doc>
<doc id="6931289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931289" title="Evolutionary Rapid Development">
Evolutionary Rapid Development



</doc>
<doc id="6931291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931291" title="New Zealand sprat">
New Zealand sprat

The New Zealand sprat ("Sprattus muelleri") is a herring-like, marine fish in the family Clupeidae found in the subtropical southwest Pacific Ocean endemic to New Zealand. It belongs to a genus "Sprattus" of small oily fish, usually known by their common name, sprats.
Its depth range is from the surface to 110 m, and its length is up to 13 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="6931292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931292" title="Modulated ultrasound">
Modulated ultrasound

Modulated ultrasound is a technique for the transmission of audio information, comparable to radio. Ultrasound can be modulated to carry an audio signal (as radio signals are modulated). It is usually used to carry messages underwater at ranges under five miles. 
The received ultrasound signal is decoded into audible sound by a modulated-ultrasound receiver. A modulated ultrasound receiver is a device that receives a modulated ultrasound signal and decodes it for use as sound, navigational-position information, etc. Its function is somewhat like that of a radio receiver. 
Applications include use in underwater diving communicators as well as communication with submarines.
Range limitation.
Due to the absorption characteristics of seawater, ultrasound (sound at frequencies greater than human hearing, or approximately greater than 20,000 hertz) is not used for long-range underwater communications. The higher the frequency, the faster the sound is absorbed by the seawater, and the more quickly the signal fades. For this reason, most underwater "telephones" either operate in "baseband" mode (at the same frequency as the voice and is basically a loudspeaker), in a "UQC-1" mode (as defined in MIL-C-15240D) with a modulated carrier of 7,500 Hz, or in "UQC-2" mode (as defined in MIL-C-22509) from around 8,500 hertz to approximately 12,000 hertz, or in the later "WQC-2" mode from 8,500 hertz to approximately 100,000 hertz - with most use around 32,500 hertz) (Also see NATO STANAG-1074 ED.4 for descriptions of internationally used frequencies.)

</doc>
<doc id="6931295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931295" title="Sprattus fuegensis">
Sprattus fuegensis



</doc>
<doc id="6931297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931297" title="Congressional District of Pasig City">
Congressional District of Pasig City



</doc>
<doc id="6931298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931298" title="Brand new">
Brand new



</doc>
<doc id="6931299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931299" title="Keene Valley, New York">
Keene Valley, New York



</doc>
<doc id="6931300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931300" title="Ma Yuehliang">
Ma Yuehliang



</doc>
<doc id="6931302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931302" title="Lone District of Pasig City">
Lone District of Pasig City



</doc>
<doc id="6931303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931303" title="St. Huberts, New York">
St. Huberts, New York



</doc>
<doc id="6931304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931304" title="Errors of fact">
Errors of fact



</doc>
<doc id="6931312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931312" title="Peggy Moffitt">
Peggy Moffitt

Margaret Moffitt (October 2, 1937 – August 10, 2024) was an American model and actress. During the 1960s, she worked very closely with fashion designer Rudi Gernreich, and developed a signature style that featured heavy makeup and an asymmetrical haircut. As an actress, she had a number of bit parts in various films, including as a fashion model in Antonioni's 1966 film "Blowup".
Early life and education.
Margaret Moffitt was born in Los Angeles on October 2, 1937, the daughter of screenwriter Jack and Mary (née Came) Moffitt.
She grew up in the city's Hancock Park neighborhood and attended the Marlborough School.
She moved to New York City after graduation, where she studied at the Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre in the 1950s. There she was taught by Sydney Pollack and Martha Graham and studied alongside Robert Duvall and Suzanne Pleshette.
Career.
Acting.
While still a student in New York in the 1950s, Moffitt had a short-term contract at Paramount Pictures, and appeared in supporting and sometimes uncredited roles in movies with name stars. Her acting career began with an uncredited role in the 1955 film "You're Never Too Young", with Jerry Lewis. She returned to Los Angeles to begin her acting career in Hollywood, and had parts in "Meet Me in Las Vegas" with Cyd Charisse; "Up Periscope" (1956) with James Garner; and "Girls Town" (1959); with Mamie Van Doren and Mel Tormé.
In 1966 she appeared in fashion photographer William Klein's 1966 mockumentary, "Who Are You, Polly Maggoo?". In the same year, she played a bit part as a fashion model in Michelangelo Antonioni's famous "Swinging Sixties" film "Blowup", filmed in London and starring David Hemmings.
On television, she appeared on "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour", "Alcoa Theatre", and the 1960s "Batman" series.
Modeling.
Moffitt first began modeling in Paris in the 1950s.
During the 1960s, she developed a signature style, including false eyelashes and heavy eye makeup. Her hairstyle, an asymmetrical bowl cut, created by Vidal Sassoon, became known as the "five point". Her unique look became an icon of the 1960s fashion scene.
Gernreich collaborated with Moffitt and her husband, photographer William Claxton. The three became "a dynamic and inseparable trio." "Without Rudi I would have been a gifted and innovative model," explained Moffitt in "The Rudi Gernreich Book". "Without me he would have been an avant-garde designer of genius. We made each other better. We were each other's catalyst... It was fun, it was invigorating, it was a true collaboration, and yes, it was love." Moffitt was later described as his muse.
Monokini.
Gernreich first conceived of a topless swimsuit in December 1962, but didn't intend to produce the design commercially. It had more meaning to Gernreich as an idea than as a reality. Gernreich had Moffitt model the suit in person for Diana Vreeland of "Vogue", who asked him why he conceived of the design. Gernreich told her he felt it was time for "freedom-in fashion as well as every other facet of life," but that the swimsuit was just a statement. "[Women] drop their bikini tops already," he said, "so it seemed like the natural next step." She told him, "If there's a picture of it, it's an actuality. You must make it." Gernreich decided to call his design a monokini. When a photo shoot was arranged on Montego Bay in Jamaica, all five models hired for the session refused to wear the design. The photographer finally persuaded an adventurous local to model it.
To avoid sensationalizing the design, Moffitt, her husband and photographer, William Claxton, and Gernreich decided to publish their own pictures for the fashion press and news media. Moffitt was initially resistant to the idea of posing topless, and afraid the photograph and ensuing coverage could get out of control. She said,
"Look" was the first to publish, after "LIFE" refused, a rear view of Moffitt modeling the swimsuit on June 2, 1964, and the following day columnist Carol Bjorkman of "Women's Wear Daily" published a frontal view picture of Moffitt wearing the suit. The photograph became a world-wide news event. It became a celebrated image of the extremism of 1960s designs. Moffitt later said, "It was a political statement. It wasn't meant to be worn in public."
Moffitt tired of the single-minded attention to the images of her modeling the Monokini. In 2012, she said of the image, "The shot seen around the world. Think of something in your life that took 1/60th of a second to do. Now, imagine having to spend the rest of your life talking about it. I think it's a beautiful photograph, but oh, am I tired of talking about it."
Later work.
In 1985, the Los Angeles Fashion Group staged a Gernreich retrospective, "Looking Back at a Futurist." They wanted a woman to model the monokini, but Moffitt loudly objected because she felt it would exploit Gernreich's intentions. After Gernreich's death, she retained legal rights to his designs and arranged for his designs to be displayed in an exhibition titled "The Total Look: The Creative Collaboration Between Rudi Gernreich, Peggy Moffitt, and William Claxton" at the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art's Pacific Design Center. She also collaborated with Marylou Luther and her husband to release a comprehensive book chronicling Gernreich's designs.
Personal life and death.
Moffitt married photographer William Claxton in 1959. The couple had a son, Christopher, in 1973. They remained married until Claxton's death in October 2008.
Moffitt died from complications of dementia at her home in Beverly Hills, California, on August 10, 2024, at the age of 86. She was interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Hollywood Hills).
In popular culture.
Boyd Rice and Giddle Partridge released a limited edition vinyl recording called "Going Steady With Peggy Moffitt" in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="6931316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931316" title="Ilha Grande">
Ilha Grande

Ilha Grande (), or "big island", is a forested island located around 12 km (7.5 mi) off of the Atlantic coast of Angra dos Reis, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and about 243 km (151 mi) from São Paulo. The highest point on Ilha Grande is the tall Pico da Pedra D'Água. 
History.
For almost a century, the Brazilian government declared the island off-limits, banning unauthorized entry, as it had contained an immigration quarantine station and, later, a maximum-security prison ("Colônia Penal de Dois Rios", later known as "Instituto Penal Cândido Mendes"). The Cândido Mendes Penal Colony, which housed some of the most dangerous offenders in Brazil, was closed in 1994. 
On 1 January 2010, devastating mudslides killed at least 19 people on the island.
On 5 July 2019, Ilha Grande and Paraty were inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Environment.
Ilha Grande and Paraty are contained within the of Tamoios Environmental Protection Area (APA), created in 1982.
The main island (and APA) contains the Aventureiro Sustainable Development Reserve, created in 2014 from the former Aventureiro Marine State Park, which was integrated with the Praia do Sul Biological Reserve.
62.5% of the island is covered by the Ilha Grande State Park, giving a total of 87% of the island protected status.
Wildlife.
Ilha Grande is one of the most pristine examples of Brazil's endangered Atlantic rainforest habitat, containing a multitude of species of plants and animals. A hotspot for biodiversity and conservation, Ilha Grande is home to at least 110 resident and migratory avian species, including Magellanic penguins and red-ruffed fruitcrows. The island has been designated an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports significant populations of solitary tinamous, white-necked hawks, red-browed amazons, unicolored antwrens, cinnamon-vented pihas, bare-throated bellbirds, and azure-shouldered and black-backed tanagers.
There are at least 20 species of mammals, from capybara and coatimundi to primates, such as common and black-tufted marmosets and brown howler monkeys. Smaller animals, such as rodents and carnivores, include gray slender and big-eared opossums, Brazilian squirrel, crab-eating fox and raccoon, red-rumped agouti and the hairy dwarf porcupine. Several species of bat also inhabit caves on the island, mainly from the "Artibeus", "Molossus" and "Saccopteryx" genera, emerging at sunset to feed on swarms of flying insects.
At least 40-50 species of reptiles and amphibians can be found on the island, including the Argentine black-and-white tegu, Brazilian torrent frog, Bocaina tree frog, broad-snouted caiman, chicken snakes, "Chironius", "Dipsas" and "Echinanthera" snakes, garden tree boa, geckos, "Imantodes" snakes, Jackson's and Brazilian fathead anoles, lava lizards, mabuya, painted coralsnake, smallhead worm lizards and the venomous Yarará lancehead. Invertebrates and arthropods number in the hundreds, with at least 400-500 species identified on Ilha Grande.
The seas around the island, which are also a protected marine reserve, feature a unique convergence of tropical equatorial, subtropical and temperate currents, enabling one to see corals, tropical fish, sharks, hawksbill sea turtles and cetaceans, such as the southern right whale, humpback whale, Bryde's whale, orca and rough-toothed dolphins.
Access.
Most of the visitor facilities, lodging and the park headquarters are located at Vila do Abraão. The village may be reached from the mainland by local ferries. The island is an ecotourism destination. Although it has no roads and motorised vehicles are banned, the island has more than of hiking trails connecting the coastal villages and hamlets. A common activity for visitors is to trek to Lopes Mendes beach, about a two-hour hike from Vila do Abraão. Travel companies offer trips to see the island's various beaches, mountains trails and waterfalls.
A popular outdoor destination, the island remains largely undeveloped as much of the area falls within Ilha Grande State Park ("Parque Estadual da Ilha Grande"). Thus, the remainder of the island is subject to stringent development restrictions in order to preserve the natural environment; vehicles are not permitted and roads are virtually non-existent. For visitors there are several options for reaching and staying on the island. Several small villas and hamlets cater to researchers, tourists and nature-lovers, and around 2,000 people inhabit the largest town on the island, Vila do Abraão.

</doc>
<doc id="6931317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931317" title="I-85 (VA)">
I-85 (VA)



</doc>
<doc id="6931320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931320" title="Crumlin Road Courthouse">
Crumlin Road Courthouse

The Crumlin Road Courthouse is a former judicial facility on Crumlin Road in Belfast, Northern Ireland. It is a Grade B+ listed building.
History.
The building, which was designed by the architect, Charles Lanyon, in the Neoclassical style, was completed in 1850. It was built just across the road from the Crumlin Road Gaol which had opened a few years earlier and to which it was connected by an underground passage. The design involved a symmetrical main frontage with fifteen bays facing onto Crumlin Road; the central section featured a hexastyle portico with Corinthian order columns supporting an entablature and a pediment containing the Royal coat of arms. A sculpture representing justice by William Boyton Kirk was installed at the apex of the pediment.
The building was originally used as a facility for dispensing justice but, following the implementation of the Local Government (Ireland) Act 1898, which established county councils in every county, it also became the meeting place for Antrim County Council. The building was enlarged to the designs of architects, Young and Mackenzie, in 1906. In the 1960s, county leaders decided that the courthouse was too cramped to accommodate the county council in the context of the county council's increasing administrative responsibilities, especially while the courthouse was still acting as a facility for dispensing justice, and therefore chose to move to new premises at County Hall in Ballymena in 1970.
Pending the opening of the Laganside Courts Complex, judicial hearings were temporarily transferred to other courts to allow the Crumlin Road Courthouse to close in June 1998. The Crumlin Road Courthouse was sold to local investor Barry Gilligan in September 2003 for £1. His plans for the courthouse included redeveloping it as a tourist attraction and a hotel. The courthouse suffered significant damage in a fire on 12 March 2009 and in two fires in August 2009.
After the former Crumlin Road Gaol building directly across the road became a visitor attraction in November 2012, there was extensive discussion about as to how the area could be regenerated. In March 2017, Lawrence Kenwright, from the Signature Living Group, bought the courthouse site and announced plans to convert the building into a hotel. The building was further damaged in yet another large fire on 1 June 2020. In 2024, the courthouse was purchased by property developer and Donegal Orange Order Grand Master, David Mahon. Potential new uses reportedly include a hotel or a hospital. The building is pending redevelopment. 

</doc>
<doc id="6931324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931324" title="Oath Bound">
Oath Bound

Oath Bound is the sixth full-length album by Summoning. Not counting certain pieces from the soundtrack of "The Lord of the Rings", "Mirdautas Vras" is the first song ever to be written entirely in the Black Speech of Mordor. The songs "Might and Glory" and "Land of the Dead" both feature a self-sung choir chorus similar to that which was used on the "Let Mortal Heroes Sing Your Fame" song "Farewell". Being 21 seconds longer than "Dol Guldur", this album was Summoning's longest release before the release of the version of "Old Mornings Dawn" containing bonus tracks. It also contains the band's longest song, "Land of the Dead".
Track listing.
All songs written by Protector and Silenius, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="6931326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931326" title="List of british monarchs">
List of british monarchs



</doc>
<doc id="6931338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931338" title="Pyriproxyfen">
Pyriproxyfen

Pyriproxyfen is a pesticide which is found to be effective against a variety of insects. It was introduced to the US in 1996, to protect cotton crops against whitefly. It has also been found useful for protecting other crops. It is also used as a prevention for flea control on household pets, for killing indoor and outdoor ants and roaches. Methods of application include aerosols, bait, carpet powders, foggers, shampoos and pet collars.
Pyriproxyfen is a juvenile hormone analog (IRAC group 7C) and an insect growth regulator. It prevents larvae from developing into adulthood and thus rendering them unable to reproduce.
In the US, pyriproxyfen is often marketed under the trade name Nylar, and is one of two active ingredients in Advantage II. In Europe, pyriproxyfen is known under the brand names Cyclio (Virbac) and Exil Flea Free TwinSpot (Emax).
Toxicity in mammals.
Pyriproxyfen has low acute toxicity. According to WHO and FAO, at elevated doses exceeding 5000 mg/kg of body weight, pyriproxyfen affects the liver in mice, rats and dogs. It also changes cholesterol levels, and may cause modest anemia at high doses.
Rumor of link to microcephaly outbreak in Brazil.
Starting in 2014, pyriproxifen was put into Brazilian water supplies to fight the proliferation of mosquito larvae. This is in line with the World Health Organization (WHO)'s Pesticide Evaluation Scheme (WHOPES) for larvicides. In January 2016, the Brazilian Association for Collective Health ("Abrasco"; ) criticized the introduction of pyriproxyfen in Brazil. Abrasco demanded the "immediate suspension of [use of] pyriproxyfen and all growth inhibitors ... in drinking water." The organization is opposed to the use of growth inhibitors in the context of an ongoing outbreak of fetal malformation.
On February 3, the rumor that pyriproxyfen, not the Zika virus, is the cause of the 2015-2016 microcephaly outbreak in Brazil was raised in a report of the Argentinean organization Physicians in the Crop-Sprayed Villages (PCST). It attracted wide media coverage.
The statement from Abrasco was cited in the PCST report; subsequently, Abrasco clarified that position as a misinterpretation of their statement, saying "at no time did we state that pesticides, insecticides, or other chemicals are responsible for the increasing number of microcephaly cases in Brazil". They also condemned the behavior of the websites that spread the misinformation, adding that such "untruths...violates the anguish and suffering of the people in vulnerable positions". In addition, the coordinator for the PCST statement, Medardo Ávila Vazquez, acknowledged in an interview that "the group hasn't done any lab studies or epidemiological research to support its assertions, but it argues that using larvicides may cause human deformities."
On February 13, the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul suspended pyriproxyfen's use, citing both Abrasco and PCST positions. The Health Minister of Brazil, Marcelo Castro, criticized this step, noting that the claim is "a rumor lacking logic and sense. It has no basis." They also noted that the insecticide is approved by the National Sanitary Monitoring Agency and "all regulatory agencies in the whole world". The manufacturer of the insecticide, Sumitomo Chemical, stated "there is no scientific basis for such a claim" and also referred to the approval of pyriproxyfen by the World Health Organization since 2004 and the United States Environmental Protection Agency since 2001.
George Dimech, the director of Disease Control and Diseases of the Health Department of Pernambuco in Brazil, gave an interview to the BBC where he pointed out that the city of Recife has the current highest reported number of cases of microcephaly, yet pyriproxyfen is not used in the region, but another insecticide altogether. He added that "this lack of spatial correlation weakens the idea that the larvicide is the cause of the problem." In addition, the BBC interviewed researchers in Pernambuco, where no evidence has been found of the cases being linked to any environmental cause like an insecticide. Neurologist Vanessa van der Linden stated in an interview, "Clinically, the changes we see in the scans of babies suggest that the injuries were caused by congenital infection and not by larvicide, drug or vaccine."
Noted skeptic David Gorski called the claim a conspiracy theory and pointed out that antivaccine proponents had also claimed that the Tdap vaccine was the cause of the microcephaly outbreak, due to its introduction in 2014, along with adding, "One can't help but wonder what else the Brazilian Ministry of Health did in 2014 that cranks can blame microcephaly on." Gorski also pointed out the extensive physiochemical understanding of pyriproxyfen coded in the WHO Guidelines for Drinking-water Quality, which concluded in a past evaluation that the insecticide is not genotoxic, and that the doctor organization making the claim has been advocating against all pesticides since 2010, complicating their reliability.
A professor from the University of Adelaide in Australia, stated that "The effect of pyriproxyfen on reproduction and fetal abnormalities is well studied in animals. In a variety of animal species even enormous quantities of pyriproxyfen do not cause the defects seen during the recent Zika outbreak." A colleague also from the University of Adelaide stated that "While the evidence that Zika virus is responsible for the rise in microcephaly in Brazil is not conclusive, the role of pyriproxyfen is simply not plausible." Another professor in Australia concluded that "insect development is quite different to human development and involves different hormones, developmental pathways and sets of genes, so it cannot be assumed that chemicals affecting insect development also influence mammalian development."

</doc>
<doc id="6931339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931339" title="Harry Lee Doll">
Harry Lee Doll

Harry Lee Doll (July 31, 1903 – August 27, 1984), was bishop of the Episcopal diocese of Maryland during the turmoil concerning civil rights for minorities and women in the 1960s.
Early and Family Life.
A native of Martinsburg, West Virginia, Doll graduated from the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, and then received a degree in theology after studies at the Virginia Theological Seminary, in Alexandria, Virginia.
He married Delia Gould Doll, a native of Alabama and described as "the personification of a Southern lady", in 1933, and they had three daughters.
Career.
He was ordained deacon in October, 1932 by Bishop William Loyall Gravatt of West Virginia, and priest in June, 1933 by Bishop Robert E. L. Strider Sr. Coadjutor of Maryland. After ordination, Doll served as assistant rector at Epiphany Episcopal Church in Washington, D.C., then became rector of Christ Church, Alexandria, Virginia, and rector of a large parish in Houston, Texas, before accepting a call as rector of Old St. Paul's, Baltimore, Maryland in 1942. In 1955 Doll was elected and consecrated suffragan bishop for the Diocese of Maryland and served in that position for five years before being elected coadjutor to the popular Rt.Rev. Noble C. Powell. Five years later, Bishop Doll succeeded Bishop Powell upon his retirement.
A strong supporter of civil rights, open housing and community revitalization, Bishop Doll joined with Baltimore's Catholic Cardinal Lawrence Shehan in 1966 to publicly support open housing legislation in testimony before the City Council, despite boos and jeers from the public gallery. A friend and supporter of Presiding Bishop John Hines, Doll also became a visible proponent of the controversial General Convention Special Program, which responded to poverty and injustice in America's ghettos.
Along with Cardinal Shehan (with whom he worked closely on many issues) and the President of St. Mary's Seminary and University, in 1968 Bishop Doll founded Baltimore's Ecumenical Institute, and continued as a trustee. Bishop Doll also served as President of the Maryland Council of Churches.
Rt.Rev. Doll retired in 1971 and was succeeded by David Keller Leighton, Sr., although he continued active in Episcopal Church affairs, including the revision to the Book of Common Prayer adopted in 1979. He also strongly supported the ordination of women to the priesthood, and one of his daughters became a priest, Rev. Mary Chotard Doll.
Death and legacy.
Oddly, Bishop Doll died within hours of his longtime friend Cardinal Shehan, and their funerals were held on the same day; Rt.Rev. John E. Hines delivered the sermon at Bishop Doll's funeral.
He is buried with his wife in St. Thomas Church's cemetery in Owings Mills, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="6931345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931345" title="Izzy León">
Izzy León

Isidoro León Becerra (January 4, 1911 – July 25, 2002) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1945. The 34-year-old rookie was a native of Cruces, Cuba.
León is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on June 21, 1945, in a home game against the Brooklyn Dodgers at Shibe Park. He was the starting and losing pitcher in a 9–2 defeat. Cy Buker was the winning pitcher. León's final big league appearance was on September 16. He was released by Philadelphia on February 26, 1946.
Season and career totals include 14 games pitched, 4 starts, 0 complete games, a 0–4 record with 4 games finished, 23 earned runs allowed in 38 innings, and an ERA of 5.35.
In 1948, he played for the New York Cubans of the Negro National League.
León died at the age of 91 in Miami, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="6931349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931349" title="Independant National Party (Luxembourg)">
Independant National Party (Luxembourg)



</doc>
<doc id="6931355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931355" title="Aztec Brewing Company">
Aztec Brewing Company

Aztec Brewing Company (also known as Aztec Brewery) was a regional brewery founded in Mexicali, Mexico, in 1921, which moved to San Diego, California, in 1933. It closed in 1953, and was revived as a brand in 2011. It is the only brewing company ever to move from Mexico to the United States.
History.
Baja California.
In 1921, San Diego businessmen Edward P. Baker and Herbert Jaffe, and brewing engineer William H. Strouse opened Cervecera Azteca, SA, in Mexicali, the capital city of the Mexican state of Baja California, since Prohibition disallowed them to manufacture, sell or transport alcohol in the United States.
The brewery was destroyed by a fire in 1927, but was rebuilt at the same site.
During the 1920s, Aztec competed with Cerveceria Mexicali (Mexicali Brewery) for market share in Baja California, especially in Tijuana where Americans were traveling during Prohibition for legal alcohol consumption. 
Aztec’s flagship brew was Famous A.B.C. Beer, a pale lager. The company also brewed a dark beer. A.B.C. Beer won a gold medal at the Exposición Ibero-Americana (Ibero-American Exposition of 1929) in Seville, Spain. This led to the inclusion of the word "Famous" in the name.
Strouse was later chief engineer for the San Diego Brewing Company, and was also instrumental in founding, with Alberto V. Aldrete Sr., the Tecate Brewery in Tecate, Mexico in 1943. Strouse later returned to Aztec Brewery until his death in 1944.
Move to San Diego (1933–1947).
With the end of Prohibition in 1933, a new brewery was built in San Diego and the entire operation moved to the new location soon afterward. The new brewery was located at 2301 Main St. in the Barrio Logan neighborhood. The building was a former plant for the Savage Tire Company. Approximately $450,000 was spent in purchasing the property and remodeling the building so that it could be converted into a brewery. It had a 100,000 barrel per year capacity and a refrigerated cellar with capacity for 4,000 barrels. It had one of the largest bottling plants of its kind at the time with a system that could wash, rinse, sterilize and fill 100 bottles per minute. Although the main brand, A.B.C., was kept, it was reformulated by then brewmaster A. Bud Daniels. The word “Supreme” was added to the label. Former workers of the company later stated that the reformulation was necessary and that the original beer had a “skunky” flavor. The label continued to refer to the beer as “Famous” even though it was no longer the same recipe that had won the gold medal.
Aztec Brewing grew quickly. Within three months, it went from seventeenth place to third place in sales west of the Rocky Mountains. Aztec began producing beer in cans in 1936. The early conetop cans from the 1930s and 1940s are highly sought after by collectors today, as are other products from the company. Edward Baker also purchased a stake in the Arizona Brewing Company of Phoenix in 1934, but the two companies were never merged.
Aztec quickly had a new rival – San Diego Brewing Company, which had originally opened in 1897, but had closed in 1920 for the duration of Prohibition. It reopened in 1935 and continued until 1942. The brewery should not be confused with the current San Diego Brewing Company brewpub that opened in the 1990s.
Keeping track of the number of beer brands Aztec made is difficult, because with a minimum order of 500 cases, the company would put any label on its bottles for the customer. But some of the surviving examples of labels for the company include A.B.C., A.B.C. Bock, A.B.C. Old Ale, A.B.C. Old Stout, A.B.C. Pale Ale, Associated, Aztec, Black Eagle, Bulldog, Casa Mia, Del Mar Pale Ale, Dutch Lunch, Excel, Great Seal, Majestic, Old Coin, Old Dutch Ale, Red Spot, and Spotlight. A.B.C. Beer’s primary markets were San Diego, Los Angeles, Long Beach, and parts of Arizona. However, the beer was also distributed to New Mexico, Nevada, Oregon and Hawaii as well.
Rathskeller.
Photographs of the 1933 San Diego brewery show a modern facility with a very colorful tasting room, known as the rathskeller. The rathskeller was lavishly decorated and covered in murals painted by renowned Spanish artist Jose Moya del Piño, who also oversaw the decorations in the room. The murals on the wall depict various scenes of Aztecs. Decorations in the rathskeller included, "painted and carved tables and chairs and ceiling beams, chandeliers, tiled mahogany cabinets, stained glass windows and doors, and a 9-foot replica of the Aztec calendar". Coincidentally, among other works by Moya del Piño are murals painted for the Acme Brewing Company of San Francisco in 1935. The Acme Brewing Company building and rathskeller was demolished in 1990, however the Moya del Pino murals were moved and currently live at the Logan Heights Library in San Diego.
Sale and closure.
In 1948, Aztec was purchased by the Altes Brewing Company of Detroit. Altes had originally been the Tivoli Brewing Company, but was renamed after its most popular beer. Edward P. Baker remained at Altes as a director of the new company. For whatever reason, Altes did not continue brewing the popular ABC Beer. Altes focused on its brands Altes, Altes “Brisk,” Altes Golden Lager and 7-11. Instead, the Famous ABC Beer brand was purchased by the Maier Brewing Company of Los Angeles and brewed there until at least 1957.
Altes was bought by the National Brewing Company of Baltimore, Md., which closed the San Diego brewery in 1953. The building was subsequently used by Rohr Aircraft Corporation and later by Dorman’s Tire Company. The building was torn down by the city of San Diego in 1989 when it was deemed the building was unsafe by earthquake standards. However, the murals and other items from the Rathskeller were deemed by the community as valuable historical items, and the city of San Diego had them removed and stored for future display in a project in the neighborhood.
With the closure of Aztec Brewery, there was no local commercially brewed beer in San Diego County for 34 years, until the Bolt Brewery opened in 1987 in Fallbrook, California.
Revival of Aztec Brewing Company.
In 2008, John Webster discovered the brand and began bringing it back to life with his partner, Claudia Faulk, and son Tristan Faulk-Webster. Webster learned about Aztec Brewing Company while researching old California beer brands for a line of T-shirts he was designing. Recognizing the potential the name and historic brand had in the San Diego area he secured the U. S. trademark rights and with his partner Claudia Faulk, set about reviving the brand as a modern craft brewery. In 2010, they joined forces with Robert Esposito. A year later they opened a small production brewery with tap room in Vista, California. 
The revival of Aztec Brewing Company opened on August 29, 2011 in the Vista Business Park. Vista is home to twelve craft breweries, including Mother Earth Brew Co., Iron Fist Brewing Co., Toolbox Brewing, Booze Brothers Brewing Co., and Latitude 33 Brewing Co. The company operates a tasting room at its brewery. In 2012, Paul Naylor came on board as brewer. Robert Esposito left the company in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="6931357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931357" title="Löblich &amp; Co.">
Löblich &amp; Co.

Löblich &amp; Co., full name Löblich &amp; Co. Kessel- und Apparatebau KG, is the name of one of the oldest operating companies in Austria (EU). Löblich &amp; Co. was founded as a coppersmith's workshop in the old city of Vienna in 1738 and is today operating in the fields of gas heating and professional kitchens as well as real estate development. The headquarters is in Vienna.
History.
The company was founded on 20 August 1738 by Josef Krottenthaller in Vienna as a coppersmith. After his death, his wife Eva continued to run the business for 14 years. His five daughters then inherited the smithy, hiring Johann Georg Wolf as managing director, who finally took over the business in its entirety on 19 December 1802. The son of his sister Katharina and the cellar master Ferdinand Löblich, Leopold Löblich (* 1795) took over the business on 20 July 1823 after the death of his uncle. Leopold Löblich was a master coppersmith from 1814 and had been working in the company since 23 June 1810. The company is still owned by the descendants of the Löblich family.
The company experienced a major upswing in the 19th century under the leadership of Franz Löblich (1827-1897), the second son of Leopold Löblich, who developed from a craft business into a manufacturer of copper tableware, heating and cooking appliances. During his time, production was relocated to Nußdorfer Straße station in 1860.
Famous personalities, VIPs and institutions, such as the emperors of the K.u.K. Austro-Hungarian Monarchy, state presidents, prime minister and cabinet ministers of the Federal Austrian Republic, as well as governments, from a number of states in Europe, Africa and Asia, but also artists have since a long time been amongst the clients of Löblich &amp; Co..
From 1858, Löblich supplied copper tableware to the imperial court, which needed tinned moulds for the court confectionery and the court kitchens. Franz Löblich was finally appointed purveyor to the imperial and royal court in 1893 and Court supplier in 1893.
Under Leopold Löblich (III.), the son of Franz Löblich, chairman of the Imperial and Royal Coppersmiths' Association, production was reorganised at the beginning of the 20th century and stainless steel production was introduced in Austria in the 1920s and 30s for commercial kitchens and the production of catering equipment. This was initially due to a shortage of copper as a result of the First World War. Subsequently, the change of material born out of this necessity was used to advantage and the new stainless steel alloys introduced by Löblich considerably increased the durability of cooking kettles.
Leopold Löblich (III.) received support from his nephews Franz and Max after 1929. In the period before the Second World War, the cooking utensils and catering machines produced by Löblich were distributed internationally to a considerable extent for a small Austrian company, for example the samovars for the Trans-Siberian Railway or the steam-powered coffee brewer 'Mustapha', which was awarded a gold medal at the World Exhibition in Paris in 1937.
During the Second World War, the company received orders from the Wehrmacht to equip kitchens and military hospitals. Due to fighting in Vienna in 1945, the majority of the company archive was burnt.
After the Second World War, Austria's first gas boilers and water heaters were developed under KR Ing. Maximilian Leopold Loeblich, and the first wall-mounted gas heating appliances were also built. In the 1950s, Löblich shifted its focus from commercial kitchen technology to the production of boilers for town gas, later natural gas, which became the company's most important business area until the 1970s. In the 1980s and 1990s, under the management of Adolf Löblich and Max Wolfgang Löblich, there was a gradual shift towards sales partnerships, wholesale and service activities.
Under engineer Max W. Löblich, the import for large French and Italian heating manufacturers was taken over. In the heating appliance export sector, the reference projects range from Austria's neighboring countries (Hungary, Slovenia) to Africa (Algeria). In the catering technology sector, Adolf Löblich and Markus Seiller-Tarbuk exported a large number of commercial kitchens to hospitals and hotels worldwide (for example to Zambia, Egypt, Libya, Ceylon, Indonesia and the Philippines). With their nephew Markus Seiller-Tarbuk, the sixth generation - in direct line - of the entrepreneurial family has now been active in the management of the company since 1823.
As part of a reorganization in 1999, parts of the business were closed down and the heating technology and catering technology divisions were concentrated, with large-scale catering projects, primarily in Africa, South East Asia and East Asia, supplementing activities on the domestic market. In the domestic market, the company is concentrating on the gas heating and commercial kitchen technology business areas. A separate division of the Group is property development with a focus on commercial properties. The company's many years of experience with the specific requirements of properties for production, workshops, offices and warehousing operations served to establish a new mainstay, the development of commercial properties for warehouses and workshops in a separate real estate company.
Trivia.
The Viennese have a special nickname for the ever-present, Löblich-servicecars in the city:
"Zitronenbomber" - lemon-bomber, which refers to the bright yellow colour of the fast driving small trucks.

</doc>
<doc id="6931362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931362" title="Free State Cup">
Free State Cup



</doc>
<doc id="6931370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931370" title="Independence Township">
Independence Township

Independence Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6931375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931375" title="Mark Donskoy">
Mark Donskoy

Mark Semyonovich Donskoy (21 March 1981) was a Soviet film director, screenwriter, and studio administrative head.
Biography.
Mark Donskoy was born in Odessa in a Jewish family. During the Civil War, he served in the Red Army (1921-1923), and was held captive by the White Russians for ten months. After he was freed, he was discharged from military service.
He studied psychology and psychiatry at the Crimean Medical School. In 1925, he graduated from the legal department of the Faculty of Social Sciences of the Crimean M.V. Frunze University in Simferopol. He worked in investigative bodies, in the Supreme Court of the Ukrainian SSR, and the bar association. He published a collection of short stories drawn from his life called "Prisoners" (1925).
Donskoy began his career in film in 1926. He worked in the script department, but soon advanced as an assistant director in Moscow. Later, he worked in Leningrad as an editing assistant. In 1935, he became the first Soviet dubbing director; he dubbed the American film "The Invisible Man". 
Following this, he directed numerous films. He also worked from time to time as a studio administrator: in 1938–1941, and in 1945-1955 he was the administrative director of Soyuzdetfilm's film studio in Moscow; in 1942-1945 and in 1955-1957 he was director of the Kiev film studio; after 1957, he was director and art director of the Maxim Gorky film studio where he mentored Ousmane Sembène.
His wife was the screenwriter (19181983).

</doc>
<doc id="6931387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931387" title="Tasty (album)">
Tasty (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6931402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931402" title="State Route 79 (Virginia 1960s)">
State Route 79 (Virginia 1960s)



</doc>
<doc id="6931403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931403" title="Pay to Cum">
Pay to Cum

"Pay to Cum" (titled "Pay to Cum!" on the record cover) is the debut single by Washington, D.C.–based hardcore punk band Bad Brains. It was released in June 1980 on Bad Brain Records. The single was recorded in New York City by Jimi Quidd at his Dots Studios.
The A-side to the original single was "Pay to Cum", while the flipside was "Stay Close to Me", identified as Side 1. The original 7" had no B-side or Side 2.
Reception.
"Trouser Press" called it a "memorable ... 1:33 of free-fire guitar rage" that established Bad Brains' "mastery" of hardcore punk.
In 2007, "Filter" magazine called it "one of the fastest, most furious songs ever recorded".
In popular culture.
The song was featured in the 1985 film "After Hours", directed by Martin Scorsese. It was later featured during the opening credits of the 2006 documentary "American Hardcore".
Personnel.
Production

</doc>
<doc id="6931408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931408" title="Réservoir de Caniapiscau">
Réservoir de Caniapiscau



</doc>
<doc id="6931413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931413" title="Reservoir de Caniapiscau">
Reservoir de Caniapiscau



</doc>
<doc id="6931416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931416" title="Ma Jiang-bao">
Ma Jiang-bao



</doc>
<doc id="6931423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931423" title="Brooks Preparatory School">
Brooks Preparatory School



</doc>
<doc id="6931429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931429" title="Anomid">
Anomid



</doc>
<doc id="6931437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931437" title="Estonia National Cricket Team">
Estonia National Cricket Team



</doc>
<doc id="6931441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931441" title="Train-to-the-plane">
Train-to-the-plane



</doc>
<doc id="6931450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931450" title="Ultralight hiking">
Ultralight hiking



</doc>
<doc id="6931451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931451" title="Michael O'Laughlin (Lincoln conspirator)">
Michael O'Laughlin (Lincoln conspirator)



</doc>
<doc id="6931452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931452" title="Annoo dat">
Annoo dat



</doc>
<doc id="6931453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931453" title="Ratcatcher's Day">
Ratcatcher's Day

Ratcatcher's Day, Rat-catcher's Day or Rat Catcher's Day is celebrated on 26 June or 22 July, commemorating the myth of the Pied Piper of Hamelin. 
Overview.
The town of Hamelin in Germany uses the June date and the term "Pied Piper Day". The confusion of dates is because the Brothers Grimm cite 26 June 1284 as the date the Pied Piper led the children out of the town, while the poem by Robert Browning gives it as 22 July 1376. It is a holiday remembering rat-catchers, similar to Secretary's Day and Presidents Day.

</doc>
<doc id="6931459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931459" title="Annoo-Dat">
Annoo-Dat



</doc>
<doc id="6931461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931461" title="Bob Fullam">
Bob Fullam

Robert Fullam (1895–1971) was an Irish footballer and one of the best-known players in the League of Ireland in the 1920s . A versatile attacking player, he was skilful but also had a tough-man image.
Born in Ringsend, the son of John and Mary Fullam, Bob worked as a docker in Dublin, and played for Shelbourne 1918–21, winning the Irish Cup in 1920. He then transferred to Shamrock Rovers and played in the inaugural Free State Cup final in 1922. In that match, his skirmishes with Charlie Dowdall of eventual champions St. James's Gate F.C. helped provoke post-match disturbances involving players and supporters. This led to a ban for the start of the following season. Nevertheless, he finished top scorer with 27 goals in 22 games, as Rovers won their first League title. He transferred to Leeds United for 1923–24 but played only seven games. He returned to Rovers the next season, helping them to the Double, as "give it to Bob" became a Dublin catchphrase. In the 1926 Cup final, he famously pulled out of a goalmouth challenge, sacrificing a goal (and the Cup) to prevent injuring the Fordsons goalkeeper.
Fullam made his debut for the Irish Free State against Italy in Turin in 1926; he scored in the return match against Italy in 1927. As he was now 30, and the selectors had a preference for young players, this second cap was his last. He continued to play for Shamrock Rovers into the early 1930s.
In 1927/28 he went to the United States along with Dinny Doyle and several other players from both North and South. Upon their arrival in Philadelphia, they formed their club which was known as Irish Philadelphia Celtic. After a year Bob returned to Dublin where he renewed his association with Rovers.
After his playing days, Bob continued with the Hoops as a coach, a capacity he held until his departure to London in 1945.
His time with Rovers was littered with medals. He won the League and the FAI Cup 4 times scoring 92 league goals and 9 Cup goals along with 6 Inter-League caps.
In 1956 Bob was awarded damages in a libel case taken against the "Sunday Dispatch" for a story that the journalist admitted making up.
During his time at Shamrock Rovers Fullam played alongside his second cousin Billy Behan who later became a successful scout for Manchester United.
Fullam died in Slough on 21 July 1971.
Honours.
Shamrock Rovers
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6931462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931462" title="Giro d’Italia">
Giro d’Italia



</doc>
<doc id="6931465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931465" title="Classical Mandolin Society of America">
Classical Mandolin Society of America

The Classical Mandolin Society of America Inc., or CMSA, is a 501 (C)(3) not for profit corporation committed to promoting the playing and study of mandolin instruments in the United States. The organization was founded in 1986 by Norman Levine.
The organization works to promote knowledge and interest in the mandolin family of fretted instruments; (mandolin, mandola, mandocello, mando-bass) and guitar, with a focus on Classical Mandolin. It actively sponsors grants and scholarships for mandolin education and instruction for children and adults in North America. Currently, there are over 400 members worldwide. The CMSA holds a Convention in a different city in North America each year. Among other functions, the CMSA Convention hosts an En Masse Orchestra, which for its brief existence each year, is the largest mandolin orchestra in the United States, and has historically included as many as 180 musicians. The CMSA serves as a source of information about how to find or create mandolin ensembles around the United States, Canada and the world.
The organization is staffed by unpaid volunteers and is structured with officers of the corporation (president, vice president, secretary and treasurer), and a board of directors, which currently has nine members. The CMSA membership votes on candidates to fill officer and board member positions in accordance with its bylaws.
The CMSA publishes a quarterly newsletter, "The Mandolin Journal", which contains legal notifications for the corporation and current organizational news, along with contributed articles and music. The organization also maintains an internet website that contains information on the organization and its activities, membership application forms and convention registration forms.

</doc>
<doc id="6931468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931468" title="Ballinderry, Mid Ulster">
Ballinderry, Mid Ulster

Ballinderry () is a small civil and ecclesiastical parish on both sides of the County Londonderry / County Tyrone border in Northern Ireland. It is a rural parish of about 350 houses and lies on the western shores of Lough Neagh.
The parish contains two small villages: Ballylifford and Derrychrin, which are of relatively close proximity to Cookstown, Coalisland, Magherafelt and Dungannon. They are also very close to the settlements of Ardboe, Moortown, The Loup, and Ballyronan.
Places of interest.
The Ballinderry River flows into Lough Neagh at Ballinderry. The river has formed the border between the two counties of Londonderry and Tyrone since the creation of the former. It is regarded by anglers as one of the best trout rivers in Ulster, and is also good for salmon. One variety of trout, known as dollaghan, is native to the Lough Neagh area. Canoeing is also popular along the river and canoe steps have been built at several points to aid the sport's participants.
Owing to its location on the shores of Lough Neagh, fishing was historically the primary source of income for many local people.
Townlands.
Ballinderry consists of 12 townlands. Below is a list of these townlands along with their Irish origin and meaning.

</doc>
<doc id="6931473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931473" title="Sea France">
Sea France



</doc>
<doc id="6931476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931476" title="Jorge Más Canosa">
Jorge Más Canosa



</doc>
<doc id="6931479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931479" title="Jag ska aldrig lämna dig">
Jag ska aldrig lämna dig

Jag ska aldrig lämna dig is a 1993 studio album from Swedish country and pop singer Kikki Danielsson. The songwriters Mikael Wendt and Christer Lundh had travelled to India to get inspiration for the record.

</doc>
<doc id="6931481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931481" title="Éléctronique d2">
Éléctronique d2



</doc>
<doc id="6931485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931485" title="Seafrance">
Seafrance



</doc>
<doc id="6931487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931487" title="Supposed Former Junkie">
Supposed Former Junkie



</doc>
