<doc id="7035197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035197" title="Leser v. Garnett">
Leser v. Garnett

Leser v. Garnett, 258 U.S. 130 (1922), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that the Nineteenth Amendment was constitutional.
Prior history.
Two months before, on August 26, 1920, the ratification of the Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution was certified by Secretary of State Bainbridge Colby.
Case.
The Supreme Court granted certiorari to decide "Whether the Nineteenth Amendment has become part of the US Constitution." The plaintiffs disputed the constitutionality of the amendment through three claims:
In a unanimous decision, written by Justice Louis Brandeis, the court addressed each objection in turn.
In response to the first objection, the court declared that since the Fifteenth Amendment had been accepted as valid for more than fifty years, and dealt with a similar matter (in this case, that voting rights could not be denied on account of race), it could not be argued that the new amendment was invalid due to its subject matter.
In response to the second objection, the court decided that when the state legislatures ratified the amendment, they were operating in a federal capacity as laid down in the Constitution, a role which "transcends any limitations sought to be imposed by the people of a state."
As far as the ratifications of Tennessee and West Virginia were concerned, the court remarked that the additional ratifications of Connecticut and Vermont after the proclamation of the amendment rendered the point moot, but the court also addressed the substance of the objection. The court found that as the Secretary of State had accepted the ratifications by the legislatures of the two states as valid, they were valid, effectively ruling the matter as non-justiciable.

</doc>
<doc id="7035199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035199" title="Foreigner (Quintaglio)">
Foreigner (Quintaglio)



</doc>
<doc id="7035201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035201" title="Lumbriculus illex">
Lumbriculus illex

Lumbriculus illex is a fresh-water worm, the most recently described member of the genus (Timm &amp; Rodriguez, 1994), and is known only from 3 individuals found in Komarovka stream, north of Vladivostok. In most regards, this species is probably similar to "Lumbriculus variegatus", but it can be told apart from this species by its one-pointed setae (other "Lumbriculus" have two-pointed setae). Its closest relative is probably "L. sachalinus" or "L. olgae". Mature Lumbriculus can also easily be told apart by a number of genital characters, but as few of the species in the genus ever become sexually mature, this method of identification is often useless.

</doc>
<doc id="7035203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035203" title="Guaycura people">
Guaycura people

The Guaycura (Waicura, Waikuri, Guaycuri) were a native people of Baja California Sur, Mexico, occupying an area extending south from near Loreto to Todos Santos. They contested the area around La Paz with the Pericú. The Guaycura were nomadic hunter-gatherers. They are distinguished by a language unrelated to any other Native American language, indicating in the opinion of some linguists that their ancestry in Baja California dates back thousands of years.
The Society of Jesus (Jesuits) of the Catholic Church established Christian missions in their territory in the 18th century. The Guaycura may have numbered 5,000 at the time of Spanish contact, but their numbers quickly declined, mostly due to European diseases. They became extinct as a culture by about 1800, the survivors being absorbed into the mestizo society of Mexico.
Prehistory.
Linguists and archaeologists speculate that the Guaycura and the Pericú occupying the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula may have been the descendants of very early Native American migrants to the Americas. Their languages apparently were not related to each other or any other languages and their physical type was uncommon among Native Americans. They were small-bodied and long-headed (dolichocephalic). Their geographical location was a cul-de-sac in which they may have been isolated from extensive interaction with other peoples. Thus, their unique languages and physical characteristics may have survived for thousands of years. The lack of relationships between Guaycura and other languages indicates that Guaycura may have developed in isolation over a period of at least 5,000 years. At one time the Guaycura and Pericú may have occupied much greater territories but they were pushed southward and isolated by the expansion of the Cochimí people who spoke a language in the Yuman-Cochimí language family.
There is no evidence that the Guaycura were ever united politically, but rather consisted of a large number of independent bands, each with their own territory and sometimes hostile to each other. Known band names of probable Guaycura speakers living near the Bay of La Paz are Cubí (or Cora), Huchiti (or Uchiti), Aripe, Callejué, and Cantile. Most bands probably consisted of about 500 persons. The Monqui also possibly spoke a Guaycura language or dialect. The Guaycura occupied a territory of about of austere deserts and mountains with few sources of fresh water.
Culture and livelihood.
The indigenous peoples of the long peninsula of Baja California were similar in that all were hunter-gatherers with a limited and portable toolkit for survival. The Guaycura had no tribal government, but were divided into bands, each with its own territory. Bands united infrequently and most of the year the Guaycura foraged in family groups or lived in temporary settlements, called rancherias by the Spanish, of 50 to 200 people. Bands competed for territory and sometimes warred with each other. The Guaycura hunted mule deer, bighorn sheep and smaller game, harvested shellfish and turtles on the shorelines, and gathered a variety of plant foods. They had no pottery or agriculture and no domestic animals. Their shelters were made of brush; the men usually went naked, women wore a short skirt made of reeds or animal skins. Their religion was shamanic.
Year-round the most important food for the Guaycura was probably the basal rosettes of several species of agave which they roasted in a pit with heated rocks. The fruit of the organ pipe cactus or "pitahaya" (Stenocereus thurberi) was the staple food for two or three months in late summer and fall. Its abundance and ease of harvest enabled the Guaycura to congregate in larger numbers than usual for social and religious activities.
A fair number of explorers and missionaries left brief ethnographic notes concerning the Guaycura. The most detained accounts were written by the Alsatian Jesuit Johann Jakob Baegert, stationed at San Luis Gonzaga mission between 1751 and 1768 (Baegert 1772, 1952, 1982). Baegert took a decidedly sour view of his charges, at one point characterizing them as "stupid, awkward, rude, unclean, insolent, ungrateful, mendacious, thievish, abominably lazy, great talkers to their end, and naïve and childish." His views as to the extreme simplicity of Guaycura social organization and belief systems have often been accepted as factual, but they may owe something to the missionary's own acerbic personality. He was scarcely kinder to European critics of the Jesuits. As one scholar said, "Products of their own self-righteousness and conceit, the Jesuits learned little...about the Indians."
The Jesuits.
The Guaycura may have come into contact with the Spanish near the present-day city of La Paz as early as the 1530s. Over the following century and a half, they had sporadic encounters with maritime expeditions and failed attempts by the Spanish to establish a colony and a Christian mission in Baja California. Pearl fishermen also likely visited the shores where they lived. In 1697, the Jesuits established the Misión de Nuestra Señora de Loreto Conchó mission near present day Loreto, Baja California Sur among the Monqui people who possibly spoke a Guaycura language. The first mission the Jesuits established among the Guaycura was the Misión de Nuestra Señora del Pilar de La Paz Airapí at present day La Paz in 1720. Missions subsequently established among the Guaycura were Dolores (1721), Todos Santos (1733), and Misión San Luis Gonzaga Chiriyaqui (1737). 
The Guaycura were initially resistant to the missionary endeavors of the Jesuits. In 1716, the first attempt, led by Jesuit Juan María de Salvatierra, to establish a mission and a Spanish settlement among the Guaycura at La Paz resulted in the death of several Guaycura women at the hands of Indian followers of the Jesuits. The first Jesuit mission among the Guaycura was at La Paz and it was intended to serve not only as a missionary center, but as a rest and resupply stop for the Manila galleons returning from the Philippines. However, La Paz was a fractious area, contested by several Guaycura bands and the Pericú of southernmost Baja California. The mission, during its 30 years of existence "would serve more as a base for the unintentional destruction of the region's peoples than as a center for their evangelization."
The long-running opposition to the Jesuit missions and presence terminated in the Pericúe revolt of 1734, in which several Jesuits and their followers and Spanish sailors were killed by the Pericú and Guaycura, especially the Uchití band. Meanwhile the Guaycura were being devastated by introduced European diseases such as measles and smallpox. In 1748, after many years of frustration, the Jesuits decided to concentrate the southern bands of the Guaycura into a single settlement at Misión Todos Santos. There, the Jesuits forcibly detained the Guaycura children at the mission and their parents and relatives "for love of the children remained pacified." 
In 1768, the Spanish government expelled the Jesuits from Baja California. The new Spanish administration and newly arrived Franciscan missionaries forced the 746 survivors of the northern bands of the Guaycura to move south to Todos Santos. A year later more than 300 had died in a measles epidemic. Many of the Guaycura were still semi-nomadic and the efforts of the Franciscans to make of them toilers of the soil on mission lands was a failure as many ran away. By 1808 only 82 Guaycura were still resident at Todos Santos. Baja California by this time was being settled by Spanish and mestizo immigrants and the remaining Guaycura were being absorbed into the general population and had lost the remnants of their culture.
Language and legacy.
The Guaycura language is attested by a few texts, but the evidence is not enough to classify it. It is not closely related to other known languages. Several businesses in Baja California Sur preserve the name of the Guaycura
A few people self-identified as Guaycura were still alive in the late 19th century. In 1883, Dutch anthropologist Herman ten Kate met two full-blooded Guaycura in Todos Santos. Both had the dolichocephalic skulls associated with the Guayacura and Pericú. In 1892, French photographer Leon Diguet photographed Maria Ignacia Melina in Loreto, Baja California Sur. She claimed to be 85 years old and three-fourths Guaycura.

</doc>
<doc id="7035207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035207" title="Nellaiappar Temple">
Nellaiappar Temple

The Nellaiappar Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to the deity Shiva, located in Tirunelveli, a city in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Shiva is worshipped as Nellaiappar (also called Venuvananathar) represented by the "lingam" and his consort Parvati is depicted as Kanthimathi Amman. The deity Vishnu is also worshipped here, having witnessed their wedding according to legend. Hence, this temple is regarded as an "abhimana kshetram" of Vaishnavism. The temple is located on the northern banks of Thamirabarani River in Tirunelveli district. The presiding deity is revered in the 7th century Tamil Saiva canonical work, the "Tevaram", written by Tamil saint poets known as the nayanmars and classified as "Paadal Petra Sthalam".
The temple complex covers an area of and all its shrines are enclosed with concentric rectangular walls. The temple has a number of shrines, with those of Swamy Nellaiappar and his consort Sri Kanthimathi Ambal being the most prominent.
The temple has three six rituals at various times from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m., and six yearly festivals on its calendar. Brahmotsavam festival during the Tamil month of "Aani" (June–July) is the most prominent festival celebrated in the temple.
The original complex is believed to have been built by Pandyas, while the present masonry structure was added by Cholas, Pallavas, Cheras, and Madurai Nayaks. In modern times, the temple is maintained and adminIstered by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
History.
Tirunelveli is one of the many temple towns in the district which is named after the groves, clusters or forests dominated by a particular variety of a tree or shrub and the same variety of tree or shrub sheltering the presiding deity. The region is believed to have been covered with Venu forest and hence called Venuvanam.
The original complex is believed to have been built by Pandyas, while the present masonry structure was added by Cholas, Pallavas, Cheras, and Madurai Nayaks. The sanctums of the temple and the gopurams were constructed by Nindraseer Nedumaran (Koon Pandian) who reigned in the 7th century AD. The mani mandapam with its famous musical pillar was also likely built by Nindraseer Nedumaran. The flag stand near the Nandi was set up in 1155. Later Pandya, Kulasekara Pandyan I built the outer wall of the Thirunelveli Nellaiappar temple, in 13th century.
Originally, the Nellaiappar and Kanthimathi temples were two independent structures with spaces in between. It was in 1647 that Thiru Vadamalaiappa Pillaiyan, a great devotee of Siva linked the two temples by building the "Chain mandapam" (In Tamil Sangili Mandapam). In the centre of the Flower Garden is a square vasantha mandapam with 100 pillars. The Nandi mandapam is said to have been built by Sivanthiappa Nayakar in 1654. To the western portion of the chain mandapam is the flower garden that was set up in 1756 by Thiruvengadakrishna Mudaliar.
There are a number of stone inscriptions in the temple. The most important of them are those Veerapandiyan who reigned around 950 AD and those of Rajendran I and Kulothunga Chola I. The inscriptions of Maravarman Sundara Pandyan refer to the Lord as "Woodayar" and "Wodeyanayanar" and the Goddess as "Nachiar". From the inscriptions of Kulasekkara Pandiyan we learn that he defeated the Chera, Chola and Hoysala kings and built the outer walls of the temple with the spoils of war.
Legend.
Tirunelveli was originally called "Tinnevelly" during the British Era. During Puranic times, the place was called Venuvana, a forest of bamboos. The deity in the current temple was believed have appeared inside the bamboo forest. Vishnu is believed to have witnessed the marriage between Shiva and Parvathi at this place. There is an image of Vishnu with a metallic "Gindi", a vessel with a spout, in the temple depicting the legend.
Architecture.
The temple complex covers an area of , measuring long and wide, and all its shrines are enclosed with concentric rectangular walls, with a massive Rajagopuram. Sangili Mandapam built on 1647 by vadamalaiyappa pillayan connects the Ganthimathi Amman and Nellaiyappar temples. The temple has a number of shrines, with those of Swamy Nellaiappar and his consort Sri Kanthimathi Ambal being the most prominent.
The Nandi mandapam has a fairly big statue of Nandi (the bull God), similar to those at Tanjore and Rameswaram. The unique feature of the temple is the 'Mani manadapam' located near the nandi mandapam with two giant pillars carved out of a single stone and each one is having 48 sub pillars which produce musical notes when struck. Tamil poet says that the pillars here are a combination of the Shruti Gana Laya types.
The composite columns of Virabhadra holding sword and horn are found be additions of the Vijayanayagara kings during the early 1500s. Similar columns of Virabhadra are found in Adikesava Perumal Temple at Thiruvattaru, Meenakshi Temple at Madurai, Kasi Viswanathar temple at Tenkasi, Krishnapuram Venkatachalapathy temple, Ramanathaswamy Temple at Rameswaram, Soundararajaperumal temple at Thadikombu, Srivilliputhur Andal temple, Srivaikuntanathan Permual temple at Srivaikuntam, Avudayarkovil, Vaishnava Nambi and Thirukurungudivalli Nachiar temple at Thirukkurungudi.
Thaamira Ambalam.
Tirunelveli also is one of the five places where Lord Shiva is said to have displayed his dance and all these places have stages/ ambalams. While Tirunelveli has the Thaamira (Copper) Ambalam or Thamira Sabhai , the others are the Rathina Ambalam/ Rathna Sabhai at Thiruvaalangadu (rathinam – ruby / red), the Chitra Ambalam or Chitra Sabhai at Courtallam (chitra – painting), the Velli Ambalam or Rajatha Sabhai at Madurai Meenakshi Amman Temple (velli – silver) and the Pon (Gold) Ambalam or PorSabhai at Thillai Nataraja Temple, Chidambaram.
Pancha Sabhai Sthalangal.
The temples where Shiva is believed to have performed the Cosmic Dance. This temple is called "Tambra Sabha" (copper hall) based on the dance pose of Nataraja. There are several architectural depictions in the temple detailing the legends.
Religious importance and festivals.
Navaratri, Tirukkalyanam in Aippasi, (15 October – 15 November) and Arudra Darisanam are some of the important festivals here. Arudra Darisanam attracts huge crowds here. The temple chariot is a massive one, second supposedly only to Tiruvarur. The Bhrammotsavam here lasts for an extended period of time during the Tamil month of Aani (15 June – 15 July). Also, a golden temple car (First Inaugural run of Nellaiappar Temple Golden Car is 2 November 2009) will run during important festivals like Thirukalyanam, Kaarthigai, Aaruthra Festival etc. During Thaipoosam festival in Thai, Lord Shiva and Parvathy are taken to the banks of Thamirabarani river in Tirunelveli junction called "Thaipoosa mandapam". Special rituals are undertaken there and the Lord return to the temple at night. Nellaiappar Temple car is the third largest car in Tamil Nadu.And it is the first car to be driven fully automatically.
The temple priests perform the "puja" (rituals) during festivals and on a daily basis. The temple rituals are performed Six times a day; "Thiruvananthal at 5.15 a.m Ushatkalapooja at 6.00a.m Sirukalasanthi at 7.00a.m Kalasanthi" at 8:00 a.m., "Uchikalam" at 12:00 a.m. and "Sayarakshai" at 6:00 p.m. Arthajamam at 8.30 p.m Palliarai at 9.15 p.m Bhairavar Poojai at 9.30 p.m Each ritual comprises four steps: "abhisheka" (sacred bath), "alangaram" (decoration), "naivethanam" (food offering) and "deepa aradanai" (waving of lamps) for Nelliappar and Kanthimathi Amman. There are weekly rituals like ' (Monday) and ' (Friday), fortnightly rituals like "pradosham", and monthly festivals like "amavasai" (new moon day), "kiruthigai", "pournami" (full moon day) and "sathurthi". The Thai Aaratu festival during the Tamil month of "Thai" (January – February) is the most important festivals of the temple.
Literary mention.
Tirugnana Sambandar and Appar, the 7th-century Tamil "Saivite" poet Nayanmars, venerated Nelliappar in ten verses in "Tevaram", compiled as the "First Tirumurai". Sundarar, an 8th-century nayanmar, also venerated Idaiyatreeswarar in ten verses in "Tevaram", compiled as the "Fifth Tirumurai". As the temple is revered in "Tevaram", it is classified as "Paadal Petra Sthalam", one of the 276 temples that find mention in the Saiva canon.
Muthuswami Dikshitar composed one song (Sri Kantimatim) on this temple goddess Kanthimathi Amman.This song is considered to be a rare song set in the rare raga Hemavathi.

</doc>
<doc id="7035209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035209" title="Christon Tembo">
Christon Tembo

Lt. Gen. Christon Tembo (24 May 1944 – 6 March 2009) was a Zambian politician and army commander. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1995 to 1996 and the sixth vice-president of Zambia from 1997 to 2001. He ran for president in the December 2001 election and took third place, with about 13% of the vote.
In 1989, he and others were charged with plotting to overthrow President Kenneth Kaunda, which was judged as an act of treason worthy of the death penalty. He was defended in court successfully by attorney Levy Mwanawasa, who was elected as President in 2002.
He retired from military service in 1990 and joined the Movement for Multiparty Democracy as vice-president of the party under Frederick Chiluba, who became President in 1991. He fell out with Chiluba over the latter's attempt to gain a third term in office in 2001 and then formed the Forum for Democracy and Development (FDD) as a breakaway party, which he led until his death.
He died on March 6, 2009, in Lusaka.

</doc>
<doc id="7035210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035210" title="SS Bandırma">
SS Bandırma

SS "Bandırma" was an Ottoman mixed-freight ship, which became famous for her historical role in taking Mustafa Kemal Pasha (Atatürk) from Constantinople (today-Istanbul) to Samsun in May 1919 that marked the establishment of the Turkish national movement.
The ship.
The steamer "Bandırma", built 1878 in Paisley, Scotland, was a cargo ship with 192 gross register tons capacity. It was christened "Trocadero", and under this name, it sailed five years long as a freighter for Dansey and Robinson. In 1883, it was purchased by Greek ship-owner H. Psicha Preaus, and renamed SS "Kymi". 7 years later, it was sold to another Greek ship-owner, Cap. Andreadis, sailing under the same name. In 1891, it went down following an accident but could be floated again.
The Ottoman Maritime Co. purchased the ship in 1894, renamed it SS "Panderma". It served in the Sea of Marmara as a passenger-cargo vessel. On 28 October 1910, the company's status was changed, and it was renamed Ottoman Transportation Authority. The ship's name was also changed to SS "Bandırma", Turkish for Panderma, and it served then as a mail ship in the coastal waters of Ottoman Empire.
During World War I, SS "Bandırma" collided with the British submarine , and survived a torpedo attack from the same vessel. "Bandırma" was taken out of duty in 1924. It was sold 1925, and demolished in a shipyard in Golden Horn within four months.
The mission.
It went into the history of Republic of Turkey, when Mustafa Kemal Pasha, who was appointed shortly before Inspector of the Ninth Army Troops Inspectorate of the Ottoman Empire in eastern Anatolia, left Constantinople with SS "Bandırma" on 16 May 1919 for Samsun. He was sent to Anatolia by sultan's decree to oversee the process of disbanding the Ottoman Army that was ordered by the Entente powers occupying the capital and controlling the Ottoman government.
Mustafa Kemal Pasha, accompanied with 22 officers, 25 soldiers, and 8 administrative staff sailed in heavy weather on the old steamer with a not functioning compass needed to navigate in the wavy Black Sea, and set foot on land in Samsun on 19 May 1919. Upon landing, Mustafa Kemal Pasha started the Turkish national movement contrary to the orders given to him by the Ottoman government in İstanbul that resulted in the declaration of the Republic of Turkey after the Turkish War of Independence almost four years later.
The replica.
In view of its important historical role in the birth of the Republic of Turkey, the governor and the mayor of Samsun Province both initiated the rebuilding of "Bandırma" in original dimensions and outlook. The building of the replica by Taşkınlar Shipbuilding Co. started on 9 May 2000, and was completed on 15 April 2001. The new "Bandırma" was opened as a museum ship by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on 19 May 2003 at Doğu Park (East Park) in Samsun. Wax figures of Mustafa Kemal Pasha and his followers on the ship are on display along with historical items in the museum ship today.

</doc>
<doc id="7035211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035211" title="The Ghost of Christmas yet to come">
The Ghost of Christmas yet to come



</doc>
<doc id="7035213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035213" title="Ronnie Beale">
Ronnie Beale



</doc>
<doc id="7035218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035218" title="Doñinos de Salamanca">
Doñinos de Salamanca

Doñinos de Salamanca is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 1,996 people.
Geography.
The municipality covers an area of . It lies above sea level and the postal code is 37120.
See also.
List of municipalities in Salamanca

</doc>
<doc id="7035221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035221" title="Converter (industry)">
Converter (industry)

A converter is a company that specializes in modifying or combining raw materials such as polyesters, adhesives, silicone, adhesive tapes, foams, plastics, felts, rubbers, liners and metals, as well as other materials, to create new products.
Materials such as paper, plastic film, foil and cloth often are produced in long, continuous sheets that are rolled up for more convenient handling and transportation. These rolls of material vary significantly in size and weight—ranging from wide and weighing as much as several tons. The converting industry takes these continuous rolls of thin, flat materials—known as webs—threads them through processing machines (such as printing presses, laminating, coating and slitting machines) and converts or changes the web of material into an intermediate form or final product. For example, a converter's equipment might take a web of plastic film, cut it into lengths, and fuse their edges, thus converting it into plastic bags. This activity is known as web processing.
Processes.
Typical converting processes include coating, laminating and printing. Coating technologies can include hot melt coating, gravure coating, curtain coating and slot-die coating. The most common printing techniques are flexo printing and rotogravure (gravure) printing. Both print processes are suited to high speed roll-to-roll processing.
Many converting companies will process large diameter, wide rolls of material as this increases the converting efficiency by minimising changes. On completion of the converting process the rolls may be cut into smaller rolls on a slitting machine or a sheeter. These rolls or sheets are then a convenient size for handling on packaging and other machines. Further processes such as collation may occur after sheeting.
Depending on the specially of the converter, many other processes might be involved. These might include: shearing, die-cutting, laser cutting, heat sealing, laser converting, perforating, ultrasonic welding, surface finishing, etc.
Web alignment.
When converting from rolls of material, web alignment is an important part of a converting operation as a moving web of material has a tendency to track off course and wander out of alignment during the converting processes. To avoid these problems, engineers have developed a variety of automatic web-guiding systems that assure production accuracy and reduce waste. Web-guiding systems typically are positioned just before a critical stage on a converting machine (for example, just before a print station on a printing press).
Each type of web guiding system uses a sensor to monitor the web position for lateral tracking, and each has an actuator to shift the running web mechanically back on course whenever the sensor detects movement away from the set path. Actuators may be pneumatic or hydraulic cylinders, or some kind of electromechanical device. Because the web may be fragile — particularly at its edge — non-contact sensors are used. These sensors may be pneumatic, photoelectric, ultrasonic, or infrared. The system's controls must put the output signals from the sensors in to a form that can drive the actuator. Many controls today are electronic, typically using an amplifier to convert signals from the sensor, then commanding a special servo motor incorporating a lead or ball screw for guiding actuation. The latest web guiding systems have touch screen controls to simplify the setup procedure. Some web guiding systems have been designed specifically for the converting industry.
Services.
Many converters specialize in 
Newer technology.
Some converting companies now incorporate electronics in their finished products. For example, converters producing RFID stock labels must incorporate RFID chips and antenna inlays. The electronic components make up the RFID tag. The tag stores the information about the items that have been tagged. These converters therefore sometimes incorporate volume electronics manufacturing practices including controlling static electricity, electronic manufacturing test and similar processes. Solving some of the issues of inclusion of materials sensitive to external influences has led to more tech companies embracing roll-based manufacturing processes, with particular success in the lithium ion and solar cell manufacturing sectors.
Paper converting.
Paper converting can refer to manufacturing processes involving paper as the raw material. This raw material, similar to other converting industries, can be in a roll or sheet form. Paper converting is required for the manufacture of nearly all paper based products, such as magazines, books, newspapers, labels, bags, and general purpose paper products.
The process of processing pre-cut cartons or "blanks" and folding them into the appropriate shape to become finished packaging containers is known as tray forming or carton erecting. This is a specific example of a type of converting. These machines can create, for example, nacho trays, Chinese noodle soup boxes, pizza boxes, french fry trays, hamburger clamshells, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="7035222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035222" title="Baha'i racism">
Baha'i racism



</doc>
<doc id="7035224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035224" title="Doninos de Salamanca">
Doninos de Salamanca



</doc>
<doc id="7035233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035233" title="Robert Horatio Walpole, 10th Baron Walpole">
Robert Horatio Walpole, 10th Baron Walpole



</doc>
<doc id="7035239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035239" title="The Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come">
The Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come



</doc>
<doc id="7035241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035241" title="Éjeme">
Éjeme

Éjeme is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile–León. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 134 people.
Geography.
The municipality covers an area of . It lies above sea level and the postal code is 37891.

</doc>
<doc id="7035245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035245" title="Deutsche Zeitung in Norwegen">
Deutsche Zeitung in Norwegen

Deutsche Zeitung in Norwegen () was an Oslo-based daily newspaper published in Norway during the Second World War. It was published by the subsidiary Europa-Verlag of the Nazi-controlled Franz Eher Nachfolger, and had a circulation of about 40,000 copies. The paper served as a model for the Amsterdam-based "Deutsche Zeitung in den Niederlanden".
An appreciable difference between "Deutsche Zeitung in Norwegen" and "Deutsche Zeitung in den Niederlanden" was their divergent readership; the former was predominantly read by German soldiers in Norway, whilst the latter chiefly had a civilian readership. A competing newspaper in Norway was the "Wacht im Norden", that was distributed free of charge to soldiers. Towards the end of 1940, it was decided to establish an offshoot of the paper in Tromsø. Due to a lack of competent editors from Germany, the Tromsø paper was not established before February 1941. It was withal merged with "Lappland-Kurier" upon Finland's truce with the Soviet Union in September 1944.
According to publisher Max Amann, the editors of "Deutsche Zeitung in Norwegen" enjoyed more editorial freedom than the editors of newspapers in Nazi Germany. Oron Hale writes, however, that on a closer examination, the dissimilarities between the Norwegian paper and the German ones were small. Until June 1940, the "Deutsche Zeitung in Norwegen" was subject of military censorship by the German propaganda department in Norway. The newspaper and its offshoots were discontinued on the cease-fire in Europe on 8 May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="7035255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035255" title="Rana Bhagwandas">
Rana Bhagwandas

Rana Bhagwandas (20 December 1942 – 23 February 2015) was a Pakistani jurist who served as a senior judge and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan (CJP). He enjoyed extremely high reputation as a judge. He remained the acting CJP during the 2007 judicial crisis in Pakistan, and also briefly became the acting Chief Justice of Pakistan when the incumbent Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry went on foreign tours in 2005 and 2006, and thus became the first Hindu and the second non-Muslim to serve as chief of the highest court in Pakistan. Rana Bhagwandas also worked as the Chairman of Federal Public Service Commission of Pakistan. He headed the interview panel for the selection of the federal civil servants in 2009.
Early life.
Rana Bhagwandas was born on 20 December 1942 into a Sindhi Hindu Rajput family in Naseerabad, in the Larkana District (now Qambar Shahdadkot District) of the Sind Province of British India. He studied law and received a Master's degree in Islamic studies. He joined the bar in 1965 and after two years of practising law with Abdul Ghafoor Bhurgri, an eminent lawyer of Larkana, joined the Pakistani judicial system in 1967. Later, he became a sessions judge, and subsequently, a judge of the Sindh High Court. He was not a fan of cricket, but remained a supporter of the Pakistan cricket team.
Judicial career.
Rana Bhagwandas was promoted to the Sindh High Court in 1994. In 1999, his appointment to the superior judiciary was challenged by a constitutional petition (no. 1069/1999) against the Government of Pakistan and Judge Bhagwandas. The petition demanded that the judicial bench consisting of Judge Bhagwandas should be declared unconstitutional because of Bhagwandas' religion, claiming that only Muslims can be appointed to the superior judiciary. The petition was rejected, and the petitioner was condemned by other judges of the high court and by a significant number of lawyers.
In 2000, he joined the Supreme Court of Pakistan after taking an oath of allegiance to Pervez Musharraf's administration under the PCO. Justice Bhagwandas took strong note of a kidnapping case involving a girl in North-West Frontier Province forced to be a prostitute for four years. A believer in the sanctity of the Constitution of Pakistan and its legal system, Bhagwandas maintained that the law was equal for all religious communities in Pakistan. While staunchly defending Pakistan's society and legal system against charges of bias and suppression of minorities, Bhagwandas was also a vocal opponent of the practice of honour killings of women in the provincial rural areas.
For the 2006–2007 judicial year, Justice Bhagwandas was a member of the second bench of justices which was also home to Justice Nasir ul-Mulk and Justice Syed Jamshed Ali.
On 28 September 2007, in a 6–3 vote the court, Judge Rana Bhagwandas presiding, ruled: ""These petitions are held to be non-maintainable" but he was among the three dissenting judges who thought that Gen. Musharraf should relinquish army chief's post." The judgment removed obstacles to Pervez Musharraf's election bid but gave Bhagwandas more honour and respect in the country.
Justice Bhagwandas refused to take oath under the PCO which was issued by then President of Pakistan General Musharraf and was among the 60 judges sacked on 3 November 2007. He retired in December 2007 and was reinstated in retired status.
Acting Chief Justice.
On 9 March 2007, Pakistan President Musharraf declared Chief Justice Chaudhary "non-functional" and forwarded a reference against him to the Supreme Judicial Council (SJC) of Pakistan. While Justice Bhagwandas should have taken his place as Acting Chief Justice, but his whereabouts remained untraceable and it was said that he was on a foreign tour of India. On 15 March 2007 a petition was filed in the Supreme Court urging the Pakistan Government to declare his whereabouts. He returned home on 23 March. He was aware of events transpiring in Pakistan and on his return from India, he assumed the office of the acting CJP from 24 March to 20 July 2007 till the SCP full court restored justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry.
Earlier, justice Bhagwandas had also served as acting Chief Justice – first in 2005 while Chief justice Iftikhar Chaudhry was on a ten-day trip to the People's Republic of China and then again in December 2006 when the latter was on a Haj pilgrimage. He was the first Hindu and the third non-Muslim (after A. R. Cornelius and Dorab Patel) to serve in this post. On 8 February 2005 Chief Justice Rana Bhagwandas was honoured with "Siropa" (robe of honour) during his maiden visit to Harimandir Sahib in Amritsar, India. He was on a private visit to Amritsar, Ropar and Chandigarh with Justice Khalil-ur-Rehman Ramday, another judge of the Pakistan Supreme Court and his wife.
Chairman FPSC
Rana Bhagwandas worked as the Chairman of Federal Public Service Commission of Pakistan from November 2009 to December 2012. He was also a member of the selection board of the Sindh Madressatul Islam University Karachi.
Death.
He died on 23 February 2015 in Karachi. He was under treatment for a heart ailment at a private hospital at the time of his death.
Awards.
In 2023, he was awarded the Nishan-i-Imtiaz by the President of Pakistan for his public services.

</doc>
<doc id="7035263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035263" title="El Arco, Salamanca">
El Arco, Salamanca

El Arco is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located 24 kilometers from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 93 people.
Geography.
The municipality covers an area of .
It lies above sea level.
The postal code is 37797.

</doc>
<doc id="7035266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035266" title="Wackernagel">
Wackernagel

Wackernagel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="7035273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035273" title="El Cabaco">
El Cabaco

El Cabaco is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 248 people.
Geography.
The municipality covers an area of . It lies above sea level and the postal code is 37620.

</doc>
<doc id="7035278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035278" title="Motorsport UK">
Motorsport UK

Motorsport UK (MSUK), formerly known as the Motor Sports Association (MSA), is a national membership organisation and governing body for four-wheel motorsport in the United Kingdom. Legally, it is a not-for-profit private company limited by guarantee.
Responsibilities.
Motorsport UK is recognised as the only motorsport governing body in the United Kingdom by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). It is not concerned with motorcycle or sidecar competitions, which are governed by the Auto-Cycle Union, nor does it cover banger racing; but provides governance and representation for 12 other forms such as rallying, circuit racing, drifting, hill climbing and karting.
It has power under UK legislation to issue permits to event organisers wishing to close public highways for motorsport uses. The organisation claims its mission is to increase the number of participants in motorsport within the UK. It also claims to have within its community 720 affiliated motor clubs, 30,000 competition licence holders, 10,000 volunteer marshals and 4,000 officials, whilst authorising 5,000 event permits every year.
Structure.
Motorsport UK is managed and organised by its board of directors, chaired by David Richards CBE. In March 2019 the constitution of Motorsport UK was changed by a unanimous vote of the council to bring it in line with Sport England's code of governance and best practice. This is documented in the new memorandum and articles of association.
Motorsport UK events organise the British Grand Prix, the Rally of Great Britain and from 2016 the British Rally Championship, some of the flagship motor sports events in the United Kingdom. Motorsport UK and its subsidiaries employ over 55 full-time staff.
History.
Motorsport UK began as the Royal Automobile Club's (RAC) Motor Sports Association in the late 1970s. Until this time motorsport events in the UK had been organised by motor clubs or independent parties who could implement their own rules with oversight by the RAC’s Competitions Committee. In 1975 the committee was replaced by the Motor Sports Council who standardised rules and their enforcement throughout the country. The RAC Motor Sports Association was legally formed in December 1977, and began organising and promoting events the following year.
The MSA was rebranded as Motorsport UK in 2018, introducing its own new aim to increase participation as well as regulate the sport.
In light of the Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022, Motorsport UK barred Russian and Belarusian drivers from competing in British motorsport events, thus preventing Russian F1 driver Nikita Mazepin from participating in the upcoming 2022 edition of the British Grand Prix in Silverstone scheduled to be held in July (in any event, he was sacked by his team). In 2024, the federation raised £60,000 to buy a Steyr-Puch Pinzgauer for the Armed Forces of Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="7035292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035292" title="Encina de San Silvestre">
Encina de San Silvestre

Encina de San Silvestre is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 111 people.
Geography.
The municipality covers an area of .
It lies above sea level.
The postal code is 37114.
Spanish poet and musician Juan del Enzina was born in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="7035295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035295" title="WTSP News team">
WTSP News team



</doc>
<doc id="7035311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035311" title="Svetlana Grozdova">
Svetlana Grozdova

Svetlana Khristoforovna Grozdova (, born 29 January 1959 in Rostov on Don) is a retired Soviet Russian gymnast.
She started training in gymnastics at age 8 and was coached by Russian gymnastics coach Ruslan Lavrov in a gym in Rostov-on-Don. She was a member of the Soviet Union's 1976 Olympics Gold medal-winning gymnastics team alongside Maria Filatova, Nellie Kim, Elvira Saadi, Ludmilla Tourischeva and Olga Korbut.
In 1974 and 1976, she was the Moscow News All Around champion. She was awarded the Order of the Badge of Honor in 1976. In 1980 she left the world of competitive gymnastics and took up sports acrobatics and was competing in it by the mid-1980s.
Her best event was the balance beam. Despite not winning any Olympic medals in this event, she was a pro at wowing the crowds at USSR gymnastics exhibitions around the world with her tremendous flexibility and mesmerising balance on her hands. She had an unusually flexible, rubber-like spine which allowed her to perform walkovers along the width of the balance beam, and to do a split handstand at the very end of the beam and touching the beam with her foot behind her head.

</doc>
<doc id="7035317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035317" title="Lumbriculus genitosetosus">
Lumbriculus genitosetosus

Lumbriculus genitosetosus was described by Holmquist in 1976 from almost 2,000 individuals collected in Northern Alaska. Initially, Holmquist revived the genus "Thinodrilus" (previously established by Smith in 1895 for "Th. inconstans") for "L. genitosetosus", "Lumbriculus inconstans" and "Lumbriculus ambiguus" on the basis of the "Lumbriculus"-species having only one pair of vas deferens and sperm funnels per atrium, whereas the "Thinodrilus"-species have two (one in the anterior end and one in the posterior); this division is, however, not generally recognised today, even if "Thinodrilus" may be a valid subgenus.
"Lumbriculus genitosetosus", as the name suggests, can be recognised by its modified male genital setae, unique within the Lumbriculidae.

</doc>
<doc id="7035318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035318" title="Tribute to Duke Ellington">
Tribute to Duke Ellington

Tribute to Duke Ellington is a big band jazz album recorded in New York in 1999 and is the seventh recording released by the Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin. The first three tracks make up the "Tribute To Duke Ellington Suite" which was composed by Akiyoshi and commissioned by the Monterey Jazz Festival.
Track listing.
All orchestrations by Toshiko Akiyoshi:
Personnel.
Guests
References / external links.
BMG Novus J BVCJ-34005

</doc>
<doc id="7035320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035320" title="Don't Leave Me This Way">
Don't Leave Me This Way

"Don't Leave Me This Way" is a song written by Kenneth Gamble, Leon Huff and Cary Gilbert. It was originally released in 1975 by Harold Melvin &amp; the Blue Notes featuring Teddy Pendergrass, an act signed to Gamble &amp; Huff's Philadelphia International label. "Don't Leave Me This Way" was subsequently covered by American singer Thelma Houston in 1976 and British duo the Communards in 1986, with both versions achieving commercial success.
Harold Melvin &amp; the Blue Notes original version.
The Blue Notes' original version of the song, featuring Teddy Pendergrass's lead vocals, was included on the group's 1975 album "Wake Up Everybody". Though not issued as a single in the United States at the time, the Blue Notes' recording reached number three on the US "Billboard" Hot Disco Singles chart in the wake of Thelma Houston's version. The song proved to be the group's highest-peaking entry in the United Kingdom, reaching number five on the UK Singles Chart, when released there as a single in 1977. It became the title track of a budget LP issued on the CBS Embassy label in the UK in 1978. The track was finally issued as a 12-inch single in the US in 1979, coupled with "Bad Luck".
Thelma Houston version.
"Don't Leave Me This Way" was covered by American singer Thelma Houston in 1976. Originally assigned to Diana Ross, it was intended to be the follow-up to her 1976 single "Love Hangover", but was reassigned to Houston instead.
Following the release of Houston's fourth studio album, "Any Way You Like It" (1976), a Boston DJ record pool unanimously reported positive audience response to "Don't Leave Me This Way" in discothèques, and the song was selected for release as a single. Houston's version topped the US soul singles chart and, nine weeks later, the "Billboard" Hot 100 for one week in April 1977. The song peaked at number 13 in the UK. The song peaked at number one on the disco chart. Later in the year, it was featured on the soundtrack to the film "Looking for Mr. Goodbar". In 1978, Houston won the award for Best R&amp;B Vocal Performance, Female at the 20th Annual Grammy Awards for her rendition of the song.
Legacy.
Houston's version was revived in 1995 in several remixes, which reached No. 19 on the US "Billboard" dance chart and No. 35 in the UK. This version got Houston ranked No. 86 on VH1's "100 Greatest One-Hit Wonders", as well as the number-two spot on their "100 Greatest Dance Songs" list in 2000. In 2012, "Rolling Stone" ranked it No. 8 in their list of "The Best Disco Songs of All Time". In 2020, "Slant Magazine" ranked it No. 8 in their "The 100 Best Dance Songs of All Time". In 2021, "Rolling Stone" included "Don't Leave Me This Way" in their list of "500 Best Songs of All Time" at No. 355, while in 2022, the magazine ranked it No. 121 in their "200 Greatest Dance Songs of All Time". In 2025, "Billboard" ranked it No. 55 and No. 19 in their lists of "The 100 Best Dance Songs of All Time" and "The 100 Greatest LGBTQ+ Anthems of All Time".
The Communards version.
In 1986, the song was covered by British synth-pop duo the Communards in a hi-NRG version. This recording topped the UK Singles Chart for four weeks in September 1986, becoming the best-selling single of the year in the United Kingdom. The featured guest vocalist was jazz singer Sarah Jane Morris. The song reached number 40 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and topped the "Billboard" dance chart. In 2015, the song was voted by the British public as the nation's 16th favorite 1980s number one in a poll for ITV.
The song also had a music video, which showed the band performing in an underground setting with many fans. This included a blond stoic young man as part of the crowd simply watching. In the video, it turns out that he was chased down and caught and forced to be an informant to secret police. Near the end of the video, he finally radios in to them, and at the end they turn spotlights on the band and the crowd, forcing them to scatter.
Several remixes were issued, notably the "Gotham City Mix" which was split across two sides of a 12-inch single and ran for a total of 22 minutes 55 seconds. The album liner notes dedicate the song to the Greater London Council (GLC), which had recently been abolished.
Critical reception.
Much critical of the Communards' version, Simon Mills of "Smash Hits" stated that it "crucified" the original one "with stupid, blundering unsympathetic Hi-NRG synthesiser noises and that bloody ridiculous voice", adding that he did not like the song, the band or the single cover.

</doc>
<doc id="7035321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035321" title="Fuenterroble de Salvatierra">
Fuenterroble de Salvatierra

Fuenterroble de Salvatierra is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 243 people.
Geography.
The municipality covers an area of and lies above sea level and the postal code is 37768.

</doc>
<doc id="7035324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035324" title="Cape Palinuro">
Cape Palinuro

Cape Palinuro () is located in southwestern Italy, approximately 50 miles (80 km) southeast of Salerno, in southern part of Cilento region. It is supposedly named after Palinurus, the helmsman of Aeneas' ship in Virgil's "Aeneid".
Geography.
Located on the Tyrrhenian Sea, the northern side of the cape is the location of Palinuro, a touristic hamlet of Centola. Southern side faces in the Gulf of Policastro, and is 6 km from Marina di Camerota.
It features a lighthouse that is the second highest (70 meters or 230 feet), in all of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="7035330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035330" title="HMS Riviera">
HMS Riviera

HMS "Riviera" was a seaplane tender which served in the Royal Navy (RN) during the First and Second World Wars. Converted from the cross-Channel packet ship SS "Riviera", she was initially fitted with temporary hangars for three seaplanes for aerial reconnaissance and bombing missions in the North Sea. She participated in the unsuccessful Cuxhaven Raid in late 1914 before she began a more thorough conversion in 1915 that increased her capacity to four aircraft. "Riviera" and her aircraft then spent several years spotting for British warships bombarding the Belgian coast and making unsuccessful attacks on targets in Germany. She was transferred to the Mediterranean in 1918 and returned to her owners the following year.
Sold in 1932 and renamed RMTS "Laird's Isle" for service in the Irish Sea, she was requisitioned again in 1939 by the Admiralty for service as an armed boarding vessel to enforce the British blockade of Germany. HMS "Laird's Isle" became a training ship in 1940 and was then converted in 1944 into a troop transport for amphibious landings. She was returned to her owners after the war and resumed her service in the Irish Sea until she was sold for scrap in 1957.
Description.
"Riviera" had an overall length of , a beam of , and a mean draught of . She displaced at deep load and was rated at . Each of the ship's three sets of direct-drive steam turbines drove one propeller shaft. The ship's six Babcock &amp; Wilcox boilers generated enough steam to produce from the turbines, enough for a designed speed of . She made a speed of during her sea trials from . "Riviera" carried of coal, enough to give her a range of at .
Building and service.
"Riviera" was laid down by William Denny and Brothers at their Dumbarton, Scotland shipyard as a fast packet for the South East and Chatham Railway's Dover and Folkestone to Boulogne runs. The ship was launched on 1 April 1911 and completed later that year. She was requisitioned for service by the Admiralty on 11 August 1914, and was commissioned on 6 September after she was modified to handle seaplanes by Chatham Dockyard. Three canvas hangars were installed, one forward and two aft, and there was no flight deck, the aircraft being lowered onto the sea for takeoff and recovered again from the sea after landing by newly installed derricks. In 1918 her crew numbered 197 officers and ratings, including 53 aviation personnel.
Upon completion of the modifications on 1 September, "Riviera" was assigned to the Harwich Force along with the seaplane tenders and . On Christmas Day 1914, nine aircraft from all three ships took part in the Cuxhaven Raid on hangars housing Zeppelin airships. Seven of the nine seaplanes successfully took off for the attack, but they inflicted little damage. Only three of the aircraft returned to be recovered, but the crews of the other three ditched safely and were recovered by a British submarine and the Dutch trawler "Marta van Hattem".
"Riviera" was purchased in February 1915 by the Admiralty and she was modified by Cunard at Liverpool from 14 February to 7 April 1915 with a permanent, four-aircraft, hangar in the rear superstructure. A pair of cranes were mounted at the rear of the hangar to hoist the seaplanes in and out of the water. Four quick-firing (QF) 12-pounder () 12 cwt guns, each with 130 rounds, and two Vickers QF 3-pounder () anti-aircraft guns, each with 65 rounds, were fitted for self-defence. She also carried a pigeon loft that housed carrier pigeons to be used by her aircraft if their wireless was broken.
Upon completion of the conversion, she rejoined the Harwich Force; in early May she conducted the handling trials of the prototype Short Type 184 floatplane. On 4 July, "Riviera" and "Engadine" attempted to launch aircraft to reconnoitre the River Ems and lure out a Zeppelin so that it could be attacked. Only one of "Riviera"s two Short Brothers floatplanes was able to take off successfully and it dropped a few small bombs without noticeable effect. The pilot located the ships by spotting the four Zeppelins that were observing them. All three of "Engadine"s Sopwith Schneiders, intended to attack the airships, failed to take off.
"Riviera" later saw service with the Dover Patrol where her aircraft flew spotting missions for naval bombardments off the Belgian coast. She was transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet in May 1918 where she was based out of Malta, conducting anti-submarine patrols, for the remainder of the war.
On 31 May 1919 the ship was sold back to her original owners, the South Eastern and Chatham Railway, and resumed her former role as a cross-Channel ferry. "Riviera" passed to the Southern Railway in 1923 in the grouping of Britain's railways. She was sold to the Burns &amp; Laird Lines and renamed RMTS "Laird's Isle" for service in the Irish Sea.
Second World War.
She was once again requisitioned on 28 August 1939 as HMS "Laird's Isle", to serve as an armed boarding vessel. To suit her new duties, she was equipped with a single and two QF two-pounder guns. "Laird's Isle" was converted into a torpedo training ship in 1940. In 1944 she was converted into a Landing Ship, Infantry (LSI(H)) and her two-pounders were replaced by two Oerlikon anti-aircraft guns. Her role was to transport troops to the coast being assaulted where they would disembark via the smaller LCAs carried by the ship. The ship was returned to her owners in 1945 and resumed operations until she was sold for scrap in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="7035331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035331" title="WTSP Local Programs">
WTSP Local Programs



</doc>
<doc id="7035339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035339" title="Bart Creasman">
Bart Creasman

Bartley "Bart" Creasman (born June 8, 1983, in Lake Mary, Florida, United States) is an American former professional soccer goalkeeper who last played for the USL Second Division club Wilmington Hammerheads. Creasman holds two goalkeeping records at his high school, with 258 saves during the 2001 season and 720 saves in total throughout his Lake Mary Soccer career between 1998 and 2001. He joined the Hammerheads in 2004 after playing in the USL Premier Development League with Richmond Kickers Future and Raleigh CASL Elite. He played his collegiate soccer at Davidson College.

</doc>
<doc id="7035340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035340" title="Farmers Insurance Group">
Farmers Insurance Group

Farmers Insurance Group (informally Farmers) is an American insurer group of vehicles, homes and small businesses and also provides other insurance and financial services products. Farmers Insurance has more than 48,000 exclusive and independent agents and approximately 21,000 employees. Farmers is the trade name for three reciprocal exchanges, Farmers, Fire, and Truck, each managed by Farmers Group, Inc. as attorney-in-fact on behalf of their respective policyholders. Farmers Group, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Swiss-based Zurich Insurance Group.
History.
1922 to 2000.
Farmers' future co-founders John C. Tyler and Thomas E. Leavey first met after Tyler moved to California. Tyler and Leavey had both grown up with rural backgrounds and believed that farmers and ranchers, who had better driving records than urbanites, deserved lower insurance premiums. During the 1920s, farmers across the United States were establishing their own mutual insurance firms and cooperatives in order to have less expensive policies. Tyler, the son of a South Dakotan insurance salesman, and Leavey, who had formerly worked for the Federal Farm Loan Bureau and the National Farm Loan Association, recognized that these farmers, ranchers, and other rural drivers were an overlooked market and wished to create their own auto insurance firm.
Tyler and Leavey received a loan from the founder of Bank of America, enabling them to start their company.
Tyler and Leavey opened the doors to their newly founded company, Farmers Automobile Inter-Insurance Exchange, in downtown Los Angeles, California. Tyler served as president with Leavey as vice president. A sales manager and secretary completed the four-employee team.
On March 28, 1928, the first meeting of the board of governors was convened. Two days later, Charles Brisco insured his 1925 Cadillac Phaeton and became the first Farmers customer.
Truck Insurance Exchange, a new reciprocal insurer, was launched to specialize in truck insurance.
Farmers Insurance Exchange was named the leading reciprocal in earned premiums for auto insurance by National Underwriter.
New headquarters building to house the Farmers Automobile Inter-Insurance Exchange and Truck Insurance Exchange, designed by Walker &amp; Eisen in the Moderne style, opens on Wilshire Boulevard. Architects Claud Beelman &amp; Herman Spackler add 4 floors and a seventh-floor garden terrace for staff in 1949.
Fire Insurance Exchange, the third reciprocal insurer, was launched, specializing in home insurance.
Mid-Century Insurance Company became a subsidiary of the Farmers Insurance Exchange. Aside from the insurance coverage provided by the original three exchanges, Mid-Century offered insurance coverage for Inland marine, robbery, burglary, personal lines, plate glass, selected bonds, and floaters.
Seattle-based New World Life Insurance Company was acquired by Farmers.
Farmers began annual participation in the Pasadena Rose Parade, launching its involvement in parades and community events nationwide.
John C. Tyler died at the age of 86. Thomas E. Leavey, the remaining co-founder, took the CEO position.
Thomas E. Leavey retired.
After an eight-month takeover battle, BATUS Inc., the American subsidiary of British conglomerate B.A.T. Industries Plc, acquired Farmers Group, Inc. for $5.2 billion and became the sole stockholder of the company's 68 million shares of common stock.
Multiple, large-scale disasters posed financial challenges to Farmers Insurance. The 1989 San Francisco earthquake, 1991 Oakland fire, and 1994 Northridge, California, earthquake were the three most significant disasters. It was estimated that the losses from the Northridge earthquake alone were $1.3 billion.
In September 1998, the Zurich Financial Services Group was created from the merger with the financial services business of B.A.T. Industries for $18.6 Billion through a dual holding structure.
2000 to present.
In March 2000, the Farmers Exchanges acquired Foremost Corporation of America (Foremost Insurance Group), a leading writer of manufactured homes and a prominent insurer of recreational vehicles, boats and other specialty lines.
In August 2000, Farmers Financial Solutions registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as a broker-dealer. Through it, Farmers began offering mutual fund and variable insurance products.
In October 2000, the Zurich structure was simplified and unified under a single Swiss holding company. Allied Zurich and Zurich Allied shares were replaced by shares of the newly incorporated Zurich Financial Services with a primary listing on SWX Swiss Exchange (ticker symbol: ZURN) and a secondary listing in London. Zurich Financial Services American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) are traded on the American Stock Exchange.
In 2005, after Hurricane Rita hit Beaumont, Texas, leaving it without power, Farmers Insurance brought in almost 300 insurance adjusters to assess exterior property damage in order to expedite the reconstruction effort, provided $100,000 for the emergency operations center, and two badly needed megawatt electric generators.
In July 2007, the Farmers Exchanges acquired Bristol West Holdings, Inc., the parent of a group of insurers specializing in non-standard auto insurance, which provides insurance coverage for drivers whose driving records or other problems make obtaining insurance difficult.
During the October 2007 California wildfires, Farmers was one of only a few companies to set up facilities to aid their customers. In addition to writing checks for evacuation costs, damage claims, lodging and meals, the company ran commercials urging their customers to take advantage of these facilities. The company now also has 2 buses serving as Mobile Command Centers. This mobile claim center arrived at Qualcomm Stadium only two days after the fires started.
In April 2009, Farmers announced that it would acquire 21st Century Insurance from AIG for $1.9 billion. The acquisition made Farmers the joint third-largest personal lines insurer in the U.S. The acquired assets included AIG Hawaii.
In response to the increasing number of deadly storms between 2010 and 2013, Farmers Insurance began "researching a model that municipalities across the United States could use to significantly reduce the time required for residential recovery." Teaming with SBP, a disaster relief organization based out of New Orleans, the result was the Disaster Recovery Playbook, an evolving online resource. Since the guide's initial creation, AmeriCorps has been brought onto the team.
In December 2020, Farmers Exchanges and Farmers Group, Inc. (FGI) announced they will jointly acquire MetLife's property and casualty business (MetLife Auto &amp; Home).
Products and services.
Farmers' products and services include:
Sponsorships.
Farmers Field.
In February 2011, Farmers announced that it had agreed to sponsor a football stadium in the city of Los Angeles. This stadium would have been located downtown, close to the Staples Center. The contract was signed for 30 years, and its estimated cost was $700 million. The deal would have started with $20 million for the first year, then eventual increases. The stadium was planned to be named "Farmers Field". The stadium project was cancelled after the Kroenke Sports &amp; Entertainment announced their own stadium to be built to be the home of the Los Angeles Rams and Los Angeles Chargers.
The Farmers Insurance Open.
Farmers became the title sponsor of the Farmers Insurance Open PGA tournament in Torrey Pines, CA in 2010. The event raises millions for local San Diego charities each year. www.farmersinsuranceopen.com
NASCAR.
Farmers was the sponsor of the No. 5 Chevrolet SS driven by Kasey Kahne for Hendrick Motorsports in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series from the 2012 season till the end of the 2017 season. The year prior, Farmers sponsored Mark Martin and a few years before that, Travis Kvapil. Farmers was the first to introduce a #hashtag on a race car. Kahne's first victory in the No. 5 was at the 2012 Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Farmers promotes its motor-sport relationship through the Farmers Racing website. At the conclusion of the 2017 season, Farmers Insurance left Hendrick motor-sports and NASCAR. The combination produced 6 wins in 6 years together including a Brickyard 400.
Advertising.
Farmers Insurance Group's television advertisements typically center around "Farmers University," a institution in which professor Nathaniel Burke (J. K. Simmons) educates Farmers employees about various unlikely insurance claims (often involving devious animals) the company covers.
Criticism.
Complaints to state insurance departments.
In 2006, Farmers Insurance received the highest number of complaints to state insurance departments in Washington and Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="7035341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035341" title="Satana">
Satana

Satana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7035344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035344" title="Herguijuela del Campo">
Herguijuela del Campo

Herguijuela del Campo is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 91 people.
Geography.
The municipality covers an area of . It lies above sea level and the postal code is 37762.

</doc>
<doc id="7035352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035352" title="Sisters of Saint Martha">
Sisters of Saint Martha

The Sisters of St. Martha were founded as a religious congregation in 1900 at Antigonish, Nova Scotia. The Sisters of St. Martha are members of the Sisters of Charity Federation.
History.
The Sisters of St. Martha were formally established as a religious congregation in 1900. The first members came from a group of women who had responded to a call in 1894 from Bishop of Antigonish John Cameron. They were to be part of an auxiliary congregation of the Sisters of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul (Halifax) in Halifax, and prepared for the ministry of household management at St. Francis Xavier College. Back in the 1880s and 90's, St. Francis Xavier College, established in 1855 in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, faced financial trouble because of difficulties in obtaining and keeping a permanent staff for the household needs of the university. At that time the college was a preseminary for young men as well as a regular academic college.
Mother Fidelis, the Superior General of the Sisters of Charity at the time the sisters were to come to Antigonish in 1897, maintained that the ‘Sisterhood” of the auxiliary sisters had been established a year before Bishop Cameron asked the Sisters of Charity to include St. F.X. University among the institutes managed by the members of the auxiliary sisters. Both views could be correct. In 1894, the development of the institute of auxiliary sisters was in an early stage. Their novitiate seems to have been at the Sisters of Charity convent in Wellesley, Massachusetts, and possibly the novitiate had no more than five members. It appears that, after the order's agreement with Bishop Cameron, the novitiate was transferred to the motherhouse in Halifax in order to receive the candidates from the Diocese of Antigonish, as well as candidates from other dioceses. The basic spiritual formation of the candidates, as well as training in work skills, was provided by a novice mistress and a mistress of work, both Sisters of Charity. The auxiliary Sisters of St. Martha had their own rules and regulations, distinct from the Sisters of Charity.
In 1897 a group of sisters, known as the Sisters of Saint Martha, came to Saint Francis Xavier College; they were still under the direction of the Sisters of Charity. The sisters worked in the household department of St. Francis Xavier, reorganizing, cooking, cleaning, and caring for the sick in the university infirmary. In 1900 Bishop Cameron expressed a wish to establish a separate congregation for Saint Francis Xavier College from among the sisters of the Antigonish diocese who had entered and trained in Halifax. During a retreat, the sisters were invited to establish themselves as a new and separate religious institute and to indicate their choice by standing. Thirteen women stood.
On July 16, 1900, the first volunteers arrived in Antigonish and continued to support the seminary, also expanding their medical services to the community.
In 1906, the sisters were invited to open their first hospital. Care of homeless and neglected children began in 1917, followed by care of unmarried mothers and, later, by family social services. Teaching in rural schools began in 1925. In later years the congregation extended its service to include diversified forms of social work and pastoral ministry.
After the Second Vatican Council the Sisters of Saint Martha experienced challenges. A decrease in membership brought a reduction in ministries. As the council had encouraged religious congregations to appreciate their founding charisms, sacrifices were made and congregation resources were stretched to enable sisters to engage in theological studies, periods of spiritual renewal, spirituality programs and sabbath time. Renewal Centers were established, offering sacred space where laity and religious could gather for personal and communal renewal.
Present day.
In the year 2000, the congregation marked the centenary of their founding.
Since 2013, land behind the motherhouse has been utilized in the congregations's "New Growers Program" for market gardens.
In 2018 the fifty-eight sisters living at the Bethany motherhouse relocated to the nearby Parkland Antigonish, a senior residence facility. The motherhouse was demolished and the site redeveloped as a park, Bethany Centennial Garden.
The Sisters of St. Martha serve in Nova Scotia, Quebec, and Alberta as social workers, in spirituality programs and in street ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="7035358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035358" title="Ohio Writing Project (OWP)">
Ohio Writing Project (OWP)



</doc>
<doc id="7035359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035359" title="Arnside Bore">
Arnside Bore

The Arnside Bore is a tidal bore on the estuary of the River Kent in England, United Kingdom.
The bore occurs at high tides, especially spring tides, where the incoming tide of Morecambe Bay narrows into the river estuary, opposite the village of Arnside.

</doc>
<doc id="7035364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035364" title="Horcajo de Montemayor">
Horcajo de Montemayor

Horcajo de Montemayor is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 154 people.
Geography.
The municipality covers an area of . It lies above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="7035367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035367" title="Hematopoetic stem cells">
Hematopoetic stem cells



</doc>
<doc id="7035368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035368" title="PSM (Magazine)">
PSM (Magazine)



</doc>
<doc id="7035383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035383" title="List of Super Flyweight boxing champions">
List of Super Flyweight boxing champions



</doc>
<doc id="7035384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035384" title="Vietnam War Crimes Working Group Files">
Vietnam War Crimes Working Group Files



</doc>
<doc id="7035388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035388" title="Glosette">
Glosette



</doc>
<doc id="7035390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035390" title="List of radio stations in Pennsylvania by city">
List of radio stations in Pennsylvania by city



</doc>
<doc id="7035394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035394" title="L. ambiguus">
L. ambiguus



</doc>
<doc id="7035398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035398" title="List of radio stations in Pennsylvania by market area">
List of radio stations in Pennsylvania by market area



</doc>
<doc id="7035407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035407" title="Wyoming Public Radio">
Wyoming Public Radio

Wyoming Public Radio (WPR) is the statewide public radio network in Wyoming, and is licensed to the University of Wyoming.
Programming and operation.
Although licensed to the university, the network does not produce student-derived programming. Twice a year, in the fall and in the spring, the station conducts pledge drives, which is where a majority of its budget comes from.
From the UW campus in Laramie, the network produces local news and music programming, mostly consisting of jazz, classical and adult album alternative music. The network also airs a variety of syndicated programs from National Public Radio, Public Radio Exchange, Native Voice One, and American Public Media. Some NPR, PRX, and BBC World Service programming includes Morning Edition, All Things Considered, BBC World Service, and many others.
Wyoming Public Radio also produces Classical Wyoming, a 24-hour classical format. It is available as an analog radio service in Laramie, Rock Springs, and Lander. It is also available on HD-2 throughout the state. WPR is the only public radio network produced in Wyoming. Other public radio networks and stations (including Yellowstone Public Radio, KUER-FM, KUNC, and KUVO) also reach into parts of the state.
History.
Wyoming Public Radio was founded in 1966, and the station's format is similar to that of many other American public radio stations. The station can trace its roots back to KFBU, Wyoming's first radio station, which broadcast from St. Matthew's Cathedral in Laramie. KFBU was put on air by Warner N. Crosby, an engineering student at the University of Wyoming. He held a second-grade commercial license for radio, which, at the time, was required to broadcast. The station went on air with 10 watts on October 3, 1922. In 1923, the station was upgraded to 25 watts and more power later on. The station had a turbulent history but was often received at far distances.
The equipment was donated to the university in 1929. On September 28, 1938, broadcasts from the university were picked up via wire to be aired across the NBC Radio Network.
In 1957, the University's Engineering Department began "University Radio." On January 1, 1965, KTWO, Wyoming's oldest commercial radio station, donated a board to the university to use for on air broadcasts. The station's first affiliate, KUWR, received its license in 1966 and went on air for the fall semester. KUWR-FM broadcast from the student union.
In 1966, then University President John King encouraged the station to be used for sports broadcasts.
KUWR was Wyoming's second FM radio station, and was initially 10 watts, on 91.5 MHz.
The station moved to 91.9 and increased power to 50,000 watts in April 1977. It was at that time that the studios were moved to Knight Hall where they remain today.
In the late 1970s, KUWR began to pick up programming from National Public Radio, including All Things Considered. In the 1980s, network staples like Morning Edition and A Prairie Home Companion were added to the lineup. In the mid-1980s, translators of KUWR were put on air in Casper, and Aspen, Colorado. Demand for the radio network began to grow statewide, along with construction permits for new stations. KUWR's translator in Casper was limited to 10 watts, and the signal was unreliable due to wind issues. It was thought that a state-wide network could be built in 10 years.
Wyoming Public Radio has continued to add stations to improve coverage throughout the state.
In September 2016, Wyoming Public Radio launched a fourth radio service named Wyoming Sounds. Wyoming Sounds is a rock-based format with emphasis on singer-songwriters and a wide variety of styles, including acoustic, folk, blues, soul, reggae, world, and Americana music. It is carried as an analog radio service in Laramie, Torrington, Lander, Riverton, and Worland. It is also available on HD-3 channels throughout the state. Its website is wyomingsounds.org.
The network celebrated its 55th year of broadcasting in 2021 with a slideshow of where the network started and how it grew.
Stations.
Wyoming Sounds.
Wyoming Public Media operates an adult album alternative network branded Wyoming Sounds.
Two of the transmitters in this network, KTWY and KXWY, were previously commercial licenses held by Cochise Broadcasting, which only broadcast periodically to maintain their licenses. In 2017, the FCC entered into a consent decree with Cochise by which it surrendered these stations, KWWY (in the Classical Wyoming network), and other stations for donation to other entities. KNWT operated independently from 2009 to 2017 as a service of Northwest College in Powell.
Classical Wyoming.
Three stations air their own programming, consisting mostly of classical music:
KUWL.
KUWL airs its own programming, consisting mostly of jazz music:
Some of the affiliates are broadcasting digitally via HD Radio, with a subchannel consisting of full-time classical music, mostly from the Classical 24 network.

</doc>
<doc id="7035424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035424" title="Brandon morrow">
Brandon morrow



</doc>
<doc id="7035425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035425" title="Palawano language">
Palawano language

The Palawano languages are spoken in the province of Palawan in the Philippines, by the Palawano people.
Classification.
There are three Palawano languages: the "Quezon Palawano" (PLC) which is also known as "Central Palawano"; "Brooke's Point Palawano" (PLW) and its dialect the "Bugsuk Palawano" or "Southwest Palawano" (PLV). The three Palawano languages share the island with several other Palawanic languages which are not part of the Palawano cluster, though they share a fair amount of vocabulary.
Phonology.
The following overview is based on Revel-MacDonald (1979).
Grammar.
Verb conjugations are similar to other Filipino dialects with prefixes and suffixes indicating tense, object or actor focus, as well as intention (i.e. commands). These prefixes and suffixes can be used to create various parts of speech from the same root word. For example, "biyag", meaning 'life', can be manipulated to mean 'to live' ("megbiyag"), 'full of food' ("mebiyag"), 'to raise to life' ("ipebiyag"), 'living' as an adjective ("biyagen"), or 'living' as a present tense verb form ("pebibiyag").
Palawano creates a diminutive prefix by copying the first CV of the base together with the final base consonant: "kusiŋ" ('cat'): "kuŋ-kusiŋ" ('kitten'), "bajuʔ" ('clothing'): "bäʔ-bajuʔ" ('child's clothing'), "libun" ('woman'): "lin-libun" ('girl'), "kunit" ('yellow'): "kut-kunit" ('yellow flycatcher' (bird)), "siak" ('tears'): "sik-siak" ('crocodile tears/false tears').
Pronouns.
The following set of pronouns are the pronouns found in the Southwest Palawano language. Note: the direct/nominative case is divided between full and short forms.
Vocabulary.
There are many linguistic variations among Palawan family groups with words changing from one valley to the next (i.e. "tabon" for 'mountain' versus "bukid"). Tagalog is frequently used to supply words lacking in the local dialect for modern objects and actions which can cause confusion, especially among the younger generation, between Tagalog and Palawan. The more familiar a family or village is with the Tagalog lowland culture, the more common the language overlap. The Palawano language has also historically incorporated a great number of Malay words. There is also some Bisayan influence similar to what is exhibited in the other parts of Palawan.
Some Brooke's Point Palawan words are:
Phrases:
Comparative wordlist.
The following compares the Palawano languages with other Greater Central Philippine languages.
Writing system.
Latin alphabet.
The spelling is controversial with multiple translators using separate spelling methods, some using Tagalog-based spelling while others use other systems.
Brooke's Point Palawano uses 23 letters: a, b, [k], d, e, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, ng, o, p, r, s, t, u, w, y, and ' (glottal stop). Borrowed: c, f, q, x, z. The 'e' stands for schwa and "dy" makes a 'j' sound.
Ibalnan script.
In the 20th century, the Tagbanwa script was adopted from the Tagbanwa people by the Palawan people further south in the island. They call this alphabet Ibalnan and the vowel mark an "ulit".

</doc>
<doc id="7035429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035429" title="Okey">
Okey

Okey () is a tile-based game, popular in Turkey, of the rummy family. The aim of the game is to score points against the opposing players by collecting certain groups of tiles. It is usually played with four players, but can also be played with only two or three players.
Setting up the game.
The 106 tiles are placed face down on the table and thoroughly mixed. Next, the players stacks the tiles faced down in groups of 5, creating a total of 21 stacks. There is no specific rule about how many stacks should be in front of each player. It is convenient to have at least six in front of the dealer, but this makes no real difference to the game.
One tile remains unstacked and is kept by the dealer briefly. The dealer is randomly chosen at the start and passes to the right after every round.
The dealer then throws a die to determine on which stack the one remaining tile will be placed upon. For example if a 6 is thrown, the tile is placed on the sixth stack in front of the dealer (counting from left). If the number thrown is greater than the number of stacks in front of the dealer, then the count will continue using the stacks in front of the player to dealer's right, and one of these will be selected. The selected stack now has six tiles.
Next, the dealer throws the die for a second time to determine which tile will be shown face-up. The second throw selects one of the tiles in the selected stack, counting upwards from the bottom of the stack. The selected tile is extracted from the stack and placed face-up on top of it. If the selected tile is a false joker, it is returned to the selected stack and the second throw of the die is repeated until a numbered tile is selected.
This face-up tile helps determine the "joker" ("okey") and "false joker" ("sahte okey") for the game. The color and value of the joker and the false joker changes every round.
Determination of joker.
The face-up tile on top of the stack helps determine the joker. The joker has the same color as this face-up tile. And its number for is +1 of this tile. For example, if the face up-tile is the red 10, the red 11s become jokers. If the face up tile is a 13, the 1s of the same colour become jokers.
The joker is a very useful tile, because it functions as a wild tile that can be used to represent other tiles to complete a combination. Players with the joker tile are free to assign for themselves which color and number the joker tile will represent.
Determination of false joker.
The face-up tile on top of the stack also helps determine the false joker. The false jokers are not wild - they are used only to represent the tiles that have become jokers. So for example, if the red 11s became the jokers, then the false jokers are played as red 11s (and cannot represent any other tile).
New players may wonder why false joker tiles aren't used as joker themself. A possible reason can be that through any defect in the tiles, some players learn to recognise the false jokers from the back, that would give them an unfair advantage. If a different tile is used as the joker in each game, recognising a joker from the back becomes much more difficult.
Distribution of the tiles.
After determining the joker and the false joker, the stacks of tiles are distributed among the players. The player to dealer's right will receive 15 tiles and the others 14 each. The player to the right of the dealer takes the next stack after (to the right of) the selected stack with the face up tile on top of it, then the player opposite the dealer takes the following stack, and so on anticlockwise around the table, until each player has two stacks (10 tiles). Now the player to the dealer's right receives the whole of the next stack, but the player sitting opposite the dealer is given only the top 4 tiles of the following stack. The player to the dealer's left receives the last tile of this stack and 3 tiles from the top of the next stack, and finally the dealer takes the last 2 tiles from this stack and 2 from the next stack.
In the above diagram the dealer threw a 5, placed the spare tile on top of the 5th stack from her left. She then threw a 2, and took the second tile from the bottom of the selected stack and placed it on top. It is a red 4, so red 5s will be jokers for this deal. Now player 2 must take stack 'a', player 3 stack 'b', player 4 'c', player 1 'd', player 2 'e', player 3 'f', player 4 'g', player 1 'h' and player 2 'i'. Next player 3 takes the top 4 tiles of stack 'j', player 4 the last tile of 'j' and three from 'k', and player 1 two from 'k' and two from 'l'.
All the players should arrange their tiles so that they can see their faces but the other players cannot. Wooden racks are often used for this. The remaining tiles are left for the players to draw from during the game. They are moved to the middle of the table, without looking at them or disturbing their order.
Play.
Before the round starts, a player can score a point if the player holds the tile that matches the face-up tile. If the player doesn't show the tile to others, it will miss out the point.
Now the player to the dealer's right begins the play by discarding one tile, face up. After this, each player in turn may either take the tile just discarded by the previous player, or draw the next tile from the supply in the centre of the table, and must then discard one unwanted tile. This continues in anticlockwise rotation until a player forms a winning hand and exposes it, ending the play.
Discarded tiles are placed to the right of the player who discarded them, in a stack, so that only the most recent discard in the stack is visible.
The usual rule is that the player is allowed to look through all the tiles in the discard stacks to their right (tiles they discarded) and to their left (tiles they had an opportunity to take), but they can only see the exposed top tiles of the two discard stacks on the other side of the table.
Tiles are always drawn from the top of the next available stack. When only the final stack of 6 tiles remains, the exposed tile is removed from the top of this stack and the other five tiles are drawn in order. The exposed tile (the red 4 in the example diagrams) can never be drawn. When there are no tiles left in the centre except the single exposed tile, if the next player to play does not want to take the previous player's discard, the play ends because there are no cards left to draw.
Winning conditions.
There are multiple ways for a player to win a round. The object of the game is to have a rack full of runs, sets or seven pairs. 
A "run" is composed of three or more, same-colored tiles, in consecutive number order. (After 13, a 1 may follow but it can't continue after 1)
A "set" is made from three or four same-value tiles in distinct colors.
Another type of winning hand consists of having at least seven pairs. Two identical tiles (same number and colour) is called a pair.
If a player has a winning hand, he or she must show it to the other players. The other players then check whether all of 14 tiles of the player are grouped correctly. Apart from the discarded tiles and the face up tile on top of the six-tile stack, no tiles are exposed until a player shows a winning hand: no sets or runs are exposed during the game.
Examples of invalid groupings.
The 1 can be used as the lowest tile, below the 2, or as the highest tile, above the 13, but not both at once. So black 1-2-3 or black 12-13-1 would be valid runs, but black 13-1-2 would not be valid.
Usage of jokers and false jokers.
As previously explained, the two tiles that are the same colour as the face up tile and one greater in number are the jokers. These tiles can be used to represent any tile the holder desires, in order to complete a set or run. Assuming a round with red 5 as being the joker:
The two false jokers - the tiles without numbers - are used only to represent the joker tiles. So for example when red 5s are jokers, the false jokers are played as red 5s: for example {red 4, false joker, red 6} is a run, and {black 5, green 5, yellow 5, false joker} is a set.
If the player has a winning hand of groups and runs using at least one joker, they do not have to expose it immediately. If they wish, they can continue playing in the hope of forming a winning hand plus a joker. If the player is able to end the game by discarding a joker and exposing their remaining 14 tiles as a winning hand, their win is worth twice as much as an ordinary win. Note that by continuing to play instead of exposing their ordinary win, the player run the risk that another player may complete a winning hand and expose it before they can achieve their double win, in which case they gain nothing for their concealed winning hand.
Scoring.
Each player begins the game with 20 points and loses points each time another player wins a game, as follows:
If the game ends without any player exposing a winning hand (because there are no tiles left to draw, and the player whose turn it is cannot win by taking the previous discard), then there is no score.
Play continues until any player's score reaches zero or less. The two players with the highest scores at that time are the winners and the two with the lowest scores are the losers.
Variations.
Some play that any player whose score reaches zero or less leaves the game, but the other players continue to play.
Some play that the players sitting opposite each other are partners. In practice partners cannot help each other much, except by cheating(!) [In the partnership game, presumably each team starts with 20 points, and when a player exposes a winning hand, the opposing team loses 2 or 4 points as appropriate. If a player shows the tile matching the exposed tile at the start, the other team loses 1 point.]
Some players use the exposed tile as the last tile to be drawn from the centre, when all the other tiles have been taken.
Some players omit the formal procedure for choosing the joker and distributing the tiles. Having shuffled the tiles face down on the table, each player simply takes any 14 tiles from the table (the player chosen to play first taking 15) and a tile is turned up to be the joker. When drawing tiles during the play, any face down tile can be taken from the stock on the table.
Some play that a player who wins a game with tiles of one colour only, the score is doubled: the other players lose 4 points if the winner discarded an ordinary tile, 8 points if the winner's final discard was a joker. Some only award this double score for a hand consisting entirely of red tiles or black tiles.
"Okey" 101.
This variant is played with four players over multiple rounds. The object of the game is to collect as few points as possible at the end of the game. The player who has the fewest points, after all of the rounds are completed, is declared the winner. Points are determined according to the face value of the tile (e.g. a red 3 = 3 points &amp; a black 11 = 11 points).
A round is completed when there are no more tiles left to draw from the bank or when one of the players has completed his/her hand (tiles on the rack). A game is played over a predetermined number of rounds (e.g. 3,5,7,9 or 11 rounds). All of the rounds must be completed before a winner is declared, not just a best of rounds.
Starting the game.
After a random dealer is chosen, each player is given 21 tiles except for the dealer, who gets 22 tiles. The rest of the tiles go face down into the bank and one tile which indicates what the joker will be is turned face up. The game is played counter-clockwise. The dealer starts the game by throwing away one of his tiles. The turn then goes to the player on his right.
A player starts their turn by either taking a tile from the bank or taking the tile thrown away by the previous player. The player then either 'opens' (puts his sets on the table) and/or adds to the sets already on the table. If the player cannot open they finish the turn by throwing away one of the tiles from their hand. A player must always throw away a tile to finish the turn, even when finishing their entire hand.
Joker.
The tile that indicates what the joker will be changes each individual round. The two joker tiles (also called 'false jokers') are the same value as this tile's value plus 1. These jokers look different from the standard tiles and vary in appearance according to the tile set used.
The actual jokers (which can represent any tile in the game) are the actual tiles that get replaced by the false jokers. If, for example, the indicator tile is a blue 5, the actual jokers are the two blue 6 tiles and the joker tiles (or false jokers) have the value of the blue 6.
Sets and opening.
The minimum number of points required to open a player's hand is 101. In order to open, the player needs to create sets of either 3 or 4 identical numbered tiles of different colors (e.g. black 5, red 5 &amp; blue 5) or running numbers of the same color (e.g. red 7, red 8, and red 9). A set must have a minimum of three tiles. Players are only allowed to add to existing sets on the table after they have opened with a minimum of 101 points already. Players are, of course, allowed to open and then add to other sets within the same turn.
If a player takes the discarded tile from the previous player, they must always use that tile. If the player has not opened yet, he/she must open with that tile included. The player is not allowed to keep the tile in their hand. A player is allowed to take the discarded tile and then return it and still take from the bank without receiving a penalty.
Doubles.
Another way to open a hand is with a minimum of five doubles. Doubles are two identical tiles. If a player opens with doubles, they are not allowed to lay normal sets. They are, however, allowed to add tiles to existing sets from other players on the table.
If all four players open with doubles within one round, that round gets canceled and replayed. No players receive any penalties.
Point scoring and end of the game.
In order to complete a round, a player must play all the sets from their hand and finish with discarding a tile. The other players receive penalty points.
When all of the rounds have finished, all penalty and minus points of all of the rounds are added together and the player with the fewest points is the winner.
Additional penalties.
Players receive an additional penalty of 101 for the following actions. These penalties are added to the total points for that round.
Additional rules.
If the indicator tile is a 13 the joker then becomes a 1.
Sets of the same number are not allowed to have the same color in them (e.g. A blue 10, a red 10 &amp; a blue 10 is not allowed).
Running sets are not allowed to continue from 13 to the 1 (e.g. black 13, black 1 &amp; black 2 is not allowed).

</doc>
<doc id="7035433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035433" title="Ahamad">
Ahamad



</doc>
<doc id="7035439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035439" title="Chou-Reggia loop">
Chou-Reggia loop



</doc>
<doc id="7035440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035440" title="Life with Luigi">
Life with Luigi

Life with Luigi is an American radio situation comedy series which began September 21, 1948, on CBS Radio and broadcast its final episode on March 3, 1953.
The action centered on Luigi Basco, an antique shop owner, and his experiences as a newly arrived Italian immigrant in Chicago. Many episodes took place at the night school classes that Luigi attended with other immigrants from different countries. Another common theme involved Luigi's landlord/sponsor, Pasquale, scheming to get Luigi to marry his obese daughter. Perennial character actor and two-time Academy Award nominee J. Carrol Naish played Luigi.
"Life with Luigi" was created by Cy Howard, who had earlier created the hit radio comedy, "My Friend Irma". The working title was "The Little Immigrant", echoed in the sign-off of each episode, "Your lovin-a son-a, Luigi Basco, the li'l immigrant." Other characters on the show included Pasquale (Alan Reed), another Italian immigrant who is always trying to trap Luigi into marrying his daughter Rosa (Jody Gilbert); Miss Spaulding (Mary Shipp), Luigi's night school teacher and ideal woman; and Schultz (Hans Conried), a German immigrant and fellow student in Luigi's citizenship class. The other night school classmates were Horowitz (Joe Forte) and the Swedish Olsen (Ken Peters). Native Chicagoan Jimmy (Gil Stratton), Luigi's young helper at the store, featured in the early episodes. Each episode used the framing device of Luigi narrating a letter to his mother back in Italy.
The show was popular, successfully competing with Bob Hope's "The Pepsodent Show". For most of its run, "Life with Luigi" aired at 9 pm on Tuesdays. Despite an estimated 30% share of the audience in its timeslot, the show was without a sponsor until Wrigley's Gum bought it in 1950, continuing till the show ended in 1953.
TV version.
A live CBS Television version aired beginning on September 22, 1952, but was short-lived. Naish, Reed, Gilbert, and Shipp all reprised their radio characters on the television show. Originating at KNXT in Hollywood, the program was sponsored by Instant Maxwell House Coffee. Mac Benoff produced and Norman Tokar directed. Benoff and Lou Derman were the writers, and Lud Gluskin directed the music.
Although it enjoyed high ratings, the show was pulled because of pressure from the Italian-American community. CBS tried to respond to advertisers' concerns by tinkering with the characters, the writing, and replacing Naish, Reed and Gilbert with Vito Scotti, Thomas Gomez, and Muriel Landers respectively, but the revised show was unsuccessful and was cancelled within weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="7035443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035443" title="Calleigh Duquesne">
Calleigh Duquesne



</doc>
<doc id="7035459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035459" title="WTVT Local Programs">
WTVT Local Programs



</doc>
<doc id="7035460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035460" title="5381 Sekhmet">
5381 Sekhmet

5381 Sekhmet is an Aten asteroid whose orbit is sometimes closer to the Sun than the Earth's. Carolyn Shoemaker at Palomar Observatory discovered it on 14 May 1991. It is named after Sekhmet, the Egyptian goddess of war.
Sekhmet is believed to be an S-type asteroid, and some believe its diameter is approximately 1.4 km.
In December 2003, a team of astronomers at Arecibo Observatory announced that the asteroid may have a moon that measures 300 m in diameter and orbits approximately 1.5 km from Sekhmet. This moon is not yet confirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="7035463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035463" title="Malagasy kestrel">
Malagasy kestrel

The Malagasy kestrel (Falco newtoni), also known as the Madagascar kestrel, Malagasy spotted kestrel, Newton's kestrel, Madagascar spotted kestrel, katiti (Creole) or hitsikitsika (Malagasy), is a small bird of prey of the genus "Falco". It is named after British ornithologist Edward Newton. It occurs in two subspecies on Madagascar and at Aldabra. The race from Aldabra is also called Aldabra kestrel ("Falco newtoni aldabranus"). Its closest living relative is the Seychelles kestrel; they were at one time considered conspecific. Their common ancestors appear to have diverged very recently, probably less than 1 million years ago during the Early or Middle Pleistocene.
The Mauritius kestrel is more distantly related.(Groombridge "et al." 2002)
Description.
It can reach a size of 30 cm. The wings are 180 mm to 195 mm at the males and 188 mm to 203 mm at the females. The males can reach a weight between 112 and 118 grams. The weight of the females is up to 128 grams. The head and the nape of the males is rufous grey with dark streaks. A dark moustachial streak running from the basis of the bill backwards to sides of the throat. The upperparts and the wingcoverts are chestnut with black spots. The uppertail coverts are grey with blackish spots. The long flight feathers are blackish brown, the inner webs are covered with white and chestnut spots. The underparts are whitish. The short flight feathers are chestnut coloured and dark banded. The chest, belly and underwing coverts are covered with black spots. The tail is grey coloured. It has six to seven narrow black bars and a broad subterminal bar. All feathers have white tips. In addition there is a rufous phase. At this morph the head and nape are almost black. Body and underwing coverts are dark chestnut brown with black streaks and spots. The throat exhibits a buffish-white hue. The underwing coverts are greyish white and spotted black. The head of the females is stronger chestnut coloured. The underparts are more spotted and the tail is brown with black bars. Both sexes exhibits a slate grey bill with a black tip. The cere is yellow. The legs are either yellow or bright orange (rufous morph). The juveniles are similar coloured as the females.
Distribution and habitat.
The Malagasy kestrel has a large range of occurrence and it is native to Madagascar, Mayotte, and the Comores. It is a breeding resident on Madagascar where it occurs in savannas and wetlands but also artificial landscapes in the vicinity of human settlements in altitudes from 0 to 2000 asl. It is uncommon in forests. The habitat of the Aldabra kestrel is the Aldabran Island of Grande Terre but there is also evidence for the island of Anjouan at the Comores.
Reproduction.
The Malagasy kestrel usually nests on rock ledges, in buildings, in tree holes, or in the stick nests of other birds, such as the pied crow. Four to six eggs are laid, usually in September, and are incubated by the female only, who is fed by the male at regular intervals during incubation.
Diet.
Insects take up the majority of the Malagasy kestrel's diet, which are usually taken during flight, but it also occasionally eats small birds, frogs, and mammals, all of which are taken on the ground. It hunts from a low perch, hawking or hovering with the wing, at dawn or dusk.
Voice.
The Malagasy kestrel's call consists of a sharp scream of "iitsi, kitsi, kitsi, kitsi" or a loud repeated twitter.

</doc>
<doc id="7035465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035465" title="Julio Casas Regueiro">
Julio Casas Regueiro

Corps General Julio Casas Regueiro (February 18, 1936 – September 3, 2011) was a Cuban politician. He was a vice-president of the Council of State and the minister of defense.
Previously, Regueiro was the deputy minister of MINFAR in charge of economic activity and was in charge of Cuba's holding company, GAE SA, which is the holding company for the commercial activities belonging to MINFAR, the Cuban Armed Forces Ministry. It manages much of Cuba's lucrative tourist industry (such as the company Gaviota) along with agriculture, import-export businesses, retail stores and other enterprises.
On February 24, 2008, he was named as one of Cuba's vice-presidents and as minister of defense, succeeding long-time defense minister Raúl Castro, who was named as President of Cuba on the same day. On this occasion, Castro said: "I have always had criticism for generals in our armed forces, but in 50 years I don't recall having ever criticized General Julio Casas Regueiro". His older brother was Senén Casas Regueiro.
Military.
With the creation of the Second Eastern Front "Frank País" in March 1958, he joined the ranks of Commander Raúl Castro. Subsequently, he went to Column No. 6, participating in multiple combats and in the capture of the city of Guantánamo on January 1, 1959. With the victory of the Cuban Revolution, he commanded the headquarters of the National Revolutionary Police, with whose troops he participated in the defense of Playa Girón.
Since 1961 he held various logistical positions in the Revolutionary Armed Forces. He was promoted in 1969 to Vice Minister. He studied at various military schools, including the Academy of the General Staff of the USSR “Voroshilov”. He served as chief of the Eastern Army, chief of the Antiaircraft Defense Troops ا Anti-aircraft and Revolutionary Air Force, substitute for the minister for economic activity, first deputy minister and from February 2008 until his death in 2011 minister of the Revolutionary Armed Forces. He fought in the Ogaden War fighting for Ethiopia as substitute for the chief of the military mission (Major General Arnaldo Ochoa).
He received various national and international decorations, including the title of Hero of the Republic of Cuba and the Playa Girón Order that was awarded to him on April 16, 2001, on the occasion of the 40th anniversary of the Victory of Playa Girón.
Politics.
He was founder of the Communist Party of Cuba and delegate and member of the Central Committee since the First Congress until his death. In the IV Congress he was elected a member of the Political Bureau, a condition ratified by the V and VI congresses. Since 1981 he has been a deputy to the National Assembly of People's Power of Cuba, member of the Council of State since 1986 and in 2008 he was elected vice president of the Council of State.
Since 1961 he held various logistical positions in the Revolutionary Armed Forces. He was promoted in 1969 to vice minister. He studied at various military schools, including the Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia.
Death.
General Julio Casas Regueiro died in Havana, Cuba, on September 3, 2011, as a consequence of a cardiorespiratory arrest. His mortal remains were cremated and they were deposited in the Granma Room of MINFAR until their transfer to the Mausoleum of the II Frank País Eastern Front,
Burial of the mortal remains.
Shortly before 8:30 a.m. On Saturday, November 5, the burial ceremony of his mortal remains began. There, Army General Raúl Castro Ruz waited for the relatives who brought with them the urn with the ashes of the Army Corps General.
The Generals of the Army Corps Abelardo Colomé Ibarra, minister of the interior, Leopoldo Cintra Frías, Álvaro López Miera and Joaquín Quintas Solá, Vice Minister of the Revolutionary Armed Forces carried out the last honor guard.
Inhabitants of the II Front, members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces, leaders of the Party and the Government in the province and the municipality, arrived here to, on behalf of the Cuban people bury Julio Casas, who died on September 3.

</doc>
<doc id="7035468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035468" title="Karleton Lewis Armstrong">
Karleton Lewis Armstrong



</doc>
<doc id="7035471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035471" title="Agutaynen language">
Agutaynen language

The Agutaynen language is spoken on Agutaya Island in the province of Palawan in the Philippines.
Distribution.
Caabay &amp; Melvin (2014: 1-2) note that Agutaynen is spoken by about 15,000 people on Agutaya Island and six of the smaller of the smaller Cuyo Islands, namely Diit, Maracañao, Matarawis, Algeciras, Concepcion, and Quiniluban. After World War II, Agutaynen speakers were also moved to San Vicente, Roxas, Brooke’s Point, Balabac, Linapacan, and Puerto Princesa City municipalities on Palawan Island.
Grammar.
Pronouns.
The following set of pronouns are the pronouns found in the Agutaynen language. Note: the direct/nominative case is divided between full and short forms.

</doc>
<doc id="7035473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035473" title="Windfall II">
Windfall II

Windfall II is a retired Trakehner stallion that competed internationally in the equestrian sport of eventing.
Breeding.
Sire's Side.
Windfall is registered with the Trakehner Verband, despite only having one grandparent with East Prussian Trakehner bloodlines, his sire's dam, Hallo. Hallo's dam, Handschelle, was part of the elite mare herd at the stud in Trakehnen and tended to produce heavier-boned offspring. Hallo was therefore bred to a lighter stallion, the Anglo-Arabian Burnus AA. Burnus was ridden by the acclaimed Reiner Klimke on the German national team in eventing, before retiring to stand at stud. Burnus and Hallo produced the sire of Windfall, Habicht.
Habicht won his 100-day testing, and went on to be an incredibly successful event horse, winning the CCI*** at Achselschwang and finishing as the best German horse at the Burghley CCI****. His breeding career was equally impressive, producing top horses in not only eventing, but also dressage and show jumping. The stallion is also still used as the standard for a jumper, due to his excellent bascule, the great folding of his front legs, and his overall willingness to jump.
Dam's side.
Windfall's dam, Wundermaedel xx, was an approved "Elite Mare" in the Trakehner Verband studbook, being one of only three Thoroughbred mares to earn the "elite" status, out of a total of 110. Her lineage includes top European racing bloodlines: her sire Madruzzo xx won St. Legere and finished second in the German Derby, and was a top-ranked steeplechase sire in the 1970s. Wundermaedel raced nine times, winning once and placing five times before she was inspected by the Trakehner Verband (who gave her a "10" for type). She then began her successful eventing career, winning up to the advanced level. As a broodmare, she produced the mare Windspiel, who was named “Trakehner of the Year 1997” and finished seventh at the Luhmuehlen CCI***, and five colts, all of whom were selected for the Neumuenster stallion inspections.
Life in Germany.
Windfall was bred by Heinz Lembke, the owner of his dam. Foaled in April 1992, he was purchased after weaning by Gestuet Hoerstein, one of the most well-known breeding stations for Trakehner event horses in the world. As a two-year-old, Windfall was one of 75 colts, out of 1000, to be selected for the Koerung at Neumunster. There he was one of only five colts to be given "premium" status, and was the only one of the five to be half-thoroughbred. Windfall was then sold at auction to Wolfgang and Christa Diehm.
He had a short breeding career early in his life, but this was ended when he began his eventing career, to help reduce the chance of distraction. As a four-year-old, Windfall was sent to German Olympian Ingrid Klimke, the daughter of Reiner Klimke. She rode Windfall for four years, earning 40 wins or placings. These included the German Young Horse Championships, during which Windfall was used for dressage, cross-country, and the showjumping phase; and wins at every 1999 CIC** or CIC*** in Germany. Additionally, he was short-listed for the German Eventing Team at the 2000 Olympics, but did not compete because Klimke was selected to ride a different horse.
Life in the United States.
Windfall was sold to Tim Holekamp, owner of New Spring Farm, in 2000, and imported to the US in January 2001. He was purchased not only to continue his successful career as an event horse, but also for breeding purposes, bringing his quality Trakehner blood to the United States.
Windfall and his new rider, Darren Chiacchia, had trust issues early in their partnership. This usually manifested itself on the cross-country course, where trust is essential. Difficulties during their first Advanced-level events resulted in Windfall being dropped to the Preliminary level. Once Windfall gained trust in his rider, however, his performance improved.
Windfall won several Advanced events in the United States. In August 2006, Windfall became only the fourth horse in US Eventing history to earn 1,000 points, joining Giltedge, Winsome Adante, and Hannigan. He also won the 2003 Pan American Games, won the 2004 Modified Rolex Kentucky Three Day event, and was part of the bronze-medal 2004 US Eventing Team.
Breeding career.
Windfall is a registered Trakehner and was approved by the Irish Horse Board, Westphalian Verband, Swedish Warmblood registry, and Hanoverian registry (named an "elite Hanoverian Stallion"). Windfall can be found in the American Trakehner Association horse search as E.H. Windfall *Pg*E*. His registration number is OSB-E-S353.
Windfall was bred in Germany prior to his event career. During his first year in the United States, Windfall sired 9 foals, and produced 17 foals in 2002, all by artificial insemination.
As of 2025, two of Windfall's most successful offspring include Tsetserleg and Vandiver. Tsetserleg won individual and team gold medals representing the USA in the Pan American games in Lima, Peru, and then became a Team USA horse in the Tokyo Olympics alongside another Windfall son, Vandiver, who also excelled in showjumping. Tsetserleg also competed in the 2022 World Equestrian Games at Pratoni, Italy where he won a team silver.
Competitive career in the United States.
Windfall was competitive in the dressage phase of eventing, usually winning or placing in the top three each time. After retiring from an illustrious eventing career, Windfall went on to compete up the levels of dressage through Grand Prix. Windfall was competitive in showjumping, competing in Level Five (jumping 3'9-4') classes.
Successful placings.
2001 
2002
2003
2004 
2005
2006
2007
Retirement.
After retiring from eventing competitions, Windfall continued his breeding career and went on to sire 94 direct offspring. He lives at the Holekamp's farm in MO. where he went on to a career in dressage and in 2013 at the age of 21, competed in Grand Prix dressage under his long time owner, Cheryl Holekamp. In 2022, at the age of 30 (and still a stallion), Cheryl &amp; Windfall completed their USDF century ride together.

</doc>
<doc id="7035480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035480" title="Sekmet">
Sekmet



</doc>
<doc id="7035485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035485" title="Racism baha'i">
Racism baha'i



</doc>
<doc id="7035489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035489" title="Urid">
Urid



</doc>
<doc id="7035491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035491" title="Egyptian goddess">
Egyptian goddess



</doc>
<doc id="7035498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035498" title="Race unity baha'i">
Race unity baha'i



</doc>
<doc id="7035500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035500" title="The Harrisons">
The Harrisons



</doc>
<doc id="7035503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035503" title="Algorfa">
Algorfa

Algorfa () is a village in the Costa Blanca area of Spain, near the coast and surrounded by Mediterranean pine forest and citrus groves. 
Algorfa lies on the banks of the Segura river and is approximately ten minutes' drive to the nearest blue flag beaches of the Mediterranean and a 35 minutes' drive from the Alicante Airport and the Murcia–San Javier Airport. It is a ten minute drive inland from the coastal resort of Guardamar del Segura.
As one of Vega Baja del Segura’s citrus farming villages, with a population of nearly 3,000, Algorfa is situated within a fertile countryside.
Just outside the village is an unusual neo-Gothic church that was built at the beginning of the nineteenth century. Algorfa holds a market on Wednesdays.
It is also home to the La Finca Golf Club and to three urbanizations: Lo Crispín, and Montebello, each constituted by villas and apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="7035505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035505" title="Every Loser Wins">
Every Loser Wins

"Every Loser Wins" is a 1986 song performed by English actor and singer Nick Berry. Written and produced by Simon May, Stewart James and Bradley James, the song was heavily featured in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" throughout the summer of 1986, sung by Berry's character Simon "Wicksy" Wicks.
When released as a single, "Every Loser Wins" spent three weeks at number one on the UK singles chart in October and November 1986. It was the second biggest-selling single in the UK that year, after "Don't Leave Me This Way" by the Communards. The song's three composers each received an Ivor Novello Award for it.
"Every Loser Wins" peaked at number 93 on the Australia Kent Music Report in 1987.
The song in "EastEnders".
Simon first plays "Every Loser Wins" in episode 165 of "EastEnders" after leaving the Banned, performing it alone on a piano in the Queen Victoria pub. In the next episode, he plays it to Michelle Fowler (Susan Tully) and Lofty Holloway (Tom Watt) and they record it onto a cassette. In the next episode, Michelle and Lofty tell Simon it is "their song". In episode 170, Lofty listens to it on loop after Michelle jilts him at their wedding. In episode 172, Simon has a sing-along in the Vic and Ian Beale requests "Every Loser Wins", which Simon plays but Lofty walks out because of the memories it brings. Simon performs it again in episode 175, causing Michelle to cry and Mary Smith (Linda Davidson) calls it "sentimental garbage" and Harry Reynolds (Gareth Potter) calls it "music to vomit to", causing a fight between Simon and Harry.

</doc>
<doc id="7035508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035508" title="Race unity bahai">
Race unity bahai



</doc>
<doc id="7035511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035511" title="Karleton Armstrong">
Karleton Armstrong



</doc>
<doc id="7035518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035518" title="Kagayanen language">
Kagayanen language

The Kagayanen language is spoken in the province of Palawan in the Philippines. It belongs to the Manobo subgroup of the Austronesian language family and is the only member of this subgroup that is not spoken on Mindanao or nearby islands.
Distribution.
Kagayanen is spoken in the following areas:
Phonology.
 occurs only in loan words, proper names, or in words that have in the cognates of neighboring languages. Outside of loanwords, becomes between vowels.
Comparative and historical evidence suggests that and were in complementary distribution before a split occurred likely with pressure from contact with English, Spanish, and Tagalog.
 ranges between and , except in unstressed syllables (as well as before consonant clusters) where it lowers to or . Similarly, lowers to in unstressed syllables, before consonant clusters, and word-finally. It is otherwise .
Grammar.
Most roots in Kagayanen do not have a defined part of speech but can function in predication (like verbs), referring (like nouns), or modifying (like adjectives and adverbs). For example, is a root often used to refer to "cooked rice", but when inflected as a verb, the same root can mean "eat". Verbs are inflected for mood, volition, voice (transitive/intransitive in Pebley's terminology), and whether the absolutive argument is a typical affected patient (applicative marking). As with other Austronesian languages, one argument of a verb is always treated specially by the syntax. Pebley refers to this unmarked noun phrase (which is often but not always in a patient role when another argument is present) simply as the "absolutive" argument. (Van Valin 2005) refers to this as the PSA, the "privileged syntactic argument", but linguists use a variety of terms to refer to this type of argument.

</doc>
<doc id="7035525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035525" title="Acanceh">
Acanceh

Acanceh () is a town and ancient Maya archaeological site located in the Mexican state of Yucatán, from the state capital at Mérida. It is the seat of the municipality of Acanceh. The modern town of Acanceh is partially atop the pre-Columbian site, and occupation seems to have been continuous. Acanceh means "groan of the deer" in the Yucatec Maya language.
The population of Acanceh, about 11,000 people, is mostly Maya, with the Mayan language predominantly spoken, although basic Spanish is generally understood.
Ancient Acanceh.
Acanceh was founded sometime between 300 and 500 AD, during the Early Classic period, possibly by the Itzaes in their first migration from the east to the west of the Yucatán peninsula, having come from the lake area of Bacalar and having founded Chichen Itzá, Izamal and T'Hó (currently Mérida.)
In more recent times, before the arrival of the Spaniards, Acanceh was located within the jurisdiction (Kuchkabal) of the chakanes.
The ancient Maya city covered more than 4 km² and had about 400 buildings. Three of these buildings have been restored and are open to the public, although recent excavations have uncovered more structures. The three-leveled step pyramid in Acanceh is 11 meters high. One of the older layers of the pyramid has been uncovered revealing several distinctive carved masks as part of the pyramid's decoration. The "Palace of the Stuccos" is 50 meters wide, 6 meters high, and contains many elaborate friezes. This building's design is very complex, with many rooms and detailed carvings. The architecture of the structures at Acanceh show a Teotihuacano influence, leading some to believe it was a "colony" of Teotihuacan.

</doc>
<doc id="7035527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035527" title="Membribe de la Sierra">
Membribe de la Sierra

Membribe de la Sierra is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 124 people.
Geography.
The municipality covers an area of . It lies above sea level and the postal code is 37766.
The municipality has the hamlets Coquilla (5 hab.), Garriel, Navagallega and Segovia del Doctor which only have a family in each.

</doc>
<doc id="7035530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035530" title="Mount Vernon (NY)">
Mount Vernon (NY)



</doc>
<doc id="7035532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035532" title="Ulises Rosales del Toro">
Ulises Rosales del Toro

General Ulises Rosales del Toro (born March 8, 1942), is a Cuban politician and soldier. He is the former Cuban Minister of Agriculture (2008–2010).
Early life.
He serves in Cuba's Politburo of the Communist Party of Cuba, and previously served as chief of the general staff of the armed forces during the 1980s. He previously held the position of sugar minister. He has been Cuban Vice President since 19 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7035535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035535" title="Battle of Monocacy Junction">
Battle of Monocacy Junction



</doc>
<doc id="7035561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035561" title="Bahai racism">
Bahai racism



</doc>
<doc id="7035566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035566" title="Navarredonda de la Rinconada">
Navarredonda de la Rinconada

Navarredonda de la Rinconada, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon, is a village and municipality in the western province of Salamanca in Spain. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 185 people.
Geography.
The municipality covers an area of and lies above sea level and the postal code is 37607.

</doc>
<doc id="7035575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035575" title="Autshumato">
Autshumato

Autshumato (or Autshumao; "Herry" or "Harry de Strandloper") was a chief of the Khoikhoi Gorinhaikonas (or Goringhaicona) who worked as an interpreter for the Europeans in present-day Cape Town, South Africa, both prior to and during the establishment of the Dutch settlement on the Cape of Good Hope in 1652.
His date of birth is unknown, but it is thought that he lived between about 1625 and 1663. In 1630, he was taken to Bantam; there he was taught English and Dutch in order to facilitate trade between settlers and his people. As chief and interpreter, he accrued considerable wealth. In 1632, he moved to Robben Island, working as postman and liaison for European ships passing the island. Moving back to the mainland eight years later, Autshumato worked to create trade between the Gorinhaikonas and the Dutch.
On 6 April 1652, Jan van Riebeeck, a Dutchman employed by the "Verenigde Oostindische Compagnie" (V.O.C.), arrived at the Cape to take control of the burgeoning settlement that eventually became Cape Town.
In the year 1658, Jan van Riebeeck imprisoned Autshumato on Robben Island. Despite his escape with another prisoner, the Dutch settlers allowed him to resume his work as an interpreter for the rest of his lifetime.
He died in 1663.
Family.
Fellow interpreter and colonial liaison Krotoa, otherwise known as Eva van Meerhoff, was Autshumato's niece.
Legacy.
The South African Department of Arts and Culture and the Centre for Text Technology (CTexT®), at the North-West University (NWU) initiated a project named after Autshumato in 2007. The aims of the Autshumato project is to research, develop and support open-source translation software in order to promote multilingualism and access to information in South Africa. The project is still active and the following outputs have been developed and released:
The systems and software of the Autshumato project is released on SourceForge.net.
In addition to this, the Autshumato Anti-Aircraft Regiment, a division of the South African Army, also shares the chief's name.

</doc>
<doc id="7035580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035580" title="Lumbriculus ambiguus">
Lumbriculus ambiguus

Lumbriculus ambiguus was described by Holmquist in 1976, based on material collected in northern Alaska. Like "L. genitosetosus", "L. ambiguus" was initially placed in the genus "Thinodrilus" along with "L. inconstans", but this genus is generally not recognised today. Its genital characters vary greatly between individuals, but certain features (such as the location of the atria in segment VIII) appear to be constant.

</doc>
<doc id="7035584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035584" title="George Dockins">
George Dockins

George Woodrow Dockins (May 5, 1917 – January 22, 1997) was an American professional baseball pitcher who played for the St. Louis Cardinals () and Brooklyn Dodgers (). The left-hander stood and weighed . Dockins is the only Major League Baseball player from Clyde, Kansas.
Dockins had a rookie season of 8–6 with a 3.21 ERA. He made his major league debut for the Cardinals in relief on May 5, 1945, against the Chicago Cubs at Sportsman's Park. His first big-league win came twenty-five days later, also in relief, in a 12-inning, 4–2 victory over the Boston Braves in the first game of a home doubleheader. He threw his first MLB shutout on August 8, 1945, against the New York Giants at the Polo Grounds.
After the manpower shortage caused by World War II was over, Dockins got into four more big league games. Pitching in relief for Brooklyn in 1947, he gave up seven earned runs in 5 innings. From 1946 to 1949, he spent most of his professional career with the Fort Worth Cats, the Dodgers' Double-A affiliate. With them, he had a 12–6 record and a 2.16 ERA in 20 games in 1946. He briefly served as the Cats' manager in 1948 on an interim basis. He compiled a stellar 105–54 record over 237 minor-league games pitched over nine seasons, missing the entire 1944 campaign with an injured shoulder.
Dockins' career totals for 35 games pitched include an 8–6 record, five complete games, and two shutouts. He allowed 52 earned runs in 131 innings pitched for an ERA of 3.55. He handled 31 out of 32 chances successfully for a fielding percentage of .969.
Dockins died in his hometown at age 79 in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="7035587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035587" title="Sieteiglesias de Tormes">
Sieteiglesias de Tormes

Sieteiglesias de Tormes is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is located 31 kilometres from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 204 people.
Geography.
The municipality covers an area of 14 km2. It lies 821 metres above sea level and the postal code is 37892.

</doc>
<doc id="7035589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035589" title="Bog Bilberry">
Bog Bilberry



</doc>
<doc id="7035595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035595" title="WCAU News team">
WCAU News team



</doc>
<doc id="7035597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035597" title="Aes sídhe">
Aes sídhe



</doc>
<doc id="7035599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035599" title="Deutsches Theater (Oslo)">
Deutsches Theater (Oslo)

Deutsches Theater was a German-language theater in Oslo, Norway which existed between 1941 and 1944, during the German occupation of Norway.
It was established on 1 January 1941 following an order from Josef Terboven, and the first performance was held on 22 April 1941 in Nationaltheatret. It later moved to new localities, in Stortingsgata 16. Its premiere performance, the operetta "The Land of Smiles" by Franz Lehár, was held on 7 June the same year. The theatre closed in September 1944 because the resources needed to be channeled elsewhere in the German war machine.

</doc>
<doc id="7035602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035602" title="Touch (Amerie song)">
Touch (Amerie song)

"Touch" is a song by American singer Amerie from her second studio album of the same name (2005). Written by Amerie, Lil Jon, Sean Garrett, Craig Love, LRoc, and LaMarquis Jefferson and produced by Lil Jon, the track was released on May 31, 2005, as the album's second single. While "Touch" reached the top 20 in the United Kingdom and Ireland and number 33 in Australia, it failed to match the success of "1 Thing" in the United States, missing the "Billboard" Hot 100 and reaching number 95 on the "Billboard" Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.

</doc>
<doc id="7035605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035605" title="Chris Devlin-Young">
Chris Devlin-Young

Christopher Devlin-Young (born December 26, 1962) is an American alpine ski racer and two time Paralympic Champion, who resides in Campton, New Hampshire. He competes as a monoskier in the LW 12–1 class.
Career.
Born in San Diego, Young was paralyzed in a plane crash in Alaska while serving in the United States Coast Guard in 1982. He learned to ski at the National Disabled Veterans Winter Sports Clinic in 1986 as a "four-tracker," standing on two skis while using outriggers. He was named to the U.S. Disabled Ski Team in 1989 and competed in the 1990 Disabled Skiing World Championships in Winter Park, Colorado, winning a silver medal and two bronzes in the LW-1 class. Young missed the 1992 Winter Paralympic team but qualified for the 1994 Games in Lillehammer, Norway, where he won gold in the slalom.
In 1995 Young began a two-year hiatus from racing to coach the New England Disabled Ski team at Loon Mtn. New Hampshire, and when he returned to the sport in 1997 it was as a monoskier. He missed the 1998 Winter Paralympics in Nagano, Japan but came back in 2002 with another gold, this time in super G, along with a silver in downhill. With that performance he became the first skier ever to win a Paralympic skiing gold medal in two different disability classes. He repeated his downhill performance in 2006, placing second behind teammate Kevin Bramble. In 2015, he won the Mono Skier X (X-Games), also becoming the oldest gold medalist in the history of the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="7035607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035607" title="Encinasola de los Comendadores">
Encinasola de los Comendadores

Encinasola de los Comendadores is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 184 people.
Geography.
The municipality covers an area of . It lies above sea level and the postal code is 37256.

</doc>
<doc id="7035609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035609" title="SYBYL line notation">
SYBYL line notation

The SYBYL line notation or SLN is a specification for unambiguously describing the structure of chemical molecules using short ASCII strings. SLN differs from SMILES in several significant ways. SLN can specify molecules, molecular queries, and reactions in a single line notation whereas SMILES handles these through language extensions. SLN has support for relative stereochemistry, it can distinguish mixtures of enantiomers from pure molecules with pure but unresolved stereochemistry. In SMILES aromaticity is considered to be a property of both atoms and bonds whereas in SLN it is a property of bonds.
Description.
Like SMILES, SLN is a linear language that describes molecules. This provides a lot of similarities with SMILES despite SLN's many differences from SMILES, and as a result, this description will heavily compare SLN to SMILES and its extensions.
Attributes.
Attributes, bracketed strings with additional data like codice_1, is a core feature of SLN. Attributes can be applied to atoms and bonds. Attributes not defined officially are available to users for private extensions.
When searching for molecules, comparison operators such as codice_2 can be used in place of the usual equal sign. A codice_3 preceding a key/value group inverts the result of the comparison.
Entire molecules or reactions can too have attributes. The square brackets are changed to a pair of codice_4 signs.
Atoms.
Anything that starts with an uppercase letter identifies an atom in SLN. Hydrogens are not automatically added, but the single bonds with hydrogen can be abbreviated for organic compounds, resulting in codice_5 instead of codice_6 for methane. The author argues that explicit hydrogens allow for more robust parsing.
Attributes defined for atoms include codice_7 for isotope mass number, codice_8 for formal charge, codice_9 for partial charge, codice_10 for stereochemistry, and codice_11 for radicals (codice_12, codice_13, codice_14 respectively for singlet, doublet, triplet). A formal charge of codice_15 can be abbreviated as codice_16, and vice versa for negative charges; codice_17 and codice_18 is additionally recognized as −1 or +1 charges. codice_19 is a shorthand for codice_20. Stereochemistry on atoms is mostly tetrahedral, with the codice_21/codice_22 and codice_23/codice_24 available among others; it can be explicit (codice_25) or relative (codice_21), or specify a mixture (codice_27) of stereoisomers at this atom. A normal/inverted (codice_28/codice_29) notation, equivalent to codice_30 and codice_31 in SMILES, is provided. A lot of additional attributes are provided for searching.
In addition to elemental atoms SLN supports the specification of wild card atoms: codice_32 (match any atom), and codice_33 (match any heavy atom). It also has an extensive Markush syntax for specifying combinatorial libraries and RGROUP queries. SLN has several query atom types for matching groups of atoms. Each type has the group name, followed by an optional positive integer.
The "codice_34" mass number denotes the usual isotope, so codice_35 equals codice_36 matching 14N and codice_37 matching every other isotope.
Bonds.
SLN uses largely the same bonding notation as SMILES, with codice_17, codice_39, codice_40, and codice_41 for single, double, triple, and aromatic bonds. codice_42 is used for zero-order bonds, similarly to reaction SMILES, although a codice_18 is preferred for distinct molecules.
Most single bonds are implicit, so codice_44(CH3CH3) can be used instead of codice_45(CH3–CH3) for ethane. Explicit single bonds are useful for three-center bonds.
The codice_10 attribute is defined for double bonds, to convey stereochemistry information in "E"–"Z" (codice_25/codice_48) or "cis"–"trans" (codice_49/codice_14) notation. codice_28/codice_29 is available and stands for the "main" chain, which is "trans" or "cis" to each other.
Rings.
SLN writes rings in a more explicit pattern than SMILES, with benzene specified as codice_53. An atom is tagged as an anchor on the ring with a single numeric attribute, and codice_54 can then be used to specify this (in our case, "number one") atom for bonding back to.
Branching.
SLN branches are identical to SMILES branches, with parentheses specifying them. Propionic acid is codice_55(&lt;chem&gt;\scriptstyle CH3CH2C(=O)OH&lt;/chem&gt;).
Reactions.
SLN supports reactions with codice_56 connecting the reactants and the products. Atom mapping is possible with the use of codice_57 attributes. The reaction center (rc) attribute can be added to bonds, and the chiral conversion (cc) attribute to atoms.
Misc..
Multiple lines can be merged into a syntactical line by writing a codice_58 (backslash) at the end of each line. This allows for breaking a long line into multiple lines, for example in a reaction with each molecule on its own line.

</doc>
<doc id="7035614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035614" title="Racism bahai">
Racism bahai



</doc>
<doc id="7035620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035620" title="Harmony races baha'i">
Harmony races baha'i



</doc>
<doc id="7035621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035621" title="WNBC Local Programs">
WNBC Local Programs



</doc>
<doc id="7035624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035624" title="Herguijuela de Ciudad Rodrigo">
Herguijuela de Ciudad Rodrigo

Herguijuela de Ciudad Rodrigo () is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-León. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="7035627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035627" title="Monocacy Junction Confederate order of battle">
Monocacy Junction Confederate order of battle



</doc>
<doc id="7035628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035628" title="I Wanna Wake Up with You">
I Wanna Wake Up with You

"I Wanna Wake Up with You" is a song written by Nashville songwriter Ben Peters. It was first recorded by American country music artist and actor Mac Davis and released in March 1980, and then by American country music singer Con Hunley in September that year, with both versions titled as "I Wanta Wake Up With You".
In 1986, veteran reggae artist Boris Gardiner covered this song as "I Want to Wake Up with You" (or sometimes titled as "I Wanna Wake Up with You"). Gardiner's version went to No. 1 on the UK Singles Chart for three weeks in August 1986. It was the third best-selling single of 1986 in the UK. It also reached number 1 in Australia. and number 3 in South Africa, spending 18 weeks on the charts.
The music video for the song was filmed at various locations in West London, including Westbourne Park tube station, and Holland Park. Gardiner is also seen riding in a taxi along the Westway.
The song has subsequently been covered by Cristy Lane, Johnny Rodriguez, John Holt Erann DD and Engelbert Humperdinck.

</doc>
<doc id="7035631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035631" title="Race amity baha'i">
Race amity baha'i



</doc>
<doc id="7035633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035633" title="Eric Delko">
Eric Delko



</doc>
<doc id="7035637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035637" title="Monocacy Junction Union order of battle">
Monocacy Junction Union order of battle



</doc>
<doc id="7035638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035638" title="Sidhe (disambiguation)">
Sidhe (disambiguation)

Sidhe are Irish earthen mounds, which in Irish folklore and mythology are believed to be the home of the (the people of the mounds).
Sidhe may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7035639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035639" title="Barry Egan (hurler)">
Barry Egan (hurler)

Barry Egan (born 18 August 1972) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Cork senior team.
Born in Cork, Egan first played competitive hurling during his schooling at the North Monastery. He arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of seventeen when he first linked up with the Cork minor teams as a dual player, before later joining the under-21 sides. He made his senior debut during the 1991-92 National Hurling League. Egan went on to play a key role for Cork, and won one Munster medal and two National Hurling League games.
As a member of the Munster inter-provincial team on a number of occasions, Egan won one Railway Cup medal. At club level he is a one-time championship medallist with Delaney Rovers in the intermediate grade.
Throughout his career Egan made ten championship appearances for Cork. He was dropped from the Cork panel after the conclusion of the 1998 championship.
Playing career.
Inter-county.
Egan was first picked for the Cork minor hurling team in 1990. He won a Munster medal that year following a 1-9 to 0-9 defeat of Clare. Cork later faced Kilkenny in the All-Ireland decider, however, both sides finished level at 3-14 apiece. In the replay Kilkenny proved too strong as Cork faced a heavy 3-16 to 0-11 defeat.
The following year Egan was called up to the Cork under-21 hurling team. He won a Munster medal that year as Cork defeated Limerick by 0-17 to 1-7.
Egan added a second Munster under-21 medal to his collection in 1993 following another 1-18 to 3-9 defeat of Limerick. Once again All-Ireland success eluded the team.
On 24 May 1992 Egan made his senior hurling championship debut in a 0-22 to 0-8 Munster quarter-final defeat of Kerry. He later won his only Munster medal following a 1-22 to 3-11 defeat of Limerick in the provincial decider. Egan later missed Cork's 3-10 to 1-12 All-Ireland final defeat by Kilkenny.
Egan won his first National Hurling League medal following a marathon three-game saga with Wexford in 1993. In spite of falling short in the championship, Egan won an All-Star at the end of the year.
In 1998 Egan won his second National Hurling League medal following a 2-14 to 0-13 defeat of Waterford.

</doc>
<doc id="7035651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035651" title="Melissa Fitzgerald">
Melissa Fitzgerald

Melissa Fitzgerald is an American actress and the Senior Director of the nonprofit organization Justice For Vets. She played Carol Fitzpatrick on "The West Wing".
Early life and education.
Fitzgerald grew up in the Chestnut Hill area of Philadelphia. Her father is Pennsylvania judge James Fitzgerald; her mother, Carol, is involved in politics and volunteer work in Philadelphia.
Fitzgerald graduated from Springside School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1983, and earned a B.A. in Drama and Literature from the University of Pennsylvania in 1987. Fitzgerald studied acting at The Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre in New York City.
Career.
Fitzgerald is the founder of Voices in Harmony, a non-profit community theater in Los Angeles. From 1999 to 2006, she played Carol Fitzpatrick, assistant to press secretary C.J. Cregg, on "The West Wing".
On January 19, 2007, Nicholas D. Kristof of "The New York Times" announced that Fitzgerald had won a writing contest he had sponsored on Darfur.
On May 17, 2008, Fitzgerald received the Chestnut Hill College Medal, and she was the commencement speaker.
In November 2013, Fitzgerald joined Justice For Vets as its Director of Strategic Engagement. The organization advocates for veterans treatment courts.
In August 2024, Fitzgerald and Mary McCormack published "What's Next", a behind the scenes look into the creation and legacy of The West Wing
Personal life.
Fitzgerald married actor Noah Emmerich in November 1998. The couple divorced in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="7035656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035656" title="Albert Leffingwell (novelist)">
Albert Leffingwell (novelist)

Albert Fear Leffingwell (April 24, 1895 – 1946) was an American advertising executive and novelist. He wrote crime and mystery thrillers under his own name, as well as the pseudonyms "Dana Chambers" and "Giles Jackson".
Biography.
Leffingwell was born April 24, 1895, in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the first son of Dr. Albert Tracy Leffingwell, and Dr. Elizabeth Fear. He had two brothers: Thomas Arthur Leffingwell former Mayor of Aurora, New York and Dr. Dana Jackson Leffingwell, Associate Professor of Zoology at the State College of Washington.
Albert Leffingwell graduated from Harvard University in 1916. While still at Harvard, he wrote a book of poetry, "Castles in Spain", and had two poems published in the Harvard publication, "Made to Order".
Leffingwell served in World War I in France as a member of the Intelligence Department, 108th Infantry Regiment, 27th Division, under the command of General John F. O'Ryan.
Leffingwell was married to Helen Lillian Urie; the couple had two daughters, Elisabeth and Joan Jackson.
Following his return from the war, Leffingwell began his career in advertising. He co-founded the advertising agencies Riegel &amp; Leffingwell and Olmstead, Perrin, &amp; Leffingwell in New York City. In 1929, his firm was absorbed by McCann.
In 1928, Leffingwell wrote "Toujours de l'avant", about the Pineaud perfumery in France. This book was illustrated with water colors by Will Hollingsworth. In 1930, Leffingwell wrote a short monograph in memory of his younger brother, Dana, that was also illustrated by Hollingsworth.
Between 1939 and 1946, Leffingwell wrote 13 crime and mystery thrillers under his own name, as well as under his pseudonyms. His first novel, "Some Day I'll Kill You", introduced the radio ad man turned hard-boiled detective, Jim Steele, who would re-appear in a number of subsequent novels. Steele was referenced several times by the Holden Caulfield character in the novel "Catcher in the Rye" (Ch. 10, "I told them my name was Jim Steele, just for the hell of it.").
Leffingwell died in 1946 in New Haven, Connecticut.
Bibliography.
"The facts presented in this book were specially gathered in Paris during the spring of 1928 by the author, Albert Leffingwell. The illustrations are the work of Will Hollingsworth. The book was printed as a limited edition of 1500 copies by the Smithsonian process, at the printing house of William Edwin Rudge, inc."

</doc>
<doc id="7035658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035658" title="Secretaría de Gobernación">
Secretaría de Gobernación



</doc>
<doc id="7035668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035668" title="Fixed factors of production">
Fixed factors of production



</doc>
<doc id="7035671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035671" title="Andrew belcher">
Andrew belcher



</doc>
<doc id="7035674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035674" title="Valerie (The Zutons)">
Valerie (The Zutons)



</doc>
<doc id="7035688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035688" title="Laupheim Air Base">
Laupheim Air Base

Laupheim Air Base (German: "Militärflugplatz Laupheim", ICAO: ETHL) is a German Air Force base located close to the city of Laupheim, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is home to Helicopter Wing 64 which has 48 of its 60 helicopters stationed at the airbase together with 1,200 personnel.
Pre-1945.
In August 1938, works began to establish a base for the Luftwaffe in the vicinity of Laupheim. These works were completed in March 1940. During World War II, several units of the Luftwaffe were based in Laupheim, including a training unit, a wing of nightfighters, and a wing of "zerstörers". Additionally, a small production plant for the Focke Achgelis Fa 223 Drache twin-rotor helicopter prototype was also placed on the air base.
On 19 July 1944, the air force base was attacked by 45 B-24 bombers of the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) 8th Air Force, dropping 115 tons of explosives and incendiary devices, while escorting fighter aircraft attacked the air base in low-level flight. The raid caused considerable damage, completely destroying ten planes (seven Messerschmitt Bf 110, one Arado Ar 96 and one Messerschmitt Bf 108). Four other planes were partially damaged. The technical equipment of the air force units, a hangar, barracks and air traffic control, as well as three previously completed helicopters of the type Focke-Achgelis Fa 223 were destroyed. An anti-aircraft unit received a direct hit, killing one soldier and injuring four. Two days later, another anti-aircraft unit shot down a B-24 bomber which had sustained considerable damage during an air raid on Munich, therefore flying at low level. The crew managed to bail out but due to heavy shelling by anti-aircraft units, the roof of the church in nearby Baustetten received considerable damage.
The next attack took place on 31 July 1944. Eleven USAAF P-51 Mustangs carried out a low-level attack, completely destroying two Messerschmitt Bf 110 and an Italian trainer and damaging two further Messerschmitt Bf 110. Consequently, the anti-aircraft units stationed around the air base were beginning to get nervous, so that, when on 9 August 1944, 28 planes suddenly appeared from the direction of Schwendi, these units instantly opened fire, managing to shoot down one plane. However, the planes were German aircraft of 4th Fighter Wing "Udet", equipped with Focke-Wulf Fw 190. After that, the production plant of Focke-Achgelis was evacuated to Ochsenhausen. On 26 November 1944, ten P-47 Thunderbolt attacked the air force base causing only slight damage.
On 2 April 1945, 2nd Group of 53rd Fighter Wing, flying Messerschmitt Bf 109, was transferred to Laupheim. On 18 April and 19 April 1945, the base was attacked yet again, as a result of which one soldier was killed. The following day, the base came under heavy attack by French bombers and their protecting aircraft, destroying or severely damaging all planes stationed on the base. On 21 April 1945, the remnants of 2nd Group of 53rd fighter Fighter Wing were transferred to Schongau in Bavaria.
On 23 April 1945, French armed forces occupied Laupheim and the airbase.
Post-1945.
On the grounds of the former Luftwaffe base, completely new military installations were constructed in 1964, designated to house helicopters of the German Army Aviation Corps. While the building works were still in progress, the General Staff moved the headquarters of German Army Aviation Corps Command 2 from Ulm to Laupheim.
Operational flying started soon afterwards and the first helicopters stationed on the base were Sikorsky H-34.
In 1971, following a period of continuous growth of German Army Aviation Corps, a reorganisation of all the units in southern West Germany took place, which resulted in Laupheim becoming the headquarters of all German Army Aviation Corps units in southern Germany. Army Aviation Battalion 200 and Army Aviation Maintenance Squadron 207 already based in Laupheim were merged to form German Army Aviation Corps Medium Army Aviation Transport Helicopter Regiment 25.
In 1973, the CH-53G replaced the by now obsolete Sikorsky H-34 and has been in service ever since.
In the course of a restructuring of the German Army, Medium Army Aviation Transport Helicopter Regiment 25 was renamed into Army Aviation Regiment 25 in 1979.
In the following period, helicopters from Laupheim saw more than 120.000 hours in action in as different places as Italy, Greece, the Pyrenees and the Alps, mainly by offering help and logistic support after natural disasters.
On 21 June 1989, the base was officially named "Kurt Georg Kiesinger" "Barracks" after the former Chancellor of Germany, a Swabian himself.
With the closure of Neuhausen ob Eck Air Base and the disbanding of the units stationed there, German Army Aviation Corps Regiment 20 and Army Aviation Squadron 10, some of the helicopters from Army Aviation Squadron 10, flying Bo 105M, were transferred to Laupheim Airbase to form Army Aviation Support Squadron 10. Later, this squadron was also dissolved and its helicopters incorporated into German Army Aviation Corps Army Aviation Regiment 25. In the same year, Headquarters of German Army Aviation Corps Command 2 in Laupheim was discontinued and the base together with its staff was incorporated into a new command structure.
Beginning in the early 1990s, helicopters from the Army Aviation Regiment 25 saw active service in as various part as the Balkans, Iraq, Afghanistan and Democratic Republic of the Congo under the auspices of either NATO, the UN or the EU.
In 1994, after a further restructuring of the Bundeswehr, during which a large number of bases were closed, Army Aviation Regiment 25 was given the honorary name "Oberschwaben" (i.e. Upper Swabia), this being a result of the German Army's continuing commitment to the base.
In 2002, Army Aviation Regiment 25 was incorporated into the Airmobile Operations Division ("Division Luftbewegliche Operationen").
On 1 October 2003 the regiment acquired its final name, Medium Transport Helicopter Regiment 25, following a further restructuring of the German Armed Forces.
In October 2011 the German Federal Ministry of Defence announced a reorganisation/reduction of the German Armed Forces. As a consequence, Airmobile Operations Division will be dissolved and Laupheim Air Base together with its helicopters will be transferred to the German Air Force. German Army Aviation Corps Medium Transport Regiment 25 was disbanded on 5 March 2013 and formally integrated into the Air Forces's Helicopter Wing 64 . The official transfer took place on 1 January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="7035691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035691" title="Palacios del Arzobispo">
Palacios del Arzobispo

Palacios del Arzobispo (Spanish for "Palaces of the Archbishop") is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca in western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is located from the provincial capital of Salamanca and has a population of 163 people.
Geography.
The municipality covers an area of .
It lies above sea level.
The postal code is 37111.
Culture.
Every year a fiesta is held on June 24 to commemorate John the Baptist.

</doc>
<doc id="7035696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035696" title="Sport in Saint Lucia">
Sport in Saint Lucia

 
Sports in Saint Lucia consist of a wide variety of games. St. Lucia won its first Olympics medal in 2024 when Julien Alfred won the women's 100 metres.
Football.
Saint Lucia has its own national football team.
Cricket.
Daren Sammy was the first and only Saint Lucian to be called up to the West Indies Cricket Team. Sammy was the first Saint Lucian to play Test cricket in the West Indies and his figures were the second best by a West Indian debutante after Alf Valentine took eight wickets in 1950. Saint Lucia annually hosts games in the West Indies limited-overs and four-day cricket competitions, usually at the Beausejour Cricket Grounds, one of the most modern facilities in West Indies cricket. Sammy played his first major international match at Beausejour in 2008, a one-day international against Sri Lanka. Nadine George is another of Saint Lucia's leading cricketers. She was the first West Indies woman to hit a century in Test cricket and was eventually named captain of the West Indies team.
Athletics.
St Lucia is also home to Levern Spencer, who is a high jumper and holds the national record of 1.94 meters. She has won Pan American Commonwealth and CAC Games medals. 
Darvin Edwards holds the St Lucian National Record for the men's High Jump with a height of 2.31m. He won a bronze medal at the 2011 Central American and Caribbean Championships in Athletics.
At the 2024 Summer Olympics, Julien Alfred won St Lucia's first Olympic medals, taking gold in the women's 100m and silver in the women's 200m.
Golf.
There are three golf courses in St Lucia. The Sandals St Lucia golf course is equipped with 18 holes and is on the southern part of the island. The St Lucia Golf &amp; Country club has 18 holes and Jalousie Hilton Resort &amp; Spa has nine holes.
Tennis.
Tennis is growing in popularity in St Lucia. The St Lucian hotel of the island offers two coobuip Junior Tournament takes place. St Lucia is also an annual competitor in the Davis Cup, an international tennis competition, with former Sportsman of the Year Vernon Lewis and Kane Easter having been two of the island's consistent players over the years. In April 2011, the St Lucian government opened tennis center, with the aim of helping development future tennis athletes. The nation is also home to Tigers Inflow Tennis Academy.
Volleyball.
Volleyball enjoyed a period of growth in the 1980s, when club rivalries between teams like Le Club and Ciceron Seagulls fuelled growth in interest. St Lucia won the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS) men's and women's volleyball competitions a number of times, including having won the women's tournament when it was held for the first time at the Beausejour Indoor Facility in 2008. The Beasejour gymnasium also hosted the first round of the men's and women's FIVB World Volleyball Championships in 2008.
Other.
Netball, rugby, swimming and basketball are rapidly becoming popular around the island. The Rodney Heights Aquatic Centre is a short-course (25m) swimming facility in the north of the island. St Lucia has also won multiple OECS Championships in swimming.
Squash is also relatively popular in St Lucia. The prime squash courts of St Lucia are found in the adjoining areas of St Lucia Racquet Club and St Lucia Yacht Club. St Lucia has hosted and won several iterations of the OECS Squash Tournament.
St Lucia was recently represented by a team of 48 who proceeded to Grenada on July 25, 2008 to participate in the Windward Islands Inter-School Championship Games. The tournament included Male and Female Volleyball, in which both the male and female teams were victorious, Male and Female Basketball, Netball, Football and Track and Field.

</doc>
<doc id="7035699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035699" title="Del Yoakum">
Del Yoakum



</doc>
<doc id="7035730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035730" title="Secretary of Education (Mexico)">
Secretary of Education (Mexico)



</doc>
<doc id="7035731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035731" title="Wee-Bey Brice">
Wee-Bey Brice

Roland "Wee-Bey" Brice is a fictional character in the HBO drama "The Wire" played by Hassan Johnson. Wee-Bey is a trusted soldier and third-in-command of the Barksdale Organization.
Character storyline.
Wee-Bey dropped out of school in sixth grade and started dealing drugs on a corner with Avon Barksdale and Stringer Bell to become the primary soldier in their criminal organization. Wee-Bey was also responsible for more mundane activities including driving and picking up money. He and De'Londa have a son, Namond.
He has no hesitation about sleeping with other women and maintains a separate residence. De'Londa uses his last name although they are not married. He has a passion for keeping tropical fish. Wee-Bey has the distinction of being one of the characters to appear in every season.
Season one.
Wee-Bey is Barksdale's main soldier. When Avon is cleaning up any possible trail of evidence leading back to him, Wee-Bey kills a witness who had previously been bought off. Wee-Bey gets involved in two different gun fights with legendary stick-up man Omar Little, after torturing and killing Omar's partner, accomplice and lover Brandon.
Their first encounter ends with Wee-Bey being shot in the leg. He later defends Avon against Omar, shooting him in the shoulder and forcing him to retreat. Wee-Bey has the distinction of being the only character in the Wire to get the better of Omar in a one-to-one gunfight.
Wee-Bey was also linked to the body of a dancer from Orlando's strip club, a Barksdale front company. While he did not kill her, he took no action to prevent her death from overdose after raping her at a party. Disgusted with his callous disposal of her body, Shardene gives information to Lester Freamon.
His downfall comes when he and Little Man kill Orlando, who was working as a police informant. During the killing, Little Man shoots and critically wounds the undercover Kima Greggs, in the car with Orlando. Wee-Bey is stunned to learn that the second shooting victim was an undercover cop. Stringer orders Wee-Bey to kill Little Man, stating that he is unreliable as a soldier, and flee town. D'Angelo Barksdale is responsible for driving Wee-Bey to Philadelphia (and taking care of his fish).
When D'Angelo is arrested soon after, he gives the police information concerning Wee-Bey's whereabouts and his murder of Deirdre Kresson, a former girlfriend of Avon's. Later, through a combination of the active wiretap and phone records, the police are able to determine Wee-Bey's exact location. To apprehend Wee-Bey unarmed, they lure him out of the house by having Carver break the windows on his car. Once in custody, and guaranteed a life sentence for his involvement in Kima's shooting, Wee-Bey confesses to other murders, including several he did not commit, to protect those in the Barksdale Organization.
Season two.
Wee-Bey is imprisoned with Avon, serving life without parole. He keeps artificial fish in his cell and enjoys a relatively easy life under Barksdale's protection. A correctional officer named Dwight Tilghman harasses him because he confessed to murdering a relative of Tilghman's.
Wee-Bey complains to Avon. Avon and Stringer resolve the problem by arranging for Tilghman to smuggle tainted drugs into the prison. When the bad drugs kill several inmates, Avon comes forward as an "informant" and implicates Tilghman as the culprit.
Season three.
Dennis "Cutty" Wise is offered a position after Wee-Bey introduces him to Avon.
Season four.
Wee-Bey's teenage son, Namond Brice, becomes involved in the drug trade with Bodie Broadus. Namond is responsible for Wee-Bey's fish. De'Londa and Namond visit Wee-Bey regularly and Wee-Bey gives Namond advice on life, especially about surviving on the streets. When Brianna Barksdale cuts off the monthly payments that the Barksdale organization had been making to the Brices, Namond is pressured into dealing by his mother.
Howard "Bunny" Colvin takes a liking to Namond after dealing with him in the special program for troubled youth that Colvin is supervising. Seeing potential in the boy, Colvin approaches Wee-Bey and asks his permission to take Namond into his home. Colvin tells Wee-Bey that the changing face of the drug trade and Namond's capabilities in other areas make him better suited to a life off the streets.
Though initially reluctant, Wee-Bey agrees that Colvin's offer gives Namond the best chance of escaping the drug trade and making something of himself. Acknowledging that anything would be preferable to a life as a soldier, Wee-Bey orders De'Londa to allow Colvin to assume guardianship of Namond, implicitly threatening her when she appears reluctant to let Namond go.
Season five.
Wee-Bey is briefly seen during the end-of-season montage conversing amicably with Chris Partlow in the courtyard of the Maryland State prison; they are in a similar situation, both having been primary enforcers for West Baltimore kingpins, and now both serving life sentences for committing (and taking sole responsibility for) murders at the behest of their respective bosses.
Real life origins.
Ed Burns investigated several high-end drug traffickers in the 1980s. One of these was a heroin dealer named Thomas H. Taylor, whose partner, Vernon Collins, was known as Bey-Brother. He was described by one FBI informant as a "narcotics hit man who is feared throughout the narcotics underworld in Baltimore."
Collins is mentioned in David Simon's book "" as one of Baltimore's notorious contract killers in the late 1970s, along with Dennis Wise, who spawned a character of the same name played by actor Chad Coleman. Wee-Bey is a reference to this hit man and drug trafficker. Collins was arrested in 1987 and sentenced to thirty-five years in prison.
Internet popularity.
The scene from the season 1 episode "The Hunt" where Wee-Bey shows a surprised expression after learning that shooting victim Greggs was a police officer resurfaced as a reaction GIF over 15 years after this episode was originally aired.
Johnson commented about the popularity of that GIF in 2022: "It doesn’t get old. I guess I have an out-of-body experience to be able to see that and understand that."

</doc>
<doc id="7035741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035741" title="Dana Chambers">
Dana Chambers



</doc>
<doc id="7035754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035754" title="Saint-Chamas">
Saint-Chamas

Saint-Chamas (in Provençal Occitan: "Sanch Amàs" in classical orthography, "Sant Chamas" according to Mistralian orthography) is a commune in the department of Bouches-du-Rhône in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France.
Geography.
Saint-Chamas is situated on the shore of the Étang de Berre, 15 km south of Salon-de-Provence and 50 km north-west of Marseille, in a part of the region that has not been industrialised. The highest point of the town is "Le Verdon" at an altitude of 121 metres.
Population.
Inhabitants are called "Saint-Chamasséens".
History.
Archaeological investigation of rock shelters has proved that the site of Saint-Chamas was already occupied in the Paleolithic era. During the Iron Age, the site was used by the Ligures, who constructed an oppidum (a fortified village), and then by the Celts. The Romans built the Pont Flavien in the 1st century BC, a triumphal bridge which crosses the River Touloubre.
Saint-Chamas owes its name to Sanctus Amantius (Saint Amans, by tradition the first bishop of Rodez), in whose honour a chapel was built in the 7th century. The settlement was initially constructed on the "Baou", a chalk hill which overlooks the Étang de Berre, a site that was easy to defend and from which the surrounding region could be surveyed. In 1564, the castle was sufficiently comfortable to accommodate the king Charles IX and the regent Catherine de' Medici.
The 17th century saw the construction of the modern town. The old village on the "Baou", now felt to be too cramped, was abandoned as soon as the new quarters of "Perthuis" and "au Delà" were built. A town hall was erected and the port laid out. The parish church of Saint-Léger was built between 1660 and 1668, but the bell tower was not finished until 1740. The church now contains the Saint-Anne reredos which dates from the sixteenth century. In 1690, construction was initiated by Louis XIV on the royal black powder mill, "La Poudrerie"; this remained for a long time the town's principal industry until it shut down in 1974.
For several years during the French Revolution the town was renamed "Port-Chamas". The two main quarters, one of which developed around the town hall, the other in proximity to the port, were linked by a tunnel called "la Goule" which collapsed in 1863. Today Saint-Chamas has become a residential and tourist town which has preserved its heritage and its appearance of a Provençal village.

</doc>
<doc id="7035755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035755" title="Dr. Doctor">
Dr. Doctor



</doc>
<doc id="7035758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035758" title="Seattle Queer Film Festival">
Seattle Queer Film Festival

Seattle Queer Film Festival (formerly known as the Seattle Lesbian &amp; Gay Film Festival) is an annual film festival in Seattle. The 28th Annual Seattle Queer Film Festival will take place October 12-22, 2023. It is the largest LGBTQIA+ film festival in the Pacific Northwest, and its award-winning films receive national praise. At the festival each film is able to receive an award which is decided on by a jury. Kathleen Mullen is the artistic director of Three Dollar Bill Cinema, the organization that produces the Seattle Queer Film Festival. Kathleen Mullen (2014–2016 and 2018–present) is the Artistic Director of the Seattle Queer Film Festival in charge of all festival programming and operations. Billy Ray Brewton is the Managing Director (2021-2023) 
The festival is produced by Three Dollar Bill Cinema, a nonprofit organization that promotes queer cinema. Their mission is to provide films by, for, and about lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people. The festival is a place where the filmmakers can have contact and interact with their audiences and fellow filmmakers. Three Dollar Bill Cinema produces Translations: Seattle Trans Film Festival, OUTdoor Cinema, and Reel Queer Youth Films are screened in cinemas around Seattle including SIFF Cinema Egyptian, The Ark Lodge, and Northwest Film Forum. There are also after parties at local spots like Pony and Queer/Bar following the showings.

</doc>
<doc id="7035762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035762" title="San Esteban de la Sierra">
San Esteban de la Sierra

San Esteban de la Sierra ( or simply in local dialect) is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located 65 kilometres from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 340 people.
History.
San Esteban has written historical records from the 12th century, when some families came to the area looking for water to move their mills. Those families settled here and founded a Jewish quarter; the Christians refounded the Christian village upon the site of the old Jewish quarter emptied after the expulsion of the Jews and Muslims in the 15th century.
Geography.
San Esteban de la Sierra rests on a mountainside and is surrounded by several mountains, of which the mount Tiriñuelo stands out for giving its name to the local wine awarded with the 'Silver Ear' (a widely recognized prize for wines) in 1997.
The village owns an area of 22.4 km2. Much of terrain is devoted to wine growing. San Estebán de la Sierra boasts about their wine quality, whose production is the main industrial local activity.
The lower part of the town is crossed by the river Alagón, which meanders through the mountains and finally flows into the Tagus. Its altitude is 623 metres above sea level.
Language.
The locals of San Esteban de la Sierra and the neighboring village of Santibañez de la Sierra used to speak a dialect of Leonese; however, this dialect is now extinct. Despite this fact, some Leonese traits remain. For example, some retained traits include:
The preservation conditions of these traits are blurry and not easily perceptible in common speech. Perhaps the most perceptible traits are the deaf velar fricative aspiration and the implosive /s/. These are the most characteristic and contrast with the rest of the province of Salamanca's speech. People still retain some words dating from the Middle Ages from Mozarab and Basque origin. Due to the dialect's southern traits, it is considered to belong to the Extremaduran dialects stemming from the old Leonese language.
Demography.
According to the population census of 2011, there are 365 inhabitants, of which 187 are men and 178 are women in an area of 20.83 km2. 
Despite the decrease in population due to mass emigration to larger urban areas, the village's population increases significantly during holidays and feasts like Christmas, the Holy Week and the summer holidays.
Feasts.
Saint Agatha (February 5)
In this feast, some men are chosen as 'butlers' and they form "couples" that make use of local products to make traditional sweets and cakes like and , and drinks like anisette. These products are offered to the neighbours on the eve of the feast day, whereas the 'butlers' go round the streets making requests to the saint and reciting poems telling the life of Saint Agatha. On February 5, there is a mass, and the 'butlers' in traditional costumes parade along the streets in procession; once the procession ends, 'the butlers' hold a banquet. The next day, the 'butlers' have lunch at the town hall, where a traditional dish called (lemon) is offered to the 'butlers'. The locals love this dish whose ingredients are lemon, orange, roasted meat, chorizo, fried egg, boiled egg, oil, pickle and wine. 
Saint Stephen (August 3)
This feast is celebrated in tribute to the local patron saint giving the name to the village ( in Spanish) and used to be the primary local celebration; however this feast lost popularity because its date coincides with the harvest season, tremendously important for a primarily agricultural community. For this reason, the 'Feast of Christ' replaced this feast for being celebrated in September, just after the end of the wine harvest.
The feast is preserved thanks to the local winery cooperative company, which commemorates its foundation by organizing a banquet open to all the neighbours and tourists with parties and music afterwards. It is a small feast, but it is becoming more and more popular due to the tourists spending their summer holidays in the village.
The feast of Christ (September 4)
In this feast, people of all ages form (party groups) and gather in rented or owned premises to feast and open their doors to the visitors for drinks and celebration. The feast starts with the proclamation of the Queens of the feast and her maids and the (literally the burning of the Castle). This tradition dates from the Middle Ages and is a game in which the young men climb up to the top of a branchless tree to stay hung on the top; in the meantime some bonfires with tall flames are burning below. The prize for the winner is smoked ham. People can enjoy parties, banquets, plays, orchestra music and activities of all sorts for five days. On the last day, a parade with floats is held, and later in the evening a bullfighting show is held at the Main Square. A final party is celebrated past midnight with wine, local products and music.
Heritage.
The village has experienced a diversification of its services in recent times. Some guest houses have been set up and new bars and restaurants have opened as well as natural product shops.
San Esteban has a range of different Romanesque medieval constructions such as the village chapel and the Church of St Stephen. Furthermore, there is a medieval bridge upon the river Alagón known as the Roman Bridge.
The village's current layout corresponds to the layout of the old Jewish quarter. The traditional local architecture is made up of old houses made from wood and adobe set on small streets intertwining one another. Much of the town is downhill, which shows visitors how near the river they are.
San Esteban de la Sierra is located in a valley with thick chestnut and eucalyptus forests and olive and wine crops on the foothills. The local environment is one of the primary assets because it attracts numerous hikers wishing to practise hiking across this valley.
The village is 20 km away from Sierra de Francia and is near other villages like San Martín del Castañar, La Alberca o Miranda del Castañar, Bejar and places like Peña de Francia.

</doc>
<doc id="7035776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035776" title="William DeVaughn">
William DeVaughn

William Edward DeVaughn Jr. (born November 28, 1947) is an American R&amp;B/soul singer, songwriter and guitarist, best known for the million-selling hit song "Be Thankful for What You Got" in 1974.
Biography.
DeVaughn was a salaried government employee as a drafting technician, and a part-time singer. He wrote a song called "A Cadillac Don't Come Easy", which was eventually re-written to become "Be Thankful for What You Got", in 1972. He spent $900 towards getting it recorded with Omega Sound, a Philadelphia production house. The record's producer at Omega, John Davis (a member of the MFSB studio session group), came up with a smooth arrangement, eventually booking time to record at Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia, used by Philadelphia International Records. Studio owner and chief engineer Joe Tarsia recorded and mixed the track.
The session featured members of the MFSB group – guitarists Norman Harris and Bobby Eli, drummer Earl Young, vibraphonist Vince Montana and percussionist Larry Washington; secured by Allan Felder, who also developed the separate ad-lib back-up chorus with his sister's vocal group. John Davis played keyboards on the track. Frank Fioravanti, the executive producer and co-ordinator, secured the song's release on Roxbury Records, a subsidiary of Chelsea Records, run by industry veteran Wes Farrell.
The record sold nearly two million copies on its release in spring 1974, reaching No. 1 on the US "Billboard" R&amp;B chart and No. 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The track saw two chart entries in the UK, with the record peaking at #31 (1974) and also #44 (1980), in the UK Singles Chart. It was awarded a gold disc by the RIAA on May 31, 1974. With a sound and content influenced by Curtis Mayfield, its simple and encouraging lyrics hit home, to the extent that it became featured on gospel radio stations. When his success as a recording artist seemed guaranteed, DeVaughn quit his government job.
DeVaughn released an album, mainly of songs with a religious character, and its second single, "Blood Is Thicker than Water", reached No. 10 R&amp;B and No. 43 pop later in 1974; "Give the Little Man a Great Big Hand" had only minor R&amp;B chart success early the following year. Live, DeVaughn preached to and admonished his audience from the stage. He lost interest in the music industry not long afterwards, working in a record store and again as a draftsman.
Fioravanti destined DeVaughn's 1980 effort, named after a new song by DeVaughn, "Figures Can't Calculate" to TEC Records in Philadelphia. The title song climbed to No. 37 in the Billboard R&amp;B chart. The album was a Billboard "Top Album Pick" in July 1980 and featured a disco remake of DeVaughn's earlier hit, "Be Thankful for What You Got." Personnel on "Figures Can't Calculate" included guitarists Pal Rakes, T. Life and Dennis Harris, drummer Gerry Brown, bassist Larry McRae, and conga player Larry Washington. The album was co-produced by Frank Fioravanti, Pal Rakes, and vibraphonist/keyboard player Louis deLise. deLise also arranged and conducted the rhythm section, orchestra and voices.
In 2004, DeVaughn released a new single, "I Came Back", on his own Mighty Two Diamond Records. In 2014, two previously unreleased DeVaughn tracks, "Staying Power" and "Love Ballad of the Year" were included on the Sound Gems Records oldies compilation "Lost Soul Gems". In December 2016, an additional previously unreleased track, "Love in Any Language" was added to the "Lost Soul Gems" collection. All of these later tracks were written by Fioravanti and others.
On May 12, 2017, a two-song medley, "What Does It Take (to Win Your Love for Me)" and "I Gotta Dance to Keep from Crying" was released on Sound Gems Records.

</doc>
<doc id="7035783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035783" title="Savoy Affair">
Savoy Affair



</doc>
<doc id="7035792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035792" title="Yonkers Avenue">
Yonkers Avenue

Yonkers Avenue is an east–west street in the city of Yonkers in Westchester County, New York, in the United States. It is one of four major east–west through routes in the city. The western terminus of the street is at Nepperhan Avenue (NY 983B), which connects to U.S. Route 9 (US 9) and New York State Route 9A (NY 9A). Its eastern terminus is at Bronx River Road and the Bronx River Parkway. The entirety of Yonkers Avenue is maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation as New York State Route 983C from Nepperhan Avenue to the Saw Mill River Parkway and New York State Route 984E from the Saw Mill River Parkway to Bronx River Road. Both are unsigned reference route designations.
A continuation of Yonkers Avenue east into Mount Vernon is signed as "To Mount Vernon Avenue" for the street it connects to on the opposite bank of the Bronx River. The bridge carrying the street over the Bronx River Parkway and the Bronx River is maintained by Westchester County and the long portion in Mount Vernon is designated but not signed as County Route 66A (CR 66A).

</doc>
<doc id="7035794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035794" title="Bahlinger SC">
Bahlinger SC

Bahlinger SC, also known as Bahlinger SC or simply Bahlinger, is a German association football club from the Kaiserstuhl town of Bahlingen, Baden-Württemberg.
History.
The club was founded 16 June 1929 as "FC Bahlingen" and merged with "TV Bahlingen" in 1946 to form the present-day side. Since the early 1960s "BSC" has played largely as a fourth tier amateur side. In 1969 the club advanced to third division play where they spent nine seasons until league reorganization saw them placed in the now fourth tier Amateurliga Südbaden. Another reorganization in the early 1990s saw the Amateurliga become a fifth division league.
"Bahlinger" narrowly missed advancing to the Oberliga Baden-Württemberg (IV) in 1994 and 1995. They took the step up on the strength of a Verbandsliga championship in 1996. The club enjoyed a nine season long turn in the Oberliga where their best result was a fifth-place finish in 1997. A Südbadischer Pokal (South Baden Cup) win in 2002 earned an appearance in the 2003 German Cup where they beat "Alemannia Aachen" 1:0 in the first round before going out 1:2 to "SV Waldhof Mannheim". "BSC" then slipped to the fifth division in 2005 before returning to the Oberliga Baden-Württemberg for 2006–07 after a single season absence.
The club made an excellent start into the 2011–12 season, defeating FV Illertissen 11–0 in the opening round, eventually finishing eleventh in 2012 and as high as sixth in 2013. In 2014 however the club played closer to the relegation zone, eventually coming 14th. In the 2014–15 season the club finished runners-up in the Oberliga and thereby qualified for the promotion round to the Regionalliga Südwest. After a draw against TSV Lehnerz and a win over SC Hauenstein the club was promoted to the Regionalliga for the first time, but lasted for only one season before being relegated again. By winning the 2018–19 season of the Oberliga, the club returned to Regionalliga.
Recent managers.
Recent managers of the club:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
Stadium.
"Bahlinger SC" plays its home matches in the Kaiserstuhlstadion (capacity 5,000).

</doc>
<doc id="7035796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035796" title="Delmer J Yoakum">
Delmer J Yoakum



</doc>
<doc id="7035802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035802" title="Astroparticle physics">
Astroparticle physics

Astroparticle physics, also called particle astrophysics, is a branch of particle physics that studies elementary particles of astrophysical origin and their relation to astrophysics and cosmology. It is a relatively new field of research emerging at the intersection of particle physics, astronomy, astrophysics, detector physics, relativity, solid state physics, and cosmology. Partly motivated by the discovery of neutrino oscillation, the field has undergone rapid development, both theoretically and experimentally, since the early 2000s.
History.
The field of astroparticle physics is evolved out of optical astronomy. With the growth of detector technology came the more mature astrophysics, which involved multiple physics subtopics, such as mechanics, electrodynamics, thermodynamics, plasma physics, nuclear physics, relativity, and particle physics. Particle physicists found astrophysics necessary due to difficulty in producing particles with comparable energy to those found in space. For example, the cosmic ray spectrum contains particles with energies as high as 1020 eV, where a proton–proton collision at the Large Hadron Collider occurs at an energy of ~1012 eV.
The field can be said to have begun in 1910, when a German physicist named Theodor Wulf measured the ionization in the air, an indicator of gamma radiation, at the bottom and top of the Eiffel Tower. He found that there was far more ionization at the top than what was expected if only terrestrial sources were attributed for this radiation.
The Austrian physicist Victor Francis Hess hypothesized that some of the ionization was caused by radiation from the sky. In order to defend this hypothesis, Hess designed instruments capable of operating at high altitudes and performed observations on ionization up to an altitude of 5.3 km. From 1911 to 1913, Hess made ten flights to meticulously measure ionization levels. Through prior calculations, he did not expect there to be any ionization above an altitude of 500 m if terrestrial sources were the sole cause of radiation. His measurements however, revealed that although the ionization levels initially decreased with altitude, they began to sharply rise at some point. At the peaks of his flights, he found that the ionization levels were much greater than at the surface. Hess was then able to conclude that "a radiation of very high penetrating power enters our atmosphere from above". Furthermore, one of Hess's flights was during a near-total eclipse of the Sun. Since he did not observe a dip in ionization levels, Hess reasoned that the source had to be further away in space. For this discovery, Hess was one of the people awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1936. In 1925, Robert Millikan confirmed Hess's findings and subsequently coined the term 'cosmic rays'.
Many physicists knowledgeable about the origins of the field of astroparticle physics prefer to attribute this 'discovery' of cosmic rays by Hess as the starting point for the field.
Topics of research.
While it may be difficult to decide on a standard 'textbook' description of the field of astroparticle physics, the field can be characterized by the topics of research that are actively being pursued. The journal "Astroparticle Physics" accepts papers that are focused on new developments in the following areas:
Open questions.
One main task for the future of the field is simply to thoroughly define itself beyond working definitions and clearly differentiate itself from astrophysics and other related topics.
Current unsolved problems for the field of astroparticle physics include characterization of dark matter and dark energy. Observations of the orbital velocities of stars in the Milky Way and other galaxies starting with Walter Baade and Fritz Zwicky in the 1930s, along with observed velocities of galaxies in galactic clusters, found motion far exceeding the energy density of the visible matter needed to account for their dynamics. Since the early nineties some candidates have been found to partially explain some of the missing dark matter, but they are nowhere near sufficient to offer a full explanation. The finding of an accelerating universe suggests that a large part of the missing dark matter is stored as dark energy in a dynamical vacuum.
Another question for astroparticle physicists is why is there so much more matter than antimatter in the universe today. Baryogenesis is the term for the hypothetical processes that produced the unequal numbers of baryons and antibaryons in the early universe, which is why the universe is made of matter today, and not antimatter.
Experimental facilities.
The rapid development of this field has led to the design of new types of infrastructure. In underground laboratories or with specially designed telescopes, antennas and satellite experiments, astroparticle physicists employ new detection methods to observe a wide range of cosmic particles including neutrinos, gamma rays and cosmic rays at the highest energies. They are also searching for dark matter and gravitational waves. Experimental particle physicists are limited by the technology of their terrestrial accelerators, which are only able to produce a small fraction of the energies found in nature.
The following is an incomplete list of laboratories and experiments in astroparticle physics.
Underground laboratories.
These facilities are located deep underground, to shield very sensitive experiments from cosmic rays that would otherwise preclude the observation of very rare phenomena.
Neutrino detectors.
Very large neutrino detectors are required to record the extremely rare interactions of neutrinos with atomic matter.
Dark matter detectors.
Experiments are dedicated to the direct detection of dark matter interactions with the detector target material.
Cosmic ray observatories.
Interested in high-energy cosmic ray detection are:

</doc>
<doc id="7035811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035811" title="Ice hockey in Calgary">
Ice hockey in Calgary

The history of ice hockey in Calgary extends back well over a century to the first recorded ice hockey game in Alberta in 1893. Imported from eastern Canada, the game's popularity rapidly grew in the city, with teams at every level playing for and capturing Canada's national championships. Calgary is known today as one of Canada's best ice hockey cities with the Calgary Flames (NHL), Calgary Wranglers (AHL) and Calgary Hitmen (WHL) receiving immense support from the city. The Calgary Oval X-Treme is one of the most dominant women's ice hockey teams in the country, while Junior A ice hockey is also well supported with two teams in the city. Calgary is home to the Mac's AAA midget hockey tournament, one of the most prestigious midget hockey tournaments in the world which has seen dozens of future National Hockey League players play in this city before their professional careers began.
History.
Early days.
The first recorded ice hockey game in Alberta took place in Calgary on January 4, 1893, between two city teams: the "Town Boys" and the "Tailors". The game was played with seven players aside and the Town Boys won 4-1. Shortly after, the Town Boys met a challenge from a team of North-West Mounted Police officers, losing 4-0 before avenging the defeat in a rematch.
In 1898, the first "Battle of Alberta" took place in Edmonton, as the Edmonton Thistles faced a team made up of members of the Calgary fire brigade. The match turned violent and a brawl saw Calgary's E.D. Marshall lose an eye in a stick swinging incident.
Calgary Tigers.
Major professional ice hockey arrived in the prairies in 1921 with the formation of the Western Canada Hockey League. The Calgary Tigers brought five future Hockey Hall of Fame players to the city in Barney Stanley, Red Dutton, Rusty Crawford, Herb Gardiner and Harry Oliver. During the Tigers' six-year run, they captured three regular season titles and two playoff championships. In 1924, the Tigers challenged the National Hockey League's Montreal Canadiens for the Stanley Cup. The Tigers lost, however, in two straight games with scores of 6-1 and 3-0, Howie Morenz scoring a hat-trick in the first game and another goal in the second for the Canadiens. It was nearly 60 years before Calgary again challenged for ice hockey's holy grail. The Tigers ceased operations in 1927, succumbing to the costs of maintaining an all-star lineup. Following the demise of the Tigers, no major professional club would emerge in Calgary until the 1975 arrival of the World Hockey Association.
Calgary Stampeders.
In the year following World War II, the Calgary Stampeders brought home Calgary's first, and only, Allan Cup national senior championship with a four games to one series victory over the Hamilton Tigers. The 1945–46 Stampeders were a powerhouse club, compiling a record of 42-9-5, culminating in a 1-0 victory in the fifth and deciding game against Hamilton, played before a sold-out crowd of over 6,000 at the Edmonton Gardens in Edmonton. The Stampeders won three Western Canada Senior Hockey League titles in the league's six-year run.
After having a new arena built in 1950, the Stampeders turned professional in 1951, spending the next twelve years in the Western Hockey League, which was at the time the top professional circuit in the west. The Stampeders won the 1954 WHL championship in Calgary. The team folded in 1963 after succumbing to the financial pressures of operating in such a widespread league.
Junior ice hockey.
Alberta Junior Hockey League.
Junior ice hockey in Alberta began to take shape in 1963 when the Alberta Junior Hockey League was formed, partially to check the dominance of the Edmonton Oil Kings at the time. The five team loop featured two teams from Calgary - the Calgary Cowboys and Calgary Buffaloes. The Buffaloes were the early powerhouse of the league, winning the AJHL's first two championships in 1964 and 1965. The two teams struggled against the Western Canada Hockey League, however, and in 1965, the Cowboys merged with the Buffaloes before folding altogether in 1969.
The AJHL returned to Calgary in 1971 when the Calgary Canucks was formed. The Canucks was the brainchild of Doug Eastcott, and was created as an outlet to give Calgary area youngsters a place to play without sacrificing their education. Acting as an extension of the Calgary minor hockey association, the Canucks restricted themselves to only three out-of-town players for many years. The Canucks have become one of the most dominant clubs in the AJHL, having won nine AJHL championships, two Doyle Cups and the Centennial Cup in 1995 as Canadian Tier II national champions. Nearly 50 former Canucks have gone on to play in the NHL, including Heatley, Mike Vernon, Jason Smith, Doug Houda and Craig Adams.
In 1978, a second team in Calgary was added as the Calgary Chinooks relocated from Pincher Creek. The team became the Spurs two years later, but never found the same success as the Canucks. In 1990, the Spurs ceased operations; however their assets were purchased by a new ownership group that rebranded the club the Calgary Royals. The Royals captured their single AJHL title in their inaugural season, but have failed to repeat that success.
Western Hockey League.
Three years after the arrival of the AJHL, another league, the Western Canada Junior Hockey League was formed. It was considered a "rebel league" by the Canadian Hockey Association, and thus not permitted to play for the Memorial Cup. The seven team loop featured five teams that defected from the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League along with the Edmonton Oil Kings, and an expansion team for Calgary, the Calgary Buffaloes. The Buffaloes were dismal in the league's inaugural season in 1966–67 season, finishing just 4-47-5. The franchise renamed itself the Calgary Centennials the following year, and had moderate success in the mid-1970s, winning three division titles and reaching the league finals once. It relocated to Billings, Montana in 1977 to become the Billings Bighorns. That franchise continues today as the Tri-City Americans. Future NHLers John Davidson, Bob Nystrom and Mike Rogers played for the Centennials.
The Centennials were immediately replaced by the Calgary Wranglers, who relocated from Winnipeg, Manitoba. Like the Centennials, the Wranglers never became a top team in the league, though they did reach the finals in 1980–81. Declining interest in the team because of the popularity of the Calgary Flames led to the Wranglers moving south to Lethbridge, Alberta in 1987 to become the Lethbridge Hurricanes. Doug Houda, Kelly Kisio, Dana Murzyn and former Flames head coach Jim Playfair are among the former Wranglers who made the NHL.
Despite a long-standing belief that major-junior ice hockey could not compete with the professionals, the WHL again placed a team in Calgary in 1995. The Calgary Hitmen were owned by, among others, Theoren Fleury, Joe Sakic and Bret Hart, after whom the team was named. The Hitmen created an immediate controversy with their logo, featuring a stylized "Jason Voorhees" type mask and distinctive pink and grey jersey colours. Despite its immense popularity, the WHL initially forbade the Hitmen from using the logo, deeming the look too violent, but relented a year later. The Hitmen currently use an updated version of the original logo.
The Hitmen were abysmal in their first two seasons, winning just 33 games combined. The team also faced further controversy when head coach Graham James resigned after being charged with, and later convicted of, sexually abusing two of his players when he was with the Swift Current Broncos. In 1997, the Hitmen were purchased by the Calgary Flames. The team's fortunes improved immediately, as the Hitmen won their division in 1997–98, and the following season, the Hitmen captured the league championship in just their fourth season. The Hitmen advanced all the way to the 1999 Memorial Cup title game before losing in overtime to the host Ottawa 67's 7-6 in a thrilling final.
The Hitmen have not managed to duplicate that success, but in recent years have showcased many good, young players who have helped Canada dominate the World Junior Hockey Championship. Andrew Ladd and Ryan Getzlaf were members of the dominating club that won gold in the 2005 tournament in Grand Forks, North Dakota, while goaltender Justin Pogge led Canada to a surprise defense of their championship in the 2006 tournament in Vancouver. Ladd also became the first Hitmen graduate to win the Stanley Cup, which he did with the Carolina Hurricanes in 2006.
The Hitmen have also become one of the most popular junior teams in Canada, leading the WHL in attendance four consecutive years, including a Canadian Hockey League then-record average of 10,062 in 2004–05, the first junior team to ever average over 10,000 fans per game.
World Hockey Association.
In 1971, a fledgling operation known as the World Hockey Association announced its intention to compete against the NHL as North America's second major league. Among the original franchises announced for the league was the Calgary Broncos, who were to play out of the Stampede Corral and were expected to form a strong rivalry with the Edmonton Oilers. Although the Broncos participated in the first WHA draft, the franchise never played, folding prior to the WHA's inaugural season. Following the demise of the Broncos, the Oilers were renamed the Alberta Oilers, with the intention of splitting their home games between Calgary and Edmonton. Likewise, this plan failed to materialize and 'Alberta' was quickly dropped from the Oilers' name.
In 1975, the WHA finally did arrive in Calgary, as the Vancouver Blazers relocated to the Stampede City to become the Calgary Cowboys. The Cowboys finished the 1975–76 season with a respectable 41-35-4 record, upsetting the Quebec Nordiques in the playoffs before losing to the eventual Avco Cup champion Winnipeg Jets.
The Cowboys second season was the franchise's last, as dismal attendance and a team that missed the playoffs led to the franchise folding following the season. The entire league itself would follow two years later, with four teams merging into the NHL.
Calgary Flames.
In 1980, the National Hockey League finally arrived in Calgary when Nelson Skalbania, a Vancouver-based businessman, got wind of the pending sale of the Atlanta Flames to a group of Calgary-area businessmen. Skalbania intercepted the sale by offering team owner Tom Cousins a 25% increase over his previous asking price of US$12 million and providing an immediate $1 million down payment for the team. The purchase price of US$16 million was the highest ever paid for an NHL team at the time. Relocating the team to Calgary, Skalbania's interest was soon bought out by the "original six" Calgary businessmen (Ralph T. Scurfield, Daryl Seaman, Byron Seaman, Harley Hotchkiss, Norman Green, and Norman Kwong) thus ensuring the future stability of the franchise in Calgary.
The Flames first season in the raucous Stampede Corral was a major success, as the team defeated both the Chicago Black Hawks and Philadelphia Flyers in the playoffs before being defeated themselves by the Minnesota North Stars in the league semi-finals.
In 1981, the Flames traded for Lanny McDonald, then of the Colorado Rockies. McDonald's trademark moustache and his enthusiasm for the game defined the Flames throughout the 1980s. In 1982–83, McDonald battled young superstar Wayne Gretzky for the league goal scoring title for the entire season. McDonald's tally of 66 goals - still a franchise record - fell just five markers short of Gretzky's total of 71.
Glory years.
1986 saw the Flames run to the Stanley Cup finals, capturing the organization's first Campbell Bowl before bowing out to the Montreal Canadiens in five games in the finals. The 1985–86 season is best known for the Flames shocking seven game upset of the powerhouse Oilers in the Smythe Division finals. The series winning goal was scored by Oilers' rookie defenseman Steve Smith - on his birthday - after he banked the puck into his own net off the skate of goaltender Grant Fuhr. The upset ended the Oilers' hopes of winning a third consecutive Stanley Cup. A decade later, Smith came to play for the Flames, eventually becoming team captain.
In 1989, the Flames captured their first, and only, Stanley Cup, avenging their loss in 1986 by defeating the Canadiens in six games. Despite dominating the league in 1988–89, winning the Presidents' Trophy as regular season champions, Calgary had to survive a major scare at the hands of the Vancouver Canucks, who despite finishing 43 points behind the Flames, took Calgary to overtime in the seventh game in the Smythe Division semifinals. Calgary then went on to defeat the Kings, Blackhawks and the aforementioned Canadiens to capture Lord Stanley's Mug. McDonald, who scored his 500th goal and 1000th point during the season, retired following the season.
"Decline".
After winning the Cup, the Flames faced a long decline through the 1990s and into the 21st century. Declining fortunes on the ice, escalating salaries, a low Canadian Dollar and management blunders saw the Flames fail to win a single playoff series following their Cup win until 2004, while the team missed the playoffs seven straight years between 1997 and 2003. On January 2, 1992, GM Doug Risebrough completed what is often regarded as one of the most lopsided trades in NHL history. Embroiled in a contract dispute with Doug Gilmour, Risebrough traded the disgruntled star to the Toronto Maple Leafs along with Rick Wamsley, Ric Nattress, Jamie Macoun and Kent Manderville for Gary Leeman, Michel Petit, Jeff Reese, Craig Berube and Alexander Godynyuk. The deal - one of the largest in NHL history - catapulted the formerly inept Maple Leafs into years of being a contender, while hastening the decline of the Flames. Not a single player acquired by the Flames was still with the organization two years later.
Resurgence.
The Flames finally emerged from their post-season drought in 2003–04. Led by coach/GM Darryl Sutter, superstar forward Jarome Iginla and the emerging goaltending star Miikka Kiprusoff, the Flames shocked the ice hockey world by becoming the first team to defeat three division winners "en route" to the Stanley Cup Finals. The defeats of the Vancouver Canucks, Detroit Red Wings and San Jose Sharks turned the Cinderella Flames into national heroes, while the parties on the Red Mile became international news. The Flames fell in the finals to the Tampa Bay Lightning in a hard-fought seven game series; however, the result was not without controversy due to a Martin Gelinas goal late in the third period of game 6. The puck was seen in replay to cross the goal line before being kicked back out by Lightning goaltender Nikolai Khabibulin. The play, which if reviewed may have broken the tie in Calgary's favour, in a game Tampa would later win in overtime to fend off elimination, was not immediately reviewed.
The Flames followed up that season by winning their sixth division championship in 2005–06, but were beaten in the first round of the playoffs by the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim.

</doc>
<doc id="7035812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035812" title="Convergence 12">
Convergence 12



</doc>
<doc id="7035834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035834" title="Drc">
Drc



</doc>
<doc id="7035837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035837" title="Allan Marcus Atkinson Mclean">
Allan Marcus Atkinson Mclean



</doc>
<doc id="7035838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035838" title="Fox Chapel Area School District">
Fox Chapel Area School District

Fox Chapel Area School District is a public school district located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. It serves the boroughs of Aspinwall, Blawnox, Fox Chapel, and Sharpsburg, along with Indiana and O'Hara Townships. It is located approximately 12 miles from downtown Pittsburgh. The district has four elementary sites, a middle school, and high school. There are approximately 4,300 students enrolled in the school district.
Enrollment.
As of 2025, all schools within the school district have a total of 4,278 students enrolled, with demographics as follows:
As of 2025, all the schools had 4,278 students enrolled with enrollment per school as follows:
No demographic data was provided in the recent time period.
SAT Testing.
219 members (81%) of the 272 students in the FCAHS Class of 2024 took the SAT during their junior or senior year. Average scores on the SAT for the Fox Chapel Area High School Class of 2024:
Staff Statistics.
Source:
Number of Professional Staff:
Master's or Doctorate Degrees or Equivalent:
Average years of teaching experience:

</doc>
<doc id="7035849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035849" title="WJLA local programs">
WJLA local programs



</doc>
<doc id="7035851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035851" title="Casa Ley">
Casa Ley

Casa Ley is a Mexican grocery store chain based in Culiacán founded in 1954 by Juan Ley Fong. Most of its stores are located in western Mexico, in the states of Baja California, Sonora, Sinaloa, Nayarit, Jalisco, Colima, Coahuila, Durango, Guanajuato, and Baja California Sur. It is Mexico's largest privately held supermarket chain. For years, 49% of the chain was owned by American supermarket chain Safeway Inc., which later went to Albertsons Companies, Inc. after it acquired Safeway in 2015. In 2018, Albertsons divested its 49% share to Tenedora CL del Noroeste, ending the company's international operations.
History.
The company originally started as a small village shop in the mining town of Tayoltita, where Ley offered his goods to the gold and silver miners of the San Luis Mining Company. In 1948, a theft by a close friend and colleague forced Ley to eventually close his shop and leave the town, in search of a new location. The family moved to Culiacán, and in September 1954 the company Casa Ley was born.
Formats.
Ley.
Casa Ley's flagship format conceptualized as a hypermarket with 3,500 to 11,000 square meters of sales floor, whose sales system is retail, which handles a wide assortment in the grocery, perishable food, prepared food, and selection of general merchandise and clothing.
As a hybrid format between a hypermarket and a self-service warehouse, its main competitors are:
Súper Ley.
They are supermarkets created with the objective of offering consumers quick purchases as well as quality and freshness in their departments within a sales floor of between 1,000 and 3,500 square meters, through which they offer daily consumption products such as groceries, perishable foods and prepared food.
As a general supermarket, your competitors are:

</doc>
<doc id="7035861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035861" title="Cerball mac Muirecan">
Cerball mac Muirecan



</doc>
<doc id="7035866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035866" title="Ring Magazine Knockout of the Year">
Ring Magazine Knockout of the Year



</doc>
<doc id="7035869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035869" title="Shindana Toys">
Shindana Toys

Shindana Toys, a division of Operation Bootstrap, Inc., was a South Central Los Angeles, California cooperative toy company in business from 1968 to 1983. It was launched as a black empowerment and community rejuvenation effort following the Watts riots. Company proceeds supported businesses in the Watts area. Named after the Swahili word roughly meaning "to compete," Shindana Toys was community-owned and founded by Louis S. Smith, II and Robert Hall. The latter was the company's first CEO and President; though he was succeeded in both posts by Smith. The Chase Manhattan Bank, the Mattel Toy Company, Sears Roebuck &amp; Co., and Equitable Life Assurance helped finance portions of the Shindana Toys operations.
Shindana Toys was historically significant for being one of the first toy companies to market ethnically correct black dolls. A goal of the company was to raise black consciousness and improve self-image. In a 1970s Los Angeles Associated Press article, company president, Louis Smith said, "We believe that only by learning to love oneself can one learn to love others... Shindana believes that by marketing black dolls and games that both black and white children can learn to relate to at an early age, the company can foster the spirit of what Shindana is all about, love."
From a shop on Vermont Avenue, Los Angeles, California, Doris Conner—an African American, entrepreneurial businesswoman—along with her daughters, Lynne and Tuesday Conner, created, designed, and manufactured many of the clothes worn by Shindana Dolls. They also manufactured the Flip Wilson doll.
The first doll created by Shindana Toys was named Baby Nancy. Many later Shindana Toys dolls featured ethnically correct names, including names that were Swahili in origin. Operation Bootstrap contracted with Mattel Toymakers to create a talking voice unit, just like the one invented for Chatty Cathy in 1960, for their doll Tamu in 1971. The popular Talking Tamu (Swahili for "sweet") doll was designed to say the following 11 phrases when you pulled her "talking ring":
Tamu was featured in the Sears Roebuck, JC Penney, and Montgomery Wards Christmas catalogs, and available in most stores where ever toys were sold.
Thanks in part to its acquisition of a company that produced board games, Shindana also started distributing games. These games included titles like "Jackson 5ive Action Game," "The Black Experience," "The Afro-American History Mystery Game," "Captain Soul," and "The Learning Tree."
Popular Shindana Doll Lines.
Baby Nancy.
Launched in 1968, Baby Nancy was the first American doll to feature natural hair and Afrocentric features. By Thanksgiving, it was the best selling black doll in Los Angeles and was being sold across the country by Christmas, showing that there was demand for black dolls. The design of the doll was of note due to the work of sculptor Jim Toatley who created an ethnically representative mold, fulfilling Louis S. Smith's wish that the doll not simply be a white model painted black. The doll was inducted into National Toy Hall of Fame in 2020 alongside Jenga and sidewalk chalk.
Black Celebrity Dolls.
Shindana dolls were created with the likenesses of positive Black celebrities, including Flip Wilson, Rodney Allen Rippy, Jimmie Walker (these were pull string talking dolls like Tamu), Julius Erving (a.k.a. Dr. J.), O. J. Simpson, Marla Gibbs, Redd Foxx, Diana Ross, and Michael Jackson. Children could make some of these dolls "talk" by pulling and releasing a string.
Cuddly Li'l Souls.
This line featured "soft cloth-body rag dolls with natural-style hair" and clothing imprinted with uplifting phrases like "Peace," "Right On," "I'm Proud, Say It Loud", and "Learn, baby, learn." The last phrase was a transformation of the "Burn, baby, burn" chants heard during the Watts Riots. These dolls were given name like "Sis," "Natra," "Wilky," and "Coochy." The 1971 Sears Wish Book priced these dolls between $1.89 and $2.19.
Little Friends Collection.
This collection featured Black, Caucasian, Asian, and Hispanic boys and girls—most about 12 inches tall and with attention given to ethnic details.
Career Girl, Wanda.
"Each of Wanda's boxes included a little pamphlet explaining the doll's particular profession. Photos of real Black women in these professions and their comments about the nature of their jobs gave suggestions on what the child might do to learn more about the job." Some of Wanda's careers included nurse, skydiver/race car driver, tennis player, and singer.

</doc>
<doc id="7035891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035891" title="Norcliffe">
Norcliffe

Norcliffe (1973–1984) was a Canadian Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse. He was sired by U.S. Hall of Fame Champion Buckpasser out of the mare Drama School by Northern Dancer.
Owned by the Norcliffe Stable of Charles F. Baker, Chairman of the Board of the Ontario Jockey Club, Norcliffe was trained by Roger Attfield. Ridden by jockey Jeffrey Fell, Norcliffe won two of the first three legs of the 1976 Canadian Triple Crown races on dirt at Woodbine Racetrack, capturing the Queen's Plate and the Prince of Wales Stakes. The Breeders' Stakes, the final leg, is a race run on the grass course at Fort Erie Race Track and Norcliffe finished fifth. Norcliffe earned 1976 Horse of the Year honours in Canada. In 1977 he earned a Sovereign Award as top older horse and was elected to the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame in 2005.
As a sire.
Retired to stud at the end of the 1977 racing season, Norcliffe was North America's leading juvenile sire by number of wins and second in earnings in 1981. He sired Groovy who was voted the 1987 Eclipse Award for American Champion Sprint Horse and who was a Texas State Champion twice.
Another successful son of Norcliffe was At the Threshold, a 1981 foal out of the mare Winver. She was a daughter of Vertex, a multiple winner of top level stakes and the sire of 1965 Kentucky Derby winner Lucky Debonair and 1968 U.S. Champion Two-Year-Old Colt, Top Knight. At the Threshold's wins include the Grade 1 American Derby and Arlington Classic Stakes, the Grade 2 Ohio Derby and he ran third in the 1984 Kentucky Derby. He also was the sire of 1992 Kentucky Derby winner Lil E. Tee.

</doc>
<doc id="7035898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035898" title="Rögnvaldr kali Kolsson">
Rögnvaldr kali Kolsson



</doc>
<doc id="7035900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035900" title="Brynsadler">
Brynsadler

Brynsadler is a small village situated in Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales, it is part of the community of Pontyclun.
Amenities.
The A4222 main road to Cowbridge runs through the village; locally it is known tautologically as 'Brynsadler hill'. Brynsadler used to be home to the Crown Buckley brewery housed opposite the village pub, the "Ivor Arms". The brewery was bought by S A Brain and eventually relocated to Cardiff. The brewery and brewery houses were demolished and a housing estate called "Clos Brenin" replaced it.
Brynsadler also housed a chapel, called Capel Zion, located opposite the post office. It closed down and was converted into housing accommodation.
Given its position between Llanharry and Pontyclun, Brynsadler is a pit stop for many summer activities such as fun runs.

</doc>
<doc id="7035905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035905" title="Increasing returns to scale">
Increasing returns to scale



</doc>
<doc id="7035906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035906" title="WCAU Local Programs">
WCAU Local Programs



</doc>
<doc id="7035921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035921" title="Porten Down">
Porten Down



</doc>
<doc id="7035922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035922" title="Børre Knudsen">
Børre Knudsen

Børre Arnold Knudsen (1937–2014) was a Norwegian Lutheran priest noted for his anti-abortion activism. Together with Ludvig Nessa, he staged protests at abortion clinics starting in the late 1980s, and he spent time in jail for refusing to pay fines received for his protests.
Dismissed as parish priest of Balsfjord Municipality in 1983 due to his refusal to perform his official state duties in protest against new abortion laws, he helped establish the Deanery of Strandebarm in 1991, also known as the "Church of Norway in Exile". He was ordained as bishop by the church in 1997 until retiring in 2008 due to failing health. He was defrocked from the Church of Norway in 2001.
Knudsen was also noted as a prolific hymn poet, and two of his hymns has later been included in the Norwegian hymn book, as well as the hymn books of other churches.
Early life.
Knudsen was born on 24 September 1937 in Vennesla Municipality in Vest-Agder county, to priest Rolf Godwin Knudsen (1907–56) and Nina Lydersen (1913–95). He grew up in Langesund where his father was the local parish priest. His father was arrested and defrocked during the German occupation of Norway in the Second World War, causing a lasting impression on Knudsen. His mother also did resistance work, and the family was forced to move to neutral Sweden for a time during the war. They moved to Bergen in 1952, and Knudsen started studying theology in 1956. He completed his seminary education in 1966 and was ordained as a priest in the Church of Norway in 1967. He served as an assistant priest in Balsfjord Municipality in Troms county from 1968 until 1971, when he was made priest of the parish there.
Activism.
In 1979, when the Norwegian parliament finalized legislation allowing abortion on demand in the first trimester, Knudsen protested by refusing to perform any duties on behalf of the Norwegian state. He claimed to model his actions from the Norwegian bishops and majority of priests' opposition to the Nazi-friendly regime in Norway during the occupation in the Second World War. He continued his duties as a minister of the church and pastor for his congregation, but did not report statistics to the state, issue birth certificates or open mail addressed to him as a civil servant. He neither accepted his salary from the state.
Minister of Church and Education Einar Førde dismissed Knudsen from his post for neglecting his duties, but Knudsen refused to leave his pastoral duties. His active congregation insisted that he was still their pastor and urged him not to leave. Knudsen was sued by the state, but won the first round. He eventually lost the case on appeal to the Supreme Court of Norway in 1983. The Supreme Court decision held that the state part of the church office could not be separated from the ecclesial or spiritual part of it within a State Church. Knudsen was replaced as parish priest in Balsfjord, but most of his active congregation followed him in establishing an independent local elect congregation in the tradition of the Norwegian Lutheran church.
Two other priests, Ludvig Nessa and Per Kørner, joined him in his protest and were also terminated from their posts and defrocked. In 1987, these three started non-violent protests at abortion clinics, turning up in traditional ministerial robes and singing psalms. They also performed other public stunts such as symbolic burials of small coffins, and pouring blood over themselves outside the Norwegian parliament. They would continue until they were brought in by the police and received fines. Knudsen was jailed for three weeks in 1994 for not having paid his fines received for protests at abortion clinics. The three established the Deanery of Strandebarm in 1991, proclaiming it the "Church of Norway in Exile". Knudsen was ordained bishop of the church on 6 April 1997 at a sermon in Kautokeino Church, after two new priests had joined the cause the same year. Knudsen was finally defrocked from the Church of Norway in 2001. He resigned as "anti-bishop" in 2008 due to failing health.
Hymn poet.
Knudsen was a noted hymn poet, and wrote hymn poetry in the traditions of Petter Dass, Thomas Kingo and Grundtvig. Some of his hymns were included in the official hymn books of other churches, and he initially refused to have them admitted in the Norwegian hymn book, although two have later been included.
Knudsen wrote a large amount of hymn poetry, and collections of some of his sermons have been printed in books and booklets. His hymns point to Chalcedonian Christology, and to a high interpretation of the sacraments. His hymns are mainly edited in Det Hellige Bryllup, (Oslo 1976) Sangverk for Den Norske kirke, (Oslo 1980), and may be found in the Norwegian 1998 Roman Catholic Hymn book as well as in other collections.
Personal life.
Knudsen married Ragnhild Knudsen (née Iden) in 1964. They had five children together.
A documentary about Knudsen and his life premiered at Norwegian cinemas in March 2014 titled "En prest og en plage", which portrayed the aging Knudsen in a close-up personal and somewhat more sympathetic light. Considered a generally somewhat more respected figure among the Norwegian anti-abortionists, Knudsen was praised after his death by some long-time critics of Knudsen who voiced their respect for his dedication and for his hymn poetry .
He was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 2004, and spent his last winters in Altea, Spain. Knudsen died on 17 August 2014 at his home in Mestervik in Balsfjord Municipality, Troms county.

</doc>
<doc id="7035930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035930" title="Janne Immonen">
Janne Immonen

Janne Immonen (born 29 May 1968) is a Finnish former cross-country skier who competed from 1993 to 2003. He was best known for his doping role in the 2001 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships doping scandal that would affect five other Finnish skiers for taking hydroxyethyl starch (HES), a blood plasma expander. Immonen was part of the 4 × 10 km relay team that finished first, but would be disqualified for his blood doping and would receive a two-year suspension from the FIS as a result. He also finished 10th in the 30 km event at those same championships. In 2013, Immonen received a 6-month suspended sentence after the Helsinki District Court found that he had committed perjury when witnessing to the court in 2011 that he was unaware of any doping use in the 1990s.
Immonen's best individual career World Cup finish was third in Otepää in 2001.
Cross-country skiing results.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

</doc>
<doc id="7035931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035931" title="Proposition Joe">
Proposition Joe

Joseph Stewart, better known as "Proposition Joe" or "Prop Joe", is a fictional character on the HBO drama "The Wire", played by Robert F. Chew. Joe is an Eastside drug lord who prefers a peaceful solution to business disputes when possible. He is responsible for creating the lucrative New Day Co-Op with Stringer Bell, supplying much of Baltimore with heroin brought into the city by "The Greeks". Displaying a cunning, business-oriented demeanor, Joe is often a match in stature for rival drug lords Avon Barksdale and Marlo Stanfield, and is able to manipulate most situations to his advantage.
His nickname stems from his trademark phrase, "I've got a proposition for you", going back to his days selling test answers on the schoolyard. Along with Poot Carr, Wee-Bey Brice, Omar Little, and Bubbles, he is one of the few characters from the drug trade to appear in every season.
Biography.
Season 1.
Joe first appears at an annual basketball game between the Eastside Projects' team and the Westside Projects'. Joe plays on Avon Barksdale's pride, goading him into doubling their wager on the outcome, then bringing in a ringer at the last minute to win the game.
That same day, Joe is visited by stick-up-man Omar Little, who gives Joe some of the Barksdale Organization's stolen narcotics in exchange for Barksdale's pager number. Omar uses the information in an unsuccessful attempt on Barksdale's life, but Joe's role in Omar's attack is never revealed to Barksdale. Joe later serves as a neutral go-between, organizing a meeting between Barksdale's business partner Stringer Bell and Omar to discuss a truce.
Season 2.
In season 2, Joe's role is expanded, and it is revealed that Joe relies on the Greek's smuggling ring to supply him with heroin through the Baltimore ports. Joe says that he still has to source his cocaine from New York, as the Greeks only deal in heroin. Joe accommodates Nick Sobotka at the request of Sergei "Serge" Malatov to resolve a dispute over a bad drug deal between Ziggy Sobotka and Joe's nephew and lieutenant Calvin "Cheese" Wagstaff. Out of respect for Malatov, Joe resolves the dispute in Nick's favour by compensating him for Ziggy's destroyed car (minus the amount owed to Cheese), but warns him to stay away in the future.
Joe's heroin supply is the purest in Baltimore, but he lacks the territory to maximize profits. Due to Avon Barksdale's arrest, the Barksdale Organization is cut off from their Dominican suppliers and is forced to sell weaker heroin. Joe offers Stringer Bell a portion of his product in exchange for the right to deal drugs in some of the Barksdale-controlled towers. Barksdale vehemently rejects the idea, but Bell secretly agrees, and Cheese's crew moves into part of what was exclusively Barksdale territory.
Barksdale is unaware of Bell's move and brings in Brother Mouzone to protect the towers. Mouzone confronts Cheese and wounds him with a non-fatal gunshot. Joe fears Mouzone's reputation and knows it would be a mistake to attack him directly, so Joe sets up a meeting between Bell and Omar Little, and Bell tricks Omar into shooting Mouzone. This elaborate deception achieves Joe and Bell's shared goals: it drives Mouzone back to New York and forces Barksdale to grudgingly agree to the drugs-for-territory exchange with arch-rival Joe.
Season 3.
Joe insulates himself against police investigation by maintaining a strict policy of only meeting face to face. His nephew "Drac" is targeted as a potential inroad for an investigation by Lieutenant Cedric Daniels' Major Crimes Unit, due to Drac's propensity to talk business over the phone. Daniels' unit arrests Joe's lieutenant Lavelle Mann in an undercover bust operation, hoping Drac would be promoted to replace him. However, Joe chooses someone more reliable, thwarting the unit's efforts inadvertently.
Daniels tips his hand when he arrests Cheese, believing he had Cheese on tape discussing a murder. Cheese realizes the tape is of him talking about shooting his injured pet dog, and the police are forced to release him.
Cheese reports the incident to Joe who, now forewarned about the investigation and wiretap, passes the information on to Stringer Bell. The unit moves their investigation away from Joe and onto the more violent Kintel Williamson when they fail to make further progress.
Joe extends the sharing of his supply to many other drug dealers in Baltimore, forming the New Day Co-Op with Bell, Ricardo "Fat-Face Rick" Hendrix and Kintell Williamson, among others. Joe supplies all of these drug dealers with his package, and they receive a discount for the bulk buying; they also agree to avoid attracting unnecessary police attention by limiting violence. As a result, Williamson stops killing people, and the police begin investigating a brewing turf war between Avon Barksdale and up-and-coming Marlo Stanfield.
Joe and the rest of the Co-Op object to the police attention the war creates, as it interferes with their business. Joe meets with Stanfield's advisor Vinson to try to negotiate a settlement, but Stanfield is unwilling to back out of the war, believing that Barksdale is weak. Joe gives Bell an ultimatum: end the war, or he will be thrown out of the Co-Op. The ultimatum is defused when Bell is murdered and Barksdale is arrested, leaving Joe with complete control of the Co-Op.
Season 4.
Joe recruits former Barksdale Organization soldier Slim Charles as his lieutenant to supply the independent dealers who have arisen to replace the Barksdale organization in Western Baltimore. However, problems arise; Marlo Stanfield has taken control of much of the Barksdales' prime territory, and the New York drug organizations are taking over territory in Eastern Baltimore. The co-op votes to negotiate with Stanfield and recruit him to strike back against the New York drug dealers.
Joe contacts Stanfield, who turns down his first offer. Joe manipulates Omar Little again, inducing him to rob a card game which Stanfield attends, by pretending that he wanted to make amends for his involvement in the Stringer Bell/Brother Mouzone incident. After Omar robs the card game, Joe offers Stanfield another meeting and claims he could protect him against such surprises in the future.
Joe also explains that he has contacts within the Baltimore police department and courts. Joe routinely shares information about police activity with other Co-Op members. Although much of his information is actually public record, Joe is also aware of the investigation of Kintel Williamson that was suspended and inconclusive.
Stanfield agrees to work with the co-op, and with his help, the New York dealers are driven out of Baltimore. Joe also offers Stanfield advice on how to deal with a police surveillance camera, discovers the identity of the unit investigating Stanfield, and tries to encourage Stanfield's transition into being less violent and more business-minded.
Stanfield frames Omar for murder and plans to have him killed while in prison. Omar escapes the charges and plots revenge on Stanfield. Omar forces Joe (at gunpoint) to agree to betray Stanfield, but Omar ultimately double-crosses Joe and steals an entire co-op shipment as it is delivered.
The co-op decides that Joe should cover the expense of replacing it, and Joe threatens to cut them off from his supplier, forcing them to back down. Omar returns to sell the shipment back to Joe for 20 cents on the dollar; Joe, ever the opportunist, informs the Co-Op that the price is 30 cents on the dollar, allowing Joe to not only recoup his losses from the theft, but also turn a profit.
Stanfield is perturbed by the robbery and suspects that Cheese, who was responsible for collecting the shipment, was involved. To protect his nephew Joe is forced to reveal his suppliers' identity and arrange for Stanfield to meet with Spiros "Vondas" Vondopoulos. At the end of the season, Joe and the rest of the New Day Co-Op resume business as usual, but have put a bounty on Omar's head.
Season 5.
Season 5 opens over a year later. Joe's advice has allowed Marlo Stanfield to avoid prosecution despite an ongoing Major Case Unit investigation. Joe finds that he is losing territory in the redevelopment and gentrification of Eastern Baltimore, and he proposes a division of new territory in Baltimore County to compensate the Eastside drug dealers. Stanfield objects and then sows the seed of dissent in Joe's organization by suggesting that Joe should allow Joe's lieutenants to manage the new territory.
Stanfield approaches Joe for assistance both with money laundering and obtaining literally clean bills. Joe claims that he is happy to help and puts Stanfield in touch with several of his contacts.
Joe uses a pastor with charitable organizations abroad to launder money; Joe makes "donations" to the charities and then receives 90% of his funds back as cashier's checks. Joe introduces Stanfield to the pastor explains how the scheme works, and - since Stanfield wants to actually see his laundered money - offers to get Stanfield a passport, so he can check on the deposits in offshore accounts. But privately Joe describes "civilizing" Stanfield as an ongoing uphill struggle.
Stanfield also requests clean bills from Joe and is accommodated, free of charge. Joe is unaware that Stanfield is using the money to pay tribute to The Greek and is plotting to usurp Joe's supply connection.
Stanfield also hopes to get revenge on the elusive Omar Little. Joe believes that he has escaped further involvement with Omar, and despite Stanfield's offering a bounty on anyone connected to Omar, Joe does not reveal Omar's connection to Butchie. However, Cheese betrays Joe for the reward money, and Stanfield has his enforcers murder Butchie.
Joe fears reprisal from Omar and decides to leave town. He arranges for Slim Charles to watch Cheese closely, as he suspects his nephew's betrayal. Joe arranges flowers for Butchie's funeral both as a gesture to his friend and to signal to Omar his innocence in the murder.
Cheese has created a feud with Co-Op kingpin Hungry Man over the new county territory, and Joe publicly reprimands his nephew. Stanfield gets the agreement of The Greek that he will consider him an insurance policy if Joe is unable to continue to handle their supply. Stanfield then seizes on Cheese's feud with Hungry Man to convince Cheese to betray his uncle. Cheese gives Joe up as Joe is packing to leave town. Stanfield corners Joe in his home, and Joe correctly guesses that Cheese betrayed him. Stanfield rejects Joe's final proposition to disappear quietly and has Chris Partlow shoot Joe while he watches.
Joe went to school at Dunbar High School with former Police Commissioner Ervin Burrell. Joe tells this to Herc, who is now working for Maury Levy, and that Burrell was "stone stupid" and in the glee club.
Production.
Actor Robert F. Chew appeared in David Simon's previous series ", in the three-part episode ", playing Wilkie Collins, a drug kingpin who hates violence. Collins provides the police with key information about which drug dealer was shooting at them so that the police would not interfere with his business. Collins and his wife are murdered by the Mahoney drug cartel for his betrayal. His young son witnesses their deaths and helps the police arrest their murderer. Chew also had a small role in Simon's HBO mini-series "The Corner", in which he played a shoe salesman.

</doc>
<doc id="7035932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035932" title="WJLA news team">
WJLA news team



</doc>
<doc id="7035945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035945" title="Waldorf synthesizer">
Waldorf synthesizer



</doc>
<doc id="7035947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035947" title="Spinal meninges">
Spinal meninges



</doc>
<doc id="7035955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035955" title="&quot;Proposition&quot; Joe Stewart">
&quot;Proposition&quot; Joe Stewart



</doc>
<doc id="7035959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035959" title="Bahlingen">
Bahlingen

Bahlingen am Kaiserstuhl (, ) is a municipality in the district of Emmendingen, Baden-Württemberg, southwestern Germany.
Geography.
Bahlingen am Kaiserstuhl is situated on the edge of the volcanic region Kaiserstuhl, on the banks of the river "Alte Dreisam", about 20 km north-west of Freiburg im Breisgau,
The Kaiserstuhl, where Bahlingen is situated, is one of the warmest regions in Germany. This Mediterranean climate produces quality wines.
History.
The name of the village presumably originates from 'Baldinga', which means roughly "among Baldo's people". It was first mentioned in a document in 762. However, it is likely that Alemannic tribes had settled on the territory as early as the 3rd - 5th century. From 1415 on, Bahlingen belonged to the Markgrafschaft Baden (Margraviate Baden) and therefore it became Protestant during the Reformation. During the Thirty Year's War and again in the wars waged by the French King Louis XIV, the place was almost completely destroyed. During both World Wars, however, Bahlingen came through widely undamaged.
Coat of arms.
The design of the shield is split in two parts: On the left side, the image shows a read bend on a golden background. On the right side, there is a vine knife with a black handle over a tilted silver ploughshare.
Twinning Arrangement.
Since 1996, Bahlingen has been twinned with several French villages in the Alsace region:
Bischwihr, Holtzwihr, Riedwihr and Wickerschwihr.
Economy and Infrastructure.
For a long time in history, Bahlingen was characterized by agriculture and wine growing. In the last hundred years, however, the village has been modernized. In 1896, the place was connected to the railway net Kaiserstuhlbahn (Kaiserstuhl Railway). In the following years, the infrastructure was constantly enlarged. Since the 1970s, trade and industry increasingly settled in Bahlingen. Currently, there are about 1000 jobs available.
Viticulture.
Wine-growing in this region reaches back to the Roman Age. Currently, Bahlingen cultivates about 280 hectares of vines. Wineries and the cooperative 'Winzer vom Silberberg' (The Vintners of the Silver Mountain) cultivate and sell the wine. The vintners farm a grape variety of Müller-Thurgau (a white grape variety), Pinot Noir, Pinot Blanc and Pinot Gris.
Architecture.
The mountain church with stained glass windows by Valentin Peter Feuerstein towers over the village. Some historical Fachwerkhäuser (half-timbered houses) are characteristic for the overall appearance of the locality. The town hall with its rich half-timbered structure dates back to the 17th century.
Sports.
Bahlingen's soccer team Bahlinger SC plays in the Regionalliga Südwest (regional league south-west), which ranks fourth in Germany's soccer leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="7035971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035971" title="West Africa cricket team">
West Africa cricket team

The West African cricket team was a team representing the countries of Gambia, Ghana, Nigeria and Sierra Leone in international cricket whilst they were an associate member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) between 1976 and 2003. They played in the ICC Trophy on three occasions, in 1982, 1994 and 1997, withdrawing shortly before the start of the 2001 tournament. The team was broken up into its constituent parts in 2003, with Nigeria becoming an associate member of the ICC, the other three affiliates.
Related teams.
A West Africa under-19 team contested the 2001 ICC Africa Under-19 Championship in Uganda, which was the inaugural edition of the ICC Africa Under-19 Championships. The squad included Nigerians, Ghanaians, and Gambians, but no Sierra Leoneans. West Africa lost their opening match against Uganda by 278 runs, but rebounded to narrowly win their next fixture against Namibia by 10 runs. This was followed by a 178-run loss to Kenya and a five-wicket loss to East and Central Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="7035976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035976" title="Henrik Rodl">
Henrik Rodl



</doc>
<doc id="7035981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035981" title="3 Day Select">
3 Day Select



</doc>
<doc id="7035995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035995" title="Poot (The Wire)">
Poot (The Wire)

Malik "Poot" Carr is a fictional character in the HBO drama "The Wire", played by actor Tray Chaney. Poot is a drug dealer in the Barksdale Organization who slowly rises through the ranks. He eventually leaves the drug trade after it causes the death of his best friend Bodie Broadus (J.D. Williams) and many other of his friends. He has the distinction, along with Wee-Bey Brice (Hassan Johnson), Omar Little (Michael K. Williams), Bubbles (Andre Royo), and Proposition Joe (Robert F. Chew), of being one of the only characters in the drug trade to appear in every season.
Of the 17 front-line Barksdale Organization gang members featured in the series, 12 die, and three more are imprisoned with long sentences. He survives being shot three times, more times than any other character except Omar Little. Poot distinguishes himself from the other two remaining survivors, Slim Charles (Anwan Glover) and Dennis "Cutty" Wise (Chad Coleman), as the only low-level player who completely moves away from the drug trade after the organization's collapse.
Biography.
Season 1.
In season 1, Poot works in the low-rise projects territory called "the pit", under D'Angelo Barksdale (Larry Gilliard Jr.). Poot is friends with fellow dealers Bodie and Wallace (Michael B. Jordan). He has a very active sex life, and at one point, the police detail investigating the Barksdale Organization listens in on him having phone sex with a girlfriend. He is depicted as being a contemporary of Bodie and Wallace's, making him about 16 when the show starts.
Poot is trapped in the stash house with other members of his crew when Omar robs it. Although he doesn't get hurt, Poot is terrified enough to vomit when Omar leaves. Poot and Wallace spot Brandon (Michael Kevin Damall), Omar's boyfriend and accomplice in the heist, and Wallace reports the sighting to D'Angelo, even though Poot doesn't believe anyone will come. Stringer Bell (Idris Elba) arrives soon afterwards with three of his Barksdale Organization enforcers.
Poot is not as affected as Wallace when Brandon's disfigured body is displayed in their neighbourhood as a warning to Omar. The trauma from seeing Brandon's body drives Wallace to stop working for the organization. Poot tries to get Wallace to return to work, but he is unsuccessful. Poot follows Wallace and realizes he has turned to drugs to escape his problems. He covers for Wallace with D'Angelo for some time but eventually tells D'Angelo the truth.
Poot's close friendship with Wallace is evident as he stays in touch with Wallace even after the police relocate him to the country. Wallace informs Poot that he has decided to move in with relatives, but in reality, he has become a police informant, leading to his relocation for protective reasons.
Stringer orders Bodie to kill Wallace after Stringer grows suspicious of Wallace's return to the projects after Wallace's long absence. During the lead-up to the hit, Poot's closer friendship with Wallace made him less confident than Bodie about the kill; however, when they cornered the fearful Wallace, who pleaded with his friends, Bodie showed much more hesitation. Only after Poot urged him to finish it did Bodie pull the trigger. Although Bodie fired the initial shot, Poot took the gun from him and finished Wallace off himself.
After the arrest of his one-time mentor and crew chief D'Angelo, Poot demonstrated his commitment to continuing his service to the Barksdale Organization. He stepped into the leadership role by assisting Bodie in physically driving away a rival drug gang. In the closing scenes of season 1, Poot is observed running the Pit, notably imparting some of the earlier lessons taught to him by D'Angelo to the current crew working for him.
Season 2.
In season 2, Poot is still running the pit. However, he has difficulty controlling his subordinates and struggles with the poor quality of product available to the crew. He is significant enough to the organization to attend Stringer's strategy meetings at a funeral home. He continues to work with Bodie who is now in control of his own tower and overseeing the pit. Bodie and Poot become embroiled in a turf dispute with an independent crew that leads to a firefight, in which Bodie, Poot and Puddin (De'Rodd Hearns) fight off six attackers. A child is killed by a stray bullet.
Season 3.
In season 3, the city's demolition of the public housing towers forces the Barksdale organization out of its prime territory - in the cold open of the season premiere, Poot expresses his sadness at the loss of the towers, revealing that he lost his virginity in one of the buildings. It is during this sequence that Bodie reveals Poot's given name is Malik Carr. While Poot remains in charge of his own crew, he now works on a street corner. Because of its move to street corners, the Barksdale organization became embroiled in a turf war with the rival Stanfield Organization.
Barksdale enforcer Slim Charles assures Poot that he will be safe to sell narcotics when the Barksdale Organization tries to expand into Stanfield territory and provides him with more muscle as protection. Poot narrowly escapes being shot in a drive-by on his corner carried out by a Stanfield soldier Snoop (Felicia Pearson), which kills a Barksdale soldier Rico (Rico Whelchel). At the close of season 3, Poot and most of the other Barksdale members are arrested, having been implicated in drug dealing by a police wiretap.
Season 4.
In the second half of season 4, Poot is released from prison after serving 15 months of a four-year prison sentence and immediately goes back to work with Bodie's crew. He is unhappy to learn that they are now working under Avon's old rival Marlo Stanfield (Jamie Hector) but does not seem to mind the change too much.
Poot is a source of advice for Bodie, who often looked to his old friend for help when trying to determine how to view Marlo's cutthroat operations. Poot is with Bodie and Spider when Marlo's crew attacks Bodie's corner. When it becomes clear that they are outnumbered, and that Bodie would rather die than flee, Poot flees the scene, while Bodie chooses to fight. Bodie is soon shot to death.
When Jimmy McNulty (Dominic West) later asks Poot who killed Bodie, Poot tells him that the police killed his friend, as Stanfield's lieutenant, Monk Metcalf, saw Bodie getting into a car with McNulty. Poot is briefly shown in the final montage of the season working for Michael Lee, who took over Bodie's corner.
Season 5.
Poot is briefly seen working at a shoe store where Dukie comes in looking for a job. Poot recognizes Dukie and admits he used to work the corners, but says that he got tired of drug dealing and decided to get a legitimate job instead, because, similar to Dennis "Cutty" Wise, dealing "got old" for Poot. He tells Dukie he won't get hired because he is not old enough and should come back after working the corners for a couple more years. (Clarifications)

</doc>
<doc id="7035997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035997" title="Nmpft">
Nmpft



</doc>
<doc id="7035999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7035999" title="Assan language">
Assan language

Assan () is an extinct Yeniseian language spoken to the south of Krasnoyarsk in Russia. It went extinct in the 18th century. It is similar enough to the Kott language that it can be regarded as a dialect of it, but the Assan identified as a separate ethnicity from the Kotts.
Before its extinction, in 1735-1740, there were two to three speakers of Assan.
Classification.
It has been difficult to properly classify the Yeniseian languages into a larger family. It is only recently that a possible link to the Na-Dené languages, a family of Indigenous language of the Americas spoken in Alaska, Western Canada and the southwestern United States, was suggested by Heinrich Werner. According to this argument, the Yeniseian and Na-Dené languages form two branches of an ancient family represented on both sides of the Bering Strait: the Dené–Yeniseian languages.
Assan itself was very close to Kott, another extinct Yeniseian language, such that Assan is usually represented as a dialect of Kott. However, due to its poor attestation, its status is unclear.

</doc>
<doc id="7036017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036017" title="Julian Ochorowicz">
Julian Ochorowicz

Julian Leopold Ochorowicz ( ; outside Poland also known as Julien Ochorowitz; Radzymin, 23 February 1850 – 1 May 1917, Warsaw) was a Polish philosopher, psychologist, inventor (precursor of radio and television), poet, publicist, and leading exponent of Polish Positivism.
Life.
Julian Ochorowicz was the son of Julian and Jadwiga, "née" Sumińska.
He studied natural sciences at Warsaw University, graduating in 1871. Subsequently he studied under Wilhelm Wundt at Leipzig University, where in 1874 he received a doctorate with a thesis "On Conditions of Consciousness".
Returning to Warsaw, in 1874-75 he was editor-in-chief of the popular Polish-language periodicals, "Niwa" (The Field) and "Opiekun Domowy" (The Home Companion). From 1881 he was assistant professor ("docent") of psychology and natural philosophy at Lwów University.
In 1882 he was sent to Paris, France, where he spent several years. Later, from 1907, he would be co-director of the "Institut General Psychologique".
Returning to Warsaw, from 1900 Ochorowicz was president of "Kasa Literacka" (The Literary Fund). He published pedagogical papers in "Encyklopedia Wychowawcza" (The Encyclopedia of Education).
Ochorowicz was a pioneer of empirical research in psychology and conducted studies into occultism, Spiritualism, hypnosis, and telepathy. His most popular works included "Wstęp i pogląd ogólny na filozofię pozytywną" (An Introduction to, and Overview of, Positive Philosophy, 1872) and "Jak należy badać duszę?" (How Study the Soul?, 1869).
Ochorowicz the poet published in "Przegląd Tygodniowy" (The Weekly Review) under the pen name "Julian Mohort". He wrote the poem, "Naprzód" ("Onward", 1873), regarded as the Polish Positivists' manifesto.
Ochorowicz, a trained philosopher with a doctorate from the University of Leipzig, became the leader of the Positivist movement in Poland. In 1872 he wrote: "We shall call a Positivist, anyone who bases assertions on verifiable evidence, does not express himself categorically about doubtful things, and does not speak at all about those that are inaccessible."
He experimented with microphones and with apparatus for sending sound and light over distances, and so is regarded a precursor of radio and television.
In 1877 Ochorowicz elaborated a concept for a monochromatic television, to be constructed as a screen comprising bulbs that would convert transmitted images into groups of light points. In 1878 he published an article "O możności zbudowania przyrządu do przesyłania obrazów optycznych na dowolną odległość" ("On the Possibility of Constructing an Instrument for Transmitting Visual Images at a Distance") which predicted the basic principle of television.
In 1885, on several occasions, he demonstrated his own improved telephones. In Paris he connected the Ministry of Posts and Telegraph building with the Paris Opera, 4 kilometers distant. Ochorowicz received a French patent for his technology (168,569. Brevet de quinze ans , 29 avril 1885 ; docteur Ochorowicz, à Paris , boulevard Saint-Germain , nº 24. - Système téléphonique reproduisant la parole à voie haute.), and Bruno Abakanowicz produced Ochorowicz's telephones for some 20 years. 
At the Antwerp World's Fair, he set up a connection with Brussels, 45 km distant. He linked St. Petersburg, Russia, with Bologoye, 320 km distant. His microphone impressed the International Society of Electricians and the French Society of Physics.
Ochorowicz conducted experiments at a psychological laboratory that he established at Wisła, Poland.
Personal life.
Ochorowicz married Maria Leszczyńska in 1888. They lived in Warsaw and Paris. She was well-known as a writer, especially on cookery and household hygiene, and as a magazine editor. They were divorced in 1899.
Prus.
Julian Ochorowicz was a former Lublin secondary-school and Warsaw University schoolmate of Bolesław Prus, who portrayed him in his 1889 novel, "The Doll", as the scientist "Julian Ochocki." Ochorowicz, after returning to Warsaw from Paris, in 1893 delivered several public lectures on ancient Egyptian knowledge. These evidently helped inspire Prus to write (1894–95) his sole historical novel, "Pharaoh". Ochorowicz provided Prus books on Egyptology that he had brought back from Paris.
Also in 1893, Ochorowicz introduced Prus to the Italian Spiritualist, Eusapia Palladino, whom he had brought to Warsaw from her mediumistic tour in St. Petersburg, Russia. Prus attended a number of séances conducted by Palladino and incorporated several prominent spiritualist-inspired scenes into his 1895 novel "Pharaoh".
Ochorowicz hosted Palladino in Warsaw from November 1893 to January 1894. Regarding the phenomena demonstrated at Palladino's séances, he concluded against the spirit hypothesis and for a hypothesis that these phenomena were caused by a "fluidic action" and were performed at the expense of the medium's own powers and those of the other participants in the séances. Ochorowicz, with Frederic William Henry Myers, Charles Richet and Oliver Lodge, investigated Palladino in the summer of 1894 at Richet's house on the Île du Grand Ribaud in the Mediterranean. Myers and Richet claimed that furniture moved during the séances and that some of the phenomena were the result of a supernatural agency. However, Richard Hodgson claimed there was inadequate control during the séances and that the precautions described did not rule out trickery. Hodgson wrote that all the phenomena "described could be accounted for on the assumption that Eusapia could get a hand or foot free." Lodge, Myers and Richet disagreed, but Hodgson was later proven correct in the Cambridge sittings as Palladino was observed to have used tricks exactly the way he had described them.
After his divorce, he decided to make some changes in his life: he bought a piece of land at Wisła in Poland's mountains, built himself a villa as well as four additional houses for tourists, and proceeded to live on the rentals.
About 20 June 1900, Prus and his household arrived to visit. In July Prus traveled to nearby Kraków, where until the beginning of September he underwent treatments for his multifarious medical complaints by an ophthalmologist, a neurologist, and a physician who treated his thyroid.
In 1908–9, at Wisła, Ochorowicz studied the mediumship of Stanisława Tomczyk.
In the latter half of the 19th century, Spiritualism was not an unusual subject of study for noted psychologists. A prominent American psychologist who looked favorably on Spiritualism was William James.
Bibliography.
Translations:

</doc>
<doc id="7036018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036018" title="Wootton Rivers Lock">
Wootton Rivers Lock

Wootton Rivers Lock, also called Wootton Rivers Bottom Lock, is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal at Wootton Rivers, Wiltshire, England. It was built between 1804 and 1810, as the Pewsey to Great Bedwyn was the last section of the canal to be built. It was dependant for its water supply on Crofton Pumping Station, at the eastern end of the summit level.
The lock became dry in 1958 after demolition of part of the chimney at Crofton Pumping Station prevented the steam engines from operating. Water supplies were restored in 1989, just prior to the full reopening of the canal after years of restoration. Water for the canal to the west of the nearby summit level is largely supplied from the River Avon at Claverton by backpumping systems, and the final one to pump water from below the lock to the summit pound at Wootton Top Lock was installed in 1998, paid for by a Heritage Lottery grant.
History.
The Kennet and Avon Canal was built in three stages. The first was the canalisation of the River Kennet from Reading to Newbury, which was built between 1718 and 1723. Next to be constructed was the canalisation of the River Avon between Bath and Bristol, which was built between 1725 and 1727. After a long break, a canal between Newbury and Bath was authorised by the Kennet and Avon Canal Act 1794 (34 Geo. 3. c. 90). John Rennie was the engineer for this phase.
After obtaining the act, the committee appointed to manage the work decided that they would build a broad canal, suitable for boats long by wide, rather than a narrow canal. The canal was opened in stages as sections were completed. From Newbury, it reached Hungerford in 1798, and Great Bedwyn in 1799. There were financial difficulties, but in the west the section from Foxhanger near Devizes to Bath was completed in 1804, and work of the section from Devizes to Pewsey was underway in 1803, but no work had been done on the final section between Pewsey and Great Bedwyn, which included the route through Wootton Rivers. The Devizes to Pewsey section was opened in 1807, although the 29 locks of the Caen Hill Flight at Devizes had not been completed. Pewsey was just to the west of Wootton Rivers.
Had Rennie's original plans been followed, there would have been no lock at Wootton Rivers. He had proposed a tunnel long from Crofton to Wootton Rivers which would have been around lower than the present summit level. This was at a level where there was a natural water supply, and would have made a summit level that was long, acting as a large reservoir which would have terminated at Devizes. The engineer William Jessop was asked for a second opinion, and he suggested building the canal at a higher level, which would not need a tunnel at all, but would need a pumping station to provide a water supply. Jessop estimated that this would save £41,000 in construction costs, and would be competed two years earlier. The short Bruce Tunnel at Savernake, long, was built after Lord Ailesbury objected to a cutting deep through his land, which would have been visible from his Tottenham Park pleasure grounds.
Jessop's suggestion was implemented, and the change in level required four locks at the western end, with the canal rising through Wootton Rivers Bottom Lock, Heathy Close Lock, Brimslade Lock and Wootton Top Lock, all in the parish of Wootton Rivers, as well as most of the Crofton Locks at the eastern end. Crofton Pumping Station supplied water from local springs to the summit level, but more water was needed, and an reservoir known as Wilton Water was constructed in 1836 by damming the nearby River Dun, from which additional supplies could be drawn. The work was carried out by John Blackwell.
Wootton Rivers Bottom Lock was built during the final phase of construction between 1804 and 1810. The lock has a rise/fall of 8 ft 0 in (2.43 m). During the 20th century the condition of the canal declined until much of it was derelict, and the Kennet and Avon Canal Association was formed in 1951 to lobby for its restoration. Despite their efforts, Wootton Rivers Lock lost its water supply in 1958, when the chimney at Crofton Pumping Station was declared to be unsafe, and the top were removed. The loss of draught meant that the steam engines could no longer operate, resulting in the summit pound and the locks at both ends drying out. Crofton Locks were rewatered in August 1988 using electric pumps, and an opening cerememony was held, but the pounds leaked, and the canal remained dry until the flight was re-puddled in 1989.
This did not resolve the issues for Wootton Rivers Lock, as in May 1989 British Waterways issued a report on water supplies for the restored canal. It stated that the canal west of Crofton would have to be supplied with water from the River Avon at Claverton. Back pumping systems at Seend, Semington and Bradford would need to be upgraded, and new systems at Crofton, Wootton Rivers, Devizes and Widcombe would be needed. British Waterways agreed to pay for the upgrading of existing systems, but the cost of the new ones and dredging of the canal, estimated at £2.5 million, would have to be found elsewhere. Several boats travelled west from Newbury to Devizes during the Spring Bank Holiday of 1989, and others travelled east from Pewsey to Hungerford. They were the first boats to use Wootton Rivers Lock since 1951.
Work on the Wootton Rivers back pumping scheme eventually began on 26 October 1998. G Pearce Civil Engineering were awarded the contract valued at £600,000, most of it coming from a Heritage Lottery grant. They were based at Devizes, and intended to transport the materials for the installation along the canal by barge. A pumping station was built beneath the towpath at Wootton Rivers road bridge, to house the electric pumps, and a pipeline buried beneath the towpath discharged into an outfall chamber on the summit pound just above Wootton Top Lock, which is also known as Cadley Lock. As part of the contract, bywash weirs were constructed around the four locks of the Wootton Rivers flight. The locks were also equipped with landing stages at both ends, and moorings near the pumping station were made by piling the bank.
The lock and its road bridge are Grade II listed structures.

</doc>
<doc id="7036025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036025" title="List of storms named Yagi">
List of storms named Yagi

The name Yagi has been used to name five tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The name was submitted by Japan, which is the Japanese word for goat and the Japanese name of the constellation Capricornus.
The name "Yagi" was retired at the end of the 2024 season. Its replacement name will be announced in 2026.

</doc>
<doc id="7036029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036029" title="Lysandros">
Lysandros



</doc>
<doc id="7036030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036030" title="Love, Life and Laughter (1923 film)">
Love, Life and Laughter (1923 film)

Love, Life and Laughter is a 1923 British silent film, written and directed by George Pearson. For many years the film was thought lost, and was listed as one of the British Film Institute's "75 Most Wanted" lost films. On 2 April 2014, Dutch film institute Eye announced it had discovered a copy.
Plot.
An impoverished author and a cabaret girl each have their dream of success, but are happy to wake to each other and reality.

</doc>
<doc id="7036033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036033" title="Bugtracker">
Bugtracker



</doc>
<doc id="7036036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036036" title="The Ballad of The Flexible Bullet">
The Ballad of The Flexible Bullet



</doc>
<doc id="7036039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036039" title="2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships">
2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships

The 2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held in Turin, Italy, from Friday, 6 March to Sunday, 8 March 2009. The championships took place at the Oval Lingotto indoor arena which has a seating capacity of 6,700 people.
It was the fourth time that the championships were held in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="7036044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036044" title="Steve Taneyhill">
Steve Taneyhill

Steve Taneyhill (born July 21, 1973, in Altoona, Pennsylvania) is an American businessman, and former college football player and high school football coach. He is most known for being the star quarterback for the University of South Carolina Gamecocks from 1992 to 1995, where he broke the school record for passing touchdowns and led the school to its first-ever bowl victory in the 1995 Carquest Bowl. In 2006, he was inducted into the University of South Carolina Athletic Hall of Fame. For more than a decade, Taneyhill coached football at multiple South Carolina high schools, winning several state titles. He currently owns several businesses in the state, including three bars in Five Points in Columbia, and a restaurant in Spartanburg.
Career.
Player.
As a USC Gamecocks quarterback, Taneyhill compiled 8,380 yards in total offense, completing 753 of 1,245 passes. He threw 62 touchdown passes in his career. Taneyhill wore his hair in a mullet. In 1992 he was named Freshman of the Year by "Sports Illustrated" and was named to The Football News Freshman All-American Team.
Coach.
In 2006, he led the Chesterfield High School football team to the South Carolina state championship, where they lost to Carvers Bay. In 2007 Taneyhill's team returned with a 13–6 win over Carvers Bay for the state title and in 2008. In 2009 Chesterfield won their third state title with a 36–6 win over Lamar.
Taneyhill also coached at Cambridge Academy private school in Greenwood, S.C. He led the 8-man team to back-to-back state titles and a runner-up the year after. He was the quarterbacks coach at West Ashley in Charleston, S.C., for one year in between his jobs at Cambridge and Chesterfield. Taneyhill was also the high school coach of NFL first-round draft pick Gaines Adams, who went on to play for Tampa Bay and Chicago during his professional career before Adams' untimely death in 2010.
Taneyhill assumed the head coaching spot for the Union County High School Yellow Jackets in Union, South Carolina, on March 1, 2012.
Taneyhill was let go as head coach of Union County High School after the 2015 season.
Business.
In 2016, Taneyhill purchased the Five Points, Columbia bar Group Therapy, and renamed it "Steve Taneyhill's Group Therapy." Taneyhill has ownership of Prime Restaurant and Whiskey Lounge located in Spartanburg, South Carolina, open in the summer of 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="7036057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036057" title="Heathy Close Lock">
Heathy Close Lock

Heathy Close Lock is a canal lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Wootton Rivers, Wiltshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 8 ft 1 in (2.46 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7036065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036065" title="My Fair Lady Cocktail">
My Fair Lady Cocktail



</doc>
<doc id="7036071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036071" title="Time unit">
Time unit



</doc>
<doc id="7036073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036073" title="Kenneth Irby">
Kenneth Irby

Kenneth Lee Irby (November 18, 1936 – July 30, 2015) was an American poet. He won a 2010 Shelley Memorial Award.
He is sometimes associated with the Black Mountain poets, especially with Robert Duncan, Robert Creeley, and Ed Dorn.
He was born in Bowie, Texas, and In 1940 he moved to Fort Scott, Kansas with his family. He graduated from the University of Kansas, from Harvard University with an A.M., and from the University of California, Berkeley with a M.L.S. degree. From 1971-1975 he taught in the English department at Tufts University. He was a visiting professor at the University of Copenhagen on a Fulbright grant. 
Irby's last role was as a professor of English at the University of Kansas.
A colloquium held at the University of Kansas on November 5, 2011 honored Irby's work, on the occasion of his 75th birthday. Contributions were made by fellow poets Joseph Harrington, Denise Low, Benjamin Friedlander, Pierre Joris, and Lyn Hejinian.
He died on 30 July 2015 at Lawrence Memorial Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="7036074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036074" title="New York State Route 983C">
New York State Route 983C



</doc>
<doc id="7036082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036082" title="New York State Route 984E">
New York State Route 984E



</doc>
<doc id="7036084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036084" title="Cadley Lock">
Cadley Lock

Wootton Top Lock (previously known as Cadley Lock) is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal at Wootton Rivers, Wiltshire, England, built . The lock has a rise/fall of 8 ft 0 in (2.43 m). The lock and bridge are Grade II listed structures.
East of this lock is the summit of the canal, at 450 ft (137 m) above sea level. Downstream in the same parish are the locks of Brimslade, Heathy Close, and Wootton Rivers Bottom.

</doc>
<doc id="7036086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036086" title="Milla Saari">
Milla Saari

Milla Saari (née Jauho; born 10 July 1975) is a Finnish former cross-country skier who competed from 1994 to 2007. She was best known for her doping role in the 2001 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships doping scandal that would affect five other Finnish skiers for taking hydroxyethyl starch (HES), a blood plasma expander. Saari, then Jauho, was part of the 4 × 5 km relay team that finished second, but would be disqualified for her blood doping and would receive a two-year suspension from the FIS as a result. She also finished sixth in the 15 km event at those same championships.
Saari competed at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano where she finished 31st in the 15 km event and 50th in the 30 km event. She earned all four of her individual career victories up to 10 km after she served her two-year doping suspension from 2003 to 2005.
Saari retired after the 2006–07 World Cup season.
Cross-country skiing results.
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

</doc>
<doc id="7036090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036090" title="Dennis &quot;Cutty&quot; Wise">
Dennis &quot;Cutty&quot; Wise

Dennis "Cutty" Wise is a fictional character inspired by real-life boxing trainer Calvin Ford on the HBO drama "The Wire", played by actor Chad Coleman. Wise is a reformed criminal who sets up a boxing gym for neighborhood children. The name "Dennis Wise" was taken from an actual Baltimore contract killer who is serving a life sentence in prison. The nickname "Cutty" originates from the character serving time in the Maryland State Penitentiary in Jessup, Maryland, which was nicknamed "The Cut."
Biography.
Season three.
Cutty is known as a legendary soldier in Baltimore's drug trade and was finishing a fourteen-year prison sentence when Avon Barksdale and Wee-Bey Brice arrived in prison. Cutty is well respected by Avon and many others in his organization for the work he did before going to prison, including phoning the police from the scene of a daytime murder he had committed. Avon approaches Cutty with an offer of work shortly before his release.
Barksdale lieutenant Shamrock gives him a homecoming gift of a package of narcotics. After observing a street dealer for a time, Cutty approaches him and offers to supply him for a cut of the profit. The dealer, Fruit, takes Cutty up on his offer but refuses to pay him when Cutty returns for the profits. Fruit then takes out a gun and threatens Cutty, leading him to back down.
Cutty turns to work as a day laborer with a landscaping crew to get by. He tracks down his ex-girlfriend, Grace Sampson, to reconnect and finds her working as a schoolteacher. She puts him in touch with her church deacon to help him find work, but resists any other involvement. The deacon suggests that Cutty study to obtain his GED, but Cutty sees this as too difficult and, despite his initial hesitation, begins working with the Barksdale crew soon after his parole.
His effectiveness and intelligence as an enforcer is shown on several occasions when working for Avon. He quickly earns the respect of Avon's primary enforcer Slim Charles, who throws a welcome home party for Cutty. He works with young soldiers Sapper and Gerard to track down a thief in the Barksdale organization, and his experience and intelligence enables them to quickly identify the culprit. Cutty is appalled when the younger soldiers almost kill the young dealer, believing a warning beating sufficient to modify his behavior but keep him fit to work for them.
A turf war between the Barksdales and new power Marlo Stanfield provides more work for Barksdale soldiers. Cutty and Slim Charles plan a raid on a Stanfield corner using a pincer movement. Their younger associates ruin their plan by striking too soon and Barksdale veteran Country is killed as a consequence. Cutty and Slim Charles later decide to strike back alone but when their moment comes Cutty is faced with Fruit and finds himself unable to fire. It becomes clear to Cutty that he no longer has "the game" in him, after which he tells Avon that he's leaving the crew, saying, "The game ain’t in me no mo'." Avon decides to let him leave, telling Slim Charles that Cutty still deserves their respect.
Wise then begins to build a new life by returning to landscaping and, at the deacon's suggestion, opens a boxing gym. At first he is overwhelmed by the bureaucracy and red tape involved in opening the gym, but receives political backing from the deacon's contact, Rev. Frank Reid. Reid puts Wise in touch with State Delegate Odell Watkins and Marla Daniels. Watkins has Daniels help Wise to get the permits he needs for the gym. Attempting to raise the funds to properly equip the gym, he approaches Avon to request the funding. Avon, a former amateur boxer, happily provides the money without any incentive, to Cutty's surprise.
Wise connects with sergeant Ellis Carver through his efforts to encourage children away from drug dealing through sports, and the two develop a mutual respect. He has some success with local children, particularly when the Barksdale-Stanfield turf war temporarily closes down much of the drug trade in the area. In particular, one young dealer named Justin has talent and works hard to improve as a boxer. However, the turf war comes to a sudden end when Avon is arrested, and Cutty finds his gym quickly deserted as the children return to work. Cutty continues his efforts at personal reform despite this setback.
Season four.
In season four Wise's gym is thriving and he has taken on a number of other trainers to work with the kids. Justin returns to training and begins to compete in local boxing matches. Wise receives a great deal of attention from the women of the neighborhood, including the mothers of some of his trainees, who are, it is suggested, jumping at the opportunity to meet a decent and paternal man in a community in which many men have been absent, corrupted, killed, or incarcerated.
He has become adept at controlling the boys who use the gym and earning their respect, although he jeopardizes his position with some of them as a result of his womanizing. He is also having some success in his work as a landscaper having acquired a working knowledge of the Spanish spoken by most of his colleagues. The crew chief is so impressed with Wise that he offers to make him a partner in the business and put him in charge of a second crew, but Wise declines so that he can focus on the gym.
Wise begins to take an interest in training a boy named Michael Lee who he believes is a natural boxer. Michael, distrustful of older men due to his history of being abused by his stepfather, rebuffs Wise's first offer of coaching. Later on, Wise is shot in the leg while trying to convince Michael to leave the corner life. While in the hospital, Wise is instrumental in getting Namond Brice off the streets by arranging Howard Colvin to have a "sitdown" with Namond's father, Wee-Bey.
Season five.
In season five, Wise is briefly shown when Michael Lee, looking out for his friend Duquan "Dukie" Weems, drops him off to train with Cutty. Cutty watches Dukie fight and, seeing his ineptitude as a boxer, tells him that he has other talents and tries to inspire him to leave Baltimore, though he ultimately admits that he himself, despite having reformed, doesn't know how to get out.
Origins.
George Pelecanos is given credit with creating the character of Dennis Wise, based on unused notes from his novel "Drama City" about a man getting out of prison after almost two decades. The idea reflected the "reform" theme of the third season, so the character was added. David Simon's books "" and "The Corner" (written with Ed Burns) both mention the real Dennis Wise. He is described as one of the two most infamous contract killers active in Baltimore during the late 1970s - Vernon Collins being the other.
Police were frustrated by the fact that no witnesses could be found against either man. Neither Wise nor Collins would break under intense police questioning, refusing to say anything other than to request a lawyer. Dennis Wise was eventually sentenced to life in prison in 1979 for a contract killing. In 1999, Maryland Correctional officials transferred Wise to an Arizona prison in Yuma because he was allegedly leading an influential prison gang. Wise wrote a novel called "The Wolf Trap" while in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="7036101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036101" title="Maelsechnaill mac Mael Ruanaid">
Maelsechnaill mac Mael Ruanaid



</doc>
<doc id="7036103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036103" title="Bart Gets Hit By a Car">
Bart Gets Hit By a Car



</doc>
<doc id="7036104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036104" title="Summer (disney short)">
Summer (disney short)



</doc>
<doc id="7036105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036105" title="Autshumao">
Autshumao



</doc>
<doc id="7036109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036109" title="Brady Bryant">
Brady Bryant

Brady Bryant (born February 13, 1982) is an American soccer player.
Career.
College and amateur.
Bryant played college soccer at The Citadel before transferring to the University of Mobile before his sophomore season, where he was a 2002 NAIA honorable mention (third team) All American.
Bryant also played for the Chicago Eagles Select and West Michigan Edge, both of the Premier Development League during his collegiate career.
Professional.
Bryant signed with the Wilmington Hammerheads of the USL Second Division in 2004, he . He spent three seasons with Wilmington before unexpectedly moving to the National Indoor Football League in 2007, where he played as a wide receiver for the Columbia Stingers.
In 2008, he returned to soccer with unsuccessful trials at the Portland Timbers and Charleston Battery of the USL-1. He was then signed by the Charlotte Eagles of the USL-2 where he was a 2008 first team USL-2 All Star.
Personal.
Bryant is the son of Bobby Bryant, a defensive back with the Minnesota Vikings

</doc>
<doc id="7036113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036113" title="Floral Park Handicap">
Floral Park Handicap

The Floral Park Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race run at Belmont Park on Long Island, New York in its fall meet. Established for fillies and mares, age three and up, it started out as a sprint at 6 furlongs on the dirt and offers a purse of $100,000 added.
The year 2007 saw the 13th running of the Floral Park which is named for Floral Park, New York, the site of a very early racetrack, one of America's first horse running courses. In those days races were not run on ovals; they were run in heats over hill and dale, usually four in number, and were exhausting affairs.
In December 2006, the New York Racing Association (NYRA) announced the elimination of this race beginning in 2007 due to its poor placement on the Breeder's Cup Sprint run-up schedule.
On September 27, 2007, NYRA scheduled the Floral Park Handicap as the Floral Park Stakes, with minor modifications. The race conditions were changed; it was run at seven furlongs, changed from six furlongs in previous editions, and was restricted to New York-bred fillies and mares. The winner of this particular race in 2007 was Ice Cool Kitty.
In 2008, the Floral Park Stakes (or Floral Park Handicap) was run at 1 mile or 8 furlongs.
Starting in 2018, the Floral Park Stakes was revived as a stakes event, this time being run on the inner turf course at a distance of six furlongs.

</doc>
<doc id="7036116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036116" title="Massimiliano Papis">
Massimiliano Papis



</doc>
<doc id="7036119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036119" title="Brimslade Lock">
Brimslade Lock

Brimslade Lock is on the Kennet and Avon Canal at Wootton Rivers, Wiltshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 8 ft 0 in (2.43 m) and was built c.1810. Bridge 106 is at the lower end of the lock. The lock and bridge are Grade II listed structures.

</doc>
<doc id="7036121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036121" title="County Route 66A (Westchester County, New York)">
County Route 66A (Westchester County, New York)



</doc>
<doc id="7036129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036129" title="Pigeon Roost State Historic Site">
Pigeon Roost State Historic Site

Pigeon Roost State Historic Site is located between Scottsburg and Henryville, Indiana, United States. A one-lane road off U.S. Route 31 takes the visitor to the site of a village where Native Americans massacred 24 settlers shortly after the War of 1812 began.
Pigeon Roost Village.
Pigeon Roost was established in 1809 by William E. Collings (1758–1828), and consisted mainly of settlers from Kentucky. Collings and his large family held the original land grants in what is now Nelson County, Kentucky, signed by the Governor of Virginia, Patrick Henry. These land grants were deemed illegal. After the passage of the Northwest Ordinance, many squatters moved across the Ohio River and occupied Shawnee lands in southern Indiana. Families living in what is today Scott, Clark, Jefferson and Washington Counties still can often trace their ancestry back to these early settlers.
The town was named Pigeon Roost because of the great number of passenger pigeons in the area. The settlement consisted of a single line of cabins stretching north and south approximately one mile north of the present town of Underwood. The nearest Native village was located some 20 miles north near the Muskatatuck River. None of the Natives from this settlement are believed to have taken part in the attack on Pigeon Roost. The closest forts (called "blockhouses") were one to the north in Vienna in present-day Scott County and another built by Zebulon Collings to the south near what is now Henryville in Clark County.
Pigeon Roost massacre.
On September 3, 1812, a small party of Natives (mostly Shawnee, but possibly including some Delawares and Potawatomis) led by Missilimetaw (or Missilemotaw), made a surprise attack on the village, which appeared to be coordinated with attacks on Fort Harrison (near Terre Haute, Indiana) and Siege of Fort Wayne the same month. In all, twenty-four settlers, including fifteen children, were killed, and two children were taken. Only four of the Native American party were killed.
The Native Americans first came across two hunters near Pigeon Roost and attacked them. They then proceeded to the village, where they struck the cabin of Elias Payne. According to hear-say, Payne's wife and seven children were all killed and scalped; Elias was later found by the Natives in the woods with his brother-in-law Isaac Coffman, and they, too, were killed. Elias Payne had been only wounded, but with no one to tend his wounds, he bled to death. Payne's grave was later destroyed during construction of Interstate 65.
Some settlers managed to escape to the blockhouse of Zebulon Collings, but the Collings family lost many members. Henry Collings was killed and his pregnant wife stabbed to death. According to a journal entry by Henry's brother-in-law, George Heinrich Crist, "Henry lived to tell that little Kill Buck shot him". Henry Collings's brother, Richard, was serving in the army under General William Henry Harrison, but his wife and seven children were among the dead. There is little documented evidence for most of the accounts offered.
William Collings' actions during the attack have been the subject of conjecture. One account has him killing four Natives single-handedly and then holding off the remainder of the attackers with broken or unloaded rifles. Another version says Collings and his youngest son sneaked out the back of his cabin and hid in a nearby cornfield, until they finally were able to escape to Zebulon Collings's blockhouse. A third account (from a journal of George Heinrich Crist, Jr) states Capt. John Norris was at the home William Collings. "If Captain John Norris had not been at Uncle Williams, him and John and Lydia would most likely
been killed."
The wife of John Biggs, a sister of William Collings, heard the war party approach her cabin, and fled with her three children to hide in a thicket. The raiders could tell the cabin had just been evacuated, so they burned it and searched for the family. As one of the Natives approached the thicket, the youngest child began to whimper, and Mrs. Biggs stuffed her shawl into the infant's mouth to keep it from betraying their hiding place. When the raiding party moved on, the Biggs family was able to reach Zebulon Colling's blockhouse, but the infant had died of suffocation.
As news of the massacre spread, the other Pigeon Roost settlers fled and assembled at Zebulon Colling's blockhouse. The Native war party left before the local militia, based in Charlestown, could react. Over one hundred militiamen, led by Major John McCoy, mustered the next day, and followed the attackers as far as the Muscatatuck River, where the trail was lost. Some militia men believed they would have fared better had they been led by General Joseph Bartholomew, who was away from home. A force of Indiana Rangers from Washington County, Indiana under Captain Henry Dawalt intercepted the Pigeon Roost raiders at Sand Creek (in modern Bartholomew County, Indiana). One of the rangers, John Zink, was shot and later died, but the war party was able to escape with only a few casualties.
According to contemporary reports, the leader of the attack was rumored to be a Native named Missilemotaw. He was captured on September 20, 1813, and under threat of death confessed he had led the raid. He claimed to be a close confidant of the Native chieftain Tecumseh and told his captors the British had been supplying the Natives with arms and equipment since 1809 in preparation for war.
The massacre was the first Native American attack against U.S. settlers in Indiana during the War of 1812. It is sometimes stated to be part of the larger conflict between the U.S. and Native Americans in the Northwest Territory, though other historians point to previous interactions between the Natives and their victims as a source of motivations behind the massacre. One of the massacre's victims reported the name of his assailant prior to succumbing to his wounds, proving his acquaintance with the attacker. According to historian Lewis Baird, "The Pigeon Roost massacre was not an Native raid as has been so often stated. The Natives passed through the little hamlet which was the nucleus of Vienna and never harmed a soul, while there. There had been bad blood between the Collins family and the Natives for some time. The Collins boys had stolen a fawn from the Natives and refused to give it up, and from this cause and possibly some other, the whole trouble originated. Those other than Collinses were killed only because they lived in that neighborhood. Neither before nor after the massacre were other white people harmed, showing conclusively that it was only a local fight and giving no cause for alarm to other settlers."
The Pigeon Roost settlement was rebuilt, but was eventually abandoned. Most of the victims were buried in a mass grave, to include members of the Collings and Richey families. Indiana Ranger John Zink was buried in Salem, Indiana's Brock Cemetery.
Memorials.
In 1904 the state of Indiana authorized $2,000 to build a memorial to the victims of the Pigeon Roost Massacre. It is a obelisk and the area was made a state historic site in 1929.
Recently, new historic markers were placed on US-31 at the entrance to the site and a picnic shelter was built. The state has turned the site over to Scott County. This year a log cabin was built on the site, similar to the ones that would have been built by the early settlers. An annual picnic is held on the site, the second Sunday in September.

</doc>
<doc id="7036143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036143" title="White Drini">
White Drini



</doc>
<doc id="7036149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036149" title="Beadie Russell">
Beadie Russell

Beatrice "Beadie" Russell is a fictional character on the HBO drama "The Wire", played by actress Amy Ryan. She was featured prominently in the second season, after she discovered thirteen corpses in a container on the Baltimore docks.
Character storyline.
Background.
Russell is introduced into the series as a port authority officer, a job that she's been doing for two years. She took the job because she needed the pay to support her two young children after her husband abandoned them. Before her appointment, she worked collecting tolls, which did not provide a decent income. Russell's parents often help her with the kids.
She found the job unchallenging and spent most of her time patrolling the docks and checking shipping manifests. She developed a friendly working relationship with many of the stevedores, including Frank Sobotka, though she was kept out of the loop regarding major criminal activities within the stevedore's union because of the Port Authority's lack of manpower.
Season 2.
In season two, Russell notices a broken customs seal on a container while on patrol and searches the container, finding a hidden compartment filled with thirteen dead bodies of young women. She is briefly the primary investigator until Officer Jimmy McNulty intervened after noticing that the air vent in the container had been beaten shut, getting the case reassigned to the city Homicide Unit and also noticing that the Port Authority lacked the necessary resources to investigate the possible murders.
McNulty had previously fished out a fourteenth body while working for the Marine Unit, which was an obvious murder. McNulty largely proceeds with his intervention to spite Major Rawls, who sent him to the marine unit as a punishment in Season 1. Russell is subsequently detailed to Homicide to aid in the investigation. Initially she shows her lack of experience and street knowledge, but she develops some latent talent for police work while working alongside veteran homicide detectives Bunk Moreland and Lester Freamon.
Russell moves into Lieutenant Daniels' detail after he agrees to investigate the bodies, where she soon fends off an awkward advance from Herc. The detail is formed to investigate irregularities in the stevedores union's assets, suggesting theft of products from containers and possible ties with contraband and human trafficking, tying the initial detail against union leader Frank Sobotka, fueled by Commander Valchek due to a petty feud with Sobotka, with the investigation regarding the dead women inside the container, fueled by Major Rawls and Deputy Commissioner Burrell.
Her home life makes it difficult for her to work the long hours necessary for the investigation, but she perseveres. She connects with detective Kima Greggs while discussing the balance of a mother's responsibilities and the dangers inherent in their work, and enjoys flirting with McNulty both during work and while drinking after hours. McNulty visits Russell's house one night, but he feels uncomfortable with the presence of family photos and children's toys, and leaves before a more intimate relationship develops.
Russell's familiarity with the people and organization of the port proves invaluable to the investigation. She taps Maui, an old boyfriend in Frank Sobotka's union, to find out more about illegal activity in the port. Although Maui does not directly give her any information, his suggestion that all the information the Police need is on the port's computer leads the detail to clone the port's container traffic computer system, allowing them to monitor all traffic on and off of ships.
In an attempt to throw Sobotka off of any possible suspicion, Russell dons her Port Authority uniform once more and approaches Sobotka to reassure him that she is no longer detailed in the investigation.
When a suspicious Sobotka sends out a truck carrying normal goods to test the waters, Russell inadvertently tips the investigation's hand by having her colleagues in the port authority stop it. Frank later checks with other port officers who tell him she is still working with the detail, contrary to what she previously told him, and confirming his suspicions that he is being investigated. Despite these mis-steps, Russell gains the respect of the officers in the Sobotka detail.
At the end of their investigation, when the focus shifts past Sobotka, Russell is entrusted with following Spiros "Vondas" Vondopoulos to a key meeting with The Greek. She comes through, delivering the location of the meeting, and enables the surveillance crew to get a photograph of Vondas and his lawyer. The detail loses Vondas' trail.
Russell is able to convince Frank Sobotka to inform on The Greek once a strong case is built against him. Her emotional offer of a deal has Frank ready to give up everything he knows in order to help his family. Sobotka does meet with the officers and DA so he can give a statement, but he approaches without legal representation, so he agrees to meet the next day. His nephew Nick approaches him with an offer from Vondas to help his recently convicted son Ziggy from a murder charge.
Before Sobotka meets with Vondas, The Greek is tipped off with Sobotka's collaboration with the detail through an FBI mole, so they slit Sobotka's throat and dump him in the bay. His corpse is found by the Marine Unit and placed in the port, where all his stevedore union peers and his nephew Nicky gather to see. The detail is informed of the demise and Russell witnesses her former friend's mortal remains with great grief.
Through the collaboration of Nick after the murder of his uncle, the detail is able to identify The Greek and through the capture and collaboration of The Greek's enforcer Sergei Malatov, they are able to pursue both Vondas and The Greek, only missing them by a matter of hours. With several arrests made, the murder of the girls solved by Malatov's collaboration, and the voluntary dissolution of the stevedore's union due to the scandal and the violence involved, Russell returns to her work at the Port.
Season 3 / Season 4.
In 2004, Matt Roush of "TV Guide" responded to a reader question about Amy Ryan's absence from season three: "...unless they transferred her to the wire unit full-time, her presence would have to be shoehorned in unrealistically."
In Season three, McNulty is reminded of Russell and, feeling his life is missing something, he reinitiates their relationship and returns to beat police work. By season four, the two are living together and McNulty has overcome many of his personal demons (which he credits to Beadie's influence). Beadie's children Jack and Cary have become fond of McNulty, even referring to him as just "McNulty". Beadie has now dyed her hair blonde.
Season 5.
By the first episode of season 5, McNulty is lying about late nights at work to cover his drinking and womanizing. Despite leaving him briefly, the two are reconciled by the end of the season: she is last seen sitting with McNulty on her doorstep watching the moon, with her head on his shoulder.

</doc>
<doc id="7036152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036152" title="Alois Gluck">
Alois Gluck



</doc>
<doc id="7036154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036154" title="The female orgasm">
The female orgasm



</doc>
<doc id="7036156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036156" title="Filum terminale externum">
Filum terminale externum



</doc>
<doc id="7036157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036157" title="GreenDay">
GreenDay



</doc>
<doc id="7036158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036158" title="Filum terminale internum">
Filum terminale internum



</doc>
<doc id="7036175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036175" title="Chris (South Park)">
Chris (South Park)



</doc>
<doc id="7036181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036181" title="David O'Callaghan (dual player)">
David O'Callaghan (dual player)

David O'Callaghan (born 18 October 1983) is an Irish hurler who plays at right corner forward on the Dublin county team. He is a former dual player having represented the Dublin county football team between 2003 and 2007. O'Callaghan currently plays his club hurling for his home club St Mark's.
Playing career.
O'Callaghan is a Dublin hurler, who made a decision in 2005 to concentrate on Gaelic football. O'Cllaghan has two Leinster senior football medals, although he is yet to establish himself as a player on the starting panel. O'Callaghan's club St Marks won the Senior Club Hurling 'B' Championship in 2006. O'Callaghan finished the game with a total of 0-05 points in the clubs famous victory. St Marks won the Intermediate championship in 2005 taking them to the Senior Club Hurling 'B' championship in 2006 and now this year's win will entitle the club to play in the 'A' championship with Dublin's top clubs. In honour of O'Callaghan's hurling club performances for St Marks in 2006, he was named on the 2006 Dublin Bus/Evening Herald Blue Star hurling XV.
He won the Leinster Minor Football Championship with Dublin in 2001.
2007.
2007 started very well for O'Callaghan, he scored 2-5 (0-1f) against the Dublin Blue Stars in a challenge match which saw Dublin win by a scoreline of 3–17 to 0–12. His prolific form continued in Dublin's opening game of the O'Byrne Cup with O'Callaghan notching a 1–4 score in a game that Dublin comfortably won. Dublin and O'Callaghan progress to the quarter-final against Westmeath. He pulled off another scoring performance against Westmeath (1-01), a game which Dublin easily won. He won the 2007 O'Byrne Cup with Dublin against Laois at O'Connor Park in Offaly. The game finished on a scoreline of 1–18 to 2–13 against Laois. He failed to score in the O'Byrne Cup final. He failed to score in the final and therefore finished the tournament with a total of 2-5 (0-1f). After spending most of the 2007 National Football League on the bench for Dublin, Dotsy decided to retire from Dublin senior football. It was rumoured that Dotsy may have been defecting to the Dublin senior hurling panel but this rumour proved to be untrue. O'Callaghan will be travelling to the United States for the summer months.
2008.
In 2008, O'Callaghan returned to the Senior Hurling panel and made his championship return against Westmeath in the Leinster Senior Hurling Championship. Dublin won the game by 3–21 to 0–11 with 'Dotsy' contributing a total of 1-06 (0-01f).

</doc>
<doc id="7036182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036182" title="Gendun Drup">
Gendun Drup



</doc>
<doc id="7036184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036184" title="Mohammed Naseehu Ali">
Mohammed Naseehu Ali

Mohammed Naseehu Ali (born 1971) is a Ghanaian-born writer based in New York City.
Biography.
Born in Kumasi, Ghana, Ali went to the United States in 1988 to study. He is a graduate of Interlochen Arts Academy and Bennington College.
His first book, a collection of short stories titled "The Prophet of Zongo Street", was published in 2006 and received positive reviews. Ali has acknowledged being influenced in the writing of this book by V. S. Naipaul's "Miguel Street". He has published short stories and non-fiction essays in several publications, including "The New Yorker", the "New York Times", "Mississippi Review", "BOMB", "Gathering of the Tribes", and "Essence". Ali now lives in Brooklyn, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="7036185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036185" title="Martha Carey Thomas">
Martha Carey Thomas



</doc>
<doc id="7036190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036190" title="Michael Mayne">
Michael Mayne

Michael Clement Otway Mayne, (10 September 1929 – 22 October 2006) was an English priest of the Church of England who served as the Dean of Westminster.
Early life.
Michael Clement Otway Mayne was born at Harlestone, Northamptonshire, the son of Rev. Michael Ashton Otway Mayne, rector of that parish, and his wife Sylvia Clementia Lumley Ellis. His father committed suicide by jumping from the top of Harlestone church tower when Mayne was three years old, after which his mother moved the family to Torbay and then London. With the support of clerical charities, Mayne was educated at The King's School, Canterbury and later at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge and Cuddesdon Theological College, Oxford. His early passion for acting and drama flourished while at university, though his former headmaster encouraged him to take up the priesthood.
Ecclesiastical career and later life.
Mayne served his curacy at St John's Harpenden (1957–1959) and then spent six years as chaplain to Mervyn Stockwood, Bishop of Southwark (1959–1965). In 1965, newly married, he became vicar of the Parish of Norton, Letchworth Garden City, where he carried out an effective ministry for the next seven years.
In 1972 Mayne was made the head of religious programmes for BBC Radio a difficult post expounding Christian faith in a largely secular organisation and arguably made more difficult by Mayne's lack of relevant broadcasting experience. However at the time of his death it was remembered that "he brought to religious broadcasting, if not much in the way of innovation or combative empire-building, yet a great deal in terms of stylistic enrichment and quality. He was...an artist rather than an administrator, a performer rather than an initiator; but he enjoyed very wide respect in his department and outside, with a wit and a humanity which endeared him (despite an occasional grandeur of manner) to his many friends."
After a seven-year stint in the BBC he became the vicar of Great St. Mary's, the university church of Cambridge in 1979.
In 1986 he was invited by Queen Elizabeth II to become Dean of Westminster Abbey, a position he held until 1996. As dean, he officiated at the wedding of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson on 23 July 1986. He initiated great changes in the liturgical and prayer life of the Abbey making the Sunday Eucharist the heart and highpoint of the Sunday celebrations at the Abbey. In addition, he "persuaded his colleagues and some other devout souls to assemble in St Faith's Chapel at 7 am every day for 40 minutes of silent prayer before the regular morning services."
During his tenure he selected various people to be commemorated in the abbey, including Oscar Wilde, Alexander Pope, Edward Lear, Robert Herrick and Matthew Arnold. On his retirement in 1996 he was made Dean Emeritus of Westminster and also received his KCVO.
During his 50s Mayne was diagnosed with ME and wrote a book about his experiences living with the syndrome ("A Year Lost and Found"). In 2005 he was diagnosed with terminal cancer of the jaw, and this led him to write a book about his battle with cancer ("The Enduring Melody").

</doc>
<doc id="7036191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036191" title="Tracy Harris Patterson">
Tracy Harris Patterson

Tracy Harris Patterson (born on December 26, 1964) is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1985 to 2000. He is a world champion in two weight classes, having held the World Boxing Council (WBC) super bantamweight title in 1992 to 1994, and the International Boxing Federation (IBF) junior lightweight title in 1995.
Personal life.
Born Tracy Harris in Grady, Alabama, he is the adopted son of former Golden Gloves and world heavyweight champion Floyd Patterson, turned Golden Gloves success into a solid pro career.
Amateur career.
As an amateur, Patterson won two New York Golden Gloves Championships. Patterson won both the 1984 119 lbs. Open Championship and the 1985 125 lbs. Open Championship. Patterson trained at the Huguenot Boys Club in New Paltz, New York by his adoptive father, former heavyweight champion Floyd Patterson, a two-time Golden Gloves winner.
Professional career.
Patterson turned pro in 1985 and captured the WBC super bantamweight title in 1992 with a TKO over Thierry Jacob. Tracy and his father Floyd are the first father and son to win world titles in boxing. He defended the title four times before losing the belt to Hector Acero Sánchez in 1994. In 1995 he captured the IBF super featherweight title by TKO'ing Eddie Hopson, but lost the belt later in the year when defending against Arturo Gatti. In 1997 he rematched Gatti, but again lost a decision. He retired in 2001 after a draw with a career record of 63–8–2.

</doc>
<doc id="7036200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036200" title="Faking it">
Faking it



</doc>
<doc id="7036207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036207" title="Suzuki GT750">
Suzuki GT750

The Suzuki GT750 is a water-cooled three-cylinder two-stroke motorcycle made by Suzuki from 1971 to 1977. It is the first Japanese motorcycle with a liquid-cooled engine. The includes the 1971 Suzuki GT750 as one of their "240 Landmarks of Japanese Automotive Technology".
Introduction.
The prototype Suzuki GT750 was shown at the 17th Tokyo Motor Show in October 1970 and launched in Japan in September 1971 as a sports tourer (GT standing for Grand Tourismo) and was developed from the Suzuki T500 with an extra cylinder and liquid cooling. Marketed as the "Le Mans" in the US and Canada, it was nicknamed the "Kettle" in Britain, the "Water Bottle" in Australia, and the "Water Buffalo" in the United States. The GT750 was heavy at , with a 739 cc two-stroke three-cylinder engine with 70 mm bore and 64 mm stroke. It had a five-speed gearbox and three-into-four exhaust.
1972 model.
The first model year (1972), the GT750J, had a double-sided, twin-leading shoe, 200 mm drum front brake with 180 mm drum rear. The Exhaust Coupler Tube System (ECTS) that connected the left- and right-side exhausts together was designed to boost low-end torque. Carburetors were 32 mm Mikuni slide type and power output was 67 bhp at 6,500 rpm. Also included was Suzuki's SRIS (Suzuki Recycle Injection System) which was a method for lowering the visible exhaust smoke by collecting and burning residual oil/gas lying in the bottom of the crank chambers. This was a first for any two-stroke from any manufacturer.
1973-1975 models - improved brakes, retuned engine, higher gearing.
In 1973 the Suzuki GT750K was announced with extra chrome plating and two 295 mm discs replacing the drum front brake. No other manufacturer was offering dual front disc brakes at this time, so this was quite a marketing coup for Suzuki. The following year the GT750L gained unitized/rack mounted 40 mm Mikuni CV type carburetors, a gear position indicator added to the instrumentation and redesigned side covers along with other detail changes. The connecting pipe between the exhausts was removed and the exhausts redesigned to improve road clearance. The engine was also re-tuned with an increase in power to 70 bhp for the Japanese domestic market starting in January, 1974. The rest of the world received these changes with the introduction of the 1975 Suzuki GT750M with the new silencers without connecting pipes, raised gearing and power output increased by 3 bhp, now giving a top speed of 120 mph. Handling and performance were thus improved.
1976- models - minor changes and discontinuation.
The 1976 GT750A model pretty much stayed the course with only minor changes to trim items and the obligatory paint colour change. The final 1977 model GT750B had black side panels regardless of tank colour, black headlamp holders, brown faced instruments instead of blue, updated turn signal indicators/lights and taillight assembly.
As with all big two strokes of the late 1970s, the GT750 was a victim of stricter emission regulations and competition from technical developments of four-stroke motorcycles.

</doc>
<doc id="7036217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036217" title="Baghdad Jewish Arabic">
Baghdad Jewish Arabic

Baghdad Jewish Arabic (, ) or autonym ' (Jewish Speech) or ' (our speech) is the variety of Arabic spoken by the Jews of Baghdad and other towns of Lower Mesopotamia in Iraq. This dialect differs from the North Mesopotamian Arabic spoken by Jews in Upper Mesopotamian cities such as Mosul and Anah. Baghdadi and Northern Mesopotamian are subvarieties of Judeo-Iraqi Arabic.
As with most Judeo-Arabic communities, there are likely to be few, if any, speakers of the Judeo-Iraqi Arabic dialects who still reside within Iraq. Rather these dialects have been maintained or are facing critical endangerment within respective Judeo-Iraqi diasporas, namely those of Israel and the United States. In 2014, the film "Farewell Baghdad" (; ), which is performed mostly in Jewish Baghdadi Arabic dialect, became the first film to be almost completely performed in Judeo-Iraqi Arabic.
Classification.
Baghdad Jewish Arabic (and Baghdadi Christian Arabic) resemble North Mesopotamian Arabic, and more distantly Syrian Arabic, rather than the Baghdadi Arabic spoken by Baghdadi Muslims. Muslims speak a "gilit" dialect (from their pronunciation of the Arabic word for "I said") while the others are "qeltu" dialects. Another resemblance between Baghdad Jewish Arabic and North Mesopotamian Arabic is the pronunciation of "ra" as a uvular. This peculiarity goes back centuries: in medieval Iraqi Judaeo-Arabic manuscripts the letters "ra" and "ghayn" are frequently interchanged.
It is thought that the "qeltu" dialects represent the older Arabic dialect of Mesopotamia while the "gilit" dialect is of Bedouin origin. Another factor may be the northern origins of the Jewish community of Baghdad after 1258 (see below under History).
Like Northern Mesopotamian and Syrian Arabic, Jewish Baghdadi Arabic shows some signs of an Aramaic substrate. Violette Shamosh records that, at the Passover Seder, she could understand some of the passages in Aramaic but none of the passages in Hebrew.
History.
The Mongol invasion wiped out most of the inhabitants of Mesopotamia. Later, the original qeltu Baghdadi dialect became extinct as a result of massive Bedouin immigrations to Lower Mesopotamia and was replaced by the Bedouin influenced "gilit" dialect. The Jews of Baghdad are a largely indigenous population and they also preserve the pre-Mongol invasion dialect of Baghdad in its Jewish form, which is similar but a bit different from the general pre-Mongol Baghdadi dialect due to the linguistic influences of Hebrew and Judeo-Babylonian Aramaic, instead of the general Babylonian Aramaic that existed before the Islamic invasion.
As with other respective religious and ethnic communities coexisting in Baghdad, the Jewish community had spoken as well as written almost exclusively in their distinctive dialect, largely drawing their linguistic influences from Hebrew and Judeo-Aramaic languages as well as from languages such as Sumerian, Akkadian, Persian, and Turkic. Simultaneous fluency and literacy in the Arabic used by the dominant Muslim communities had also been commonplace.
With waves of persecution and thus emigration, the dialect has been carried to and until recently used within respective Judeo-Iraqi diaspora communities, spanning Bombay, Calcutta, Singapore, Hong Kong, Manchester and numerous other international urban hubs. After the mass emigration of Jews from Iraq to Israel between the 1940s and 1960s, Israel came to hold the single largest linguistic community of Judeo-Iraqi Arabic speakers. With successive generations being born and raised in Israel, it is mainly the older people who still actively or passively speak Judeo-Baghdadi and other forms of Judeo-Iraqi Arabic. Israelis of Iraqi descent in turn are largely unilingual Modern Hebrew speakers.
Orthography.
The Jews of Baghdad also have a written Judeo-Arabic that differs from the spoken language and uses Hebrew characters. There is a sizeable published religious literature in the language, including several Bible translations and the "Qanūn an-nisā"' () of the hakham Yosef Hayyim.
The following method of describing the letters of the Hebrew alphabet was used by teachers in Baghdad until quite recently:
Phonology.
Consonants.
JB is relatively conservative in preserving Classical Arabic phonemes. Classical Arabic has remained as a uvular (or post-velar) stop, like Christian Baghdad Arabic, but unlike in Muslim Baghdad Arabic where it is pronounced as . is retained as , like in Christian Baghdadi, but unlike the Muslim dialect where it is sometimes . Classical Arabic interdental are preserved, like in Muslim Baghdadi Arabic (Christian Baghdadi Arabic merges them into ). has merged into .
There are a few rare minimal pairs with (e.g. "wáḷḷa" 'by God! (an oath)' vs. "wálla" 'he went away', "ḅāḅa" 'father, dad' vs. "bāba" 'her door'). In other words, there are velarized segments which cannot be demonstrated to be phonemic, but which cannot be substituted, e.g. "ṃāṃa" 'mother, mummy'. There is a certain degree of velarization harmony.
 is one of the primary distinguishing features of Jewish (as opposed to Muslim, but not Christian) Baghdadi Arabic. Older Arabic has shifted to (as in Christian, but not Muslim, Baghdadi Arabic). However has been re-introduced in non-Arabic loans (e.g. "brāxa" 'blessing' &lt; Heb. ברכה, "qūri" 'teapot' &lt; Pers. "qūrī"). Modern loan words from other Arabic dialects also have this sound; this sometimes leads to cases where the same word may have two forms depending on context, e.g. "ʿáskaġ" 'army' vs. "ḥākəm ʿáskari" 'martial law'. There are many instances where this alternation leads to a subtle change in meaning, e.g. "faġġ" 'he poured, served food' vs. "farr" 'he threw'.
The consonants were originally of foreign origin, but have pervaded the language to the extent that native speakers do not perceive or even realize their non-native origin.
Suprasegmentals.
Stress is usually on the ultimate or penultimate syllable, but sometimes on the antipenultimate (mostly in loans or compound words).

</doc>
<doc id="7036218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036218" title="Pokémon Red/Blue">
Pokémon Red/Blue



</doc>
<doc id="7036223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036223" title="Bedwyn Church Lock">
Bedwyn Church Lock

Bedwyn Church Lock is on the Kennet and Avon Canal at Great Bedwyn, Wiltshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 7 ft 11 in (2.41 m). It is a Grade II listed structure.

</doc>
<doc id="7036224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036224" title="Ticktock (novel)">
Ticktock (novel)

Ticktock (1996) is a novel by Dean Koontz. It is significantly out-of-genre for Koontz: after a typical horror opening, the tone of the plot changes to screwball comedy and the humour increases steadily to the end. The subplot of protagonist Tommy Phan's struggle to reconcile his family's tenacious hold on their Vietnamese roots with his personal desire to be purely American is essential to the plot development.
Plot summary.
Tommy Phan is a first-generation Vietnamese American in southern California, a successful detective novelist whose greatest ambition is to live the American Dream. The story opens with Tommy getting a new Corvette. He argues with his mother, refusing her offer for dinner. In a fit of rebellion, he eats two cheeseburgers, something his mother dislikes. He meets a blond waitress there (whom he will meet later in the story again). His radio quits working during one of these two trips, and in the static are eerie voices.
Once home, he finds a Rag doll on his front steps, along with a note, written in Vietnamese, which he knew when he was a child but has forgotten in his quest to be a true American. After taking the doll into his study, it soon bursts open to reveal an evil creature who seems intent on killing Tommy. A message is left on his computer screen saying he has until dawn, but what will happen at dawn, Tommy does not know. After fate brings another meeting with Del (the waitress), a woman who appears to speak somewhat cryptically, they embark on a race to flee the creature. She believes him too quickly, and often has mixed stories for all of her abilities. (At one point she stole a car, saying one minute she hotwired it, and the next that the key was in the ignition.)
The doll appears to be growing larger as their journey continues. They visit Tommy's brother, Gi, to try and translate the note. They then go to Del's apartment, where we learn she's quite rich, but is a waitress anyway. She also shows another side to her when Tommy wants to see her paintings, and she threatens to shoot him if he does. Her dog seems incredibly smart, something that unnerves Tommy.
In their journey to escape the ever-growing doll, Tommy's Corvette is trashed, two cars are stolen, and one large boat is trashed. They arrive at Del's mother's home, which seems utterly odd. They claim to be able to listen to live stuff from the past with their radio. Del's mother shows an uncanny sense of time when she knows exactly when the rain will stop.
Gi calls and tells Tommy to go to their mother, and not to bring the blonde along. Tommy brings Del along anyway, where he then learns the doll was conjured to scare him back home by a friend of his mother. They begin a ritual that, after a few harrowing minutes, completely dispels the monster.
Tommy sees Del's paintings and they're of him. She had remotely viewed him over the past 2 years because she knows he is her destiny.
He and Del get married in Vegas. Then they go back to their normal town.
Critical comment.
Unlike most of Koontz's work, this is a screwball comedy/horror story, in which the comedy gradually outweighs the horror. Serious themes of pagan magic and family conflicts between the ancestral Vietnamese culture and the "American Dream" are counterpoised with the crazy comedy reminiscent of the classic comedy movies of the 1930s such as "Bringing Up Baby".
Critical comment is generally positive. Koontz has stated in the Afterword that he wrote the novel partly as a relief from the darker aspects of his work, especially "Dark Rivers of the Heart", and partly for the challenge of writing a good screwball comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="7036227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036227" title="Harry potter first movie">
Harry potter first movie



</doc>
<doc id="7036228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036228" title="Gorlice County">
Gorlice County

Gorlice County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland, on the Slovak border. It was created on 1 January 1999 as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Gorlice, which lies south-east of the regional capital Kraków. The only other towns in the county are Biecz, lying north-east of Gorlice, and Bobowa, west of Gorlice.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 116,865, out of which the population of Gorlice is 27,442, that of Biecz is 4,590, that of Bobowa is 3,136, and the rural population is 81,697.
Neighbouring counties.
Gorlice County is bordered by Nowy Sącz County to the west, Tarnów County to the north and Jasło County to the east. It also borders Slovakia to the south.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 10 gminas (one urban, two urban-rural and seven rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7036233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036233" title="Sarah Brightman discography">
Sarah Brightman discography

This page includes the full discography of British singer Sarah Brightman, including albums, singles, and theatre cast recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="7036235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036235" title="Rhodesian people">
Rhodesian people



</doc>
<doc id="7036246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036246" title="Newport YMCA FC">
Newport YMCA FC



</doc>
<doc id="7036250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036250" title="Powiat of Gorlice">
Powiat of Gorlice



</doc>
<doc id="7036255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036255" title="The Bear (fairy tale)">
The Bear (fairy tale)

The Bear is a fairy tale collected by Andrew Lang in "The Grey Fairy Book". It is Aarne-Thompson classification system type 510B, unnatural love. Others of this type include Cap O' Rushes, Catskin, Little Cat Skin, Allerleirauh, The King who Wished to Marry His Daughter, The She-Bear, Tattercoats, Mossycoat, The Princess That Wore A Rabbit-Skin Dress, and Donkeyskin, or the legend of Saint Dymphna.
Synopsis.
A king
loved his daughter so much that he kept her in her rooms for fear harm would come to her. She complained to her nurse; unbeknownst to her, the nurse was a witch. She told her to get a wheelbarrow and a bearskin from the king. The king gave them to her, the nurse enchanted them, and when the princess put on the skin, it disguised her, and when she got into the wheelbarrow, it took her wherever she wanted to go. She had it take her to a forest.
A prince hunted her, but when she called to him to call off his dogs, he was so astounded that he asked her to come home with him. She agreed and went in the wheelbarrow. His mother was surprised, and more when the bear began to do housework as well as any servant. One day, the prince had to go to a ball given by a neighbouring prince. The bear wanted to go, and he kicked it. When he left, she implored his mother for leave to just go and watch. With it, she went to her wheelbarrow and used the wand to turn her bearskin into a ballgown of moon-beams. At the ball, the prince fell in love with her, but she fled, so she would be back in time to hide herself. She was pleased when he told his mother of her, because she had fooled him, and laughed under the table. The second ball, she went in a gown of sunlight, and his attempts to follow her carriage did not succeed.
The third time, the prince succeeded in getting a ring on her finger. When he went home, he declared he would search for her. First, he wanted some soup, and for the bear to have nothing to do with it, because every time he mentioned his love, the bear muttered and laughed. The bear put the ring in the soup. The prince asked her to take off the skin, and she became a beautiful young woman. She told the prince and his mother how her father had kept her imprisoned, and the prince married her.
Commentary.
This is an unusual variant of this tale as commonly, the heroine flees the threat of enforced marriage to her own father, as in Allerleirauh, The She-bear, Donkeyskin, and The King Who Wished to Marry His Daughter, or the legend of Saint Dymphna. Other tales where the heroine has another motive include Catskin, where she flees being married off to the first man, Cap O' Rushes, where her father interpreted her words to mean she did not love him, and The Child who came from an Egg, whose (apparent) father had been conquered by another army.

</doc>
<doc id="7036256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036256" title="Halstead's Point, Virginia">
Halstead's Point, Virginia

Halstead's Point was an unincorporated community in York County, Virginia. In 1918, during World War I, a large tract of land in the area including Halstead's Point was taken by the U.S. Navy to create a military base initially known as a mine depot, where ordnance for military shifts was handled. Today, the lost town of Halstead's Point is unrecognizable, but was located near the Gate 3 of the US Naval Weapons Station Yorktown just off State Route 143 and east of Interstate 64.

</doc>
<doc id="7036263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036263" title="Chariots of Fire (album)">
Chariots of Fire (album)

Chariots of Fire is a 1981 musical score by Greek electronic composer Vangelis (credited as Vangelis Papathanassiou) for the British film "Chariots of Fire", which won four Academy Awards including Best Picture and Original Music Score.
The album topped the "Billboard" 200 for 4 weeks. It reached #2 in Canada, #5 in the UK, #5 in Australia, and #6 in New Zealand.
The opening theme of the film, called "Titles" on the album track listing but widely known as "Chariots of Fire", was released as a single; on the "Billboard" Hot 100 it reached #1 and stayed there for one week.
The film score combines styles from across the musical spectrum including prog-rock, symphonic classical music and new age.
A new style.
The film's director, Hugh Hudson, chose Vangelis to compose the film's music, after becoming impressed with his albums "Opera Sauvage" and "China" and having worked with Vangelis on commercials in Paris during the 1970s. A Yamaha CS-80 synthesizer was used on the recording. Vangelis played all the instruments, including synthesizers, acoustic piano, drums and percussion, and recorded the score in his Nemo studio in London, which he had set up in 1975. The music that he came up with, mostly electronic for a period film, initiated a new style in film scoring. The use of synthesizers in film scores beyond mere textures, and their convenience in allowing directors, producers, and studios to hear preliminary versions of full scores found its roots in "Chariots of Fire".
The score album was almost all re-recorded, and sounds different from the music heard on film, with often richer arrangements, particularly in the "Titles" track. The second part of the album is a one-track suite including music from and inspired by the score. Some original themes from the film did not make it to the album.
Although Vangelis had already done a number of film scores, including those for animal documentaries by Frédéric Rossif, "Chariots of Fire" was his first major film score, and it immediately gave him his big breakthrough as a composer, as "Titles" was an international hit and changed the whole course of his career.
Additional information.
In addition to Vangelis' original music, the album includes an arrangement of "Jerusalem", sung by the Ambrosian Singers, as performed at the 1978 funeral of Harold Abrahams, the event which bookends the film and inspired its title. This famous choral work is a 1916 setting by Sir Hubert Parry of William Blake's poem.
Vangelis dedicated the score to his father Ulysses Papathanassiou who had been a sprinter.
Despite Vangelis public performances being rare, he has played "Chariots of Fire" live in Los Angeles, U.S. (November 7, 1986), Rome, Italy (July 17, 1989, as encore), Rotterdam, Netherlands (June 18, 1991), and Athens, Greece ("Mythodea" concerts of July 13, 1993 and June 28, 2001, as encore, and August 1, 1997)
In 2000, and again in 2006, the album was relaunched on CD, on both occasions remastered by Vangelis.
Tracks from the album have been included in several official Vangelis compilations, namely "Themes" (1989), "Best Of Vangelis" (1992), "Portraits {So Long Ago, So Clear}" (1996), and "Odyssey - The Definitive Collection" (2003).
Of the pieces of Vangelis's music that did not end up on the film's soundtrack album is the background music to the race Eric Liddell runs in the Scottish highlands. The title of this piece is "Hymne", and it is a new arrangement for the film from Vangelis' 1979 album, "Opéra sauvage". The original version is also included on Vangelis's compilation albums "Themes", "Portraits", and "".
Director Hugh Hudson's original choice for the famous slow-motion running sequences on the beach was the track "L'Enfant" from "Opéra sauvage". Vangelis had to persuade Hudson to let him create something original for the scene, using the same tempo as "L'Enfant." The result was the "Chariots of Fire" title track, "Titles".
Court case.
In 1985 Greek composer Stavros Logaridis sued Vangelis for plagiarism (EMI vs Warner Brothers), alleging the title track had plagiarised Logaridis' song "City of Violets" (1977), which does feature similar instrumentation and chord progressions. Vangelis demonstrated his first-take improvisational composition style live on his synthesizers in court and was acquitted of the complaint. The case reached the London High Courts in 1987 and was referred to as a test case numerous times in the following years in matters relating, but not limited, to music sampling and copyright infringement.
Uses in other media.
The "Titles" track of "Chariots of Fire" has been used in innumerable parodies in films and television shows, especially in slow-motion sequences. It is used in the Olympic-themed video game "Track &amp; Field".
The piece has also been used in numerous venues as inspirational music for athletes. At the opening ceremony of the 2012 Summer Olympics, the piece was used in a parody London Symphony Orchestra performance featuring Rowan Atkinson, in character as Mr. Bean. The piece was also played during every victory ceremony at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
It has been used during celebratory occasions for organizations. For one notable example, it was played when Apple Inc.'s chairman Steve Jobs introduced the first Macintosh on January 24, 1984, at a technology demonstration event.
Track listing.
The album was released in 1981 on LP, compact cassette and on 8-track cartridge in the U.S. The version on CD was released in 1984 in Germany. The track list below corresponds to LP and cassette variants.
"All tracks written by Vangelis Papathanassiou, except where noted."
Charts.
The album reached number-one in the sales charts of various countries, including four weeks at number-one in the United States. In total, the album stayed 97 weeks in the "Billboard" 200, selling three million copies in the first year alone, becoming the best-selling instrumental film score until the release of in 1997. The album reached number five in the UK Albums Chart and stayed in the listing for 107 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="7036264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036264" title="Burnt Mill Lock">
Burnt Mill Lock

Burnt Mill Lock is on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Great Bedwyn, Wiltshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 7 ft 9 in (2.36 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7036271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036271" title="Harry potter second movie">
Harry potter second movie



</doc>
<doc id="7036278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036278" title="Ellen Loo">
Ellen Loo



</doc>
<doc id="7036287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036287" title="Harry potter fifth movie">
Harry potter fifth movie



</doc>
<doc id="7036288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036288" title="Dirk Cjelli">
Dirk Cjelli



</doc>
<doc id="7036291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036291" title="Potter's Lock, Wiltshire">
Potter's Lock, Wiltshire

Potter's Lock is on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Bedwyn, Wiltshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 7 ft 6 in (2.28 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7036293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036293" title="Çorum province">
Çorum province



</doc>
<doc id="7036294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036294" title="1972 European Athletics Indoor Championships">
1972 European Athletics Indoor Championships

The 1972 European Athletics Indoor Championships were held between 11–12 March 1972 in Grenoble, France.
The track used for the championships was 180 metres long.

</doc>
<doc id="7036295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036295" title="Sword of Legendia">
Sword of Legendia

Sword of Legendia was a video game announced in 2006 by Namco Bandai Games, for the Wii. Despite the title's similarity to the 2005 PlayStation 2 role-playing video game title by Namco, "Tales of Legendia", it was confirmed by producer Tsutomu Gouda that it was not part of the Tales series. In a Japan Expo 2011 interview, the game was revealed to have been cancelled.
History.
"Sword of Legendia" was revealed during the Wii's preview event on September 13, 2006. That same year, there was a video on the Wii's Japanese website showing various interviews with developers, one of whom was Makoto Yoshizumi, producer of "Tales of Symphonia". During a discussion of the Wii Remote, he displayed a single piece of artwork for the game. Little was said about "Sword of Legendia" after this, but it remained listed on Namco's Japanese website in their Wii games section, alongside "", which was revealed back in 2007.
Tsutomu Gouda commented on the game in a 2008 interview regarding the then-upcoming "Tales of Vesperia". He confirmed that he was in charge of the game, and that it was still in development, though the game would likely undergo a title change before release, as it was not meant to be associated with the "Tales" series.
On May 19, 2009, website Cubed3 posted an interview with the producer of "", Kentarou Kawashima, asking about if "Fragile" and "Sword of Legendia" were in any way related and if "Sword of Legendia" was even still in development. Kawashima responded that the two games were unrelated and that he could not disclose details about "Sword of Legendia".
In a French interview with Makoto Yoshizumi, it was revealed that "Sword of Legendia" had been cancelled for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="7036302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036302" title="Nick Arvin">
Nick Arvin

Nick Arvin is an American engineer and writer.
Early life and education.
Arvin was born in North Carolina and raised in Michigan. He graduated from the University of Michigan and Stanford University with degrees in mechanical engineering. He is also a graduate of the Iowa Writers' Workshop. He has worked in forensic engineering and accident reconstruction.
Writing career.
He has published four books of fiction: "The Reconstructionist", "Articles of War", "Mad Boy", and "In the Electric Eden: Stories".
He has also had work published in "The New Yorker".
Personal life.
He currently resides in Denver, Colorado.
Awards.
"Articles of War" was listed by "Esquire" magazine as one of the best books of the year and was awarded the Rosenthal Award from the American Academy of Arts and Letters, the W. Y. Boyd Literary Award for Excellence in Military Fiction from the American Library Association, and the Colorado Book Award. He is also the recipient of a Michener Fellowship and an Isherwood Foundation Grant.
In 2008, Arvin was awarded a Literature Fellowship by the National Endowment for the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="7036310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036310" title="Resen, Veliko Tarnovo Province">
Resen, Veliko Tarnovo Province

Resen () is a large village in Veliko Tarnovo Municipality, Bulgaria, located about 20 kilometers north of the university town of Veliko Tarnovo, just south of the River Rositsa.
Resen has a few local bars, shops and a typical Bulgarian restaurant. In summer 2007 the village centre underwent extensive improvements, including a children's play area, a supermarket, and a church. The village is served with broadband Internet access via a wireless network from the village Post Office, and also now available is wired internet.
Several families from other countries have bought and renovated properties in the village, and a guest house called Resen Lodge has been established.

</doc>
<doc id="7036315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036315" title="John C. Bersia">
John C. Bersia



</doc>
<doc id="7036316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036316" title="List of Heartbeat cast members">
List of Heartbeat cast members

Heartbeat is a British period drama series, based upon the "Constable" series of novels written by Nicholas Rhea, and produced by ITV Studios (formerly Yorkshire Television until it was merged by ITV) from 1992 until 2010. The following is a list of actors who served as cast members for the programme, grouped by category of the role they maintained, ordered by first appearance and listing the series they served in. This list also included actors who maintained recurring roles during the programme's history.
Recurring characters.
This section lists other characters who have appeared in more than one episode.
Guest stars.
Over the years, a number of well-known guest stars have made one-off appearances in "Heartbeat", either in cameo roles or more substantial single-episode parts. These include Richard Todd, David Essex, David McCallum, Charlotte Church, Michelle Dockery, John Nettles, Philip Jackson, Geraldine Newman, Siobhan Finneran, John Simm, Gary Barlow, David Dickinson, Todd Carty, Philip Glenister, Lulu, George Cole, Ray Illingworth, Brian Close, Margaret Tyzack, Roy Dotrice, Roland Gift, Ralf Little, Dickie Bird, Daniel Craig, Clive Swift, Jean Alexander, Geoffrey Bayldon, Clive Mantle, Tim Brooke-Taylor, Twiggy, Benedict Cumberbatch, Noel Fitzpatrick, Leslie Phillips, Lindsey Coulson, George Layton, Maureen O'Brien, Gabrielle Drake, Robin Ellis, Leslie Grantham, George Baker, Paul Nicholas, Brigit Forsyth, Jan Francis, Peter Vaughan, Celia Imrie, Helen Lederer,Alan Price, Sam Kelly, Duncan Preston, Rodney Bewes, Bobby Ball, Tommy Cannon, Russ Abbot, Jon Culshaw, Freddie Garrity, Miranda Raison, Dave King and Michael Angelis.

</doc>
<doc id="7036317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036317" title="Wadowice County">
Wadowice County

Wadowice County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the town of Wadowice, the birthplace of Pope John Paul II, which lies south-west of the regional capital Kraków. The county also contains the towns of Andrychów, lying west of Wadowice, and Kalwaria Zebrzydowska, east of Wadowice.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 154,304, out of which the population of Andrychów is 21,691, that of Wadowice is 19,149, that of Kalwaria Zebrzydowska is 4,503, and the rural population is 108,961.
Neighbouring counties.
Wadowice County is bordered by Chrzanów County to the north, Kraków County and Myślenice County to the east, Sucha County to the south, Żywiec County to the south-west, Bielsko County to the west, and Oświęcim County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 10 gminas (three urban-rural and seven rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7036319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036319" title="Harry potter third movie">
Harry potter third movie



</doc>
<doc id="7036320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036320" title="Powiat of Wadowice">
Powiat of Wadowice



</doc>
<doc id="7036323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036323" title="Little Bedwyn Lock">
Little Bedwyn Lock

Little Bedwyn Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Little Bedwyn, Wiltshire, England.
The canal is administered by the Canal &amp; River Trust. The lock has a rise/fall of 6 ft 7 in (2.01 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7036324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036324" title="Buhid language">
Buhid language

The Buhid language (Buhid: ) is a language spoken by Mangyans in the island of Mindoro, Philippines. It is divided into eastern and western dialects.
It uses the Buhid script, which is encoded in the Unicode-Block Buhid (Buid) (1740–175F).
Distribution.
Barbian (1977) lists the following locations.

</doc>
<doc id="7036325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036325" title="Tadyawan language">
Tadyawan language

The Tadyawan language is a language spoken by Mangyans in the southern Lake Naujan in Oriental Mindoro, Philippines.
Dialects.
Tweddell (1970:195) lists four dialects.
Nauhan and East Aglubang are close to each other. The West Aglubang is spoken farthest out and has strong Alangan influence.
Barbian (1977) lists the following locations.

</doc>
<doc id="7036326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036326" title="Hanunoo language">
Hanunoo language

Hanunoo, or Hanunó'o (), is a language spoken by Mangyans in the island of Mindoro, Philippines.
It is written in the Hanunoo script.
Phonology.
Consonants.
Hanunoo has 16 consonant phonemes.
Diphthongs.
Hanunoo also has four diphthongs: , , , and .
Distribution.
Hanunoo is spoken in the following locations according to Barbian (1977):

</doc>
<doc id="7036328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036328" title="Tawbuid language">
Tawbuid language

The Tawbuid language is a language spoken by Tawbuid Mangyans in the province of Mindoro in the Philippines. It is divided into eastern and western dialects. The Bangon Mangyans also speak the eastern dialect of Tawbuid.
Geographic distribution.
The Tau-buid (or Tawbuid) Mangyans live in central Mindoro.
In Oriental Mindoro, Eastern Tawbuid (also known as Bangon) is spoken by 1,130 people in the municipalities of Socorro, Pinamalayan, and Gloria.
In Occidental Mindoro, Western Tawbuid (also known as Batangan) is spoken by 6,810 people in the municipalities of Sablayan and Calintaan.
Phonology.
Western Tawbuid.
Historical comparison.
Comparison with related languages shows a gradual loss of &gt; &gt; . For example:
There is a residual in the 1st person singular, in the affix , usually shortened in speech to . E.g. (or ) 'I will arrive.'
Glottals.
There are no glottal phonemes, either or , in Tawbuid.
The glottal stop may be realized between adjacent identical vowels. Normally though, in connected speech, two adjacent vowels are either merged to form a lengthened vowel or differentiated by stress. For example:
Notice that in the above, the stress precedes the glottal, whereas without a glottal, the stress is in the normal position for that particular stress pattern.
Vowels following and offer different interpretations as to whether a linking or is present. For example:
Assimilation.
There is a remarkable absence of assimilation at the point of articulation of nasals with following sounds. For example:
Description of phonemes.
 close front spread
 half close front spread
Established as a phoneme in contrast with by minimal pairs
Occurrence in similar environment:
Historically this was most likely . It is a common occurrence in languages around the world for to become , as in French and English. (Tagalog also exhibits this trend, with being pronounced in connected speech.) Comparison of Tawbuid with related languages shows this:
Within Tawbuid, and alternate with different grammatical forms of the same word.
 open central unrounded
Vowel which occurs in syllable-initial, mid and final positions.
 half-open back rounded
Established as a phoneme in contrast with by minimal pairs
As with , this is probably a historical development of . A similar process occurred in English and French.
 close back rounded
Syllable-initial, middle and final
 close central unrounded
Syllable-initial, middle and final
In orthography, the letter "v" is used. In the 1950s when the Reeds started writing the language, that was a convenient (and unused) letter on the typewriter. It is the least frequent vowel (&gt;1%), and in fact the least frequent phoneme (&gt;0.5%) in the language. It mostly occurs with or in an adjacent syllable. In all but one word () and are the only vowels used. (One exception noted: the name of a river near Tundayaw is Guribvy.)
 voiced bilabial plosive
Syllable-initial and final. For example:
 voiceless bilabial plosive
Environment: syllable-initial (but rare word-initial) and final
Variants: voiceless unaspirated bilabial plosive
Environment: syllable-initial
 voiceless slightly aspirated bilabial plosive
Environment: word-final
 is established as a phoneme in contrast with by the following:
There is at least one minimal pair:
 is in contrastive distribution with under the following circumstances:
 voiced alveolar plosive
Syllable-initial and final.
Realised as before voiceless consonants, most frequently in the verb form CVd-root-an.
 voiceless alveolar plosive
Environment: syllable-initial and final
Variants:
Environment: syllable-initial
Environment: word-final
 voiced velar plosive
Environment: syllable-initial and final, or initial cluster.
Realised as before voiceless consonants, for example in the verb prefix "g-", and prefixes "tag-", "fag-".
 voiceless velar plosive
Environment: syllable-initial and final
 voiceless unaspirated bilabial plosive
Environment: syllable-initial
 voiceless slightly aspirated plosive
Environment: word-final
There is a tendency for the initial to be lost in Tawbuid compared to similar words in related languages. For example:
 voiceless labiodental fricative
Environment: syllable-initial only. See comments on for contrastive features.
Rare in Austronesian languages. Historically related to Tagalog and other Philippine languages. . For example:
 voiceless alveolar fricative
Can occur in all syllable positions, and in the initial consonant cluster . The affricate is treated as a unit rather than two successive consonants.
 bilabial nasal
Can occur in all syllable positions.
 dental nasal
Environment: syllable-initial and final and syllabic
 velar nasal
Environment: syllable-initial and final and syllabic
 voiced alveolar palatalized lateral
Environment: syllable-initial and final
 voiced alveolar flap
Environment: syllable-initial and (rarely) final
 voiced bilabial approximant
Environment: syllable-initial and final
 voiced palatal approximant
Environment: syllable-initial and final
Stress patterns
Primary stress in Tawbuid is either final or penultimate. Most words are stressed unpredictably, and in some speakers, all syllables seem to be equally stressed. Modification in stress occurs in affective speech (see below).
Some syllable patterns have predictable stress. A word containing two adjacent syllables with CVC patterns are stressed on the second of those two syllables, whether final or not.
Words with two identical CVC patterns interrupted by or are also stressed on the second of those two CVC syllables.
Where the final and penultimate syllables are open, and the vowels are the same, the stress is penultimate.
But when the vowels are different, stress can occur unpredictably.
A root word can change its stress when affixes are added, because affixes carry their own inherent stress.
In affective speech (utterances in which the speaker wishes to convey emotion), lengthening may change stress:
Secondary stress and tertiary stress
In words of more than three syllables there is a secondary and even a tertiary stress.
Accent
Within the Western Tawbuid region, there are distinctive accents as well as vocabulary preferences. Taking the rebuke 'don't do that':
A rebuke or any utterance conveying a negative emotion is frequently said with lips rounded throughout.
Syllable patterns
V
Monosyllabic words are: , , 
Some words beginning with a vowel have a V syllable-initial pattern.
 V-CV
C – in the case of the completed aspect prefix 
VC
CVC
CCV
CVC with semivowels

</doc>
<doc id="7036330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036330" title="Alangan language">
Alangan language

The Alangan language is a language spoken by Mangyans in the province of Mindoro in the Philippines.
Alangan is spoken by 2,150 people in the following municipalities of north-central Mindoro ("Ethnologue").
The Ayan Bekeg dialect spoken on the northeast slopes of Mount Halcon is understood by Alangan speakers throughout the area (Tweddell 1970:193).
Barbian (1977) lists the following locations.

</doc>
<doc id="7036332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036332" title="Iraya language">
Iraya language

The Iraya language is a language spoken by Mangyans on the island of Mindoro in the Philippines. Zorc (1974) places the Iraya language within the North Mangyan group of Malayo-Polynesian languages, though Lobel (2013) notes that it shows "considerable differences" to Tadyawan and Alangan, the other languages in this group. There are 6,000 to 8,000 Iraya speakers, and that number is growing. The language status of Iraya is developing, meaning that this language is being put to use in a strong and healthy manner by its speakers, and it also has its own writing system (though not yet completely common nor maintainable).
"Ethnologue" reports that Iraya is spoken in the following municipalities of northern Mindoro island.
Barbian (1977) also lists the location of Calamintao, on the northeastern boundary of Santa Cruz municipality ( up the Pagbahan River from the provincial highway).
The language is not well documented, though a translation of the Bible is available locally.
Dialects and speech registers.
There are different dialects spoken in the North East, North West, and Southwest areas. Some of these dialects are the following:
Basic vocabulary and grammar is shared across the dialects. Besides differences in pronunciation, the dialects differ in their preferred usage of words and expressions from the general Iraya vocabulary stock. Furthermore, there are regional borrowings from adjacent languages. Iraya from the lowland, living between the foothills and the plains, adopted some words from Tagalog. Iraya living in the foothills, or on the lower slopes of Ht. Halcon, adopted words from the closely related Alangan language.
Besides a generally used colloquial register called , Iraya knows a quasi-liturgical speech register known as . This type of speech is used in power songs used by shamans of Occidental Mindoro. "" is only understood by Shamans, and other people do not recognize this speech. A recording of the power song can be found in the San Teodoro area of Oriental Mindoro.
Phonemes.
The Iraya languages distinguishes 20 phonemes:
The following charts illustrate the phonemes by articulation. The consonant is represented as in common writing, and the high central vowel is represented by . The consonant can have both a dental or alveolar point of articulation.
Intonation.
Declarative paragraph: The first sentence starts at a high pitch. Then, each of the next sentences have a lower pitch. The last sentence will have the lowest pitch.
Emotional or dramatic paragraphs: This is the opposite of declarative paragraphs. Each sentence becomes higher than the previous sentence, until the last sentence ends with a more or less higher pitch and long pause.
Syllables.
The following syllable types are used in the Iraya language. (C = consonant; V = vowel)
In consonant clusters, the Iraya language only uses /w/ or /r/ as the second consonant in an onset cluster, as in the two examples and presented above (the latter being a Spanish loanword).
Pronouns.
Nominative (or subjective) and genitive (or possessive) cases are distinguished for pronouns. For example, the pronoun 'I' translated to in Iraya, and the pronoun 'my' is . The Iraya language has dual pronoun forms based on the numeral 'two'. The following table presents the Iraya pronominal paradigm.
Demonstratives.
Zorc (1974) lists the following demonstratives:
Question words.
The two words and both translate to 'how much, how many' but have different uses. Examples of these question words are given below:
The latter sentence uses because it is counting age.

</doc>
<doc id="7036337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036337" title="Arabic dialect">
Arabic dialect



</doc>
<doc id="7036343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036343" title="Lumbar enlargement">
Lumbar enlargement

The lumbar enlargement (or lumbosacral enlargement) is a widened area of the spinal cord that gives attachment to the nerves which supply the lower limbs.
It commences about the level of T11 and ends at L2, and reaches its maximum circumference, of about 33 mm. Inferior to the lumbar enlargement is the conus medullaris.
An analogous region for the upper limbs exists at the cervical enlargement.

</doc>
<doc id="7036347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036347" title="Cervical enlargement">
Cervical enlargement

The cervical enlargement corresponds with the attachments of the large nerves which supply the upper limbs.
Located just above the brachial plexus, it extends from about the fifth cervical to the first thoracic vertebra, its maximum circumference (about 38 mm.) being on a level with the attachment of the sixth pair of cervical nerves.
The reason behind the enlargement of the cervical region is because of the increased neural input and output to the upper limbs.
An analogous region in the lower limbs occurs at the lumbar enlargement.

</doc>
<doc id="7036348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036348" title="Harry potter fourth movie">
Harry potter fourth movie



</doc>
<doc id="7036353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036353" title="Timmy Thomas">
Timmy Thomas

Timothy Earle Thomas (November 13, 1944 – March 11, 2022) was an American R&amp;B singer, keyboardist, songwriter, and record producer, best known for the hit song, "Why Can't We Live Together".
Life and career.
Thomas was born in Evansville, Indiana, on November 13, 1944, one of twelve siblings. He first attracted interest in his work as an accompanist with Donald Byrd and Cannonball Adderley, before working as a session musician in Memphis, Tennessee, and releasing singles on the Goldwax Records label. He had little solo success until he moved to Glades Records in Miami, Florida, and in late 1972 he released "Why Can't We Live Together". The record topped the U.S. "Billboard" R&amp;B chart, made the top three on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and top 20 in other countries including the United Kingdom where it peaked at number 12 on the UK Singles Chart. This disc sold over two million copies.
He was earlier part of a group called Phillip &amp; the Faithfuls, which also included the singer Phillip Reynolds, releasing material for the Goldwax imprint, including "Love Me", "What'Cha Gonna Do" and "'If You Love Her" (all in 1964). He then became a session musician in Memphis, continuing to release solo sides for Goldwax, including "Have Some Boogaloo". He also released "It's My Life" in 1967. In 1970, he had switched labels to the Climax imprint and one side called "What's Bothering Me". Relocating to Miami, Florida, in 1972, Thomas played sessions for the TK group labels, signing to the Glades Records imprint, where, later that year, he released "Why Can't We Live Together".Thomas followed up the release with "People Are Changin'" (B-side "Rainbow Power") which reached the charts in 1973. In 1974, he released the album "You're the Song I've Always Wanted to Sing". He went on to release six further Glades singles and then, in 1975 recorded a duet with Betty Wright entitled "It's What They Can't See". From 1976 through 1980, Thomas recorded singles for both the Glades imprint and the T.K. Disco label, including "Stone to the Bone", "Africano", "Touch to Touch", "The Magician", "Freak In, Freak Out" and "Drown in My Own Tears" and the albums "The Magician" (Glades, 1976) and "Touch to Touch" (Glades, 1977). He also continued to work on sessions for TK Records artists, including Gwen McCrae, and in later years as a producer.
Thomas went on to record several R&amp;B hits culminating in "Gotta Give a Little Love (Ten Years After)", a U.S. top 30 soul entry in 1984 for Gold Mountain Records. Thomas appeared on Nicole McCloud's 1985 album "What About Me?", singing on a duet with her called "New York Eyes". This track reached number 41 in the UK.
In the 1990s, he worked as a producer for LaFace Records and released the album "With Heart and Soul" for DTM Records. Also, his song "(Dying Inside) To Hold You" was a hit in the Philippines, and gained further popularity in 2017 when it was covered by Darren Espanto for the film "All of You".
In 2015, Drake sampled Thomas' signature hit, "Why Can't We Live Together", on his single "Hotline Bling".
Thomas died of cancer on March 11, 2022, at the age of 77.

</doc>
<doc id="7036356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036356" title="Harry potter first book">
Harry potter first book



</doc>
<doc id="7036357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036357" title="Oakhill Down Lock">
Oakhill Down Lock

Oakhill Down Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Froxfield, Wiltshire, England, between Newbury Bridge and Pewsey Wharf.
The lock was built between 1794 and 1799, and has a rise/fall of 5 ft 11 in (1.80 m). The lock and bridge are Grade II listed structures.

</doc>
<doc id="7036358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036358" title="Buhid">
Buhid

Buhid may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7036363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036363" title="Proszowice County">
Proszowice County

Proszowice County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is Proszowice, which lies north-east of the regional capital Kraków. Its only other town is Nowe Brzesko (since 2011).
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 43,441, out of which the population of Proszowice was 6,205 and the rural population was 37,236.
Neighbouring counties.
Proszowice County is bordered by Kazimierza County and Tarnów County to the east, Brzesko County to the south-east, Bochnia County to the south, Kraków County to the south and west, and Miechów County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (two urban-rural and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
Proszowice County in the past.
The history of Proszowice County dates back to the early 16th century, when it was created. Until the Partitions of Poland, the county was part of Kraków Voivodeship. It had the area of 2880 sq. kilometers, with 15 towns, including Kraków, Będzin, Chrzanów, Olkusz, Sławków, Działoszyce, Słomniki and Nowe Brzesko.
Proszowice County was disbanded by Austrian authorities in 1794, and most of its territory was merged into District of Miechów. From 1815 until 1916, most of former county belonged to Russian-controlled Congress Poland. Separated by Austro-Russian border from the city of Kraków, the region stagnated, with Proszowice losing its town charter in 1864.
In the Second Polish Republic, Proszowice regained town rights in 1923, but was not named seat of a county. After World War II, Proszowice belonged to Miechów County until 1954, when Proszowice County was recreated. It existed until 1975 when all counties were disbanded (see Administrative division of the Polish People's Republic).
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7036364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036364" title="Powiat of Proszowice">
Powiat of Proszowice



</doc>
<doc id="7036390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036390" title="The Three Crones">
The Three Crones



</doc>
<doc id="7036399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036399" title="Limanowa County">
Limanowa County

Limanowa County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Limanowa, which lies south-east of the regional capital Kraków. The only other town in the county is Mszana Dolna, lying west of Limanowa.The county is divided between Gorals in the territories of gmina Mszana Dolna and gmina Niedziewiedź and Lachs in the rest of the territory.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 121,804, out of which the population of Limanowa is 15,157, that of Mszana Dolna is 7,944, and the rural population is 108,628.
Neighbouring counties.
Limanowa County is bordered by Bochnia County and Brzesko County to the north, Nowy Sącz County to the east, Nowy Targ County to the south-west, and Myślenice County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 12 gminas (two urban and 10 rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7036402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036402" title="Powiat of Limanowa">
Powiat of Limanowa



</doc>
<doc id="7036408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036408" title="Froxfield Middle Lock">
Froxfield Middle Lock

Froxfield Middle Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Froxfield, Wiltshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 6 ft 11 in (2.11 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7036410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036410" title="Alonso de Muñoz">
Alonso de Muñoz



</doc>
<doc id="7036413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036413" title="Hanunóo">
Hanunóo



</doc>
<doc id="7036417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036417" title="Thunder on the mountain">
Thunder on the mountain



</doc>
<doc id="7036418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036418" title="D͡z">
D͡z



</doc>
<doc id="7036430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036430" title="Jamie McCunnie">
Jamie McCunnie

Jamie Patrick McCunnie (born 15 April 1983) is a Scottish football referee and former player. His previous clubs include Dundee United, Ross County and Hartlepool United. He represented Scotland at under-21 and B international levels. McCunnie managed the Abertay University Men's 1st team for the 2019–20 season and was also the player-manager of Scottish Junior Football East Region Super League team Broughty Athletic.
Playing career.
McCunnie began his senior career with Dundee United at youth level, signing for them professionally in 1999. Normally featuring as a right back at this stage of his career, he was given his first team début for United away to Hibernian in December 2000. Despite McCunnie being aged only 17 at the time, manager Alex Smith was sufficiently impressed by his performances to keep him as a regular first team player for the rest of that season, helping the club climb successfully out of relegation and reach a Scottish Cup semi-final. McCunnie's successful season culminated in him signing a new three-year contract with the Tannadice club, while also making his début for Scotland under-21 side against Poland.
At this time, McCunnie was rated as one of the best young players in Scottish football. However, despite featuring regularly for Dundee United over the next two seasons and becoming captain of the Scotland under-21s, he began to lose consistency from his form. Ian McCall had become manager of Dundee United early in 2003, and seemingly unimpressed by the player's attitude, soon made it known to McCunnie that he was willing to dispense with his services. The somewhat surprised player found himself offloaded to First Division side Ross County, where his former mentor Alex Smith was now manager, in June 2003. McCunnie spent two seasons playing for the Dingwall club, during which time he was converted from right back to a defensive midfield role. His Ross County contract was due to expire in 2005 and he was keen to seek a return to a higher level of football, with a move to English football a distinct possibility. He was widely expected to join Cardiff City following a successful trial, but the move ultimately fell through, and a trial with Gillingham was also unproductive. Instead, McCunnie was able to secure himself a return to the top flight of Scottish football, signing for Dunfermline Athletic in August 2005. He has established himself as a regular first team player, despite an injury absence early in his Dunfermline career, resulting from an assault outside a Dundee nightclub.
McCunnie joined Hartlepool United on 15 June 2007 on a free transfer, preferring the move to a contract extension, which he was widely expected to sign. On 6 May 2009, he was released by Hartlepool after being deemed surplus to requirements. He signed for East Fife for the 2009–10 season, but was released once the season had finished.
He then moved to Iceland, playing with Haukar, Grindavik and Íþróttafélag Reykjavíkur. In March 2012, he returned to Scotland and signed for Stirling Albion.
Managerial career.
In the 2019–20 season, McCunnie managed the Abertay University Men's 1st team.
After leaving Stirling Albion, McCunnie signed for Dundee-based junior club Broughty Athletic. He took over as the club's caretaker manager in August 2017, following the resignation of previous manager Keith Gibson, then was appointed as interim for a second time in the same season after the resignation of Gibsons successor, Jim Finlayson in January 2018.
On 28 February 2018, McCunnie became first team manager at Broughty Athletic.
Refereeing career.
At the start of the 2020 coronavirus lockdown in Scotland, McCunnie qualified as a referee. Initially refereeing at grassroots level, McCunnie began refereeing Highland League games from the start of the 2022–23 season.
Personal life.
In March 2022, McCunnie was left scarred for life after he was attacked in an over-35s league match.
Career statistics.
"After 25 October 2008"

</doc>
<doc id="7036431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036431" title="Froxfield Bottom Lock">
Froxfield Bottom Lock

Froxfield Bottom Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Froxfield, Wiltshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 7 ft 0 in (2.13 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7036432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036432" title="Olkusz County">
Olkusz County

Olkusz County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Olkusz, which lies north-west of the regional capital Kraków. The county also contains the towns of Bukowno, lying west of Olkusz, and Wolbrom, north-east of Olkusz.
The county covers an area of . As of 2008 its total population is 113,910, out of which the population of Olkusz is 37,552, that of Bukowno is 10,695, that of Wolbrom is 9,075, and the rural population is 56,964.
Neighbouring counties.
Olkusz County is bordered by Zawiercie County to the north, Miechów County to the east, Kraków County to the south-east, Chrzanów County to the south-west, and the city of Dąbrowa Górnicza and Będzin County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (one urban, two urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
Industry.
ZGH Boleslaw is a leading miner and producer of zinc products in eastern Europe. The history of zinc mining in the area dates to the 12th century when Casimir II the Just set up a mining settlement in the old area of Olkusz. The company has modernized its plants, and earned an ISO 9001 certificate.
External links.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7036435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036435" title="Powiat of Olkusz">
Powiat of Olkusz



</doc>
<doc id="7036442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036442" title="Berber People">
Berber People



</doc>
<doc id="7036446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036446" title="2007 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy">
2007 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy

The 2007 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy was the 29th men's field hockey tournament for the Hockey Champions Trophy. It was held from November 29 to December 9, 2007, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, having moved away from Lahore, Pakistan.
Teams.
The teams are determined after the 2006 World Cup in Germany, based on the criteria set:
Squads.
Head Coach: Barry Dancer
Head Coach: Markus Weise
Head Coach: Jason Lee
Head Coach: Cho Myung-jun
Head Coach: Sarjit Singh
Head Coach: Roelant Oltmans
Head Coach: Manzoor Manzoor-Ul-Hassan
Head Coach: Maurits Hendriks
Results.
"All times are Malaysian Standard Time ()"

</doc>
<doc id="7036449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036449" title="Dschingis Khan">
Dschingis Khan



</doc>
<doc id="7036450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036450" title="Tomchei tmimim">
Tomchei tmimim



</doc>
<doc id="7036451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036451" title="Chrzanów County">
Chrzanów County

Chrzanów County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Chrzanów, which lies west of the regional capital Kraków. The county contains three other towns: Trzebinia, north-east of Chrzanów, Libiąż, south-west of Chrzanów, and Alwernia, south-east of Chrzanów.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 124,937, out of which the population of Chrzanów is 36,717, that of Trzebinia is 19,778, that of Libiąż is 17,017, that of Alwernia is 3,368, and the rural population is 40,778.
Neighbouring counties.
Chrzanów County is bordered by Olkusz County to the north-east, Kraków County to the east, Wadowice County to the south, Oświęcim County to the south-west and the city of Jaworzno to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (four urban-rural and one rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7036453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036453" title="Powiat of Chrzanów">
Powiat of Chrzanów



</doc>
<doc id="7036458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036458" title="Picketfield Lock">
Picketfield Lock

Picketfield Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, near Hungerford, Berkshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 7 ft 0 in (2.13 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7036459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036459" title="Larva (film)">
Larva (film)

Larva is a 2005 American science fiction horror television film directed by Tim Cox. The screenplay by J. Paul V. Robert, T.M. Van Ostrand, David Goodin, and Kevin Moore is from a story by Kenneth M. Badish and Boaz Davidson. The film stars Vincent Ventresca, Rachel Hunter, David Selby, and William Forsythe.
Plot.
The film taking place in Host, Missouri about a species of fluke-like parasites that have been mutated after ingesting enhanced cow feed. They infect animals (including humans) from the inside and grow at an enormous rate, bursting out of their hosts when they became adults. They go on a rampage, eating anything in their way until they were all killed in a massive explosion.
Production.
The film was shot in Missouri in the city of Springfield, Missouri.
Soundtrack.
Texas music producer John Dickson composed the score.

</doc>
<doc id="7036461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036461" title="T͡s">
T͡s



</doc>
<doc id="7036463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036463" title="Springside School">
Springside School



</doc>
<doc id="7036466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036466" title="List of world light-flyweight boxing champions">
List of world light-flyweight boxing champions

This is a list of world light-flyweight boxing champions (also known as junior-flyweight), as recognized by the four major sanctioning organizations in boxing:

</doc>
<doc id="7036469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036469" title="Rosie Banks">
Rosie Banks

Rosie Banks may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="7036470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036470" title="Córdoba (Argentina)">
Córdoba (Argentina)



</doc>
<doc id="7036474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036474" title="Kraków County">
Kraków County

Kraków County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Kraków, although the city is not part of the county (it constitutes a separate city with powiat rights). The county contains five towns: Skawina, south-west of Kraków, Krzeszowice, west of Kraków, Słomniki, north-east of Kraków, Skała, north of Kraków, and Świątniki Górne, south of Kraków.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 278,219, out of which the population of Skawina is 24,340, that of Krzeszowice is 10,014, that of Słomniki is 4,343, that of Skała is 3,798, that of Świątniki Górne is 2,431, and the rural population is 233,293.
Neighbouring counties.
Apart from the city of Kraków, Kraków County is also bordered by Miechów County to the north, Proszowice County and Bochnia County to the east, Wieliczka County to the south-east, Myślenice County to the south, Wadowice County and Chrzanów County to the west, and Olkusz County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 17 gminas (five urban-rural and 12 rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
Symbols.
Kraków's county's symbols can be blazoned as follows:
Coat of arms: 
"A traditional Iberian shield gules, an eagle head argent erased beaked, langued and crowned Or."
Flag:
"Per fess argent and gules, a narrow fess Or, overall and occupying 3/5 of the flag's height the county's coat of arms."
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7036475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036475" title="Powiat of Kraków">
Powiat of Kraków



</doc>
<doc id="7036478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036478" title="Krakow County">
Krakow County



</doc>
<doc id="7036483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036483" title="Mikolajow">
Mikolajow



</doc>
<doc id="7036489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036489" title="ODTU">
ODTU



</doc>
<doc id="7036490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036490" title="MPHG">
MPHG



</doc>
<doc id="7036494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036494" title="Eddie Banks">
Eddie Banks



</doc>
<doc id="7036496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036496" title="Kevin Nylen">
Kevin Nylen

Kevin Nylen (born August 14, 1981) is an American former soccer defender and current head coach of the Boston University Terriers men's soccer team.
Playing career.
Nylen attended Saint Anselm College from 1999 to 2003. During this time he earned the school's Male Athlete of the Year honor, awarded annually to one student-athlete who best exemplifies the Saint Anselm spirit in leadership, scholarship and athletic achievements. Nylen played four seasons for the Hawks, serving as team captain in 2002. Upon graduating, Nylen began his professional career, spending three seasons with the Wilmington Hammerheads of the USL Second Division, before joining the Charleston Battery of the USL First Division for three seasons.
Coaching career.
Nylen began his coaching career in August 2009 as an assistant coach at Amherst College. After one season, Nylen joined the Boston College Eagles in a similar role. During his first season at Boston College in 2010, the Eagles advanced to the semifinals of the Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament and earned one of the 27 at-large berths to the NCAA Championship. Nylen's 2011 season at BC was even more of a success, as the Eagles advanced to the finals of the ACC Tournament marking the fifth-straight time that the squad made it to at least the semifinal stage. BC earned a berth into the NCAA Championship for the fifth-straight year. Nylen joined FIU's coaching staff in 2012 and has been with the team for four seasons. Nylen holds a United States Soccer Federation "A" coaching license as well as an NSCAA Advanced National diploma.

</doc>
<doc id="7036497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036497" title="Acromion of the scapula">
Acromion of the scapula



</doc>
<doc id="7036501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036501" title="Spirit on the Water">
Spirit on the Water

"Spirit on the Water" is a love ballad written and performed by the American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released in 2006 as the second track on his album "Modern Times". The title is a reference to a passage in the Book of Genesis. It is notable for being the only song on "Modern Times" to feature a harmonica solo. As with much of Dylan's 21st-century output, he produced the song himself under the pseudonym Jack Frost.
Recording.
Engineer Chris Shaw recalled the recording session for this song fondly as it was the first time Dylan had played harmonica on a studio recording since "Tryin' to Get to Heaven" nearly a decade before: "On "Modern Times", we were really excited to have Bob playing harmonica again. That was amazing – I remember sitting there thinking to myself, 'Holy shit. I’m recording Bob Dylan "playing harmonica". This is incredible'. I’m a jaded studio guy, y’know, I’ve been working in studios for twenty two years. But every day on ("Love and Theft" and "Modern Times"), every day I work with the guy for like five minutes, I’ll be sitting behind that console, and I’ll have this voice in the back of my head: "Holy fucking shit. I’m recording Bob Dylan." And all of a sudden the hair on my arm is standing up, and I’m looking around, waiting for someone to barge in and point at me and say, 'He shouldn’t be here'. He’s a blast to work with, Bob. As serious as the guy is, he has an incredibly wicked sense of humour, and he’s actually a lot of fun in the studio. When he’s in a good mood, it’s phenomenal". The song is played in the key of B-flat major on the studio recording.
Critical reception.
Patrick Doyle, writing in "Rolling Stone", where the song placed 17th on a list of "The 25 Best Bob Dylan Songs of the 21st Century", calls it a "love song" imbued with a "trancelike feeling". He describes the song as being told from the point-of-view of a narrator who sings about "the joy his lover brings him" before revealing a "cruel and simple twist of fate at the end". Dylan scholar Tony Attwood elaborates on the twist ending as "I love you but I can’t be with you in eternity because I killed a guy in the past" and notes that he can’t think of "any other song that uses that twist".
"Spectrum Culture" included the song on a list of Dylan's "20 Best Songs of the '00s". In an article accompanying the list, critic David Harris praised the provocative way the song references both the Bible and the blues, writing "Dylan may scoff at people who look for threads like these in his songs, but it’s just part of the fun for Dylanologists to sort through the crumbs, allowing songs like 'Spirit on the Water' to work on so many different levels". 
"Ultimate Classic Rock" critic Matthew Wilkening rated "Spirit on the Water" as the 9th best song Dylan recorded between 1992 and 2011, saying that Dylan "indulges his playful, romantic side on this leisurely, old-fashioned love song" and praising the "unkempt jazz guitar chords and a soft, but cracking snare" as well as the line 'You think I'm over the hill / Think I'm past my prime / Let me see what you got / We can have a whopping good time.'"
In their book "Bob Dylan All the Songs: The Story Behind Every Track", authors Philippe Margotin and Jean-Michel Guesdon discuss the song as exhibiting Dylan's "love for jazz", noting that "the atmosphere is light and bright" and that "Dylan sings with his crooner voice, which foreshadows his 2015 album "Shadows in the Night"".
The "Sydney Morning Herald" named "Spirit on the Water" one of the "Top five Bob Dylan songs" in a 2021 article, noting that the "swing piano hits a bum note in the first bar but nothing can stop the spring in this dandy crooner’s step". A "USA Today" article ranking "all of Bob Dylan's songs" placed "Spirit on the Water" 54th (out of 359)."" A 2021 "Guardian" article included it on a list of "80 Bob Dylan songs everyone should know".
Cultural references.
As with the title of the song, the line "Darkness on the face of the deep" is a reference to a passage in the Book of Genesis.
The line "Can't believe these things would ever fade from your mind" is a verbatim quote from Book 2, Section 4 from "Black Sea Letters" by the Ancient Roman poet Ovid.
The line "I'm wild about you, gal / You ought to be a fool about me" is a close paraphrase of a line in Sonny Boy Williamson's "Black Gal Blues".
Live performances.
Between 2006 and 2018 Dylan performed the song 572 times in concert on the Never Ending Tour. This makes it the second most frequently performed song from "Modern Times" behind "Thunder on the Mountain". During live performances, it has become commonplace for audience members to yell "No!" after the lines "You think I'm over the hill / You think I'm past my prime" in the final verse. The live debut occurred at Cox Arena in San Diego, California on October 22, 2006 and the last performance (to date) took place at One Spokane Stadium in Spokane, Washington on August 9, 2024.
Notable covers.
The song was covered by Denny Freeman (a former Dylan band member who played on the original recording) in an instrumental jazz version on his 2012 album "Diggin' on Dylan".
Danish singer-songwriter Steffen Brandt translated the song into Danish and covered it (as "Mørke skygger over vandet") on his 2009 album "Baby Blue".

</doc>
<doc id="7036502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036502" title="Wolfram Cocktail">
Wolfram Cocktail



</doc>
<doc id="7036503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036503" title="Cobbler's Lock">
Cobbler's Lock

Cobbler's Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, near Hungerford, Berkshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 8 ft 3 in (2.51 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7036505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036505" title="Gerard McCarthy">
Gerard McCarthy

Gerard McCarthy (born 31 March 1981) is an actor from Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Biography.
McCarthy was born in Belfast and attended St. Mary's Christian Brothers' Grammar School. They came out as non-binary in 2022.
Career.
Gerard McCarthy was awarded Sir Kenneth Branagh's Renaissance Scholarship to train at Laine Theatre Arts, graduating in 2002.
They currently play Kevin McSwain in BBC 2's BAFTA nominated drama "The Fall", starring Gillian Anderson.
On Netflix, they can be seen alongside Sir Derek Jacobi, Neve Campbell and Joely Richardson as Ashley Stokes in "", an epic 12-part series charting the extraordinary construction of RMS "Titanic" in the shipyards of Edwardian Belfast. The series was nominated for 5 IFTA Awards including Best Series.
They played Brondsted in the first episode of Michael Hirst's History Channel series "Vikings", starring Gabriel Byrne.
McCarthy also played Rory Thompson in Samson Films' "Belonging to Laura", a modern-day adaptation of Oscar Wilde's "Lady Windermere's Fan" directed by Karl Golden, which was nominated for Best Single Drama at the IFTA Awards.
McCarthy is known for his award-winning performance as Kris Fisher on the Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks" from 2006 to 2010, for which he was nominated in the Best Newcomer category at the British Soap Awards and the National Television Awards.
On stage, McCarthy made their Shakespearean debut as Fenton in "The Merry Wives of Windsor" at Shakespeare's Globe in London. The production received widespread critical acclaim and subsequently transferred to New York and Los Angeles with McCarthy reprising their role in both cities. 2012 also saw them return to the stage in a highly acclaimed production of Joe Penhall's Olivier Award-winning play Blue/Orange.
They recently filmed the BBC comedy "Puppy Love", written by and starring Joanna Scanlan and Vicki Pepperdine (co-creators of the BAFTA nominated "Getting On"), and returned to the stage at the end of 2014 in the world premiere of "Jonathan Harker and Dracula"
McCarthy's debut feature film, "A Nightingale Falling", premiered at the 2014 Galway Film Fleadh.
In 2015 McCarthy returned to their homeland with the one-man show "Cat - The Play" by Richard Hardwick and Jamie Beamish before commencing a national tour of Jonathan Harvey's "Beautiful Thing", in which they played Tony. Shortly after, they played George Bailey in the UK premiere of "It's a Wonderful Life" at Penge's Bridgehouse Theatre, directed by Guy Retallack.
2016 saw McCarthy return to "Hollyoaks" as a member of the core writing team, they then reprised their role of Kevin McSwain in season 3 of "The Fall".
Most recently, McCarthy played the leading role of David Hothouse in the UK premiere of "Stalking the Bogeyman". The production received widespread critical and public acclaim with McCarthy receiving a Best Actor nomination at the Off West End Awards.
In 2017, McCarthy has played Emmett Forrest in Leicester Curve's production of "Legally Blonde" at the Opera Garnier in Monte Carlo.
In 2018, they joined the cast of the BBC drama "Call the Midwife" as Terry Davidson, before playing Erwin Bach in the original West End cast of "Tina, The Musical" at the Aldwych Theatre, London.
In 2020, McCarthy filmed the role of Bobby Frank in "Belfast", written and directed by Kenneth Branagh and starring Caitriona Balfe, Judi Dench, Jamie Dornan &amp; Ciaran Hinds, and in 2021, "Just Johnny", a short film written by McCarthy, was filmed on location in Northern Ireland, directed by Terry Loane.
Charity work.
McCarthy began their association with the Northern Ireland Children's Hospice in October 2007 when they overcame their fear of heights by leading a fundraising abseil event, in which they had to climb down Belfast's Europa Hotel. They then became a celebrity supporter of The White Sapphire Ball in aid of the NI Children's Hospice, which auctioned off a romantic dinner with McCarthy for £4,500. In December 2009, they took part in a celebrity version of "Panic Attack" and won £1000 for the NI Children's Hospice. 
In January 2010, McCarthy led the Belfast4Haiti 5K run in their home city with Olympic gold medallist Dame Mary Peters. The event was organised to raise funds for victims of the Haiti earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="7036508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036508" title="Abbey of Sion">
Abbey of Sion



</doc>
<doc id="7036510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036510" title="Claridge Hi-Tec/Goncz Pistol">
Claridge Hi-Tec/Goncz Pistol

The Claridge Hi-Tec and its antecedent the Goncz High-Tech Long Pistol are semi-automatic pistols designed by Hungarian inventor Lajos John Goncz. This unique firearm features a telescopic bolt design encased in a tubular upper receiver with a forged steel frame, button rifled match barrels, and 16-round magazines standard.
History.
Goncz Armament, Inc. of North Hollywood, CA designed, prototyped, and produced a few hundred High-Tech Long Pistols models GA and GS between 1984 and 1990. The company made survival daggers using the same pistol grip for the knife handles.
The Claridge pistols and carbines were based on this design. In 1990, Claridge Hi-Tec, Inc. was created by Joe and Gail Claridge who incorporated Claridge Hi-Tec, Inc. in Northridge, CA. Claridge used this design to produce pistol models S, L, T, ZL-9 and ZT-9, and carbine models C, LEC-9 and ZLEC-9. However, the property rights of the design and rights to produce the weapon came under dispute. In 1993 Claridge Hi-Tec was forced to cease operations due to the government outlawing the guns in the State of California. Plans are underway to begin building Goncz pistols again.
Design.
The lower receiver/frame is a one-piece machined design integral with the pistol grip and trigger guard. It houses all the firing components and the safety mechanism. The magazine is fed through the pistol grip. 16-, 20- and 30-round magazines were made for the weapon, but have been in production since 1993. However, re-notched Beretta 92F magazines can be used, and many of those found on the market today are in fact modified Beretta or SIG magazines.
The upper receiver is a one-piece tube with a screwed in match barrel. Goncz Armament utilized heat treated 4130 solid chrome alloy for the receiver tube. On the Goncz GA and Claridge T and L models, and all rifles, it also acts as a barrel shroud. The receiver tube houses the bolt, guide rods and guide springs. All Claridge Hi-Tec and Goncz Armament firearms utilize match barrels manufactured in-house that are button-rifled.
The Goncz bolt structure is a clone of the SA-VZ23 submachine gun. This design utilizes a blowback-operated telescopic bolt system housed in the upper receiver tube. 
The bolt travels on a firing rod which protrudes through the bolt, left of center, next to the firing pin, and a guide rod located at the top of the bolt. Both rods and their corresponding springs are attached to the spring holder base plate. A recoil buffer sits on the base plate to prevent damage to the bolt when cycling.
The firing pin is a totally unique design. It is attached to a striker plate that travels in a channel on the left side of the bolt when cycling. This design ensures the firing pin remains exceptionally sturdy compared with other designs.
The iron sights consist of a square notch in the rear, and a vertical hooded post in the front. There are no accessory rails and no adapters have been produced for the use of a scope or other aiming devices.
Operation.
The Goncz action cycles as a closed-bolt mechanism. The user operates the bolt with a knob on the upper-left side of the gun similar to a Tec-9. When Claridge Hi-Tec began production they modified the Goncz design by adding a bolt hold-open button on the left side of the frame. None of the guns produced by Goncz Arms had this feature. However, this is only for inspection as the bolt cannot travel forward from this position with a magazine inserted. The user must insert the magazine with the bolt closed and cock the gun in order to chamber a round.
Variants.
Claridge produced five models of the Hi-Tec pistols and three models of the Hi-Tec carbines:
Pistols.
S9: A duplicate of the Goncz Armament GS-9, with the exception of the bolt hold open; there was no bolt hold open on any Goncz Armament model. A model marketed as a "sub-compact" (although this is misleading as it is far from being subcompact) with a 5" threaded barrel capable of receiving various attachments. These include a threaded barrel protector, a smooth 3" barrel extension, a ribbed 3" barrel extension, and a shrouded extension. Theoretically, a silencer could also be attached.
S45: Same design as the S9, except chambered in .45 ACP.
T9/L9: Similar to the Goncz Armament GA-9, these 9 mm target models utilizes a 9.5" shrouded button rifled match barrel. These pistols are highly accurate, therefore "target model" is apt in this case. The L9 model can be identified by the 7.5" barrel and a shorter barrel shroud that the T9. These pistols and carbines all came with a blued upper receiver, and with either a black aluminum lower frame, or with a silver stainless steel lower frame.
T45/L45: Same design as the T9/L9, except chambered in .45 ACP.
ZL-9: Unknown.
ZT-9: Unknown.
Carbines.
All Hi-Tec semi-automatic carbines use 16" shrouded button rifled match barrels.
C9—Walnut stock and forend chambered in 9 mm.
C45—Walnut stock and forend chambered in .45 caliber. There are no known Claridge .45 ACP Carbines
LEC9—Black synthetic stock and forend chambered in 9 mm.
LEC45—Black synthetic stock and forend chambered in .45 caliber. There are no known Claridge .45 ACP Carbines
ZLEC9—Unknown.
Goncz Armament Models.
The Goncz Hi-Tech Models were introduced in 1984 in the following Models:
GS—Goncz Special: GS-9 (9 mm), GS-4 (.45 ACP) and GS-3 (.30) Mauser with 5.5 inch threaded barrel is able to accept silencers with a —13 thread; also will accept a barrel extension or a thread protector.
GA—Goncz Assault Pistol GA-9 (9 mm), GA-4 (.45 ACP) and GA-3 (.30 Mauser) has a longer barrel at 9.5 inches and a barrel shroud for heatsinking.
GC—Goncz Carbine GC-9 (9 mm) with walnut forearm.
GCL—Goncz Carbine with Laser GCL-9 (9 mm) has the "Terminator II" Laser as an integral part of the gun.
GCLight—Goncz Carbine with Light GCLight-9 (9 mm), and the light is integral part of the gun frame.

</doc>
<doc id="7036518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036518" title="Leeds bridge">
Leeds bridge



</doc>
<doc id="7036520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036520" title="Patrick S. Atiyah">
Patrick S. Atiyah



</doc>
<doc id="7036528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036528" title="Hungerford Marsh Lock">
Hungerford Marsh Lock

Hungerford Marsh Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Hungerford, Berkshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 8 ft 1 in (2.46 m).
The lock is unique compared to others on the canal in that it has a swing bridge directly over the centre of the lock that must be opened before the lock may be used.

</doc>
<doc id="7036530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036530" title="Leeds Bridge">
Leeds Bridge

Leeds Bridge is a historic river crossing in Leeds, England. The present cast iron road bridge over the River Aire dates from 1870. It is Grade II listed.
History.
The medieval town of Leeds centred on 13th century burgess building plots either side of a wide road from the river crossing called Bridge Gate, now Briggate. A wool cloth market operated at Leeds Bridge, becoming the centre of wool trade for the West Riding of Yorkshire in the late 17th century.
A medieval bridge was built at the site of a ferry across the River Aire. It was widened in 1730 and 1760. The bridge was rebuilt in 1870–73 by William Henry Barlow to a design by T. Dyne Steel. The iron was cast by John Butler of Stanningley. The cast iron balustrade is of rings and flowers. The east side bears the arms of the Corporation of Leeds (crowned owls and fleece). The western side has the names of civic dignitaries on a plaque. Stone scavenged from the ruined Kirkstall Abbey was used to build steps which led to the river bank. Though five other bridges were constructed between 1818 and 1870, the Leeds Bridge was the busiest, and in 1869 it was used by 4,000 vehicles and 55,000 foot passengers each Saturday. 
The bridge was previously part of the A61, a major road through Yorkshire, though this has now been bypassed. It marks the western terminus of the Aire and Calder Navigation which opened in 1700 creating a vital goods transportation infrastructure.
In 2018, major restoration work took place on the bridge, including structural strengthening, and cleaning and repainting to preserve the bridge's appearance and stop it from deteriorating.
On 25 April 2022 a blue plaque commemorating the death of David Oluwale was unveiled on the bridge by Leeds Civic Trust and the David Oluwale Memorial Association. It was stolen hours later in an event that West Yorkshire Police are treating as a hate crime.
Culture.
In 1875, local inhabitants assembled onto the bridge, Briggate and local streets to watch The Theatre burning down.
In 1888 Louis Le Prince made a pioneering moving picture recording of "Traffic Crossing Leeds Bridge" from an upstairs window of No 19 Bridge End, then Hicks the Ironmongers. This was shortly after making his first film "Roundhay Garden Scene".

</doc>
<doc id="7036534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036534" title="KQDS-FM">
KQDS-FM

KQDS-FM (94.9 MHz, "95 KQDS") is a classic rock music formatted radio station located in Duluth, Minnesota. Established in 1976 as KAOH-FM, the station is owned by Midwest Communications, and follows a format similar to that of the well-known KQRS-FM in the Twin Cities.
The studios are located in downtown Duluth, along with KDAL, KDAL-FM, KDKE, KTCO, WDSM, and WDUL.
KQDS-FM is simulcast on KQDX (106.3) in Hibbing. Prior to Midwest selling the stations, KQDS-FM was also simulcast on WXXZ (95.3 FM, later WFNX) in Grand Marais and KAOD (106.7 FM, now KZJZ) in Babbitt. KQ 95's main competitor is Townsquare Media's WWPE (92.1 FM).
KQDS-FM is probably best known for "The KQ Morning Show" which for the last decade has been rated first among adults 25-54 and Men 25–54. The show's longtime host, Bill Jones left the station, the broadcast industry and the city of Duluth December 15, 2009. Jones' Co-host, Jason Manning has returned to KQ with a "revamped" morning show with new co-host Frank Befera. In 2011, Befera was let go and the Morning Show switched to its current line-up of Jason Manning and longtime afternoon DJ Scott Savage.
History.
The station signed on April 1, 1976, as KAOH-FM, a country music station. In 1980, the station became KQDS-FM, a progressive rock station. The original on-air staff included Stu Taran, Big G Walters, Annie Steamer, Dan Culhane, Jonathon Hanley, Tony Jasmin, Bruce MacGregor, Marty Essen, and Lisa Barr. The general manager was Mark Alan. On August 1, 1981, the station boosted its power to 100,000 watts and became a classic rock station.
On August 24, 2016, Midwest Communications announced that it was purchasing KQDS-FM, WXXZ, and KAOD from Red Rock Radio in a deal that also included sister stations WEVE-FM in Eveleth and KGPZ in Coleraine, as well as translators W221AU, W252AN, and W288AI; the sale was completed on December 31, 2016, at a purchase price of $5.625 million.
Effective September 22, 2017, Midwest sold KQDS-FM's simulcast partners WXXZ and KAOD, along with translator W288AI, to Aurora Broadcasting L.L.C.

</doc>
<doc id="7036537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036537" title="John F Kennedy assassination">
John F Kennedy assassination



</doc>
<doc id="7036538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036538" title="Karolina Svetla">
Karolina Svetla



</doc>
<doc id="7036544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036544" title="Trinidad and Tobago Electricity Commission">
Trinidad and Tobago Electricity Commission

Trinidad and Tobago Electricity Commission (T&amp;TEC) is the sole retailer of electricity in Trinidad and Tobago. It is responsible for the design, construction, operation and maintenance of the country's electrical transmission and distribution network. The utility supplies electric power to customers on both islands via a single interconnected grid. Electrical energy is widely purchased, metered and fed into the national grid from independent power producers. These producers are the Power Generation Company of Trinidad and Tobago (PowerGen) giving a total of 1,344 MW, Trinidad Generation Unlimited (TGU) giving 720MW and Trinity Power Ltd. giving 225 MW. All power stations in Trinidad and Tobago are fueled by hydrocarbons.
T&amp;TEC was formed in 1946 after the merger of independent companies. It supplies over a million residential, municipal, commercial and industrial customers.
PowerGen is the largest power generator in Trinidad and Tobago. In 2006, the United States-based Mirant Corporation, facing a severe financial situation, announced that part of Mirant's restructuring efforts includes the intent to sell off their part ownership of PowerGen. Following that announcement, the government of Trinidad and Tobago placed the overall structure of T&amp;TEC and PowerGen under review for future possible amalgamation. At that time the companies T&amp;TEC, Mirant and BP currently owned 51%, 39% and 10% of the PowerGen company respectively. Any possible termination of the Mirant (now Genon) stake was seen as an opportunity to simplify the structure and relationship between the T&amp;TEC and PowerGen companies. Since then Mirant sold its position and the new minority shareholders are MaruEnergy Trinidad L.L.C. (owned by the Japanese multinational - Marubeni) which has a 39% shareholding and parastatal NEL Power Holdings Limited which has a 10% ownership. Powergen operates three major power generation plants which are located at Point Lisas, Port of Spain and Penal. The largest generation plant is located at Point Lisas.
The generation plants individual capacities are:
Point Lisas : 838 Mega Watts
Port-of-Spain : 270 Mega Watts
Penal : 236 Mega Watts
Trinidad Generation Unlimited (TGU) is an independently operated parastatal managing a single power plant but is the second largest producer in Trinidad and Tobago. The 720-megawatt (MW) TGU facility is the largest combined-cycle power generation plant in the Caribbean and currently supplies approximately 50% of Trinidad &amp; Tobago's electrical energy. TGU is owned by the National Investment Fund Holding Company Limited (NIF), a parastatal company established by its only shareholder, the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago and is located at the Union Industrial Estate, La Brea, Trinidad and Tobago.
Trinity Power Ltd. at Couva in the Point Lisas Industrial Estate is Trinidad's only totally privately owned wholesale power generator and has a capacity of 225 MW. An article in the May 2006 issue of Power Engineering magazine it was announced that G.E would be operating and maintaining the Trinity power plant.
The Trinidad Ministry of Energy and Energy Industries website stated as of November 2020. "Trinity Power Limited (TPL) is owned by US based Carib Power Management LLC, which is a small private independent power an infrastructure company with expertise in the development, acquisition and long term operation of power generation, natural gas exploration, and transportation and infrastructure projects." In December 2020 it was announced that Trinity Power Ltd. is being acquired by ContourGlobal a British International Investment company.
Cove Power Station owned by T&amp;TEC and on the smaller island of Tobago was put into operation in October 2009. This 64 MW Wärtsilä natural gas or diesel power plant will reduce transmission losses on electric power transmission underground marine cables between the islands, in addition to upgrading bulk power to Tobago previously provided by T&amp;TEC's old 21 MW Scarborough Power Station which only used diesel fuel. Scarborough is still available for standby use at a capacity of 11 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="7036546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036546" title="Studio 1430">
Studio 1430



</doc>
<doc id="7036556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036556" title="P. S. Atiyah">
P. S. Atiyah



</doc>
<doc id="7036560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036560" title="Kankanai language">
Kankanai language



</doc>
<doc id="7036565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036565" title="Brooklyn Tip-Tops">
Brooklyn Tip-Tops

The Brooklyn Tip-Tops were a team in the short-lived Federal League of professional baseball from 1914 to 1915. The team's name came from Tip Top Bread, a product of Ward Baking Company, which was also owned by team owner Robert Ward. They were sometimes informally called the Brooklyn Feds or BrookFeds due to being the Brooklyn team of the Federal League. They played in Washington Park, which the Brooklyn Dodgers had abandoned after the 1912 season to move to Ebbets Field.
History.
The team finished a disappointing 4th in 1914. Federal League officials believed it was important to have a successful franchise in the New York City area and when the Indianapolis Hoosiers were transitioned to Newark, New Jersey, the "Federal League Ty Cobb", as 1914 FL batting champ Benny Kauff was known, was placed on the Brooklyn roster. In 1915, Kauff led the league with a .342 batting average and 55 stolen bases, but the Tip-Tops still finished in seventh place. The Newark and Brooklyn FL teams played three holiday doubleheaders during the 1915 season where one game was in Newark and the second was in Brooklyn.
On September 19, 1914, Tip-Top Ed Lafitte threw the only no-hitter in Federal League history, beating the Kansas City Packers 6–2.
Had the Federal League (FL) lasted just one more season, night baseball might have been introduced two decades earlier. The Tip Tops had announced plans for the 1916 season to play some games at night.

</doc>
<doc id="7036573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036573" title="Rollin' and Tumblin'">
Rollin' and Tumblin'

"Rollin' and Tumblin'" (or "Roll and Tumble Blues") is a blues standard first recorded by American singer-guitarist Hambone Willie Newbern in 1929. Called a "great Delta blues classic", it has been interpreted by hundreds of Delta and Chicago blues artists, including well-known recordings by Muddy Waters. Rock musicians usually follow Waters' versions, with the 1960s group Cream's rendition being perhaps the best known.
Original song.
Hambone Willie Newbern recorded "Roll and Tumble Blues" on March 14, 1929, in Atlanta, Georgia for Okeh Records. It shares several elements of "Minglewood Blues", first recorded in 1928 by Gus Cannon's Jug Stompers. Newbern's "Roll and Tumble Blues" is a solo piece with his vocal and slide-guitar accompaniment.
The song is performed in the key of A using an open tuning and an irregular number of bars 
 with an additional bar and a half at the end of each phrase. The tempo varies from an initial 140 beats per minute to a final 158 bpm. A key feature of the song is that the first verse begins on the IV chord, rather than on the more usual I chord (e.g., in the key of A this would be the D chord rather than the A chord). After the first two measures the IV chord resolves to the I chord. Often the IV chord moves to IV♭7 on the second measure or the last two beats of the second measure.
The lyrics follow a standard blues AAB pattern and relate a failed relationship:
"Roll and Tumble Blues" is one of six songs Newbern recorded during his only recording session. It was released before the advent of race records charts, however, it soon became "an oft-covered standard" and Newbern's best-known song. In 1929, Okeh Records issued the song on a 78 rpm record, backed with "Nobody Knows What the Good Deacon Says".
Renditions.
Robert Johnson.
Robert Johnson adapted "Rollin' and Tumblin'" with the title "If I Had Possession Over Judgment Day" during his third recording session in San Antonio, Texas, in 1936. Musically, his version is based on the original, but added new lyrics: "where Newbern sang about love, Robert sang about sex and power, combining his own fears of them with the fantasy of controlling them", according to biographers. The song was not released until 1961, when it was included on the first Johnson compilation album, "King of the Delta Blues Singers". He also based his "Traveling Riverside Blues" on Newbern's song.
Chicago blues.
In 1950, Muddy Waters recorded two early versions of "Rollin' and Tumblin'". On a session for the Parkway label, he provided the guitar with Little Walter on vocal and harmonica and Baby Face Leroy Foster on drums. Biographer Robert Gordon described the performance as a "standout track [which] could have easily have disintegrated into an overenthused party record". Parkway Records released the song as a two-part single (Part 1 backed with Part 2) and listed the artist as the Baby Face Leroy Trio. In 2022, this recording was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame in the "Classics of Blues RecordingSingles" category. 
For Aristocrat Records, Waters sang as well as played guitar with bass accompaniment by Ernest "Big" Crawford. Gordon called their version "exciting", but felt that it did not have the power or passion of the one with Walter and Foster. In 1960, Elmore James recorded a different arrangement of the song and a year later, Howlin' Wolf recorded "Down in the Bottom", which employed a new set of lyrics and is credited to Willie Dixon.
Rock adaptations.
Blues historian Edward Komara notes that subsequent versions by rock groups are based on the Muddy Waters versions, with the one recorded by Cream for their debut album, "Fresh Cream" (1966) as "perhaps the best known". A recording from May 1968 is included on "Live Cream" (1970), which is described in an album review as a "searing, rollicking high energy rendition". As another noteworthy rendition, Komara includes the Yardbirds' tribute "Drinking Muddy Water" and notes singer Keith Relf's harmonica playing on the "Little Games" studio version and Jimmy Page's slide guitar solos on the live version that first appeared on "" (1971) (released by Page in 2017 as "Yardbirds '68"). Versions of "Rollin' and Tumblin'" by Canned Heat and Johnny Winter reached the extended singles charts and were included on their debut albums, "Canned Heat" (1967) and "The Progressive Blues Experiment" (1968).

</doc>
<doc id="7036574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036574" title="UNAMOS">
UNAMOS

UNAMOS, the Democratic Renewal Union (), formerly the Sandinista Renovation Movement (), is a Nicaraguan political party founded in 1995. It defines itself as a democratic and progressive party, made of people of all genders, that promotes the construction of a Nicaragua with opportunities, progress, solidarity, democracy, and sovereignty.
Among its founders were prominent militants of the Sandinista National Liberation Front (FSLN) who separated from the political party because of disagreements with the leadership under Daniel Ortega. These include former vice president Sergio Ramírez, who served as the first president of the MRS, Dora María Téllez, Luis Carrión Cruz, Luis Felipe Pérez Caldera, Leonor Arguello, Reynaldo Antonio Téfel, and Herty Lewites, who was the presidential candidate of the MRS until his sudden death four months prior to the election.
In 2016 the MRS joined the Progressive Alliance, an international organization of labor, social democrats, left parties, organisations and movements from around the world.
The MRS renamed itself Unión Democrática Renovadora (Unamos) in 2021.
History.
The constitutive convention of the Movimiento Renovador Sandinista (MRS) was held on 21 May 1995 on the occasion of the centenary of Augusto Sandino (18 May 1895). The convention approved the MRS's foundational documents: Principles, program, statutes, and elected its first national authorities. These foundation documents proceeded to be the guiding principles in this establishment.
From its birth, the founders of the MRS declared their commitment to the postulates of democracy, peace, social equity, and civic struggle.
During 1994 and 1995, the MRS's representatives at the National Assembly participated actively in drafting the constitutional reforms that gave Nicaragua a new legal framework to move towards and to consolidate democracy.
In 1996, the MRS participated in national election with Sergio Ramírez as a presidential candidate and Leonel Arguello as a candidate for the vice-presidency; Ramírez came sixth.
In 2001, the MRS was part of the National Convergence Alliance and through this alliance participated in the presidential election of that year.
2006 elections.
In the presidential and parliamentary elections of 2006, the MRS headed the MRS Alliance, led by the former mayor of Managua, Herty Lewites, who was nominated as a candidate for the presidency with Edmundo Jarquín Calderón as vice-presidential candidate. Polls placed Herty Lewites and the coalition in a solid and growing third place after the FSLN and Alianza Liberal Nicaragüense (ALN).
The MRS Alliance was also known as the Herty 2006 Alliance in allusion to Herty Lewites, and included the Social Christian Party (PSC), Nicaraguan Socialist Party (PSN), Ecologist Green Party of Nicaragua (PVEN), Party for Citizen Action (PAC), the Movement for the Rescue of the Sandinismo and the Change-Reflection-Ethic-Action Movement (CREA),as well as various social groups including the Autonomous Women’s Movement.
In the middle of the electoral campaign, on 2 July 2006, Herty Lewites died. Then, Edmundo Jarquín Calderón became the candidate for the presidency and Carlos Mejía Godoy the candidate for the vice-presidency. Herty Lewites Rodríguez's death greatly affected the possibilities for the MRS Alliance, with Jarquín Calderón polling in third place with between 10% and 15%, but in the end only came fourth with 6.4% of the votes. In the parliamentary election it received nearly 9% of the vote.
2008-21.
On 11 June 2008, in the context of the municipal electoral process for the November 9 elections, the Supreme Electoral Council of Nicaragua (CSE) canceled the legal personality of the MRS, arguing its "self-dissolution". However, only one month earlier, on May 12, the CSE itself had published the final lists of candidates for mayors, deputy mayors, and councilors for all the political parties participating in the elections, including those from the MRS.
In the 2011 national elections, the MRS participated in the UNE alliance (Nicaraguan Unity for the Hope – ) electoral coalition headed by Fabio Gadea Mantilla of the Independent Liberal Party (PLI), obtaining 2 deputies and 3 substitute deputies in the National Assembly; a deputy owner, and one deputy in the Central American Parliament.
In October 2016, the Broad Front for Democracy (Frente Amplio por la Democracia, FAD) was created. This was an alliance in which the MRS participated together with various political organizations and social movements. FAD's purpose is the establishment of democracy in Nicaragua, through the citizens' civic mobilization.
On 18 November 2017, the 8th National Convention of the MRS was held. During this convention, Suyén Barahona Cuan was elected as party president and Hugo Torres Jiménez as vice-president.
As a member of the FAD, the MRS is part of the Blue and White National Unity (UNAB), launched on 4 October 2018 as a broad alliance of 43 social and political organizations and movements in opposition to President Ortega.
In 2020, UNAB was one of the opposition groups joining the National Coalition.
In the run-up to the 2021 Nicaraguan general election, four MRS leaders were arrested and imprisoned, including party president Suyén Barahona and party founders Dora María Téllez and Hugo Torres Jiménez (aged 65 and 73), as well as Unamos leader Víctor Hugo Tinoco (aged 69), a former assistant foreign minister and former ambassador to the United Nations and Unamos member Tamara Dávila. Tinoco and Dávila were reported by their families to be still imprisoned in September, and kept in isolation. Former Unamos leader Ana Margarita Vijil was also in prison. The five were still imprisoned after 150 days.

</doc>
<doc id="7036578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036578" title="Hungerford Lock">
Hungerford Lock

Hungerford Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Hungerford, Berkshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 8 ft 0 in (2.44 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7036582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036582" title="Highcliffe Comprehensive School">
Highcliffe Comprehensive School



</doc>
<doc id="7036596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036596" title="Kenny Bundy">
Kenny Bundy

Kenny Bundy (born March 9, 1981) is an American former soccer player who is currently an assistant coach for Houston Dynamo FC in Major League Soccer.
Career.
College and amateur.
Bundy grew up in Bixby, Oklahoma, and played college soccer at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro from 1999 to 2003. During the 2003 collegiate off season he spent the summer with the Carolina Dynamo of the USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
Bundy signed as a free agent with the Dallas Sidekicks of the Major Indoor Soccer League on October 2, 2003. He spent the 2003–2004 season in Dallas, but the team withdrew from the league at the end of the season. The Chicago Storm selected Bundy in the third round of the Dispersal Draft, but he did not sign with them.
Instead, he signed with the Wilmington Hammerheads of the USL Second Division, where he has remained ever since, clocking over 80 games for the team in four seasons.
After a year out of soccer in 2008 Bundy returned to the Hammerheads for the 2009 season. He was subsequently named to the 2009 USL2 All-League First Team.
Coaching.
In addition to his playing career, Bundy previously was a coach with Developmental Elite Coaching in Wilmington.
Bundy was named head coach of Houston Dynamo 2 in MLS Next Pro. When Dynamo first team head coach Paulo Nagamura was fired 29 games into the 2022 season, Bundy assumed interim duties on September 5.
In January 2025, Bundy was brought up to the Houston Dynamo first team coaching staff.
Honors.
Dallas Sidekicks.
Scored the 3,500th goal in Dallas Sidekicks history.

</doc>
<doc id="7036601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036601" title="Dąbrowa County">
Dąbrowa County

Dąbrowa County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland. It was created on 1 January 1999 as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the town of Dąbrowa Tarnowska, which lies east of the regional capital Kraków. Its only other town is Szczucin, lying north of Dąbrowa Tarnowska.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 59,227, out of which the population of Dąbrowa Tarnowska is 11,889, that of Szczucin is 4,157, and the rural population is 43,181.
Neighbouring counties.
Dąbrowa County is bordered by Busko County and Staszów County to the north, Mielec County and Dębica County to the east, Tarnów County to the south, and Kazimierza County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into seven gminas (two urban-rural and five rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7036603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036603" title="Powiat of Dąbrowa">
Powiat of Dąbrowa



</doc>
<doc id="7036605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036605" title="Dabrowa County">
Dabrowa County



</doc>
<doc id="7036606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036606" title="Dąbrowa Tarnowska County">
Dąbrowa Tarnowska County



</doc>
<doc id="7036616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036616" title="Father (band)">
Father (band)

Father was a Croatian alternative metal band from Rijeka. The band was assembled in March 2000 by three members of the band Easyman. They released their debut album "Inspirita" on Dallas Records in October 2005 to critical and commercial acclaim. The band subsequently released the songs "Cynosure" and "Machina" as singles, both featured on the album.
Career.
During their career thus far, Father performed alongside the likes of Apocalyptica in 2003 and 2011, Anthrax in 2005, Sisters of Mercy in 2006, Korn in 2007, Skunk Anansie in 2010, Mastodon and Slayer in 2012.
The band later signed to Revol Records in 2006 in order to release "Inspirita" in the UK.
Following their frequent local and nationwide performances, the band made their first appearance outside the borders of ex Yugoslavia in October 2006, performing 13 shows across the UK, followed up by 4 more tours across the UK, the Netherlands and Austria during 2007 and 2008. During 2008 drummer Saša Vukosav left the band and was replaced by Marko Jurić, the member of the bands Belfast Food and Beatles Revival Band. In 2012 band plays on Bloodstock Open Air (B-O-A), the UK's biggest independent matal festival.
In the summer of 2009, Father released their cover of the Beatles classic "Eleanor Rigby", which was released in their native Croatia and was also played and held to high acclaim by Iron Maiden frontman Bruce Dickinson on his Friday night rock show on BBC Radio 6. The release of "Eleanor Rigby" was followed by the release of the single "Venus &amp; Mars" serving as announcement for their new album which was due to be released later in 2010. The song experienced the same destiny as "Eleanor Rigby" and was broadcast on 21 May 2010 in the aforementioned show.
After a major time gap since the release of their debut album "Inspirita", the band released a follow-up by the name of "One Eon" on 14 December 2010. The album consists of eleven tracks composed by the band and their cover of "Eleanor Rigby". When asked in an interview of the origin of album's name, the singer Mihael Prosen answered wittily: "It was named so because it took us that long (an eon) to make it!", and later pointed out that it has an actual meaning to the band but not disclosing it. The band held a promotional concert for the album on Christmas-Eve in their home town Rijeka. Soon after the release "One Eon" placed high on Croatian critic's choices for the best album of the year on what band responded that it seems like critics love the album more than they do as a band.

</doc>
<doc id="7036617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036617" title="Dun Mill Lock">
Dun Mill Lock

Dun Mill Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, near Hungerford, Berkshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 5 ft 8 in (1.73 m).
It is a grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="7036618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036618" title="Lee Banks">
Lee Banks



</doc>
<doc id="7036620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036620" title="Nothing Else Matters (film)">
Nothing Else Matters (film)

Nothing Else Matters is a 1920 British film, written by Hugh E. Wright, and directed by George Pearson. This was the screen debut of Mabel Poulton and Betty Balfour who went on to become leading British stars of the 1920s.
Plot.
A comedy/drama genre film, about the life of a British Music Hall comic.

</doc>
<doc id="7036621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036621" title="Miechów County">
Miechów County

Miechów County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on 1 January 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Miechów, which lies north of the regional capital Kraków.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 48,948, out of which the population of Miechów is 11,612 and the rural population is 37,336.
Neighbouring counties.
Miechów County is bordered by Jędrzejów County to the north, Pińczów County and Kazimierza County to the east, Proszowice County to the south-east, Kraków County to the south, and Olkusz County and Zawiercie County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into seven gminas (one urban-rural and six rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7036623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036623" title="Medial angle">
Medial angle



</doc>
<doc id="7036625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036625" title="Powiat of Miechów">
Powiat of Miechów



</doc>
<doc id="7036627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036627" title="Miechow County">
Miechow County



</doc>
<doc id="7036638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036638" title="Salah Abouseif">
Salah Abouseif



</doc>
<doc id="7036639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036639" title="Guy Matthews">
Guy Matthews



</doc>
<doc id="7036658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036658" title="The Wedding!">
The Wedding!

"The Wedding!" is a story from "The Amazing Spider-Man Annual" #21 in which Mary Jane Watson and Peter Parker (a.k.a. Spider-Man) get married. It was published in 1987 and written by David Michelinie, featuring cover art by John Romita Sr.
Plot.
Spider-Man is web slinging through town and runs into Electro. He defeats him and then returns home, to find Mary Jane in the process of moving in. MJ leaves for a photo shoot, leaving Peter to ponder how on earth he'll be able to provide for him and MJ.
Peter takes his photos of Spider-Man defeating Electro to the Daily Bugle and is surprised by the staff with a party in honor of his upcoming wedding to Mary Jane. J. Jonah Jameson arrives, clearly irritated, and starts to complain about why they are hosting a party when they're supposed to be working. As soon as Peter leaves, he states that he wants to cut the pay of everyone who didn't attend.
Peter is barely able to sleep that night, contemplating his impending wedding. The next day he meets Mary Jane. He leaps to the ceiling and goes down to one knee, asking her to marry him once again. "I hate cleaning footprints off the ceiling," she responds with a smile. They both eat, but can't help shake their worries about the wedding. 
Mary Jane leaves for a meeting, where her old boyfriend presents her with two tickets to Paris, that she can only take if she skips the wedding. Peter goes to Aunt May's house, and goes through a scrap book, remembering his most prominent times with Mary Jane. MJ and her aunt arrive, and they announce the upcoming marriage to their family. She leaves in a Ferrari with her ex-boyfriend, and Peter takes the subway home. Both are starting to have second thoughts about their marriage. When they meet up again that night, Spidey takes MJ out web-slinging to clear their heads.
The next day, Peter's best man, Flash Thompson, and his best friend, Harry Osborn, take Peter out for a bachelor party, but he's beginning to show his true feelings about the wedding. They try to convince him that love conquers all. Meanwhile, Mary Jane is having a grand party across town. Peter finally decides to go home for the night, and has nightmares about all of his enemies trying to attack MJ, and being helpless to stop them. He wakes up in a sweat, wondering what he should do. Meanwhile, MJ is out with Liz Allan, wondering the same.
Later at City Hall, all of the guests are in attendance (for reasons unknown, Matt Murdock is not present), but both Peter and Mary Jane are late, leaving everyone confused. At the last minute, they both appear and are married by Mary Jane's uncle, judge Spenser Watson. (MJ's wedding dress was designed by real-life designer Willi Smith.) MJ gives Peter the tickets to France with which her ex-boyfriend tried to tempt her, and they go off on their honeymoon to begin their new life together, as Mr. and Mrs. Parker. The wedding occurred simultaneously in the "Spider-Man" comic and in the daily news strip.
Background.
Stan Lee, who co-created Spider-Man and was writing the Spider-Man newspaper strip at the time, recounted: 
Marvel's promotion director Steve Saffel came up with the idea of having a famous fashion designer make the design for Mary Jane's dress. The newspaper strip version of the wedding was dedicated to designer Willi Smith, who died shortly after designing Mary Jane's wedding gown.
Other versions.
There have been several references, variants and adaptations of "The Wedding!".
MC2.
In the MC2 timeline, Peter and Mary Jane remain happily married, and the annual remains part of its continuity. Unlike the 616 version, May Parker died of natural causes in "Amazing Spider-Man" Issue 400, and Mary Jane's daughter Mayday Parker survived a difficult delivery; although her death was initially faked by Norman Osborn, she was eventually returned to the Parkers.
UK continuity.
The U.K based "The Spectacular Spider-Man" comic revealed that, in their future history, Peter and Mary Jane are married and have a daughter, Mayday Parker, who is currently active as Spider-Girl. Peter reveals to his daughter that he lost his leg in battle, making this timeline the second to carry the MC2 explanation for Peter electing to put his costumed identity behind him.
Newspaper comic.
Spider-Man married in the newspaper strip the same time as he did in the comic book. The strip underwent a vanilla reboot (a reboot of an existing timeline without a real explanation for the changes based in the storylines), restoring Peter Parker to an unmarried young man. The strip went on to reveal that it was now reflecting the "current storyline" in the "Amazing Spider-Man" title. Peter now lives alone in a renovated apartment, attends college, and dates long-time best friend Mary Jane whenever she is available. The current timeline of the rebooted strip is set "in the days before Peter and Mary Jane were married". This confirmed that the newspaper strip's previous canon had not been compromised and that the present day timeline was on hold. The marriage was restored to the dailies, the previous storyline involving Electro having been revealed to be a dream. The revelation dawns on Peter as MJ walks out of the shower, paying homage to the infamous cliffhanger of "Dallas" involving the return of Patrick Duffy as Bobby Ewing. The couple have now been married for over 30 years in the newspaper strip.
"What If?".
In "What If?" (Volume 2) #20 and #21, the reader is presented with a variant version of the classic issue, in which Peter had not married Mary Jane, but instead he married the Black Cat, the marriage ends in tragedy with the death of Black Cat and Peter and Mary Jane going separate ways, but at the end seemed to lead to a possible relationship between Silver Sable and Spider-Man. Another version was also seen in "What If?" (Volume 1) #24 - "What if Spider-Man had Rescued Gwen Stacy?". In this issue, Peter ends up marrying Gwen Stacy, but the wedding is interrupted by Jameson, who has been given evidence that proves that Peter is Spider-Man that was mailed to him by Norman Osborn, who seemed to be reformed later.
Universe X.
In the Universe X alternate timeline, Peter is shown (while under a hypnotic influence by Spiders-Man) marrying Gwen Stacy and not Mary Jane. Meanwhile, Mary Jane ends up marrying Harry Osborn. In reality, however, Mary Jane had passed on, leaving Peter to raise May on his own and in a state of depression. Later in life, May somehow becomes the new host of the Venom symbiote, much to Peter's chagrin.
Parodies.
"Marvel Zombies".
The "Marvel Zombies" #5 cover is a parody of "The Wedding!" It depicts a zombie variant of Spider-Man holding Mary Jane's half-eaten corpse, the heroes and villains in the background are decaying, and the Spider-Man shaped heart in the background has a bite taken out of it.
"The Simpsons".
The Simpsons shows a parody of the cover of the original comic after Comic Book Guy gets married (S25E10).
Trade paperback collections.
A trade paperback, "The Amazing Spider-Man: The Wedding" () was published in October 1991, collecting the comic book wedding storyline from "The Amazing Spider-Man" #290-292 (July-Sept. 1987), "The Amazing Spider-Man Annual" #21 (1987), and "Not Brand Echh" #6 (Feb. 1968). It also reprinted the newspaper strip wedding, and the media tie-in live action wedding held at Shea Stadium.
In 2005 a wedding themed trade paperback called "Marvel Weddings" () was published. This collected "FANTASTIC FOUR" #150 and "FANTASTIC FOUR ANNUAL" #3, "INCREDIBLE HULK" #319, "AVENGERS" #59-60 and #127, "AMAZING SPIDER-MAN ANNUAL" #21 and "X-MEN" #30.

</doc>
<doc id="7036670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036670" title="Wire Lock">
Wire Lock

Wire Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, near Hungerford, Berkshire, England.
It is a grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="7036671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036671" title="Leonard Carlson">
Leonard Carlson



</doc>
<doc id="7036677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036677" title="When the Deal Goes Down">
When the Deal Goes Down

"When the Deal Goes Down" is a love song written and performed by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, originally released as the fourth track on his 2006 album "Modern Times" and anthologized on the compilation albums "Dylan" in 2007 and reissues of "The Essential Bob Dylan" beginning in 2010. As with much of Dylan's 21st-century output, he produced the song himself under the pseudonym Jack Frost.
Background and composition.
Dylan had begun composing the song as far back as 2004 when he mentioned to David Gates in a "Newsweek" interview to promote his memoir "" that he was working on a new song based on the melody of "Where the Blue of the Night (Meets the Gold of the Day)", a traditional pop standard associated with Bing Crosby. The title was likely inspired by Robert Johnson's "Last Fair Deal Gone Down", which Dylan had previously quoted in his 1978 single "Changing of the Guards". Lyrically, Dylan juxtaposes phrases appropriated from two poems by Civil War-era poet Henry Timrod with other passages inspired by Biblical texts. The result, according to Philippe Margotin and Jean-Michel Guesdon in their book "Bob Dylan All the Songs: The Story Behind Every Track", is that the lyrics of 'When the Deal Goes Down' "are among the most interesting" on "Modern Times". As with other Dylan love songs (notably 2020's "I've Made Up My Mind to Give Myself to You"), the song can be interpreted as being addressed to either an individual or a higher power. The song is performed in the key of D-flat major.
Reception and legacy.
"Spectrum Culture" included the song on a list of Dylan's "20 Best Songs of the '00s". In an article accompanying the list, critic David Harris interpreted the "deal" of the title as being a metaphor for death but noted that "Dylan isn’t looking at death with fear. Instead, he chronicles all the different emotions one experiences whilst being alive, knowing that whomever he loves is by his side when it’s time for one of them to pass on".
In a five-star review of "Modern Times", "The Guardian"'s Sean O'Hagan saw the song as an example of Dylan "waking with God": "'When the Deal Goes Down' is a distant cousin of 'Let Me Die In My Footsteps', youthful defiance replaced by gritty stoicism. It is also a divine love song. Literally: 'You come to my eyes/ Like a vision from the skies/ I'll be with you when the deal goes down'. You have to go way back beyond Verlaine and Rimbaud, to the likes of Marvell and Donne to hear voices that echo with such metaphysical intimacy".
In their book "Bob Dylan All the Songs: The Story Behind Every Track", authors Philippe Margotin and Jean-Michel Guesdon described it as a "sweet retro ballad" that is "successful" because Dylan is "obviously moved by the text".
Ringo Starr named it as his all-time favorite Dylan song in a 2021 interview.
Singer-songwriter Ben Harper also singled out the track for praise in a 2007 profile in the "New York Times": ""Modern Times" is a wicked record. The great thing is, he’s still putting pen to paper. If you can have a song like 'Blowin' in the Wind' in the ’60s and have a song like 'When the Deal Goes Down' in 2006, you’re having an unprecedented run of writing consistently incredible songs".
A 2021 "Guardian" article included it on a list of "80 Bob Dylan songs everyone should know".
Actor Brad Pitt has a lyric from the song tattooed on his upper torso. The tattoo reads: “We live, we die, we know not why, but I’ll be with you”.
Music video.
Bennett Miller directed an official music video for "When the Deal Goes Down" starring Scarlett Johansson. Complementing the song's nostalgic tone, the acclaimed video, which takes place in the early 1960s and was shot on 8mm film to resemble an old home movie, contains references to Dylan's early life and career through the careful placement of props including: a vintage car with a Minnesota license plate, an antique acoustic guitar, a hardback copy of Woody Guthrie's "Bound for Glory" and a vinyl copy of a Hank Williams compilation album.
Live performances.
Between 2006 and 2013 Dylan performed the song 148 times in concert on the Never Ending Tour. The live debut occurred at Pacific Coliseum in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada on October 11, 2006, and the last performance (to date) took place at Atlantico in Rome, Italy on November 7, 2013.
Cover versions.
Welsh singer Tom Jones covered it on his 2013 album "Spirit in the Room".

</doc>
<doc id="7036686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036686" title="Powiat of Wieliczka">
Powiat of Wieliczka



</doc>
<doc id="7036689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036689" title="Wieliczka County">
Wieliczka County

Wieliczka County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Wieliczka, which lies south-east of the regional capital Kraków. The only other town in the county is Niepołomice, lying north-east of Wieliczka.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 105,266, out of which the population of Wieliczka is 19,133, that of Niepołomice is 8,537, and the rural population is 77,596.
Neighbouring counties.
Wieliczka County is bordered by Bochnia County to the east, Myślenice County to the south, and the city of Kraków and Kraków County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (two urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7036706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036706" title="Someday Baby">
Someday Baby

"Someday Baby" is a Grammy Award-winning blues song written and performed by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released as the fifth track on his 2006 album "Modern Times". The song had considerable success, garnering more airtime on U.S. radio than any other track on the album. It spent twenty weeks on "Billboard"'s Adult Alternative Songs chart, peaking at #3 in November 2006. It was also anthologized on the compilation album "Dylan" in 2007.
Like much of Dylan's 21st century output, he produced the song himself under the pseudonym Jack Frost.
Composition and recording.
The song is based on "Trouble No More," a folk/blues song written by Muddy Waters and popularized by the Allman Brothers Band, which was in turn based on "Someday Baby Blues" by Sleepy John Estes and popularized by Big Maceo as "Worried Life Blues". In their book "Bob Dylan All the Songs: The Story Behind Every Track", authors Philippe Margotin and Jean-Michel Guesdon note that although Dylan "may have kept the structure, he changed the lyrics. The story spins around the marital problems of a poor fellow, but is punctuated with lines of the purest Dylan style". The song is performed in the key of B-flat major.
Use in commercial.
The song was featured in a prominent iPod + iTunes commercial that appeared around the time "Modern Times" was released in early September 2006. In the commercial, shots of a silhouetted Dylan performing "Someday Baby" on acoustic guitar and singing into an antique microphone are juxtaposed with shots of the silhouette of a woman dancing. Writing in "Wired" magazine, Andy Cush summed up the ad by stating, "Taking advantage of Mr. Zimmerman's nearly pan-cultural appeal, Apple was able to attract cool dads and their college student kids with this single statement".
Other versions.
An alternate version of the song, from the same "Modern Times" recording sessions, featuring a slower tempo and different arrangement and lyrics, appeared on the 2008 Dylan compilation "". This version of the song was number 37 on "Rolling Stone"s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008 and Dylan biographer Howard Sounes called it "more engaging" than the official album version. Engineer Chris Shaw, in an interview with "Uncut", discussed the differences between the two versions:
Notable covers.
The song was covered by Canadian singer/songwriter Leslie Feist live during her 2009 tour.

</doc>
<doc id="7036721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036721" title="List of companies listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange">
List of companies listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange

The Oslo Stock Exchange (Norwegian: Oslo Børs) serves as the main market for trading in the shares of Norwegian companies. It opens at 9:00am and closes 4:30pm local time (CET). In addition to a wide range of domestic companies, the OSE attracts a lot of international companies within petroleum, shipping and other related areas.
The stock exchanged opened in April 1819 (as Christiania Børs), but didn't list stocks and shares until 1 March 1881. The first list of prices showed 23 shares. From 1920 to 1936, whaling shares accounted for about 50% of total turnover.
In addition to Norwegian and foreign companies with shares listed on Oslo Stock Exchange, the list also includes equity certificates issued by Norwegian savings banks. The difference between shares and equity certificates is connected to the ownership of the company's assets and leverage in the administrative bodies of the banks.

</doc>
<doc id="7036725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036725" title="Dick Pym">
Dick Pym

Richard Henry Pym (2 February 1893 – 16 September 1988) was an English footballer best known for being the Bolton Wanderers goalkeeper at the first ever FA Cup final to be played at Wembley Stadium in 1923.
The game, known as the "White Horse Final" because of the presence of a mounted white police horse at the helm of the crowd control, ended in a 2–0 win for Bolton. Pym had joined them from Exeter City two years earlier for a world record five thousand pounds. Pym, nicknamed "Pincher Pym", won further FA Cup winners medals with Bolton in 1926 and 1929 and earned three England caps.
Dick Pym, born into a fishing family played for a local club in his hometown Topsham, initially as a centre-forward before moving to Exeter City in 1911. There he played his first game in the reserves in December and on 23 March 1912 he debuted in the first team, replacing the regular goalkeeper. He subsequently appeared in 186 consecutive matches in the Southern League for Exeter.
In 1914, under Exeter manager Arthur Chadwick, he toured Argentina and Brazil, playing Brazil in Rio de Janeiro in its historic first official match.
During the First World War, Pym joined the Devonshire Regiment in 1916, where he served as a Physical Training Instructor.
When Exeter City joined the Football League in 1920, Pym was sold to Bolton Wanderers at the end of the 1920/21 season for the enormous sum of £5,000 to enable the club to purchase its home ground, St James Park.
Pym debuted for England on 28 February 1925 in a 2–1 win over Wales. The following month he played in a 2–0 victory over Scotland. On 1 March 1926, again playing Wales, he earned his third and final cap. Pym left Bolton in 1930 after 336 matches for the club, going on to play for another year with non-league Yeovil &amp; Petters United. After this he returned to the fishing industry.
He became the last-surviving member of the historic 1923 Bolton Wanderers team and lived until he was 95, earning him the record for the longest-lived England international footballer.
Honours.
Bolton Wanderers

</doc>
<doc id="7036733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036733" title="Myślenice County">
Myślenice County

Myślenice County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Myślenice, which lies south of the regional capital Kraków. The county also contains the towns of Sułkowice, lying west of Myślenice, and Dobczyce, north-east of Myślenice.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 116,793, out of which the population of Myślenice is 18,070, that of Sułkowice is 6,305, that of Dobczyce is 6,028, and the rural population is 86,390.
Neighbouring counties.
Myślenice County is bordered by Kraków County and Wieliczka County to the north, Bochnia County and Limanowa County to the east, Nowy Targ County to the south, and Sucha County and Wadowice County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into nine gminas (three urban-rural and six rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7036735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036735" title="Powiat of Myślenice">
Powiat of Myślenice



</doc>
<doc id="7036736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036736" title="Proximal radioulnar joint">
Proximal radioulnar joint



</doc>
<doc id="7036737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036737" title="Myslenice County">
Myslenice County



</doc>
<doc id="7036741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036741" title="Brunsden Lock">
Brunsden Lock

Brunsdon Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, near Kintbury, Berkshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 4 ft 11 in (1.5 m).
The Lock is also known as Brunsden Lock and was the site of a coal and grain merchant's business called Brunsdens for many years.
It is a grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="7036743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036743" title="Kaj-Erik Erikson">
Kaj-Erik Erikson



</doc>
<doc id="7036754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036754" title="Salvador Madariaga">
Salvador Madariaga



</doc>
<doc id="7036757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036757" title="Steve Sarossy">
Steve Sarossy

Steve Sarossy is a British actor. He was born in England to Anglo-Hungarian parents.
He has appeared in "Doctors", "Holby City", "Judge John Deed", and "The Bill".
He also appeared as Guy Matthews in "EastEnders" and in films such as "Hart's War" as Lt. MK Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="7036759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036759" title="Tarnów County">
Tarnów County

Tarnów County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Tarnów, although the city is not part of the county (it constitutes a separate city county). The county contains seven towns: Tuchów, south of Tarnów, Żabno, north-west of Tarnów, Wojnicz, south-west of Tarnów, Radłów, north-west of Tarnów, Ryglice, south-east of Tarnów, Ciężkowice, south of Tarnów, and Zakliczyn, south-west of Tarnów.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population was 193,549, out of which the population of Tuchów was 6,501, that of Żabno 4,271, that of Wojnicz 3,404, that of Ryglice 2,784, that of Ciężkowice 2,378, that of Zakliczyn 1,556, and the rural population was 176,059 (including approximately 2,800 for the population of Radłów, which became a town in 2010).
Neighbouring counties.
Apart from the city of Tarnów, Tarnów County is also bordered by Dąbrowa County to the north, Dębica County to the east, Jasło County to the south-east, Gorlice County and Nowy Sącz County to the south, Brzesko County and Proszowice County to the west, and Kazimierza County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 16 gminas (seven urban-rural and nine rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7036762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036762" title="Powiat of Tarnów">
Powiat of Tarnów



</doc>
<doc id="7036764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036764" title="Tarnow County">
Tarnow County



</doc>
<doc id="7036767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036767" title="Sarah Banks (Brookside)">
Sarah Banks (Brookside)



</doc>
<doc id="7036774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036774" title="Kintbury Lock">
Kintbury Lock

Kintbury Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Kintbury, Berkshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of .

</doc>
<doc id="7036778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036778" title="Moonwalk cocktail">
Moonwalk cocktail



</doc>
<doc id="7036786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036786" title="Zorba Paster">
Zorba Paster

Robert Zorba Paster is an American physician and radio show host.
Paster was born on August 19, 1947, and raised in Chicago. He hosts a weekly radio call-in show on personal health issues called "Zorba Paster on Your Health". The show is produced by Wisconsin Public Radio, syndicated by the Public Radio Exchange, and is broadcast on public radio stations around the United States. The show's trademark is a lighthearted, humorous approach, made possible by Zorba's banter with his co-host, Tom Clark. The show's style is somewhat similar to National Public Radio's program, "Car Talk", providing callers both with good advice and kind-hearted ribbing.
In addition to his weekly show for Wisconsin Public Radio, Paster provides weekly medical commentaries on WISC-TV in Madison and writes a column for the "Wisconsin State Journal" and other newspapers across the country. He is also the editor of "TopHealth", a monthly wellness letter with more than 1 million readers. Paster has written "The Longevity Code: Your Prescription for a Longer, Sweeter Life" with Susan Meltsner, published by Random House. He writes of "the Long Sweet Life", and states that achieving longevity is much more complex than merely maintaining healthy diet and exercise.
Paster and his wife have been involved in Tibetan causes since 1968, having studied under Geshe Sopa, one of America's premier teachers of Tibetan Buddhism In June 2008, together with Dr. Richard Chaisson and Kunchok Dorjee, he participated to help improving a program of the Tibetan Delek Hospital supported by Johns Hopkins University and aiming to control tuberculosis within the Tibetan diaspora. Paster is the Chairman of Friends of Tibetan Delek Hospital an organization aiming to help Delek Hospital. Dr. Paster is also actively involved in providing medical care for His Holiness the Dalai Lama along with Dr. Tsetan Sandutshang, His Holiness’s primary physician.
Paster received his pre-med degree from the University of Wisconsin - Madison and his MD from the University of Illinois, Chicago. He did his internship and residency at Dalhousie University School of Medicine, Halifax, Nova Scotia.
He is a practicing family physician at the Dean Medical Center near Madison, Wisconsin. Additionally, he is an adjunct professor of Family Medicine at the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health where he teaches medical residents and medical students. He and his family live in Oregon, Wisconsin.
Publications.
Wisconsin Public Radio Association, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="7036787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036787" title="Medial border of the scapula">
Medial border of the scapula



</doc>
<doc id="7036790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036790" title="Nowy Targ County">
Nowy Targ County

Nowy Targ County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland, on the Slovak border. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Nowy Targ, which lies south of the regional capital Kraków. The county also contains the towns of Rabka-Zdrój, lying north of Nowy Targ, and Szczawnica, east of Nowy Targ.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 181,878, out of which the population of Nowy Targ is 33,493, that of Rabka-Zdrój is 13,031, that of Szczawnica is 7,334, and the rural population is 128,020.
Neighbouring counties.
Nowy Targ County is bordered by Sucha County to the north-west, Myślenice County to the north, Limanowa County to the north-east, Nowy Sącz County to the east and Tatra County to the south. It also borders Slovakia to the south.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 14 gminas (one urban, three urban-rural and 10 rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7036791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036791" title="Beyond the Horizon">
Beyond the Horizon

Beyond the Horizon may refer to:
In music:

</doc>
<doc id="7036794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036794" title="Powiat of Nowy Targ">
Powiat of Nowy Targ



</doc>
<doc id="7036795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036795" title="Faromir">
Faromir



</doc>
<doc id="7036797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036797" title="Gran Sasso National Laboratory">
Gran Sasso National Laboratory



</doc>
<doc id="7036801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036801" title="Sánchez Ferlosio">
Sánchez Ferlosio



</doc>
<doc id="7036802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036802" title="Flesh tunnels">
Flesh tunnels



</doc>
<doc id="7036805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036805" title="Sanchez Ferlosio">
Sanchez Ferlosio



</doc>
<doc id="7036809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036809" title="Dreweatt's Lock">
Dreweatt's Lock

Dreweatt's Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, between Kintbury and Newbury, Berkshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 5 ft 9 in (1.75 m).
It is a grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="7036814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036814" title="Nettie Moore (song)">
Nettie Moore (song)

"Nettie Moore" is a folk love song written and performed by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released in 2006 as the eighth track on his album "Modern Times". As with much of Dylan's 21st-century output, he produced the song himself under the pseudonym Jack Frost.
Composition and recording.
The song is characterized by unusually spare (for late-period Dylan) musical backing and a memorable vocal melody that sees Dylan's voice rise and fall with the delivery of each line in the verse. Speaking to "USA Today's" Edna Gunderson, Dylan said that "Nettie Moore", more than any other song on "Modern Times", “troubled me the most, because I wasn’t sure I was getting it right. Finally, I could see what the song is about. This is coherent, not just a bunch of random verses. I knew I wanted to record this. I was pretty hyped up on the melodic line”. The song is performed in the sounding key of B major.
Critical reception.
Jon Dolan, writing in "Rolling Stone", where the song placed eighth on a list of "The 25 Best Bob Dylan Songs of the 21st Century", noted that, although it has lyrical roots in the 1857 James Lord Pierpont and Marshall S. Pike composition "Gentle Nettie Moore" and other pre-20th century folk songs, Dylan's "Nettie Moore" nonetheless "feels so personal" to the songwriter because of the way he sings of wandering the earth and being "in a cowboy band".
"Spectrum Culture" included the song on a list of Dylan's "20 Best Songs of the '00s". In an article accompanying the list, critic Tyler Dunston also sees the song as a "personal account", noting that "Dylan conflates the myth of a version of himself with American music, the story of which is deeply entangled with mythology and history—from the Faustian fiction of Robert Johnson’s legendary guitar skill to the very real histories of oppression that blues and folk music arise out of and document. It is one of the great ironies of the history of the blues that the racial discrimination which they so often documented is itself responsible for the fact that the early history of the blues is so poorly documented. Dylan knows it is impossible to fill these gaps, but he weaves an incomplete tapestry anyway. (We may see his supposed 'plagiarism' as a kind of scattered history.)" 
In their book "Bob Dylan All the Songs: The Story Behind Every Track", authors Philippe Margotin and Jean-Michel Guesdon praise the song's "very creative arrangement, including a highly streamlined rhythm section...and cello playing pizzicato as well as with the bow" and call it "one of the best songs on "Modern Times"".
Singer/songwriter Patti Smith included it on a playlist of her "16 favorite Bob Dylan love songs." On the opposite end of the spectrum, historian Sean Wilentz, seeing darker implications in the line "No knife could ever cut our love apart", interprets the song as being an oblique murder ballad in his book "Bob Dylan's America".
A "USA Today" article ranking "all of Bob Dylan's songs" placed "Nettie Moore" 24th (out of 359).
Jokermen Podcast placed the song 9th on their ranking of Dylan's top 100 post-1966 songs.
Cultural references.
The line "Blues this mornin' fallin' down like a hail" paraphrases a line from Robert Johnson's "Hellhound on My Trail".
The line "They say whisky'll kill you, but I don't think it will" is a reference to the traditional folk song "Moonshiner".
The line "Albert's in the graveyard, Frankie's raising hell" is a reference to the traditional folk song "Frankie and Albert".
The line "I'm going where the Southern crosses the Yellow Dog" is a reference to the earliest known blues lyric. At a train station in Tutwiler, Mississippi in 1903, W. C. Handy heard a Black man playing a blues song on a steel guitar using a knife as a slide. The man repeatedly sang the phrase, "Goin’ where the Southern cross’ the Dog”, which Handy later popularized in his own 1914 song “Yellow Dog Blues”.
Live Performances.
Between 2006 and 2012 Dylan performed the song 142 times in concert on the Never Ending Tour. The live debut occurred at ARCO Arena in Sacramento, California on October 18, 2006 and the last performance (to date) took place at Rexall Place in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada on October 9, 2012.
Cover versions.
The song was covered by Born 53 on their 2012 album "Thieving in the Alley" and Muscle &amp; Bone on their 2013 album "Masterpieces of Bob Dylan".

</doc>
<doc id="7036816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036816" title="Bergen-Passaic-Scholastic League">
Bergen-Passaic-Scholastic League



</doc>
<doc id="7036827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036827" title="Holy Redeemer High School (Detroit)">
Holy Redeemer High School (Detroit)

Holy Redeemer High School was a Roman Catholic secondary school located in Southwest Detroit, at the corner of Junction and Vernor streets, near the Ambassador Bridge to Canada. It was overseen by the Archdiocese of Detroit.
It was founded in 1882 and closed in 2005 after 123 years. A new Catholic School Detroit Cristo Rey High School opened in the Holy Redeemer High School building in 2008. Cristo Rey, at its founding in Detroit, occupied one portion of the Holy Redeemer High School building while a public charter school occupied the other portion of the building. The adjoining Holy Redeemer Catholic Parish and Holy Redeemer grade school both remain in operation.
Other schools closed along with Holy Redeemer High School at the same time in 2005 included: Detroit East Catholic, Detroit Deporres, Detroit Benedictine, Redford Bishop Borgess, Harper Woods Bishop Gallagher (Trinity High School), Harper Woods Notre Dame, Refdord St. Agatha and Centerline St. Clement. The closing of Holy Redeemer High School was met with anger and disappointment from students, faculty, alumni and many other members of the community - none of whom had input into the decision to close or an ability to advocate to continue the school's operation.
In 2002, the entire Parish grounds including the high school were recognized as part of the West Vernor-Junction Historic District listed in the National Register of Historic Places for its architecture and historic importance.
History.
Holy Redeemer High School was founded in 1882 by the Sisters, Servants of the Immaculate Heart of Mary (IHM) with the assistance of the Redemptorist Fathers (CSsR). The school was a founding member of the Archdiocese of Detroit Catholic League for Athletics. At its peak enrollment in 1972, Holy Redeemer's student population number was almost 1,000.
The enrollment was about 200 when the school closed. Prior to the closing, the Redemptorist Fathers who founded the parish and school left the parish in about 2000.
The IHM religious sisters closed their 4-story convent a few years later, due to declining numbers of religious members. The convent which lacked individual room plumbing and bathrooms as well as rooms capable of only accommodating 1 person was torn down approximately 2005 due to prohibitive cost of renovation and on-going maintenance concerns.
The Basilian Fathers administered Holy Redeemer High School for approximately five years until the time of its closing. At one-time Holy Redeemer High School was separated as a boys high school and a girls high school. The boys high school was administered by the Marist fathers and the girls high school was administered by the I.H.M sisters. The Marist fathers left Holy Redeemer at some point in the late 1940s/early 1950s and the I.H.M sisters took over administration of the combined girls and boys high school at that time.
School closing.
In 1971, the Archdiocese of Detroit closed St. Gabriel's, All Saints, Our Lady of Lourdes and St. Vincent's high schools to make Holy Redeemer the regional Catholic high school for Southwest Detroit, Ecorse and River Rouge.
Later, St. Andrew's (in 1983), St. Hedwig's (in 1990) and St. Alphonsus' (in 2003) closed, leaving Holy Redeemer the only Catholic high school on the southwest side of Detroit. The Archdiocese of Detroit, which once maintained over 100 high schools throughout the Metro Detroit Region, had just 24 remaining high schools. The continued closing of Catholic high schools in Detroit reflects the closure that has occurred as well dozens of City of Detroit public schools and the decrease in City of Detroit population from a one-time high of 2.5 million to a July 2018 census estimate of 672,662 residents.
At the time of the school's closing in 2005, the population was approximately 70% Latino, 20% African-American and 10% Caucasian. The student population was approximately 80% Catholic, and the number of students going on to college was approximately 90% of the graduating class. The majority of students displaced from Holy Redeemer enrolled at St. Frances Cabrini High School in Allen Park, with other students enrolling in Western High School, Southwestern High School and Cesar Chavez High School.
Detroit Cristo Rey High School purchased the former Holy Redeemer High School main school building, gymnasium and four-story auditorium building from the Archdiocese of Detroit for $2.3 million in October, 2013. Detroit Cristo Rey is under the sponsorship of the Basilian Fathers and the Sisters, Servants of the Immaculate Heart of Mary.
Athletics.
Although a small school, Holy Redeemer excelled at several sports over the years including two state basketball championships (1960 and 1995), a state championship runner in cross-country in 1928, several state finalists for wrestling and numerous district, regional and league championships in all sports.
During the 1960s, the school became known as a basketball powerhouse with recognition by Parade magazine, The Detroit News, and the Detroit Free Press of several notable players such as Bill Chmielewski ('60), Dwight Jones ('65), Marty Sheedy ('68), and Tom Targosz ('69).
A coach who rose to national prominence was Bill McCartney, who served as an assistant football coach under his older brother Tom during the 1965 season, and as head basketball coach 1965-1969, taking the team to the Detroit City Championship during the 1968-1969 season. Bill McCartney went on to win the 1990 NCAA National Football Championship as head coach at Colorado University.
Dan Boisture ('43) was an All-State football and basketball player at Holy Redeemer. He went on to become the head football coach at Eastern Michigan University, and then the head coach of the Detroit Wheels of the World Football League.
In addition to their athletic teams, the high school used to hold professional basketball games for a season for the Detroit Gems, who eventually became the Los Angeles Lakers.
In popular culture.
The parish was the centerpiece of the 1987 movie "The Rosary Murders", starring Charles Durning and Donald Sutherland, filmed on location at Holy Redeemer and the surrounding neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="7036828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036828" title="Jake Matlala">
Jake Matlala



</doc>
<doc id="7036832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036832" title="Les Bowie">
Les Bowie

Les Bowie (November 10, 1913 – January 27, 1979) was a Canadian-born special effects artist working mainly in Britain.
Bowie began his career as a matte painter in 1946. His work found places in classic films such as "Great Expectations", "Oliver Twist" and "The Red Shoes".
He created his own company in 1951 and worked freelance on projects for relatively low-budget studios such as Hammer Films and Oakmont Productions. His films for Hammer included "The Quatermass Xperiment" (1955), "Dracula" (1958) and "The Kiss of the Vampire" (1963). His Oakmont films were "Attack on the Iron Coast", "Submarine X-1" and "Mosquito Squadron". Bowie worked with Ray Harryhausen on "Jason and the Argonauts", "First Men in the Moon", "One Million Years B.C." and "Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger".
Notable non-Hammer films included "The Day the Earth Caught Fire" (1961), "Fahrenheit 451" (1966) "Casino Royale" (1967) and "The Assassination Bureau" (1969).
He was also one of a team to win an Oscar for his work on the 1978 film "Superman", specialising in mattes and composites.

</doc>
<doc id="7036835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036835" title="The Levee's Gonna Break">
The Levee's Gonna Break



</doc>
<doc id="7036836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036836" title="Inequal treaties">
Inequal treaties



</doc>
<doc id="7036837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036837" title="Tatra County">
Tatra County

Tatra County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland, on the Slovak border. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Zakopane, which lies south of the regional capital Kraków. The county takes its name from the Tatra mountain range, which covers most of its territory.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 65,393, out of which the population of Zakopane is 27,486 and the rural population is 37,907.
The mountainous southern part of the county (211 km2) makes up the Tatra National Park. This area, together with the Slovak Tatra National Park across the border, make up a UNESCO-designated biosphere reserve.
Neighbouring counties.
Tatra County is bordered by only one other Polish county, Nowy Targ County, which lies to the north. To the east, west and south it is bordered by Slovakia (namely, Tvrdošín and Liptovský Mikuláš Districts in Žilina Region to the south and west, and Poprad District in Prešov Region to the south and east).
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (one urban and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7036838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036838" title="Powiat of Tatra">
Powiat of Tatra



</doc>
<doc id="7036843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036843" title="Fairmont Marion County Transit Authority">
Fairmont Marion County Transit Authority

The Fairmont Marion County Transit Authority (FMCTA) provides public transportation to the citizens of Fairmont and Marion County, West Virginia, United States.
History.
On December 31, 1971, the City Lines buses ended service in Marion County and Fairmont, West Virginia. This left the citizens of the area without any type of mass transit. The inauguration of a new system lasted over a year and a half. 
In January 1973, the governing bodies of Marion County and Fairmont formed the Fairmont Marion County Transit Authority (FMCTA) as a separate government entity, funded equally at $60,000 by each of the bodies. The planning, purchasing, scheduling and recruitment process lasted five months. On June 7, 1973, the seventeen-month period of no transit ended with the first bus operated by FMCTA hitting the road. 
May 23, 1973 Michael Pasquale was named Manager / Dispatcher and since that time Woody Conrad served 11 years, H. B. Herb Pudder served 5 years, Joe Rager 12 years and George Levitsky(2nd Certified Community Transit Manager in WV, was Community Transit Association of America’s Manager of the Year in 2009) served 21 years, as Managers of the Transit Authority. In January of 2024 Jeff Mullenax was named General Manager by the Authority’s Board of Directors. The Transit Authority celebrated serving Marion County with public transportation for 50 years in 2023. In 2014 US Senator Joe Manchin, Delegates Mike Caputo, Tim Manchin and Linda Longstreth, and Governor Tomblin offered congratulatory letters and a citation from the House of Delegates of the West Virginia Legislature.
Originally service operated on seven routes in and around Fairmont plue five additional routes serving rural communities. The original routes were West End, East Side, Rivesville, Barrackville (with select trips to Chesapeake), Watson/Mall, Monongah (with select trips to Worthington) and Jackson Addition. Weekly routes were Kingmont and Manningotn on Tuesdays, Carolina, Fairview and later Colfax on Wednesdays).
Soon after, FMCTA began to expand the service area. The original fleet of buses consisted of Mercedes-Benz buses and later in the 1980s of Flexettes which were light duty buses built by Flexible. Grumman-Olsens (which look like bread trucks) were added for rural route service. Large Bluebirds which resembled school buses were bought to use on charters and interstate trips until insurance became cost prohibitive. They were by far the largest buses operated by FMCTA with 41 seats. The fleet for many years consisted of Goshen Coach buses, Ford mid-sized buses, vans and a trolley. The fleet now stands around 30 vehicles that have various seating capacities ranging from four to thirty two seats and are fully equipped to meet the Americans with Disabilities (ADA) specifications and 4 non ADA service vehicles.
Riders.
Clientele of the FMCTA are primarily senior citizens, the transportationally disadvantaged, and persons of lower income. Other riders include Fairmont State University students, commuters looking for an economically advantageous alternative to driving, and customers aware of the environmental benefits that transit provides.
Funding.
When FMCTA began, it was well received by the community and turned a profit at the end of its first Fiscal Year, 1975. The Board of Directors were determined that the Authority could operate at half the funding level and thus cut the funding by fifty percent. In 1978, the City of Fairmont began to cut funding and managed to exclude transit funding entirely. Marion County continued funding until it too discontinued funding for transit in 1988. Currently, the Authority's greatest source of income is provided by the countywide levy providing 75% of the annual budget. The remaining amount comes from federal highway taxes and farebox revenue.
Facility.
When the FMCTA began service in 1973, service was provided out of a bus garage on Maryland Avenue in Fairmont. In 1980, the Authority was given a federal grant to build a new facility which included a garage, maintenance and office space as well as bus parking and fueling stations. In 1996, additional equipment parking was added in the lot adjacent to the new facility on Quincy Street. Another floor was added to garage in 2007 as well as additional parking. In May 2015 the transfer station was moved from on the street by the courthouse to a renovated 4 story stucco building located @ 401 Monroe Street with a cover area for waiting and Monday through Friday an indoor waiting area for our passengers.
Fares.
Fares range from $.50 in the core of the city to $2.00 on trips to Clarksburg or Morgantown. Fares increase at $.25 increments as the bus gets further from downtown. Transfers are free and only valid at the Transfer station. In the late 80s, for a short time, the base fare increased to $.75. This placed a hardship on the locals and the base fare returned to $.50 after the passage of the first excess levy in 1988. In July 2016 the board approved along with the County Commission that veterans, upon registering for a pass, could ride for free anywhere their fixed routes travel.
Destination signs.
The first Mercedes buses lacked destination signs to tell the passengers where the bus was going. Makeshift signs were made on pieces of cardboard scrawled on by a black marker. This issue was solved as more buses were purchased. The first bunch of Goshens purchased only had the overhead scroll sign and lacked a sign on the side of the buses. The next batch of buses purchased in the 1990s solved this issue, however it was tough convincing the bus drivers to use the side destination sign and it often remained on white blank or it was removed completely. New scrolls were purchased for the older buses and came equipped in the newer buses with exposures reading Out of Service and Garage. These were added to end confusion of passengers when buses return to the Courthouse at the end of a trip to discharge passengers only. Waiting passengers have no way of knowing the bus is only dropping off passengers and they often approach the bus only to be told the driver is going to the garage. Unfortunately, these helpful exposures are never displayed. The first bus with an electronic destination sign was a Champion brand bus added in 2006 which will hopefully put an end to the white blank days which at times appeared on the front of buses as well when there was not real signage available. This was the case for new or experimental routes such as those to Clarksburg Malls, Montana and Bunner's Ridge.
Routes.
Originally bus service operated over seven routes serving Fairmont plus five routes which operated weekly to surrounding rural communities. Daily routes operated were West End, East Side, Rivesville, Barrackville (with some trips extending to Chesapeake), Watson/Mall, Monongah (with some trips extending to Worthington) and Jackson Addition. Rural routes included Kingmont and Mannington which both operated on Tuesdays, Carolina, Fairview and Colfax operating on Wednesdays. There was also a route that went to Fairview via Barrackville and Monumental as well as the current Fairview route via Rivesville. 
The Fairmont-Marion County Transit Authority (FMCTA) currently serves most of the county as well as the I-79 corridor. The system covers 16 routes with various trip patterns. Service operates Monday through Friday between 7 am and 6 pm with five routes operating on Saturday between 8 am and 5 pm. Comparable ADA Paratransit service is also provided to complement the fixed routes. The buses use a pulse system that has all routes converging at a single transfer point in downtown Fairmont on Jefferson Street next to the Marion County Courthouse. 
FMCTA provides service to the major towns in Marion County, including Fairmont, Mannington, Fairview, Rivesville, Barrackville, Pleasant Valley and White Hall. Service is also provided to Clarksburg to the malls and the Veterans' Hospital as well as service to Morgantown to Ruby Memorial Hospital.
Core routes include the Edgemont Loop, Watson/Mall and Mount Harmony. Other routes serve Barrackville, Carolina, Unity Terrace, Jackson Addition, Mannington, Pleasant Valley, Rivesville and Fairview. All routes operate weekdays while only core service operates Saturdays. Saturday service was started in the mid-1980s. Sunday service has never been provided. Weekday evening service existed for a few years in the early 90s but after proving to be unsuccessful, it was discontinued. Two evening trips were again added in 2007 to serve the Mall and Fairmont State University but they have since been discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="7036845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036845" title="Distal radioulnar joint">
Distal radioulnar joint



</doc>
<doc id="7036847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036847" title="Ain't Talkin'">
Ain't Talkin'

"Ain't Talkin" is a song written and performed by the American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, appearing as the tenth and final track on his 2006 album "Modern Times". As with most of Dylan's 21st century output, he produced the song himself under the pseudonym Jack Frost.
Composition and recording.
"Ain't Talkin' is a minor-key folk song that stands, at 8:48, as the longest track on "Modern Times". In their book "Bob Dylan All the Songs: The Story Behind Every Track", authors Philippe Margotin and Jean-Michel Guesdon compare "Ain't Talkin'" to "Highlands", the closing song on Dylan's 1997 album "Time Out of Mind", in that both feature a "lone pilgrim" narrator, although they argue that "Ain't Talkin'" is the bleaker of the two tracks since its narrator hasn't yet found his "final destination". They describe the music as a "fresco with multiple sonic colors (viola, arpeggiated style on acoustic guitar, upright bass)" and note that although Dylan sings in "a searching, even resigned tone", the shift to a major key at the end of the song suggests "optimism". The song is performed in the key of G-sharp minor.
Themes.
An essay on Christianity and "Modern Times" by Andrew McCarron, published in the book "The World of Bob Dylan" in 2021, discuses "Ain't Talkin'" as exemplifying the difficulty of living a morally upright life: "Proverbs 21 states 'Whoever pursues righteousness and love finds life, prosperity and honor'. Likewise the songs on "Modern Times" equate righteous living with redemptive hope, no matter how faint the promise may be...But a life of good works is challenging, especially in an eye for an eye world in which survival necessitates moral compromise, not to mention that evil dwells in every heart. These impediments, one situational and the other conditional, are named in the second stanza of 'Ain't Talkin": 'They say prayer has the power to help / So pray for me mother / In the human heart an evil spirit can dwell / I'm trying to love my neighbor and do good unto others / But oh, mother, things ain't going well'". 
In the same book, however, another essay by Elliot R. Wolfson analyzes "Ain't Talkin'", and the same stanza, in particular, through the lens of Judaism: "In 'Ain't Talkin", Dylan laments his being inconsolable and estranged in this world...The poet appeals to walking as opposed to talking as the means by which he traverses through 'the weary world of woe'. The heart is still enflamed with craving even if no one seems to know. Once more, Dylan mentions prayer as a possible intervention to help. We must pray specifically from the mother - perhaps an allusion to the Shekhinah, the feminized persona of the divine presence according to the theosophic symbolism of the kabbalah - in spite of the fact that evil dwells in the human heart".
Critical reception.
In a 2006 review of "Modern Times", "The Guardian" critic Kitty Greene wrote, "The superlative final sally, 'Ain't Talkin", does what all last tracks should do: make you want to hear the whole thing again. It's a lengthy, mysterious blues-noir; virtually magic-realist in places".
Allmusic's Thom Jurek wrote about the song, "The great irony is in the final track, 'Ain't Talkin',' where a lonesome fiddle, piano, and hand percussion spill out a gypsy ballad that states a yearning, that amounts to an unsatisfied spiritual hunger. The pilgrim wanders, walks, and aspires to do good unto others, though he falters often—he sometimes even wants to commit homicide. It's all part of the 'trawl' of living in the world today".
Music journalist Andy Greene, writing in "Rolling Stone", where "Ain't Talkin'" placed third on a list of "The 25 Best Bob Dylan Songs of the 21st Century", commented: "It's a song about a journey through a desolate, violent landscape straight out of Cormac McCarthy's "The Road", and nearly every line drips with doom and dread. This is Dylan at his bone-chilling best".
"Spectrum Culture" included the song on a list of Dylan's "20 Best Songs of the '00s". In an article accompanying the list, critic Jacob Nierenberg called the song one of Dylan's darkest, noting "the end times are hardly new ground for Dylan to cover, but rarely has the man portrayed himself as such a ruinous and malevolent force, akin to DMX or Anton Chigurh: A criminal prosecutor might be driven to press charges after hearing Dylan mutter 'If I catch my opponents ever sleepin' / I'll just slaughter 'em where they lie"'..."Unlike the Stanley Brothers song that inspired its title, 'Ain't Talkin' betrays no trace of regret, just a thirst for revenge. It's a mode Dylan has only written in a few times, and bettered even fewer".
A 2021 "Consequence" article ranking Dylan's top 15 albums placed "Modern Times" 10th, citing "Ain't Talkin'" as the highlight and praising Dylan's use of appropriation in it, calling it "one of Dylan's greatest strengths in the twilight years of his career, using these elements as building blocks for something completely new, in the same way that producers in the golden age of hip-hop constructed beats from familiar samples. "Ain't Talkin'," "Modern Times" bone-chilling closer, swipes lines from the traditional 'The Wayfaring Stranger' and The Stanley Brothers' 'Highway of Regret', then flips the songs' sentiments on their head: It's not deliverance that Dylan's yearning for, but vengeance, vowing to slit his enemies' throats in their beds. He's sung about the world's end before, but on 'Ain't Talkin', Dylan himself sounds apocalyptic, like he's the last thing his wrongdoers will see before they die".
"The Big Issue" placed it at #45 on a 2021 list of the "80 best Bob Dylan songs - that aren't the greatest hits". A 2021 "Guardian" article included it on a list of "80 Bob Dylan songs everyone should know". Singer/songwriter Elliott Murphy cited it as one of Dylan's top 10 songs of the 21st century in an article for "Poetic Justice Magazine".
Cultural references.
The song derives some of its chorus from the "Highway of Regret" by Don Anthony and Ralph Stanley. The line "through this weary world of woe" is a nod to the traditional "Wayfaring Stranger".
Numerous phrases in the song have been traced to the ancient Roman poet Ovid. Richard F. Thomas, the George Martin Lane Professor of the Classics at Harvard University, noted in an interview that the song's final line "In the last outback, at the world's end" is a "direct quote from Peter Green's Penguin translation of Ovid's exile poetry [Ex Ponto 2.7.66]. In case you think this is accidental, the same song has three or four other Ovidian lines or significant phases, including: 'Every nook and cranny/corner has its tears' … 'loyal and much loved companions' … 'make the most of one last extra hour', all on one song from "Tristia" 1.3 [24, 65, 68], Ovid's night of exile poem".
The line "Hand Me Down My Walking Cane" refers to the song of that name: a minstrel song credited to James A. Bland, which has become a folk song.
Live performances.
Dylan played the song 118 times on the Never Ending Tour between its live debut in 2006 and its last performance in 2013. The live debut occurred at New York City Center on November 20, 2006 and the last performance (to date) took place at Atlantico in Rome, Italy on November 7, 2013.
Other versions.
An earlier take of the song from the "Modern Times" recording sessions, without the long instrumental intro or outro and featuring somewhat different lyrics (with no references to the work of Ovid), appeared on the 2008 Dylan compilation "".

</doc>
<doc id="7036852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036852" title="Córdoba (Argentine province)">
Córdoba (Argentine province)



</doc>
<doc id="7036863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036863" title="Thomas Tesdale">
Thomas Tesdale

Thomas Tesdale (1547–1610) was an English maltster, benefactor of the town of Abingdon in the English county of Berkshire (now Oxfordshire) and the primary founding benefactor of Pembroke College, Oxford.
Life and career.
Thomas was born in Stanford Dingley in Berkshire and attended John Roysse's Free School in Abingdon (now Abingdon School). He became a rich maltster in the town, where he served as mayor, and purchased the manor of Ludwell in Oxfordshire.
Tesdale grew wealthy as maltster in Abingdon, and served as Master of Christ's Hospital of Abingdon. In 1581 he was elected mayor, but he did not serve his term as he had left the borough when he bought the manor of Ludwell in Oxfordshire. Soon after 1586 he moved to Glympton near Woodstock, Oxfordshire, where he rented the manor, raised livestock and grew and milled woad for dyeing.
Death and legacy.
He left no children of his marriage to Maud Stone when he died, but gave £5,000 for the education of Abingdon Scholars (seven fellows and six scholars) at Balliol College, Oxford. In 1623, this money was augmented by the Reverend Richard Wightwick of East Ilsley and used instead for the transformation of Broadgates Hall into Pembroke College, named after the Chancellor of Oxford University, William Herbert, 3rd Earl of Pembroke.
He also bequeathed an annual sum of money that allowed Roysses School (now Abingdon School) to employ an Usher (a second master), from 1610 to 1870. They became known as the Tesdale Ushers.

</doc>
<doc id="7036877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036877" title="Inferior angle of the scapula">
Inferior angle of the scapula



</doc>
<doc id="7036881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036881" title="Filmi qawwali">
Filmi qawwali

Filmi qawwali (. , ) is a form of qawwali music found in the Lollywood, Dhallywood, Tollywood, and Bollywood film industries.
It represents a distinct subgenre of film music, although it usually bears little resemblance to traditional qawwali, which is the devotional music of the Sufis. One example of filmi qawwali is the song Pardah Hai Pardah sung by Mohammed Rafi, and composed by Laxmikant–Pyarelal in Indian film Amar Akbar Anthony (1977). Another example of filmi qawwali is the song "Qurbani Qurbani Qurbani" rendered by Kishore Kumar, Anwar and Aziz Nazan and composed by Kalyanji-Anandji for the Indian film Qurbani(1980).
Within the subgenre of filmi qawwali, there exists a form of qawwali that is infused with modern and Western instruments, usually with techno beats, called "techno-qawwali". An example of techno-qawwali is Kajra Re, a filmi song composed by Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy. A newer variation of the techno-qawwali based on the more dance oriented tracks is known as the "club qawwali". More tracks of this nature are being recorded and released.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and A.R. Rahman have composed filmi qawwalis in the style of traditional qawwali. Examples include Arziyan ("Delhi 6"), Khwaja Mere Khwaja ("Jodhaa Akbar") and Kun Faya Kun ("Rockstar").
Examples in the Bengali Tollywood cinema include the song Remix Qawwali ("Bindaas") sung by Neha Kakkar and Nakash Aziz. In addition to this, the Bengali Dhallywood cinema also includes qawwalis such as the song Tikatuli ("Dhaka Attack") sung by Motin Chowdhury.
Notable artists.
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan.
One of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan's famous Qawwali songs, "Tere Bin Nahin Lagda" ("I am restless without you"), appeared on two of his 1996 albums, "Sorrows Vol. 69" and "Sangam" (as "Tere Bin Nahin Lagda Dil"), the latter a collaborative album with Indian lyricist Javed Akhtar. Lata Mangeshkar recorded a cover version called "Tere Bin Nahin Jeena" for "Kachche Dhaage" Composed by Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, the "Kachche Dhaage" soundtrack album sold 3million units in India. British-Indian producer Bally Sagoo released a remix of "Tere Bin Nahin Lagda", which was later featured in the 2002 British film "Bend It Like Beckham", starring Parminder Nagra and Keira Knightley. A cover version called "Tere Bin" was recorded by Rahat Fateh Ali Khan with Asees Kaur for the 2018 Bollywood film "Simmba"
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan's music had a big impact on Bollywood music, inspiring numerous Indian musicians working in Bollywood, especially during the 1990s. For example, he inspired A. R. Rahman and Javed Akhtar, both of whom he collaborated with. However, there were many instances of Indian music directors plagiarising Khan's music to produce hit filmi songs. Viju Shah's hit song "Tu Cheez Badi Hai Mast Mast" in "Mohra" (1994) was plagiarised from Khan's popular Qawwali song "Dam Mast Qalandar".

</doc>
<doc id="7036883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036883" title="Inferior angle">
Inferior angle



</doc>
<doc id="7036890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036890" title="Algebraic Geometric Coding Theory">
Algebraic Geometric Coding Theory



</doc>
<doc id="7036899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036899" title="Copse Lock">
Copse Lock

Copse Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, between Kintbury and Newbury, Berkshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 6 ft 0 in (1.82 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7036902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036902" title="Film qawwali">
Film qawwali



</doc>
<doc id="7036905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036905" title="Leon (Squirrel Boy)">
Leon (Squirrel Boy)



</doc>
<doc id="7036906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036906" title="1st and Ten">
1st and Ten



</doc>
<doc id="7036907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036907" title="Proximal Radioulnar Joint">
Proximal Radioulnar Joint



</doc>
<doc id="7036912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036912" title="First and 10">
First and 10



</doc>
<doc id="7036921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036921" title="Vargueno">
Vargueno



</doc>
<doc id="7036927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036927" title="Bargueno">
Bargueno



</doc>
<doc id="7036940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036940" title="Hamstead Lock">
Hamstead Lock

Hamstead Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Hamstead Marshall between Kintbury and Newbury, Berkshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 6 ft 5 in (1.96 m).
It is a grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="7036945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036945" title="Major History of Islam">
Major History of Islam



</doc>
<doc id="7036947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036947" title="Coat of arms of Bahía Blanca">
Coat of arms of Bahía Blanca

The coat of arms of the City of Bahía Blanca, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina
Created by Enrique Cabré Moré, Honorary Director of the Museum and Archive of History of the city, was officially adopted by municipal decree effective on May 18, 1943. 
The raising sun and the colours of the Argentine flag are taken from the coat of arms of the Nation.
The anchor is symbolic of the maritime origin and culture of the city.
Mountains (Sierra de la Ventana), the plain of Pampas, the original fortress and the estuary are present as symbols of the city and region where it is located.
The Cross points at the Catholic tradition of the city.
Copyright of the Seal belongs to the City of Bahía Blanca, Provincia de Buenos Aires, Republica Argentina. Depicted here as illustration of "fair use", according to the US laws on copyright and "marque déposée" according to the laws of copyright of France.

</doc>
<doc id="7036950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036950" title="Coeur d'Alene Resort Golf Course">
Coeur d'Alene Resort Golf Course



</doc>
<doc id="7036961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036961" title="Benham Lock">
Benham Lock

Benham Lock, formerly known as Benham Bridge Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, between Kintbury and Newbury. It is located below Marsh Benham, but in the civil parish of Enborne, in the English county of Berkshire.
The lock lies some west of Benham bridge.
The lock was constructed within the period between October 1794 and June 1797 and has a rise/fall of 6 ft 3 in (1.9 m).
In January 2017 the Canal and River Trust had to adjust, refit and repair the gates at Benham Lock due to them not closing properly and wasting water, the brickwork on the lock being re-pointed at the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="7036975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036975" title="Anthony Maher (soccer)">
Anthony Maher (soccer)

Anthony Maher (born March 18, 1979) was a professional soccer forward. Maher was a 10-year American professional outdoor and professional indoor soccer player and also a member of the United States National Futsal team and took part in the 2007 Pan-American Games in Brazil. Maher retired in 2013 and was inducted into the New Jersey Soccer Association Hall of Fame. Maher currently holds a USSF A Pro coaching license.
Amateur.
He played high school soccer at Middle Township High School in New Jersey. While in college was a member of the USL Premier Development League (PDL) with the West Michigan Edge and set franchise records for goals (14) and points (34 points) and was named to the 2001 All PDL team.
College.
Maher attended Mercyhurst College on an athletic scholarship. He was a 2001 NSCAA First Team All-American and runner up for NCAA DII National Player of the Year. He was additionally, a four-time All-GLIAC selection including Two-Time Conference Player of the Year and All Time Goal Scorer in Mercyhurst College history. He was captain of the team and led Mercyhurst to two Division II NSCAA Final Fours. While in college was a member of the USL Premier Development League (PDL) with the West Michigan Edge and set franchise records for goals (14) and points (34 points) and was named to the 2001 All PDL team. Maher was then 1 of 2 Division II players asked to take part in the MLS Combine. Maher is one of only three players in Mercyhurst College men's soccer program inducted into Mercyhurst College Athletics Hall of Fame.
Professional career.
Anthony Maher started his professional soccer career with the Wilmington Hammerheads of the USL Second Division in 2002. He was the Hammerhead's team MVP and an All League selection his rookie season, leading the team to the National Championship Game. That fall, Maher joined the Cleveland Force of Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL). He was the 'Team Rookie of the Year' and also selected to the All League Rookie First Team. In 2003, the Force traded Maher to the Kansas City Comets in exchange for Nick Corneli. Maher was named the Comets' "Newcomer of the Year" producing 28 goals and 10 assists. He followed that with 20 goals and 5 assists in only 14 games his second season with the Comets before tearing his anterior cruciate ligament (ACL). The Comets folded at the end of the 2004–2005 season and Maher signed with the Milwaukee of the USL A-League, playing one season with them. In 2006, Maher signed with the A-League team Syracuse Salty Dogs where he was the Teams's Offensive Player of the Year and the Army Man of the Year for high work rate. The Salty Dogs folded at the end of the season and Maher moved to the Rochester Raging Rhinos. However, he never played for Rochester due to a torn anterior cruciate ligament. In 2007, Maher signed with the Carolina RailHawks of the USL First Division, where he scored the team's only goal in the semifinal loss to the New England Revolution in the 2007 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. At the end of the season, Maher was brought in by Chivas USA of the MLS and then released. In 2008, Maher joined the Philadelphia KiXX where he played for two seasons.
Personal.
Maher was a spokesperson for Athletes in Action as well as sponsored nationally by Powerbar as a 2008 and 2009 TEAM ELITE MEMBER. He founded the Maher Brother's Pro Touch Soccer Camps that run camp programs in southern New Jersey. Maher has also been nominated for 2008 induction into South Jersey Soccer Hall of Fame. Maher's father, John Maher, was a top NJ HS coach and also inducted into the South Jersey Soccer Hall of fame in 2018. Anthony is married to Wayne State College Women's Soccer player Anne Marie Collins.
His brother, Matthew Maher, former Temple University Men's Soccer Captain, in the spring of 2007, Miami FC picked Maher in the first round (ninth overall) of the College Draft. Matthew also played for the Philadelphia KiXX &amp; NJ Ironmen in the MISL and had also played alongside Anthony with the Carolina RailHawks (USL-1)during the 2007 season. Anthony and Matt were the first brothers to play against each other in the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup. His other brother, Michael, captained the midshipman at the US Naval Academy competing in the Patriot League NCAA Division I.

</doc>
<doc id="7036977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036977" title="Teixeira surname">
Teixeira surname



</doc>
<doc id="7036978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036978" title="Higg's Lock">
Higg's Lock

Higg's Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, between Kintbury and Newbury, Berkshire, England.
The lock has a rise/fall of 5 ft 10 in (1.78 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7036982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036982" title="Superior angle of scapula">
Superior angle of scapula



</doc>
<doc id="7036985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036985" title="Big Bang Baby">
Big Bang Baby

"Big Bang Baby" is a song featured on "Tiny Music... Songs from the Vatican Gift Shop", the third album by the band Stone Temple Pilots. It was the first single to be released from the album, which appeared on several "Billboard" record charts: No. 28 on the Hot 100 Airplay, No. 1 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks and No. 2 on the Modern Rock Tracks charts.
"Big Bang Baby" also appears on the greatest hits album "Thank You".
Background.
Referencing the "Tiny Music..." album in his memoir, "Not Dead and Not For Sale", Stone Temple Pilots lead singer Scott Weiland wrote: "We wanted to make a statement. We wanted to deconstruct, go low-tech, get to the dark heart of the matter. I was happy to write Bowie-esque stream-of-consciousness lyrics that didn't need to make sense. Example: 'Big Bang Baby.'"
Music video.
The music video features the band performing in a white room. It was an intentional pastiche of videos from the early days of MTV, which were mostly shot on videotape rather than film, and most directly evokes the look of The J. Geils Band's "Freeze Frame".

</doc>
<doc id="7036993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036993" title="Fruli">
Fruli

Fruli, Früli, or Van Diest Fruli is a strawberry-favoured Belgian fruit beer, made at a craft brewery near Ghent by Brouwerij Huyghe. It is produced by blending Belgian wheat beer (70%) and pure strawberries (30%), and has 4.1% alcohol by volume.
Awards.
Früli won the gold medal at the UK's Food &amp; Drink Expo in 2004. In 2009, it was announced as the "Worlds Best Fruit Beer" by the judges of the World Beer Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="7036994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7036994" title="Superior angle">
Superior angle



</doc>
<doc id="7037000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037000" title="Nick Lane">
Nick Lane

Nick Lane (born 1967) is a British biochemist and writer. He is a professor in evolutionary biochemistry at University College London. He has published five books to date which have won several awards.
Career.
Educated at Imperial College, London, he earned his PhD at the Royal Free Hospital Medical School in 1995 with a thesis entitled "In vivo studies of ischaemia-reperfusion injury in hypothermically stored rabbit renal autograft". He then worked as Medical Writer at Oxford Clinical Communications for a year before joining "Medi Cine International" a medical multimedia company, also as a writer. In 1999 he became strategic director at what was, by then, "Adelphi Medi Cine", a post he held until 2002.
He became an Honorary Researcher at University College London in 1997, has held the post of Honorary Reader since 2006 and was the first Provost's Venture Research Fellow there from 2009 to 2012. Since October 2013 he has been Reader in Evolutionary Biochemistry in the Department of Genetics, Evolution and Environment at UCL. He is the author of popular science books and many articles on the origin of life, hydrothermal vents, evolution, and cellular biology, among topics. He is the winner of the 2015 Biochemical Society Award and the 2016 Michael Faraday Prize.
Publications.
His book, "Life Ascending: The Ten Great Inventions of Evolution", won the 2010 Royal Society Prize for Science Books. He appeared on In Our Time on Radio Four on 13 September 2012, when the topic of discussion was the cell, and again on 15 May 2014, when the topic was photosynthesis.

</doc>
<doc id="7037009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037009" title="Māori renaissance">
Māori renaissance

The Māori renaissance, as a turning point in New Zealand's history, describes a loosely defined period between 1970 and the early 2000s, in which Māori took the lead in turning around the decline of their culture and language that had been ongoing since the early days of European settlement. In doing so, social attitudes towards Māori among other New Zealanders also changed.
1800–1969, background.
At the start of the twentieth century the Māori population had been in sharp decline, primarily due to exposure to European diseases: it had then reached a low point of fewer than 50,000 people, from a total population of over 800,000. However, the population increased thereafter as natural immunity began to set in. Politically too, change was afoot. After European settlement began, Māori had become increasingly concerned that their culture and language were being marginalised. Until 1914, and possibly later, the perception of the Māori race by Pakeha was that it was capable and worthy of being saved but only by assimilation into a European system. James Carroll, a Māori member of parliament who became the first Māori to win a European electorate, at Waiapu in 1887, and who later served in cabinet, took a similar view. He believed Māori: "...could succeed very well in European society." In general terms, he thought Māori should concentrate on a rural existence while leaving the towns to non-Māori. From a group called the Young Māori Party, formed in the 1890s and also following the line of a more rural, separate Māori development, there emerged a new leader of the Māori cause, Āpirana Ngata. He became the first Māori to obtain a degree, in 1893, and he went on to become a respected, long-serving MP, from 1905 to 1943. Ngata too worked on land based policies for Māori, which had led to a blossoming in Māori art and culture. In 1939, the Second World War began; many Māori were exposed to a world outside New Zealand and were placed in positions of authority within the armed forces, such as in the Māori Battalion, positions they could not have achieved in their rural idylls back home. When they returned, a rapid drift into the cities took place and as Māori became increasingly urbanised, concerns again grew that despite the benefits of assimilation, such as better healthcare, Māori culture and language were dying out.
1970–75.
By the start of the 1970s, a new generation of young, educated Māori looked for ways to redress the decline and to breathe new life into what survived of Māori culture. Ngā Tamatoa (the Young Warriors) was a group formed by Auckland University students and, by 1972, it had branches in Wellington and Christchurch. One of its leaders said at the time there was that "rage" at what had been lost and at how Māori "had become assimilated pseudo-Pakeha". The group chose to protest, focusing on the challenges facing Māori then, not on past grievances. Protest began on Waitangi Day, 6 February 1971, when Ngā Tamatoa disrupted Rob Muldoon, the Finance Minister's, speech at Waitangi and a flag burning incident took place. In 1975, a hīkoi (land march) led by Whina Cooper traversed the length of the North Island finished outside Parliament in Wellington. Thousands had joined the march, illustrating how Māori concerns about the loss of their culture and landholdings were reaching the wider public. This was followed by the Bastion Point occupation in 1977–78. In 1975, the Treaty of Waitangi Act was passed. It created the Waitangi Tribunal with judicial powers to inquiry into Crown breaches of the Treaty.
1976–2002.
Māori identified an urgent need to address the declining use of Te Reo, the Māori language. Promoting use of Te Reo was seen as the cornerstone of Māori cultural growth. From the early 1980s, the kōhanga reo movement of language nests was started, and this was followed by the creation of kura kaupapa in which schooling in Māori took place. By 1996, there were 765 kōhanga in the country. Most of the funding for this came from Māori communities, not central government. In 1987, the Māori Language Act came into force. It made Māori an official language and it created the Māori Language Commission, which says it focuses on "promoting te reo as a living language and an ordinary means of communication".
By 1979, both main parties had recognised that New Zealand was ethnically diverse and in principle they had accepted the argument that Māori should be able to follow their own path and not be drowned within Pākehā mores. The labour government of the mid-1980s maintained the ongoing reforms. A bi-cultural approach to government policies had begun to set in. In 1985, the Treaty of Waitangi Act was amended to give the Tribunal's jurisdiction to cover claims going back to 1840, opening the way for numerous further claims from disgruntled iwi and hapū. Although the list of tangible benefits to Māori from the Treaty grew ever larger in the late 1980s, such as huge government payments to settle Tribunal claims, the non-Māori public were generally dissatisfied. To assuage more the nation's conscience than to better inform the public of historical reality around the Treaty, the sesquicentenary of its signing in 1990 was a choreographed theatrical exercise reflecting better what the nation wanted to see rather than to inform about underlying historical issues. The past was remolded to appeal to the electorate. Ongoing Treaty settlements well into the hundreds of millions of dollars had begun: by 2001, and partly as a result of Treaty settlements, Māori assets had reached NZ$8.99 billion. Tribunal work relating to Treaty principals began to appear in legislation: by 1999, action related to the Treaty was required in eleven statutes from a total of 29 in which the Treaty was mentioned. Elsewhere, the Te Maori art exhibition (1984–1987) saw Māori art exhibited internationally for the first time.
By the 1990s, the fundamentals of a Māori recovery were well entrenched, and Māori advancement continued despite ongoing obstacles, such as the slow pace of Treaty settlements and a downturn in the economy. By 2000, the percentage of Māori in higher education, skilled and managerial roles had increased. Activism returned in the 1990s, carried out by some who wanted further advances. Moutoa Gardens in Whanganui were occupied in 1995 by iwi claiming ownership rights and in Auckland, One Tree Hill's lone pine was damaged. Parliamentary changes took place as well. MMP was introduced at the 1996 General Election and by 2002 the number of designated Māori seats had risen from four to seven. In 2002, there were 20 Māori MPs in a parliament of around 120 seats.
2003–present, post-renaissance developments and reflection.
The year 2004 saw the founding of the Māori Party, to date New Zealand's most successful Māori-specific party. Founded by former Labour MP Tariana Turia, the party gained four seats in the following year's general election. In the 2008 election, its seats increased to five, and the party also won seats in 2011 and 2014. In 2008, the party entered a loose alliance with the National Party, firstly as part of the opposition, and in 2011 and 2014 as a minor partner in government. Disaffection with National led to a slump in support in the Māori Party in 2017, and it won no seats.
Concerns have been raised about the scope of the Waitangi Tribunal extending back to 1840, because "the past is interpreted by legal reasoning to suit presentist purposes." Historians will interpret the past differently from lawyers, using diachronic rather than a lawyer's synchronic analysis. By allowing claims back to 1840, it has been argued that the reality of what happened in the past, based on the values of that past time, is being altered because it is being judged in the context of contemporary norms, which is unfair.
Joseph Williams became the first Māori person appointed to the Supreme Court, in 2019. Since the 1970s, the Renaissance has been a significant literary movement. It stresses a separate form of Māori nationalism, with its own forms of expression and its own history, that can be seen as representing a new post-colonial New Zealand. An established catalogue of notable authors has emerged, including Keri Hulme and Witi Ihimaera.
Proportional to the total New Zealand population, people claiming to be of Māori descent represented 8 percent in 1966 and about 14 percent in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="7037010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037010" title="The Wedding (comics)">
The Wedding (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="7037012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037012" title="Guyer's Lock">
Guyer's Lock

Guyer's Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, between Kintbury and Newbury, Berkshire, England.
It is a grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="7037015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037015" title="Cicero Washington Pruitt">
Cicero Washington Pruitt

Cicero Washington Pruitt (1857–1946) was among the first Southern Baptist missionaries to Northern China. He was born in Barrettsville, Georgia, on January 31, 1857, the son of John Wesley and Hannah (Rodgers) Pruitt. He was ordained as a Southern Baptist minister at the age of 14 and began his evangelical work by preaching to Native Americans in Georgia. Later he attended the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, Kentucky. He appears to have followed the ideals of Hudson Taylor's China Inland Mission, dressing like the Chinese, learning the language and following Chinese customs. The Pruitt family has many pictures extent of him, dressed in Chinese garb.
Mission to North China.
In January 1882, he traveled to China as a missionary and was stationed in Huangxian in North China, where he met his first wife, Ida Tiffany; she died two years later. Later he married Anna Seward Pruitt and they opened a school for boys that subsequently merged with the Carter School for Girls and Bush Theological Seminary, and became the North China Baptist College. It is still under operation today under another name. Also the church that he, and Anna Seward (and perhaps Ida Tiffany) planted still offers services, over 100 years later.
C.W. and Ann Seward along with William and Effie Sears and Laura Barton were the only missionaries that remained loyal to Lottie Moon during a doctrinal dispute with Tarleton Perry Crawford that led to dividing the Southern Baptist North China Mission. T.P. Crawford believed missionaries should be self-supporting, but received criticism for spending excessive amounts of time in subsequent business ventures. Crawford brought along most of the North China Southern Baptist missionaries in starting his own mission named Gospel Mission.
Achievements and later years.
C.W. considered his greatest achievement to be the translation of his influential teacher John Broadus' Commentary on Gospel of Matthew from English into Chinese. C.W. and Anna Seward were the parents of Ida Pruitt, an influential writer involved in Chinese financial aid and development. Anna Seward and C.W. retired from China missions in 1936 and C.W. at that time because the Dean of Baptist Foreign Mission of North America. 
C.W. died on December 27, 1946.
"Most of this article is taken from the Radcliff Finding Aid. See link below."

</doc>
<doc id="7037016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037016" title="Hawthorne High School (New Jersey)">
Hawthorne High School (New Jersey)

Hawthorne High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in 9th through twelfth grades from Hawthorne, in Passaic County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The school operates as the lone secondary school of the Hawthorne Public Schools.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 612 students and 52.9 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.6:1. There were 173 students (28.3% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 44 (7.2% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
The district had been classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "DE". District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts.
History.
Plans for a building that would be used in part by a high school were presented in 1925, with an estimated cost of $360,000 (equivalent to $ million in )
By 1931, Hawthorne was incurring the cost of sending 400 students to Paterson Central High School and residents were considering that a high school in Hawthorne could serve students at a cost lower than the tuition being paid to the Paterson Public Schools and the cost of transporting students to and from Paterson.
The high school building opened in September 1933, with Lemuel Johnson serving as the school's first principal.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 218th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 234th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 171st in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 148th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 157th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
The school set the Guinness World Record in 2013 for most people popping bubble wrap and was the first to hold the record before it was surpassed the following year.
Curriculum.
Starting in the 2013–14 school year, Hawthorne High School switched to a modified rotating drop schedule, making more opportunities for new classes. The school will offer 19 honor classes along with 12 Advanced Placement classes and 25 new electives. For the 2017–18 school year, the high school added a second lunch to their drop schedule. The 2018–19 school year saw the addition of AP Computer Science.
Athletics.
The Hawthorne High School Bears participate in the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference, which is comprised of small-enrollment schools in Bergen, Hudson, Morris and Passaic counties, and was created following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Prior to realignment that took effect in the fall of 2010, Hawthorne was a member of the smaller Bergen-Passaic Scholastic League (BPSL). With 513 students in grades 10–12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group II for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 486 to 758 students in that grade range. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group I North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 254 to 474 students.
The boys' cross country team won the Group II state championship in 1973.
The football team won the North I Group II state sectional championship in 1974 (awarded by the NJSIAA), 1975 and 1978. A 14–12 win against Rutherford High School gave the 1975 team their first North I Group II sectional playoff championship and a 10-0-1 record for the season. The 1978 team won the North I Group II sectional title with a 19–14 win in the championship game against Lenape Valley Regional High School.
The field hockey team won the North I Group II state sectional championship in 1976.
The wrestling team won the North I Group I state sectional title in 1994
The girls' volleyball team won the Group II state championship in 2001 with a 31–0 record, defeating Union Catholic Regional High School in the tournament final. They also captured the Passaic County championship in that same season.
Interscholastic sports offered include:
Winter:
Spring:
Marching band.
There are approximately 20 students in grades 8 through 12 involved with the marching band.
Administration.
The school's principal is Kevin Pfister. His administration team includes two assistant principals.

</doc>
<doc id="7037027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037027" title="No Sleep 'till Bedtime">
No Sleep 'till Bedtime

No Sleep 'till Bedtime is a live album by Canadian extreme metal band Strapping Young Lad. It was recorded live in Melbourne Australia, on October 12, 1997; however, the live tracks presented here are the only ones recorded before the tape ran out. "Japan" and "Centipede" are new studio tracks that were added by the label as a bonus material. The title is a homage to and parody of Motörhead's "No Sleep 'til Hammersmith" live album.
"Japan" and "Centipede" are studio recordings, each a Japanese bonus track for "Heavy as a Really Heavy Thing" and "City" respectively. The latter samples a percussion loop from "Happiness in Slavery" by Nine Inch Nails.
The Japanese release of this record came in a limited edition box set. It includes four bonus tracks that are demos recorded at one of vocalist/guitarist Devin Townsend's friend's living rooms in LA, which were later added to the 2007 reissue of "City".

</doc>
<doc id="7037028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037028" title="GONCZ High-Tech GA-9">
GONCZ High-Tech GA-9



</doc>
<doc id="7037031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037031" title="Ron Streck">
Ron Streck

Ronald Raymond Streck (born July 17, 1954) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour and Nationwide Tour, and is a current player on the Champions Tour.
Early life and amateur career.
In 1954, Streck was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. His father started him playing golf at the age of 3. Streck attended the University of Tulsa from 1973 to 1976, and was twice an All-American.
Professional career.
In 1976, Streck turned pro. In 1978, he won his first PGA Tour tournament, the San Antonio Texas Open.
Streck had several notable "firsts" in the annals of professional golf, earning him the nickname "Milestone Man". He was the first PGA Tour player to play with Metalwoods. He was the first PGA player to win with Metalwoods (at the 1981 Michelob-Houston Open). With his victory in 2005 at the Commerce Bank Championship, he became the first player to win events on all three U.S.-based men's professional Tours (PGA, Nationwide, and Champions). 
In addition, Streck won in the 1983 Hassan II Golf Trophy in Morocco. The tournament was later incorporated into the European Tour.
Personal life.
Streck is married with three children and lives in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Awards and honors.
In 1997, Streck was inducted into the University of Tulsa Athletics Hall of Fame.
Professional wins (6).
PGA Tour wins (2).
PGA Tour playoff record (0–1)
Nike Tour wins (1).
Nike Tour playoff record (1–0)
Results in major championships.
CUT = missed the half-way cut&lt;br&gt;
"T" indicates a tie for a place

</doc>
<doc id="7037033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037033" title="Luman Watson">
Luman Watson

Luman Watson was an early Cincinnati clockmaker. He worked in Cincinnati, Ohio from 1819 to 1834. His clocks had wooden works. He made both tall clocks and shelf clocks.
Luman Watson, son and grandson of prosperous farmers, was born at Harwinton, Connecticut, on October 10, 1790. He spent his boyhood in the center of Connecticut's clock making country, and between chores on the farm probably slipped away to follow his natural bent for mechanics. By the time he was nineteen years old, Watson had moved to Cincinnati and established the clock making partnership of Read and Watson with the Read brothers, Abner, Ezra, and Amassa. The sale of a Read and Watson clock is recorded as early as 1809 in Clark County, Ohio.
At that time there was a severe shortage of brass, American manufacturers used hardwood for making clock movements. This proved to be an adequate substitute for short duration clocks. Wheels had to have large teeth for strength so a running time of more than 30 hours was not possible.
By the 1820s eighteen workmen were employed producing first wooden and, after 1830, brass shelf clocks. The opening of the Erie Canal in 1825 however also opened the door to great numbers of cheaper Connecticut made clocks which by the time of Watson’s death had put an end to Ohio clockmaking.
The Watson firm was prolific. It is estimated that between 1815 and 1834, more than 30,000 tall case clocks were manufactured. This figure is staggering considering that after about 1820 tall case clocks began to fall out of favor. By about 1830, the firm had begun making many clocks designed to sit on a mantel or special shelf.
Hiram Powers was an assistant to Luman Watson, Powers was “skilled in modelling figures... he went on to become one of America’s first great sculptors.” 
Luman Watson and J. Bonsall were founders of the Ohio Mechanics Institute in 1828.
Watson died in Cincinnati November 28, 1834.
A Luman Watson tall case clock is on display in the Cincinnati Art Museum Cincinnati Wing and in the Old State Capitol in Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="7037034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037034" title="The Small-tooth Dog">
The Small-tooth Dog

The Small-Tooth Dog is a fairytale gathered by Sidney Odall Addy from the village of Norton, Derbyshire (now Sheffield) in his compilation, "Household Tales and Other Traditional Remains" (1895) alongside other tales such as "The Little Watercress Girl" and "The Glass Ball". It is an Aarne-Thompson-Uther type ATU 425C tale, which places it alongside other animal bridegroom tales such as Beauty and the Beast and The Singing, Springing Lark.
Publications.
Ruth Manning-Sanders included it in "A Book of Magic Animals". A more recent version has been rewritten by Margaret Read MacDonald and published by August House Little Folk.
Synopsis.
A travelling merchant is saved by a large dog and taken back to the dog's estate. The dog dressed the merchant's wounds and the merchant thanked him and offered to give the dog a reward as thanks for rescuing him, not refusing to offer even 'the most precious thing that he had'. The merchant goes through an assortment of magical items which the dog all deny, including a fish that speaks twelve languages, a goose that lays golden eggs, and a mirror in which you can see what anybody is thinking about.
The dog then asks for the merchants daughter to be taken to his house, and the merchant reluctantly agrees to let the dog take his daughter after he had been there a week. After a week had passed, the dog waited outside the merchant's house as the daughter stepped out dressed for the journey ahead. The dog was pleased and told her to jump on his back so he could take her to his house, and she complied. The dog then ran her to his home where she stayed a month before she began to cry. Upon asking what was making her cry, she explained she wanted to go back to her father.
The dog agreed under the terms that she cannot stay there for more than three days and asked what the girl called him. The girl replied that he was "A great, foul small-tooth dog" and the dog refused to take her. This caused her to cry again, and subsequently the dog asked what the girl called him. This time, the girl called him "Sweet-as-a-honeycomb" and the dog invited her on his back and walked for forty miles before reaching a stile. Again the dog inquired what the girl called him. The girl answered, "A great, foul, small-tooth dog" and the dog turned around and ran back to his house with the girl on his back.
A week later, the girl wept again and the dog promised to take her home. Once again, they stopped when they reached the stile and the dog asked what the girl called him. The girl stated he was "Sweet-as-a-honeycomb" and the dog leapt over the stile before continuing another 20 miles before reaching a second stile. Again, the dog asked, his tail wagging, what the girl called him and she, distracted by the thought of home answered, "A great, foul, small-tooth dog". This enraged the dog and it rushed back to his home with her once more. She cried for another week and the dog once again promised to take her home. Upon reaching the first stile, the dog inquired again what she called him and she replied, "Sweet-as-a-honeycomb" and the dog continued on their way. The girl decided she would say the most loving things she could think of until she was back home.
When they arrived at the merchant's house, the dog asked one more time what the girl called him. The girl was about to call him a 'A great, foul, small-tooth dog' but refrained upon seeing how hurt the dog was by the words, and remembering how patient the dog had been with her. She called him 'Sweet-as-a-honeycomb' one last time and the dog stood on his back legs and pulled off his dog's head and threw away his pelt, revealing a handsome man with the 'smallest teeth you ever saw' and the two were married.
History of the text.
Sidney Odall Addy's acquisition of the story was done by seeking out peasants to record their stories through dictation or copied manuscripts offered to him. He was utilizing this information to prove his personal theories about witches being spirits of the dead, citing eye-witness accounts in the countryside of fairies wearing large shrouds and ghost sightings as similar. He also believed that part of the origin of fairy-tales was a result of human ancestors believing that everything had its own separate consciousness, and that this is why many folk-tales have anthropomorphic animals and objects within them. Addy's theories didn't disprove the supernatural, but rather saw the stories compiled within his books as evidence to support his theories about the supernatural and the magical.
Addy's theories about how so many fairy-tales have similarities is that the stories are likely told and retold by merchants and peddlers from foreign nations, causing the stories to spread and change in minor ways due to a language barrier and word of mouth. His intention was based on the directive of writing and recording new folk-tales given The Folklore Society he had joined in 1895, according to him was focused entirely on republishing and reprinting old works rather than seeking new ones. He sought to use first-hand fieldwork to embrace tradition, believing the stories he collected were a sign of the enduring nature of progenitor stories and that his compilation would prevent those he perceived as falsifying tradition and from calling it into question.
Analysis.
Tale type.
The tale is classified in the international Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index as tale type ATU 425C, "Beauty and the Beast".
Interpretations.
The story itself was gathered in Derbyshire alongside other tales from York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, and was many of the places where Addy lived and worked publishing articles for larger companies. In a compilation of medicinal practices that Addy gathered from the area, he relayed that it was considered good if a dog licked your wounds, henceforth explaining its inclusion within the story as the merchant was recovering.
The intended message of the story could be interpreted several ways, as a comfort to women in arranged marriages that reassure the intended bride their groom won't be as foul and nasty as they believe if they shower them with love and positive reinforcement. However, the message could also be regarding empathy and being kind to others as well as keeping promises given the repeated emphasis on how the word 'Sweet-as-a-honeycomb' impact the dog's demeanor, and the girl being taken again and again because of her crying.
Ties to physiognomy.
The text places a lot of emphasis on reading emotions, both that of the girl and that of the dog. In multiple instances, the girl's weeping is what inspires the dog to trek the long distance back towards the merchant's home again and again. In addition, the dog wagging its tale and the resolution of the piece are both times of emotional openness that ultimately leads to the conclusion of the story. This could have some relation to the popular practice of physiognomy at the time, wherein the study of faces and facial expressions are the resolution of the story therein.
This would point to the directive of the story to educate about empathy and understanding to teach others about being kind and using kind words, and the rewards that may come with it, such as when the girl is rewarded for her kindness with a handsome groom and coming back home at last.
Comparisons to Beauty and the Beast.
The text has many elements familiar within other 425C tales, including some of its major plot points. The merchant father being rescued by the Beast within the text, the heroine being taken to the Beast's grand estate and the acceptance of the Beast leading to their subsequent transformation into humanoid form. However, less time is spent within the Beast's home and more emphasis is drawn on the back and forth of the two across the countryside and the words being said therein. In addition, the elements of a force running counter to the Beauty and the Beast such as Beauty's jealous sisters, is absent from the story, as well as the requests of magical items and the instigating rose within the text.
The text seems to go out of its way to deny the opportunity of magical accompaniments, as seen within the dog's denial of the merchant's more fantastical wares. From that point on, unlike the Beast, the dog does little to shower the girl with presents and gifts, with the act of taking her back and forth regarded in higher favor and evidence of the dog's kindness and emotional recognition.
The girl also regards the dog as the patient one towards the end, despite her absence of agency, In doing so, the tale is less inclined to believe that the titles of Beauty and the Beast and pursuer and pursued can be used interchangeably. The girl is passive and compliant within the tale, and it is only through the dog's actions that the plot progresses, but it is her words that ultimately lead to a resolution. The girl has the final decision, and much like Beauty returning to Beast on the Beast's deathbed, we are led to the conclusion that this decision is hers to make, but in the case of this text it is evident that if she does not choose correctly she will be punished with further imprisonment.
In doing so, the girl acts as both heroine and saboteur to the romantic finish of the story. There is little romantic interest shown between the girl and dog, but nonetheless her relationship with the canine is integral to the removal of his bestial nature. Within the text, words literally and figuratively have the power to heal and hurt, and the romantic interlude between the two is a result not of development, but of an obligation and resolution often found in this tale and other animal bridegroom stories such as The Frog Prince.
These bridegroom stories were often the result of arranged marriages, with the bride seeing their forced groom as 'beastly' and monstrous, and stories such as these have central recurring motifs such as complacent parents, a hostile beastly captor turned human by the resolution of the story, and a relocation to a distant land. This is a result of a progenitor to these stories Cupid and Psyche, wherein the titular Psyche is sacrificed to the Gods and forced into marriage with the titular Cupid, whom she believes to be a monster until otherwise revealed. The subsequent execution in further stories is a direct result of that initial conception.
2007 retelling.
An retelling of the story was published in 2007 by Margaret Read MacDonald and illustrated by Julie Paschkis. This version of the tale follows the same format and synopsis, although there are some minor word changes throughout the book and additions to the story. The jacket design for the book was done by Joy Freeman. The book was published by August House Publishers, Inc in Atlanta, Georgia. It received good reception, but is notably absent from Margaret Read MacDonald's website.
The book received positive praise at its unveiling at the Seattle Public Library, and was one of MacDonald's many works that accounted for fairy-tales and folktales from across the world.
More detail is given within the story to the dog's estate, and showing the girl and the dog spending time together. The phrase 'Sweet as a Honeycomb' doesn't come from within the return trip back to the merchant's home but comes when the girl and the dog are playing fetch. More emphasis is also drawn to the dog's hair and smell than his teeth, as shown in comparisons when the girl is petting the dog's hair and the prince's hair at the end of the text. Interestingly, they also resume their game of fetch, indicating signs of a lasting relationship and meaningful connection in contrast to the previously abrupt marriage at the end of the original tale.
Artwork.
The artwork throughout the book depicts not just the original tale but also illustrations of various flowers throughout the text and multiple illustrations of a beehive and bees in reference to the recurring 'Sweet as a Honeycomb' line. These flowers are explained within the hardcover of the book in sectional illustrations detailing the meaning of each one which aligns with the scene. For example, Thistle is used in the story's opener and thistle is associated with protection and danger within the illustrations, The floral illustrations throughout the book also are in order they are presented within the hardcover, which seems intent on informing the reader about the nature of the text and the emotions felt within the characters.
These illustrations work both within the panels of the story and outside of them, and multiple floral illustrations may be used if there are multiple characters within a scene. Upon the dog and the girl first meeting, there are four flowers present. Beside the dog is a rose and daffodils, representing love and unrequited love respectively according to the illustrations, whereas besides the girl is a red columbine and sweet pea, which are fear and departure respectively. This altogether works to add more depth to the characters beyond their narrative roles.
The panels within the text will often move and bend with the characters themselves and the setting, with multiple instances of the panels twisting and turning to imitate the whiplash of movement, often bleeding out of the page. This is in contrast to more quiet and intimate moments which will be indicated with more static panels.

</doc>
<doc id="7037035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037035" title="Bhante Dharmawara">
Bhante Dharmawara

 
Samdach Vira Dharmawara Bellong Mahathera (February 12, 1889 – June 26, 1999), also known simply as Bhante Dharmawara, was a Cambodian-born Theravada monk and teacher who died at the age of 110.
Biography.
Dharmawara was born Bellong Mahathera on February 12, 1889, in Phnom Penh, Cambodia to a wealthy family. He was originally a judge but wanted a monastic and celibate life. Dharmawara became a forest monk of the Theravada tradition in his 40s. He was known for his travels throughout Cambodia to India and Sri Lanka using walking as a form of meditation.
He returned to Cambodia to visit in 1952 and established a connection to Norodom Sihanouk, then still king. In 1955, he accompanied Sihanouk to the Bandung Conference in Indonesia.
He first visited the U.S. in late 1955 and early 1956 when he was invited by the US Information Agency to attend a conference on education. In California, the yoga teacher Indra Devi introduced him to wine critic Robert Lawrence Balzer, who was already interested in Asian religions. With Dharmawara's invitation, Balzer traveled to Cambodia and sojourned for two weeks in the temple where Dharmawara was staying, later writing about it in the book "Beyond Conflict." 
ln 1964, he guided Billy Meier on Buddhist teachings and meditation methods at the "Ashoka Ashram" run by the Indian Buddhist organization "Asoka Mission"
An extended meditation course he taught at the Asoka Mission from October 1974 to March 1975 is described in the book "Leaving Lucifer."
In 1989, following a shooting in which five schoolchildren were killed at a Stockton school, there was national press coverage when he went to the school to perform a ritual cleansing of the site.
Dharmawara was a vegetarian and in his later life preferred fresh fruit and vegetable juices. He was also described as loving Coca-Cola.
Chromotherapy.
Dharmawara was an advocate of chromotherapy (colour healing). He argued that all things emanate colour and every organ corresponds to a particular colour, thus disease results when a particular bodily organ loses its colour intensity. Chromotherapy would rebuild balance to the body. The colours he advocated were almost exclusively green, blue and yellow. He taught people to avoid the colour red. He argued that green is neutral, harmonizing and used to treat depression, fatigue and trauma whilst yellow a warm colour is used to treat digestive ailments such as constipation, nervous disorders, allergies and fevers. Blue a cold colour was employed as an antibiotic used to cool the body by treating burns and infections. A combination of blue and green are employed to treat bruises and cuts. Similar to Edwin Dwight Babbitt, he would put spring water into a sterilized coloured bottles and place them in the sun for 48 hours.
Dharmawara lectured on chromotherapy and meditation at John G. Bennett's International Academy for Continuous Education located at Sherborne House, Gloucestershire.
Death.
He died on June 26, 1999, aged 110.

</doc>
<doc id="7037038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037038" title="Live from the UK Sept./2006">
Live from the UK Sept./2006



</doc>
<doc id="7037044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037044" title="Radošovce">
Radošovce

Radošovce may refer to several places in Slovakia notably in the Trnava Region.

</doc>
<doc id="7037048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037048" title="Whitewash (1994 film)">
Whitewash (1994 film)

Whitewash is a 1994 television special and animated short film that was based on a true story. The program was produced and directed by Michael Sporn with a screenplay by Ntozake Shange. Ruby Dee and Linda Lavin provide voices for the animated characters.
Plot.
The family special, based on a true story, uses animation to tell the story of a little African-American girl's encounter with mindless racism. On their way home from school, Helene and her brother are attacked by a group of white thugs who beat him up and spray-paint her face white. Why would anyone do this? With her wise grandmother's help, Helene is able to get over her hurt.

</doc>
<doc id="7037049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037049" title="Newbury Lock">
Newbury Lock

Newbury Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal in the town centre of Newbury, in the English county of Berkshire. It has a rise/fall of 3 ft 6 in (1.07 m), and is situated just upstream of Newbury Bridge.
The lock is a grade II listed structure. It has brick walls that are capped with Bath Stone and which are wider at the top than at the base in an attempt to counteract frost damage. It was built in 1796, as part of the construction of the Kennet and Avon Canal linking Newbury and Bath. The canal was built under the supervision of John Rennie.
Newbury Lock was the easternmost lock on the original Kennet and Avon Canal, and downstream it connected to what was the much older Kennet Navigation, opened in 1727 between Reading and Newbury. The canal opened throughout in 1810 and provided, along with the River Thames, the Kennet Navigation and the River Avon, a through route between London and Bristol. The Kennet Navigation was purchased by the Kennet and Avon Canal Company in 1812, and is now generally regarded as part of the Kennet and Avon canal.
Adjacent to the lock is a sculpture called "Ebb And Flow", created by the sculptor Peter Randall-Page. The work comprises a large granite bowl set at the centre of a spiral granite path leading down from the lock. The bowl is connected to the lock by underground piping so that when the lock fills, water flows into the bowl and then empties away as the level of the water in the lock goes down.

</doc>
<doc id="7037052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037052" title="Bob Cashell">
Bob Cashell

Robert Alan Cashell (April 22, 1938 – February 11, 2020) was an American businessman and politician. He served as the mayor of Reno, Nevada from 2002 to 2014. He served as the 28th lieutenant governor of Nevada from 1983 to 1987 and on the Nevada System of Higher Education Board of Regents from 1979 to 1982. He served as a board member for Station Casinos from June 17, 2011 until his death on February 11, 2020. Cashell was a moderate member of the Republican Party and was a former member of the Democratic Party.
Biography.
Because of Bob Cashell's large contributions to UNR students, a football team field house at the University of Nevada was constructed, and named after him. Cashell was a prominent businessman, owning Cashell Enterprises, a hotel/casino company. He bought Bill &amp; Effies, a truck stop, in 1967 and renamed it Boomtown Reno. He sold Boomtown in 1988, after turning the property into a casino/resort.
Cashell later managed several Nevada properties including: Karl's Silver Club (now the defunct Bourbon Square Casino) in Sparks, the Bourbon Street Hotel and Casino (now demolished) in Las Vegas, The Ormsby House in Carson City, and the Avi Resort &amp; Casino for the Avi Indian Tribe in Laughlin. He was a partner in several ventures including: Carson Station (now Max Casino) in Carson City, the Comstock Hotel &amp; Casino (now The Residences at Riverwalk Towers) in Reno and the Holiday Casino (now Harrah's) in Las Vegas. He has also owned several properties including: Winners Inn, Star Casino and Model T Truck Stop in Winnemucca and the Alamo Truck Stop in Sparks. His son, Robert Jr., was a partner in the new ownership of the Fitzgeralds Reno in downtown Reno (which is now the Whitney Peak Hotel). Cashell and his family owned and operate Alamo Truck Plaza in Sparks and Topaz Lodge in Gardnerville.
Cashell died on February 11, 2020, at the age of 81, after being at Saint Mary's Regional Medical Center in Downtown Reno due to suffering heart problems and long-term illnesses.
Footnotes.
Kling, Dwayne. "The Rise of The Biggest Little City: An Encyclopedic History, 1931–1981". University of Nevada Press (2000)

</doc>
<doc id="7037053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037053" title="Risto Mattila">
Risto Mattila

Risto Mattila (born 4 February 1981, Kannus, Central Ostrobothnia) is a Finnish snowboarder. He is an all-around rider, who has many achievements in half pipe, big air and in park riding contests. He has also made a name by having shots in the international snowboarding magazines. He is well known as a confident rider and because of his smooth style.
Biography.
Mattila was born in Kannus, which is located in Central Ostrobothnia which is well known for its flat surface. Risto started snowboarding at the age of 13 in a small resort called Louekallio, together with Olympic bronze medallist Markku Koski.
Career.
During his snowboard career Risto has obtained many good results, including many wins in FIS world cup and other snowboarding invitational contests.
Mattila participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, finishing 16th in men's halfpipe. He also represented Finland at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, finishing 10th in men's halfpipe.
Mattila's 2006–2007 season has started promisingly, and Risto has placed as a second in Air &amp; Style and third in X-Trail Jam, both much respected competitions in the snowboarding world. Mattila also won the 2007 Nissan X-Trail Big Air in Japan
Most recently Mattila participated in the 2008 Toyota Big Air and placed 2nd to his fellow Flow teammate and friend Antti Autti
Off the snow.
When Risto is not snowboarding he usually spends time in Helsinki with his friends. He likes Finnish candies, good food, ketchup and movies. His hobbies besides snowboarding are skateboarding, breakdance and tennis.
Career Standings.
2001/2002
2003/2004
2005/2006
2007/2008
Sponsors.
Flow Snowboarding,
Giro,
Volvo,
Billabong,
Dr. Zipe,
Northwave
Drake Bindings and Boards

</doc>
<doc id="7037054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037054" title="Hugh E. Wright">
Hugh E. Wright

Hugh E. Wright (13 April 1879 – 12 February 1940) was a French-born, British actor and screenwriter. He was the father of actor Tony Wright.

</doc>
<doc id="7037058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037058" title="GONCZ">
GONCZ



</doc>
<doc id="7037059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037059" title="Nudity and sexuality">
Nudity and sexuality

The relationship between nudity and sexuality can be complicated. When people are nude, this often leads to sexual arousal, which is why indecent exposure is often considered a crime. There are also social movements to promote a greater degree of nudity, such as the topfreedom movement to promote female toplessness, as well as the movement to promote breastfeeding in public. Furthermore, some psychiatric disorders that can lead to greater nudity include exhibitionistic disorder, voyeuristic disorder, and gymnophobia.
Background.
Nudity.
Nudity is one of the physiological characteristics of humans, who alone among primates evolved to be effectively hairless. Human sexuality includes the physiological, psychological, and social aspects of sexual feelings and behaviors. 
In many societies, a strong link between nudity and sexuality is taken for granted. Other societies maintain their traditional practices of being completely or partially naked in social as well as private situations, such as going to a beach or spa. The meaning of nudity and sexuality remains ambivalent, often leading to cultural misunderstandings and psychological problems.
Sexualization.
The American Psychological Association (APA) defines sexualization as limiting a person's value to sexual appeal to the exclusion of other characteristics, and equating physical attractiveness with being sexual. A person may also be sexually objectified, made into a object for others' sexual use, rather than seen as a person with the capacity for independent action and decision making; or sexuality is inappropriately imposed upon a person. Being sexualized is particularly damaging to young people who are in the process of developing their own self-image. Girls may have sexualized expectations imposed upon them, or internalize norms that lead to self-sexualization. Sexualization of girls includes both age-inappropriate "sexy" attire for girls, and adult models dressing as girls. In movies and television, women are shown nude much more frequently than men, and generally in the context of sexual behavior.
Some see the APA position as viewing sexual images as uniformly negative, and overestimating the influence of these images on young people by assuming that exposure leads directly to negative effects, as if it were a disease. Studies also fail to address the effect of sexual images on boys which influences how they view their own masculinity and appropriate sexual relationships.
While there has been considerable media and political discussion of sexualization, there has been little psychological research on what effect media images actually have on the well-being of young people, for example how and to what degree sexual objectification is internalized, becoming self-evaluation. In interviews with Dutch pre-teens, the effects are complicated given the general liberal attitudes toward sexuality, including the legalization of prostitution, which is highly visible.
Researchers see the cultural force of commodification (or "pornification") as resulting in the sexualization of athletic bodies, negating the naturalness and beauty of nudity. This is in contrast to the sacredness of the nude athlete in the ancient world, particularly Greece; and the aesthetic appreciation of the nude in art.
Sexual response to social nudity.
The link between the nude body and a sexual response is reflected in the legal prohibition of indecent exposure in the majority of societies.
Worldwide, some societies recognize certain places and activities that, although public, are appropriate for partial or complete nudity. These include societies that maintain traditional norms regarding nudity, as well as modern societies that have large numbers of people who have adopted naturism in recreational activities. Naturists typically adopt a number of behaviors, such as refraining from touch, in order to avoid sexual responses while participating in nude activities. Many nude beaches serve as an example of this.
Studies have shown that biologically humans are disposed to react to nudity more than any other presentation of bodies. This biological reaction includes sexual arousal, although sexuality presents and is wired differently between sexes. Because of this there is often a separation or focus on one groups perspective of sexuality and less of an emphasis on another's, ideas can become skewed. There are also cultural differences on nudity and sexuality that often comes from their past, religious views, or region.
Naturism and sex.
Some naturists do not maintain this non-sexual atmosphere. In a 1991 article in "Off Our Backs", Nina Silver presents an account of mainstream sexual culture's intrusion into some American naturist groups. Nudist resorts may attract misogynists or pedophiles who are not always dealt with properly, and some resorts may cater to "swingers" or have sexually provocative events to generate revenue or attract members.
Nudity movements.
In many societies, the breast continues to be associated with both nurturing babies and sexuality. The "topfreedom" movement promotes equal rights for women to be naked above the waist in public under the same circumstances that are considered socially acceptable for men to do so. 
Breastfeeding in public is forbidden in some jurisdictions, not regulated in others, and protected as a legal right in still others. Where public breastfeeding is a legal right, some mothers may be reluctant to breastfeed, and some people may object to the practice.
Psychological disorders of bodily display.
Exhibitionistic disorder is a condition marked by the urge, fantasy, or act of exposing one's genitals to non-consenting people, particularly strangers; and voyeuristic disorder is a sexual interest in, or practice of, spying on people engaged in intimate behaviors like undressing or sexual activity. While similar terms may be used loosely to refer to everyday activity, these feelings and behaviors are indicative of a mental disorder only if they interfere with normal functioning or well-being, or involve causing discomfort or alarm to others. Much rarer is gymnophobia, an abnormal and persistent fear of nudity.

</doc>
<doc id="7037065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037065" title="Censorship in the Federal Republic of Germany">
Censorship in the Federal Republic of Germany

 
The Federal Republic of Germany guarantees freedom of speech, expression, and opinion to its citizens as per Article 5 of the constitution. Despite this, censorship of various materials has taken place since the Allied occupation after World War II and continues to take place in Germany in various forms due to a limiting provision in Article 5, Paragraph 2 of the constitution. In 2014 the Reporters Without Borders Press Freedom Index ranked Germany as 14th (out of 180 countries) in the world in terms of press freedom. During the Allied occupation of Germany, the media was controlled by the occupying forces. The policy rationales differed among the occupying powers, but there was resentment in literary and journalistic circles in many parts of the country. Undesired publishing efforts were unilaterally blocked by the occupying forces.
Since the publication of the German "Grundgesetz", there have been two kinds of censored media in Germany. The first is material that is considered offensive or indecent; such media are placed on the "Index" and restricted in their publication, and distribution to minors is illegal. The second is material that is considered anti-constitutional, dangerous to the state. The underlying concept is "streitbare Demokratie" (self-defending democracy) that legally hinders the rise of all anti-constitutional and thus undemocratic movements. The media concerned are banned outright, with criminal penalties for infringements. An example is the outright ban on material which supports National Socialism.
Allied occupation.
During Allied occupation of West Germany in the years following World War II, all printing was subject to Allied approval. Although no formal censorship process was in place, the Allies—particularly the Americans—carefully monitored emerging literature for content they considered harmful. Sympathy with the Nazi cause and criticism of the occupation were considered worthy of censorship. (See Denazification)
The U.S. Army took control of German media. The Information Control Division of the U.S. Army had by July 1946 taken control of 37 German newspapers, 6 radio stations, 314 theaters, 642 cinemas, 101 magazines, 237 book publishers, and 7,384 book dealers and printers. Its main mission was democratization but the agenda also included the prohibition on any criticism of the Allied occupation forces. In addition, on May 13, 1946 the Allied Control council issued a directive for the confiscation of all media that could contribute to Nazism or militarism. As a consequence a list was drawn up of over 30,000 book titles, ranging from school textbooks to poetry, which were now banned. All copies of books on the list were confiscated and destroyed; the possession of a book on the list was made a punishable offense. All the millions of copies of these books were to be confiscated and destroyed. The representative of the Military Directorate admitted that the order was in principle no different from the Nazi book burnings.
The censorship in the U.S. zone was regulated by the occupation directive JCS 1067 (valid until July 1947) and in the May 1946 order valid for all zones (rescinded in 1950), Allied Control Authority Order No. 4, "No. 4 - Confiscation of Literature and Material of a Nazi and Militarist Nature". All confiscated literature was reduced to pulp instead of burning. It was also directed by Directive No. 30, "Liquidation of German Military and Nazi Memorials and Museums." An exception was made for tombstones "erected at the places where members of regular formations died on the field of battle."
As regards art, in the U.S. zone it was just as censored as all other media; "all collections of works of art related or dedicated to the perpetuation of German militarism or Nazism will be closed permanently and taken into custody.". The directives were very broadly interpreted, leading to the destruction of thousands of paintings and thousands more were shipped to deposits in the U.S. Those confiscated paintings still surviving in U.S. custody include for example a painting "depicting a couple of middle aged women talking in a sunlit street in a small town"Cultural Policy Program Artists were also restricted in which new art they were allowed to create; "OMGUS was setting explicit political limits on art and representation".Cultural Policy Program
The publication "Der Ruf" ("The Call") was a popular literary magazine first published in 1945 by Alfred Andersch and edited by Hans Werner Richter. "Der Ruf", also called "Independent Pages of the New Generation", claimed to have the aim of educating the German people about democracy. In 1947 its publication was blocked by the American forces for being overly critical of occupational government. Richter attempted to print many of the controversial pieces in a volume entitled "Der Skorpion" ("The Scorpion"). The occupational government blocked publication of "Der Skorpion" before it began, saying that the volume was too "nihilistic".
Publication of "Der Ruf" resumed in 1948 under a new publisher, but "Der Skorpion" was blocked and not widely distributed. Unable to publish his works, Richter founded Group 47.
The Allied costs for occupation were charged to the German people. The newspaper that revealed that the charges included for example the cost for thirty thousand bras was banned by the occupation authorities for revealing this.
Constitutional protections.
In May 1949, the German Grundgesetz, the new constitution, was passed and control of West Germany passed officially into German hands. Freedom of expression is granted by Article 5, with certain limits:
Main laws.
The most important and sometimes controversial regulations limiting freedom of speech and freedom of the press can be found in the Criminal code:
Outdoor assemblies need no permit, but (generally) prior announcement to authorities. Assemblies can be banned, on a case-by-case basis, at memorial sites or if they endanger public security or order. The right can be ruled forfeit if used to combat the liberal democratic order; parties and other organisations that are banned do not enjoy it. The Love Parade decision (1 BvQ 28/01 and 1 BvQ 30/01 of 12 July 2001) determined that for an assembly to be protected it must comply with the concept of a constituent assembly, or the so-called narrow concept of assembly whereby the participants in the assembly must pursue a common purpose that is in the common interest.
Index of Harmful Materials.
Provision 2 of Article 5 of the Basic Law enabled the creation of the Bundesprüfstelle für jugendgefährdende Medien, or the Federal Examination Department for Media Harmful to Young Persons. The Department is responsible for maintaining the Index of Harmful Materials. Materials on the Index are severely restricted in their sale and distribution: they cannot be sold by mail, and many materials can only be sold "under the counter". While their advertisement and marketing is censored in general, these publications themselves are not.
Items on the index include pornography, graphic media which glorify war and violence, materials considered to be anti-constitutional (such as the writings of the Red Army Faction), and material likely or intended to induce hate.
This has resulted in Germany being known for unnecessary censorship of video games and animation. In games like "Soldier of Fortune", "Half-Life", "Team Fortress" and ' characters were turned into robots while in ' the portraits of the Generals which are photos of real actors were turned into robots and a suicide bombing unit was turned into a bomb on wheels. While others such as "Grand Theft Auto" has removed bleeding and removed other gameplay modes.
Material that is considered unconstitutional is also dealt with by the Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz (Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution) and may be brought to trial in court. The Verfassungsschutz often operates via "V-Männer" (colloq. shorthand for "Verbindungsmänner", lit. "connection men" - recruited members of unconstitutional groupings working under cover for the state) who keep track of and counter unconstitutional political movements and their projects.
This concept of "streitbare Demokratie" (self-defending democracy) was developed as a late response especially to the rise of the NSDAP, but also KPD, that turned the democratic Weimar Republic into the Nazi regime.
Anti-constitutional activity.
German protections for freedom of ideas and expression are superseded by various provisions against "anti-constitutional" ("verfassungsfeindlich") politics. In practice the ban on "anti-constitutional" politics targets two main categories, Nazism (including Neo-Nazism) and Communism. In the "Annual Report on the Protection of the Constitution" these categories are discussed in the main chapters on right-wing extremism and left-wing extremism, respectively. Additionally Scientology and some other groups are included as "anti-constitutional."
Communism.
During the Cold War the main emphasis in the Federal Republic of Germany's struggle against "anti-constitutional" activities was placed on communist subversion; most importantly it led to the 1956 ban of the Communist Party of Germany as anti-constitutional, and the ban or surveillance of several other communist or far-left organizations. A number of far-left organizations and their publications are monitored by the Federal Office for Protection of the Constitution as "anti-constitutional." Furthermore the flag and other symbols of the German Democratic Republic with hammer and sickle were banned as anti-constitutional; in the Federal Republic of Germany the GDR flag was regarded as a secessionist flag.
National Socialism and Holocaust denial.
National Socialist parties.
National Socialism is banned outright in Germany as anti-constitutional; it is illegal to found or belong to a Nazi party. Any party considered to be National Socialist can be banned by the Bundesverfassungsgericht, Germany's highest court. Likewise, publications in support of such groups are automatically placed on the Index, and some may be banned altogether.
Materials which express sympathy with National Socialism, however, are a more complicated matter. Ordinarily the printing of these materials does not constitute membership of a National Socialist organization and is therefore allowed. These materials are almost always placed on the Index.
Criminal law also proscribes symbols that are strongly identified with the Nazi Party (such as the Swastika) or that are symbols used often by neo-Nazi successor organizations or racist organizations in general.
There is a debate about whether the German NPD is National Socialist and there have been attempts to ban it.
"Mein Kampf".
Printing and public distribution of Hitler's book "Mein Kampf" was not allowed by the copyright holder, the state of Bavaria, which acquired the copyright after Hitler's death in 1945 since it was the location of his official residence. The copyright expired at the end of 2015. Private ownership and trade is allowed so long as it does not "promote hatred or war". The lesser-known "Second Book" is legal to print and trade, but it appears on the Index.
Holocaust denial.
Holocaust denial is a crime in Germany. § 130(3) of the StGB (German penal code) reads:
Perpetrators of Holocaust denial can be tried in absentia and declared "persona non grata", thus being barred from entering the country. Extradition treaties as relate to Holocaust denial are subject to political asylum pleas, but a "persona non grata" who enters Germany can be immediately arrested. Furthermore, a German arrest warrant based on the offense of Holocaust denial is deemed executable in many EU states, thus, a Holocaust denier's entry into any EU state could lead to arrest and extradition to Germany (or any other state where such denial is an offense, such as Austria, and which has issued an arrest warrant).
Among those who have been charged with Holocaust denial in Germany are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="7037067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037067" title="Greenham Lock">
Greenham Lock

Greenham Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Newbury, Berkshire, England.
Greenham Lock was built between 1718 and 1723 under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury. The canal is administered by the Canal &amp; River Trust. The lock has a rise/fall of 8 ft 11 in (2.72 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7037068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037068" title="Thomas Tate Tobin">
Thomas Tate Tobin

Thomas Tate Tobin (May 1, 1823 – May 15, 1904) was an American adventurer, tracker, trapper, mountain man, guide, US Army scout, and occasional bounty hunter. Tobin explored much of southern Colorado, including the Pueblo area. He associated with men such as Kit Carson, "Uncle Dick" Wootton, Ceran St. Vrain, Charley Bent, John C. Fremont, "Wild Bill" Hickok, William F. Cody, and the Shoup brothers. Tobin was one of only two men to escape alive from the siege of Turley's Mill and Distillery during the Taos Revolt. In later years he was sent by the Army to track down and kill the notorious Felipe Espinosa and his nephew; Tobin returned to Ft. Garland with their heads in a sack.
Biography.
Thomas Tate Tobin was born in St. Louis, Missouri, on May 1, 1823, to Bartholomew Tobin, an Irish immigrant, and Sarah Autobees. Sarah, believed to have been a Lenape, had been widowed before marrying Tobin. She brought her son Charles Autobees (later Autobee) into the marriage. A year later, the couple had a daughter Catherine together.
Early life.
In 1828, Charles Autobees, then 16 years old, went west to work as a beaver trapper. He returned to St. Louis in 1837. That year, his half-brother Tom Tobin, then 14 years old, left with Charles and his colleague Ceran St. Vrain to return to Taos. Tom worked as a trapper and scout at Bent's Fort and in Taos. Along with his brother, Tobin worked at Simeon Turley's store, mill, and distillery at Arroyo Hondo. He accompanied his brother Charles on trips to deliver supplies and whiskey to trappers in trade for furs. The men took the pelts to St. Louis to trade for more supplies for Turley's store. Autobees and Tobin made regular stops in places such as Fort Jackson, Fort Lupton, Bent's Fort, and El Pueblo.
Marriage and family.
By 1846, Tom had married Pascuala Bernal. They lived in Arroyo Hondo, near Taos. He continued working for Turley, and delivered dispatches to Fort Leavenworth for Gen. Stephen Kearny.
The Taos Revolt.
On the morning of January 19, 1847, insurrectionists opposed to American rule began a revolt in Don Fernando de Taos (present-day Taos, New Mexico). They were led by Pablo Montoya, a Mexican, and Tomás Romero, a Pueblo also known as "Tomasito" (Little Tomas).
The Pueblo, led by Romero, went to the home of Governor Charles Bent, broke down the door, shot Bent several times with arrows, and scalped him in front of his wife and children. They murdered and scalped several other government officials. Among them were Stephen Lee, acting county sheriff; Cornelio Vigil, prefect and probate judge; and J.W. Leal, circuit attorney.
The next day a large force of approximately 500 Mexicans and Pueblo attacked and laid siege to Simeon Turley's Mill and Distillery, where Autobees and Tobin were working. Seeing the crowd approach, Autobees rode to Santa Fe to inform the occupying American forces about the revolt and to try to get help, leaving eight to ten mountain men, including his brother Tom, to defend the mill. After a day-long battle, only two of the men, Johnny Albert and Tobin, survived; they escaped the burning mill separately on foot during the confusion of night fighting.
After his escape, Tobin and Autobees served as scouts for a company led by Capt. Ceran St. Vrain, to find and capture the insurrectionists. Those perpetrators who were not killed in battle were tried and mostly hanged. Romero was assassinated while in jail by a US dragoon, John Fitzgerald.
Scout, guide, Indian fighter.
In 1847, Tobin farmed on land bordering the San Carlos River southeast of El Pueblo, selling his crops to Lt. Col. William Gilpin, who was camped with his troops near Bent's Fort. The next year, Gilpin asked Tobin to scout for him during a planned spring campaign against the Indians. Gilpin asked Tobin to serve as a courier, carrying dispatches from the Canadian River valley of Oklahoma to Bent's Fort.
Just before the Civil War, Maj. B.L. Beall hired Tobin as a scout to guide an expedition to find a railroad route to California. Beall described Tobin as "having a reputation almost equal to Kit Carson's for bravery, dexterity with his rifle, and skill in mountain life."
In November 1868, Gen. Penrose appointed Tobin as chief scout on an Indian-hunting campaign. Other scouts hired were Tobin's half-brother Charles Autobee, and "Wild Bill" Hickok.
Felipe Espinosa.
In the early 1860s Felipe Espinosa (along with two cousins) moved to the San Luis Valley from New Mexico. The Espinosas went on a killing spree beginning in 1863, murdering more than 30 Anglos in the area in retaliation for relatives killed in the Mexican–American War. A detachment of soldiers from Ft. Garland, as well as several posses, attempted to capture the brothers, but succeeded only in killing one brother, who was quickly replaced by a cousin. Eventually, Colonel Sam Tappan, the commanding officer of Ft. Garland, requested Tobin's help in bringing Espinosas' reign of terror to an end. He provided Tobin with a detachment of fifteen soldiers, but Tobin left them at camp, as they made too much noise on the trail. Tobin tracked the Espinosas to a camp and shot them. He cut off their heads and carried them in a sack back to Ft. Garland as proof of his success. When asked by Tappan how his trip had gone, Tobin reportedly replied, "So-so", then rolled the heads out of the sack and across the floor. The government had posted a reward for several thousand dollars (Dead or Alive) for the Espinosas, but Tobin never collected the full amount. The governor of Colorado gave him a coat like Kit Carson's and the Army gave him a Henry rifle.
Billy Carson.
In 1878, Tobin's daughter Pasqualia married William (Billy) Carson, a son of Kit Carson. Some years later, Tobin tried to stab Carson for abusing Pasqualia; the younger man hit Tobin in the head with a sledge hammer and shot him in the side. Tobin and his son-in-law apparently reconciled a few days later, but Tobin never fully recovered from the shooting. He did outlive Billy Carson, however.

</doc>
<doc id="7037070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037070" title="Lodi High School (New Jersey)">
Lodi High School (New Jersey)

Lodi High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Lodi, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the Lodi Public Schools. The school is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools, with accreditation expiring in January 2030.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 925 students and 64.3 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.4:1. There were 385 students (41.6% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 137 (14.8% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
Students from East Paterson (since renamed as Elmwood Park) had been sent to Lodi High School under a sending/receiving relationship until 1953 and then were shifted to East Rutherford High School starting in 1954 due to lack of capacity at the Lodi school, staying there until Elmwood Park Memorial High School opened in 1957. High School students from Little Ferry had attended the school until the 1953-54 school year, when the Little Ferry Public Schools shifted its students to Ridgefield Park High School. Students in ninth through twelfth grades from Saddle Brook had attended Lodi High School as part of a sending/receiving relationship until the new Saddle Brook High School opened in September 1958 for grades 7-10, with those in eleventh and twelfth grades continuing in Lodi until their graduation.
The school had also served students from Wallington, New Jersey. After the current Lodi High School was completed for the 1973-74 school year, the former high school building was repurposed as Thomas Jefferson Middle School.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 278th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 286th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 240th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 219th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 199th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Athletics.
The Lodi High School Rams participate in the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference, which is comprised of small-enrollment schools in Bergen, Hudson, Morris and Passaic counties, and was created following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). With 646 students in grades 10–12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group II for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 486 to 758 students in that grade range. Prior to realignment that took effect in the fall of 2010, Lodi High School was a member of the smaller Bergen-Passaic Scholastic League (BPSL). The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group II North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 484 to 683 students.
The 1939 boys' basketball team won the Group III state championship with a 26–20 victory against South River High School in the final game of the playoff tournament.
The football team won the North I Group II state sectional championship in 1992 and 1998 and the North II Group II title in 2005. The 1992 team finished the season with a record of 11-0 after winning the North I Group II sectional title with a 7–6 win against two-time defending-champion Lenape Valley Regional High School in the championship game. The team won the North II Group II state sectional championship in 2005, defeating Chatham High School 21–7 in the tournament final.
The baseball team won the North I Group II sectional championship in 2003.
The girls' volleyball team qualified for the state tournament in both 2006 and 2007, falling in the tournament's first round both years.
Jerry Rinaldi was state wrestling champion (189 lb) in 2003. Keith Dobish was the wrestling state champion (189 lb) in 2006.
Administration.
The school's acting principal is Edward Bertolini. His core administrative team includes the vice principal.

</doc>
<doc id="7037074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037074" title="Rapido (Transformers)">
Rapido (Transformers)



</doc>
<doc id="7037082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037082" title="Ham Lock">
Ham Lock

Ham Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Newbury, Berkshire, England.
Ham Lock was built between 1718 and 1723 under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury. The canal is administered by the Canal &amp; River Trust. The lock has a rise/fall of 4 ft 2 in (1.27 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7037083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037083" title="2006 Berlin state election">
2006 Berlin state election

The 2006 Berlin state election was held on 17 September 2006 to elect the members of the 16th Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin. The incumbent government of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) and Party of Democratic Socialism (PDS) narrowly retained a majority, though PDS suffered major losses. Mayor Klaus Wowereit continued in office.
Parties.
The table below lists parties represented in the previous, 15th Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="7037085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037085" title="Virginia State Highway 249">
Virginia State Highway 249



</doc>
<doc id="7037100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037100" title="Siege of Rhodes (1522)">
Siege of Rhodes (1522)

The siege of Rhodes of 1522 was the second and ultimately successful attempt by the Ottoman Empire to expel the Knights of Rhodes from their island stronghold and thereby secure Ottoman control of the Eastern Mediterranean. The first siege in 1480 had been unsuccessful. Despite very strong defenses, the walls were demolished over the course of six months by Turkish artillery and mines.
Setting.
The Knights of St. John, or Knights Hospitallers, had captured Rhodes in the early 14th century after the loss in 1291 of Acre, the last Crusader stronghold in Palestine. From Rhodes, they became an active part of the trade in the Aegean Sea, and at times harassed Turkish shipping in the Levant to secure control over the eastern Mediterranean. A first effort by the Ottomans to capture the island was repulsed by the order in 1480, but the continuing presence of the knights just off the southern coast of Anatolia was a major obstacle to Ottoman expansion. An earthquake shook the island in 1481.
After the siege and earthquake, the fortress was greatly strengthened against artillery according to the new school of "trace italienne". In the most exposed land-facing sectors, the improvements included a thickening of the main wall, doubling of the width of the dry ditch, coupled with a transformation of the old counterscarp into massive outworks (tenailles), the construction of bulwarks around most towers, and caponiers enfilading the ditch. Gates were reduced in number, and the old battlement parapets were replaced with slanting ones suitable for artillery fights. A team of masons, labourers, and slaves did the construction work, with the Muslim slaves charged with the hardest labour.
In 1521, Philippe Villiers de L'Isle-Adam was elected grand master of the order. Expecting a new Ottoman attack on Rhodes, he continued to strengthen the city's fortifications, and called upon the order's knights elsewhere in Europe to come to the island's defence. The rest of Europe ignored his request for assistance, but Sir John Rawson, prior of the order's Irish House, came alone. The city was protected by two and, in some places three, rings of stone walls and several large bastions. The defence was assigned in sections to the different "Langues". The harbour entrance was blocked by a heavy iron chain, behind which the order's fleet was anchored.
The sultan, Suleiman, was convinced to attack Rhodes by Piri Mehmed Pasha. Piri, Çoban and Kurtoğlu participated in the divan meetings, and Piri urged the Sultan to hurry to Rhodes. He then went to war with the Sultan.
Invasion.
When the Turkish invasion force of 400 ships arrived on Rhodes on 26 June 1522, they were commanded by Çoban Mustafa Pasha. Suleiman himself arrived with the army of 100,000 men on 28 July to take personal charge.
The Turks blockaded the harbour and bombarded the town with field artillery from the land side, followed by almost daily infantry attacks. They also sought to undermine the fortifications through tunnels and mines. The artillery fire was slow in inflicting serious damage to the massive walls, but after five weeks, on 4 September, two large gunpowder mines exploded under the bastion of England, causing a portion of the wall to fall into the moat. The attackers immediately assaulted this breach and soon gained control of it, but a counterattack by the English brothers under Fra' Nicholas Hussey and Grand Master Villiers de L'Isle-Adam succeeded in driving them back. Twice more the Turks assaulted the breach that day, but the English and German brothers held the gap.
On 24 September, Mustafa Pasha ordered a massive assault upon the bastions of Spain, England, Provence, and Italy. After a day of furious fighting, during which the bastion of Spain changed hands twice, Suleiman eventually called off the attack. He sentenced Mustafa Pasha, his brother-in-law, to death for his failure to take the city, but eventually spared his life after the pleas of other senior officials. Mustafa's replacement, Ahmed Pasha, was an experienced siege engineer, and the Turks now focused their efforts on undermining the ramparts and blowing them up with mines while maintaining their continuous artillery barrages. The regularity of the locations where the mines were detonated under the walls (which generally rest on rock) has led to the suggestion that the Turkish miners may have taken advantage of ancient culverts of the Hellenistic city buried beneath the medieval city of Rhodes.
Another major assault at the end of November was repelled, but both sides were now exhausted—the knights were reaching the end of their strength with no relief forces expected, while the Turkish troops were increasingly demoralized and depleted by combat fatalities and disease in their camps. Suleiman offered the defenders peace, their lives, and food if they surrendered, but death or slavery if the Turks were compelled to take the city by force. Pressed by the townspeople, Villiers de L'Isle-Adam agreed to negotiate. A truce was declared for 11–13 December to allow negotiations, but when the locals demanded further assurances for their safety, Suleiman was angered and ordered the bombardment and assaults to resume. The bastion of Spain fell on 17 December. With most of the walls now destroyed, it was only a matter of time before the city was forced to surrender. On 20 December, after several days of pressure from the townspeople, the Grand Master asked for a fresh truce.
End.
On 22 December, the representatives of the city's Latin and Greek inhabitants accepted Suleiman's terms, which were generous. The knights were given twelve days to leave the island and would be allowed to take their weapons, valuables, and religious icons. Islanders who wished to leave could do so at any time within a three-year period. No church would be desecrated or turned into a mosque. Those remaining on the island would be free of Ottoman taxation for five years.
On 1 January 1523, the remaining knights and soldiers marched out of the town, with banners flying, drums beating, and in battle armour. They boarded the 50 ships which had been made available to them and sailed to Crete (a Venetian possession), accompanied by several thousand civilians.
Aftermath.
The siege of Rhodes ended with an Ottoman victory. The conquest of Rhodes was a major step towards Ottoman control over the eastern Mediterranean and greatly eased their maritime communications between Constantinople and Cairo and the Levantine ports. Later, in 1669, from this base Ottoman Turks captured Venetian Crete.
The Knights Hospitaller initially moved to Sicily, but, in 1530, were granted by Emperor Charles V the islands of Malta, Gozo, and the North African port city of Tripoli, following an agreement with Pope Clement VII, himself a knight.
In 1523, the Ottomans resettled 150 Jewish families from Thessaloniki in Rhodes.
Piri Mehmed Pasha played an important role in the expedition. However, upon his return to Istanbul he faced accusations of bribery relating to an alleged previous incident in Egypt, possibly fabricated by his rival Ahmed Pasha, who sought to strip him of his title of grand vizier.

</doc>
<doc id="7037101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037101" title="Marie Matthews">
Marie Matthews



</doc>
<doc id="7037103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037103" title="Bull's Lock">
Bull's Lock

Bull's Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Newbury, Berkshire, England.
Bull's Lock was built between 1718 and 1723 under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury. The canal is administered by the Canal &amp; River Trust. The lock has a rise/fall of 5 ft 9 in (1.75 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7037104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037104" title="David Hayes (soccer)">
David Hayes (soccer)

David Hayes (born May 24, 1976, in Waldorf, Maryland) is an American soccer player who most recently played for FC Tampa Bay in the North American Soccer League.
Hayes began his professional career in Major League Soccer with D.C. United. His tenure at the highest level was short-lived, as he primarily served as a substitute, and was subsequently loaned out most of the time to the United Soccer Leagues. Hayes' career rejuvenated when he stayed permanently at the USL First Division, particularly with Atlanta Silverbacks and Portland Timbers.
His achievements included winning the Commissioner's Cup, earning the "Defender of the Year award", and receiving All-League honors for three consecutive years. In February 2010 he was ranked 13th in the USL First Division Top 25 of the Decade, which announced a list of the best and most influential players of the previous decade.
Playing career.
College.
Hayes attended Charles County Community College, playing on the men's football (soccer) team in 1995 and 1996. Hayes was the team captain of the team which went to the national post-season tournament both seasons. He was selected as a 1995 and 1996 first team All American and set the national scoring record in 1996 with 53 goals, and finished his career there with 104 goals. In 1997, he transferred to NCAA Division II Wingate University where he scored 59 goals in two seasons. He was a 1997 second team and 1998 first team All American.
Professional.
In February 1999, D.C. United selected Hayes in the 3rd round (28th overall) of the 1999 MLS College Draft. He played five games with United in 1999 as well as appearing with MLS Pro-40. In 2000, he played 10 games with United and also went on loan with the Hampton Roads Mariners of USL A-League before placing him on waivers on November 1, 2000.
Chicago Fire signed Hayes for the 2001 season, but sent him on loan to Milwaukee Rampage of the USL A-League. In June, Chicago called him up to the first team. He played two games as a late sub, earned his only start with the Fire on June 30, 2001. He scored a goal, but never played another game with the Fire. During his loan spell at Milwaukee, Hayes managed to score six goals and record six assists that led the Rampage to the semi-finals of the playoff stages, where along the way the club eliminated the regular-season champions Richmond Kickers from the post season. In 2002, he spent the season on loan with the Richmond Kickers, where he managed to achieve a career high with eight goals throughout the 2002 campaign. The Kickers went to the 2002 Finals, but ironically fell 2–1 to his former club the Milwaukee Rampage. On December 17, 2002, the Kickers traded Hayes to the Rochester Rhinos in exchange for Greg Simmonds. On March 29, 2004, he returned to the Kickers.
In 2005, he signed with Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division. In 2007, Hayes guided the Silverbacks to a successful season where he contributed by registering seven goals and four assists. His efforts helped Atlanta reach the post season for the first time since 2002, and earned himself an All-League First Team selection and was named the USL-1 Defender of the Year. During the club's playoff round, Hayes helped Atlanta reach the playoff finals for the second time in the club's history, but unfortunately they were defeated by regular-season champions the Seattle Sounders by a score of 4–0. In 2008, Hayes was announced to his second straight All-League selection, despite a disappointing season, and named to the team of the week three times. In 2009, the Silverbacks withdrew from the league for the 2009 season.
On January 21, 2009, Hayes was named the head coach of the Atlanta Silverbacks Women. Within a month he resigned from his managerial position without managing a single match for the club.
On February 26, 2009, Hayes signed a one-year contract with Portland Timbers. He played 30 games and scored twice for Portland in 2009, helping the team to post the best defensive record of the season by only conceding 19 goals. He played in all 30 games and finished the season with the second most minutes played in the league behind Jay Nolly. He led the Timbers in achieving a league-record 24-game unbeaten streak, and helped clinch the USL1 Regular Season title. On September 30, 2009, Hayes received his third consecutive All-League honor, by being selected once more to the All-League First Team. On December 7, 2009, Portland announced the release of Hayes from his contract.
He signed for Carolina RailHawks on May 12, 2010., and on February 15, 2011, Hayes was named as a player-assistant coach for FC Tampa Bay of the North American Soccer League.
Tampa Bay declined the 2012 contract option for Hayes, including the coaching option, on January 31, 2012.
In 2017, Hayes joined Here for Beer of the Beaches Adult Soccer League.
Honors.
Individual.
Here For Beer

</doc>
<doc id="7037105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037105" title="German Army Air Service">
German Army Air Service



</doc>
<doc id="7037109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037109" title="Imperial German Army Air Service">
Imperial German Army Air Service



</doc>
<doc id="7037111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037111" title="Teixeira (surname)">
Teixeira (surname)



</doc>
<doc id="7037115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037115" title="Krotoa">
Krotoa

The "!Oroǀõas" ("Ward-girl"), spelled in Dutch as Krotoa or Kroket, otherwise known by her Christian name Eva (c. 1643 – 29 July 1674), was a !Uriǁ'aeǀona translator who worked for the Vereenigde Oostindische Compagnie (VOC) during the founding of the Cape Colony.
Her name appears in the journals of the United East India Company (VOC) from as early as 1652. She was the first woman mentioned by her Khoi name in early European records of the settlement at ǁHuiǃgaeb (Cape Town).
Name.
The name "Krotoa" or "Kroket" was most likely not a name, but a Dutch spelling of the designation !Oroǀõas (Khoekhoegowab spelling: !Goroǀgôas), referring to the fact that she was put under guardianship, either of her uncle Autshumato (also known as Kx'aothumathub) or of Jan van Riebeeck and Maria van Riebeeck. Her actual birth name is unknown.
Biography.
Early life.
Krotoa was born in 1643 as a member of the !Uriǁ’aeǀona (Strandlopers) people. She was the niece of Autshumao, a Khoi chieftain, who had grown wealthy as a trader. At the age of twelve, she was taken to work in the household of Jan van Riebeeck, the first governor of the Cape colony. As a teenager, she learned Dutch and Portuguese and, like her uncle, worked as an interpreter for the Dutch who wanted to trade goods for cattle. Krotoa received goods such as tobacco, brandy, bread, beads, copper, and iron for her services. In exchange, when she visited her family, her Dutch masters expected her to return with cattle, horses, seed pearls, amber, tusks, and hides. Unlike her uncle, however, Krotoa was able to obtain a higher position within the Dutch hierarchy, as she additionally served as a trading agent and ambassador for a high-ranking chief and peace negotiator in times of war. Her story exemplifies the initial dependency of the Dutch newcomers on the natives, who were able to provide reasonably reliable information about the local inhabitants.
The initial arrival of the Dutch in April 1652 was not viewed as negative. Many Khoi people saw their arrival as an opportunity for personal gain as middlemen in the livestock trade; others saw them as potential allies against preexisting enemies. At the peak of her career as an interpreter, Krotoa held the belief that Dutch presence could bring benefits for both sides.
There are multiple accounts of how Krotoa came to work in the household of Jan van Riebeeck. One account says the Dutch forcefully kidnapped the child as a !Oroǀõas, although no hard evidence confirms this account. She was taken in as a companion and as a servant to van Riebeeck's wife and children. However, many authors and historians speculate that she most likely lived in a happy space, based on the fondness van Riebeek showed for her in his journals. Circumstantial evidence supports the theory that at the time of the Dutch arrival, the girl was living with her uncle Autshumato (also known as Harry by the Dutch), the circumstantial evidence being that she showed consistent hostility to the !Uriǁ’aekua and, by association, to her mother, who lived with them. In contrast, Krotoa's fate and fortunes were closely aligned to those of her uncle Autshumato and his clan known as the !Uriǁ'aeǀona. The ǃUriǁ'aeǀona people, who were sedentary, non-pastoral hunter-gatherers, are believed to be one of the first clans to make acquaintance with the Dutch people. Before the Dutch's arrival, Autshumato served as a postal agent for passing ships of several countries. 
It is believed that the birth of the first baby of chaplain/sick healer Willem Barentssen Wijlant and his wife, coupled with the rapid spreading of a virulent disease in the settlement, sparked the initial negotiations to obtain services from a local girl. As Autshumato had a long history of working for Europeans, it is believed that the VOC first turned to Autshumato for negotiations. It is quite possible that Autshumato offered up his niece for servitude to better his standing with the VOC.
Baptism and marriage.
On 3 May 1662 she was baptized by a visiting minister, Petrus Sibelius, in the church inside the Fort de Goede Hoop. The witnesses were Roelof de Man and Pieter van der Stael. On 26 April 1664 she married a Danish surgeon by the name of Peter Havgard, whom the Dutch called Pieter van Meerhof. She was thereafter known as Eva van Meerhof She was the first Khoikoi to marry according to Christian customs. There was a little party in the house of Zacharias Wagenaer.
In May 1665, they left to the Cape and went to Robben Island, where van Meerhof was appointed superintendent. The family briefly returned to the mainland in 1666 after the birth of Eva's third child, in order to baptise the baby. Van Meerhof was murdered in Madagascar on 27 February 1668 on an expedition.
After the death of her husband came the appointment of a new governor, Zacharias Wagenaer. Wagenaer held deeply racist views of the Khosian people, and as Dutch settlement grew more secure in the region, Krotoa's skills as a translator were no longer needed.
Later years in exile.
Krotoa returned to the mainland on 30 September 1668 with her three children. Suffering from alcoholism, she left the Castle in the settlement to be with her family in their kraals. In February 1669, she was imprisoned unjustly for immoral behavior at the Castle and then banished to Robben Island. This was likely the result of the strict anti-alcohol laws the VOC had passed to govern the local population after they introduced higher proof European liquors. One of van Riebeeck's nieces, Elizabeth van Opdorp, adopted Krotoa's children after she was banished. She returned to the mainland on many occasions, only to find herself once more banished to Robben Island. In May 1673, she was allowed to baptise a child on the mainland. Three of her children survived. She died on 29 July 1674 in the Cape and was buried on 30 September 1674 in the Castle in the Fort. However, roughly a hundred years later, her bones were removed to an unmarked grave.
Legacy.
Pieternella and Salamon, Krotoa's two youngest children from her marriage to van Meerhof, were taken to Mauritius in 1677. Pieternella, who was known as Pieternella Meerhof or Pieternella van die Kaap, later married Daniel Zaaijman, a VOC vegetable farmer from Vlissingen. They had four sons and four daughters, one of whom was named Eva, and the family moved back to the Cape in 1706. Their granddaughter, Engela Catharina Zaaijman, married Abraham Peltzer Jr, son of Abraham Peltzer Sr, a VOC soldier from Hamburg, Germany and Elizabeth van den Berg.
Krotoa's descendants would later include the Peltzers, the Steenkamps and other families.
After her death, Krotoa's story would not be deeply explored for nearly two and a half centuries. Instead, attention was mostly put on white European women who came to South Africa on missionary expeditions. It was not until after the 1920s that her story become a part of South African history.
In 2016, on the anniversary of the 350th commemoration of the Castle, descendants of Krotoa conducted a ceremony to return her spirit to the Castle in the Fort.
In 2019, the exoplanet WASP-62b was officially named Krotoa as a part of 2019 NameExoWorlds.
On 20 May 2023, Stellenbosch University renamed the RW Wilcocks building to Krotoa as part of the institution’s commitment to inclusivity.
Cultural references.
The novel "Eilande" by Dan Sleigh (1938), translated from Afrikaans by André Brink (in Dutch: 'Stemmen uit zee'/in English: 'Islands'), describes the lives of Krotoa and her daughter Pieternella from the viewpoints of seven men who knew them.
As late as 1983, under the name of Eva, she was still known in South Africa as a caution against miscegenation.
In 1990, South African poet and author Karen Press wrote a poem entitled "Krotoa's Story" that attempted to reimagine Krotoa's life, emotions, and conflicting desires partly from her perspective. The poem was based on an earlier children's story by Press entitled "Krotoa", which was created as part of an educational initiative by the South African Council for Higher Education designed to inform schoolchildren about colonization from the perspective of indigenous South Africans.
In 1995, South African performer Antoinette Pienaar created a one-woman play entitled "Krotoa". The work was first performed at the Little Karoo National Arts Festival, where it was awarded the “Herrie” prize. The play is unique in its depiction and memorialization of Krotoa as a mother of the nation, a characterization which had been previously rejected by white South Africans.
In 2000 Dalene Matthee wrote a novel, "Pieternella van die Kaap", based on her thorough research of diaries and documents on Eva Krotoa and Pieternella van Meerhoff in archives and museums as well as consulting Drs. Dan Sleigh and Helena Scheffler.
In her 2005 essay "Malintzin, Pocahontas, and Krotoa: Indigenous Women and Myth Models of the Atlantic World", Professor Pamela Scully compared Krotoa to Malintzin and Pocahontas, two other women of the same time period that were born in different areas of the world (Malintzin in Mesoamerica, Pocahontas in colonial Virginia). Scully argues that all three of these women had very similar experiences in the colonialist system despite being born in different regions. She argues that Krotoa's life helps demonstrate the significance of indigenous women in the founding of the Atlantic World. Scully also argues that the lives of Krotoa, Pocahontas and Malintzin show the universality of the way that indigenous people were treated in emerging colonial systems, as well as the way their experiences have been flattened by colonial origin narratives.
In 2017 a dramatic feature film directed by Roberta Durrant about Krotoa's life, titled "Krotoa", was released in South Africa to mediocre success.

</doc>
<doc id="7037120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037120" title="Widmead Lock">
Widmead Lock

Widmead Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, between Newbury and Thatcham, Berkshire, England.
Widmead Lock was built between 1718 and 1723 under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury. The canal is administered by the Canal &amp; River Trust. The lock has a rise/fall of 3 ft 7 in (1.09 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7037125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037125" title="Palei-Aike Volcanic Field">
Palei-Aike Volcanic Field



</doc>
<doc id="7037130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037130" title="Andrei Boncea">
Andrei Boncea

Andrei Boncea (born 6 February 1972 in Șuici) is a Romanian film producer. Boncea is the co-founder of the Romanian film production company Frame Film and the theatre company Wonder Theatre. He served as Vice-President of Content of CME/Central European Media Enterprises and Head of Media Pro Entertainment between 2008 and 2014. From 1998 to 2007 he served as General Director of MediaPro Pictures, one of the leading film and television studios in Eastern Europe.
Producing work.
He was a producer for "Amen.", directed by Costa Gavras, "Callas Forever", directed by Franco Zeffirelli, "Modigliani", directed by Mick Davis, starring Andy García, and 2006 Academy Award nominee for Foreign Film "Merry Christmas", directed by Christian Carion. He has also produced Romanian films such as "Furia", directed by Radu Muntean, and "California Dreamin"', directed by Cristian Nemescu, and television series for Romanian TV channels PRO TV and Acasă TV.
He recently served as executive producer for "The Protégé", directed by Martin Campbell, starring Michael Keaton, Maggie Q, and Samuel Jackson.
Personal life.
For 22 years, Boncea was married to singer Loredana Groza. They have a daughter, Elena.

</doc>
<doc id="7037143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037143" title="Monkey Marsh Lock">
Monkey Marsh Lock

Monkey Marsh Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Thatcham, Berkshire, England.
Monkey Marsh Lock was built between 1718 and 1723 under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury. The canal is administered by Canal &amp; River Trust. The lock has a rise/fall of 8 ft 8 in (2.64 m).
One of only two remaining working examples of turf sided locks on the canal (the other being Garston Lock) of more than a dozen originally, Monkey Marsh Lock is listed as an ancient monument by English Heritage

</doc>
<doc id="7037153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037153" title="Prototype.js">
Prototype.js



</doc>
<doc id="7037159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037159" title="Colthrop Lock">
Colthrop Lock

Colthrop Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Thatcham, Berkshire, England.
Colthrop Lock was built between 1718 and 1723 under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury. The canal is administered by the Canal &amp; River Trust. The lock has a rise/fall of 7 ft 7 in (2.31 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7037161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037161" title="State of Tibet">
State of Tibet



</doc>
<doc id="7037167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037167" title="Algol (film)">
Algol (film)

Algol: Tragedy of Power () is a 1920 German science fiction film about an alien from the star Algol.
Plot.
The story follows the life of Robert Herne, who works in a coal mine, and his friendship with Maria Obal. While working in the mine, he encounters an inhabitant of a planet of the star Algol who gives him a prototype machine which can provide a virtually unlimited source of power. Over the next year, Herne sets up a factory providing energy; however, instead of simply relieving workers of the difficult job of mining, the device creates massive economic upheaval throughout the world.
Over the next 20 years, Herne continues to increase his power and influence, but he has lost touch with Maria who now lives in the one part of the world to which his influence does not extend. The film follows the machinations of Herne's son Reginald and his – ultimately unsuccessful – attempt at a coup, aiming to seize the secrets of the machine for himself. Meanwhile, Maria has had a son who travels to meet Herne to ask for his assistance: his country's coal reserves have expired. Herne initially refuses assistance; Maria visits him to ask in person. He comes to realise the extent to which he has been corrupted by power. In a moment of realisation, Herne destroys the machine, thereby preventing his son from taking control after his death.
Production background.
The film was directed by Hans Werckmeister and stars Emil Jannings and John Gottowt. The story centers on a human who is given a machine by an alien spirit which, if used, would allow him to rule the world. The sets for the movie were constructed by Walter Reimann, one of the set designers of "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" (released February 1920).
The film was produced by the Deutsche Lichtbild-Gesellschaft (German Light Play Company) in Berlin and was distributed by Universum Film AG (UFA). Its first release was on 3 September 1920 in Berlin, and was subsequently released worldwide including a launch in Finland on 7 November 1921.
Preservation status.
For many years, it was believed that this was a lost film, but an intact version was recovered. It was screened by The Museum of Modern Art on November 29, 2010, as part of their film exhibition "Weimar Cinema, 1919–1933: Daydreams and Nightmares".

</doc>
<doc id="7037175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037175" title="Ordem dos Engenheiros">
Ordem dos Engenheiros

The Ordem dos Engenheiros (OE, ) is the regulatory and licensing body for the engineering profession in Portugal. It is headquartered in Lisbon, and has several regional branches in other Portuguese cities.
The OE was established by law in 1936. It succeeded the Portuguese Association of Civil Engineers, founded nearly 70 years earlier. The OE is a member of many international engineering organizations, including general engineering ones (e.g. FEANI) and those for specific engineering disciplines (e.g. ECCE, EUREL, EFCE).
The OE's mission is to contribute to the progress of engineering by supporting the efforts of its members in scientific, professional and social areas, as well as to ensure compliance with professional regulations and ethics.
It is illegal to provide engineering services or sign engineering projects in Portugal without being a member of the OE. However, many other professionals in engineering (such as technical engineers, short-cycle degree engineers, or engineers graduating from unaccredited courses) are allowed to work in the field as long as they do not provide engineering services or sign engineering projects, and they cannot officially use the title "engineer".
The OE is the entity responsible for the accreditation of engineering degrees and engineering courses in Portugal. Engineers graduating with an accredited degree are exempt from the licensing exams conducted by the Order. According to the chairman () of the OE, only 30 to 50 percent of the candidates with an unaccredited degree pass the licensing exams, depending on the particular engineering field. Over three hundred engineering degrees are awarded in Portugal by public universities, public polytechnic schools, and private institutions. However, only about one hundred of these are accredited degrees.
Accreditation.
A full chartered engineer ("Engenheiro") in Portugal used to have a compulsory five-year course known as "licenciatura" (licentiate) which was granted exclusively by universities. Only engineers having the "licenciatura" diploma, graduated at the universities, were capacitated to develop any kind of project in engineering and were universally recognized by the Engineers Association of Portugal ("Ordem dos Engenheiros"). The polytechnic institutions of engineering, born after 1974, used to award the professional title of (Technical Engineer), a title conferred after a three years course; the degree was known as "bacharelato". Polytechnic institutions conferred 3-years "bacharelato" degrees in several technical engineering specializations, until the late 1990s. At this time new legal decrees were adopted by Portuguese State (Administrative Rule 413A/98 of 17 July 1998), and it started to award 3 + 2 "licenciaturas bietápicas" ("bacharelato" plus one or two extra years, conferring the "licenciatura" degree - a degree that had been awarded exclusively by the universities). In the mid-2000s those institutions adopted new more selective admission rules which were imposed to every Portuguese higher education institution by the State, excluding for the first time in their history the applicants with negative (less than 95/200) admission marks (in Portugal admission marks to higher education institutions are based on a combination of high school marks, and results of the entrance exams, and competition is based in a "numerus clausus" system). However, in many cases, polytechnic courses from several institutions across the country, started to require admission entrance exams in fields not directly related with the course (for instance, an electrical engineering or computer engineering course allows a biology entrance exam instead of mathematics and/or physics, unlike what is seen in most universities for the same engineering fields). This is the main reason many engineering courses awarded by several Portuguese polytechnic institutions and a few universities, are not currently accredited by "Ordem dos Engenheiros". This is not exclusive of polytechnic engineerings since that in other polytechnic fields, like in polytechnic accountancy and management institutes or schools, history, geography, or even Portuguese language entrance exams are allowed instead of mathematics and economics, unlike what is allowed for the university courses in similar fields, although some departments of certain university institutions are using the same criteria to fight the increasing number of places left vacant every year.
Today, after many reforms and changes in higher education occurred since 1998 to the 2000s, the formal differences between polytechnic and university "licenciatura" degrees in engineering are in general null, and due to the Bologna process both graduates should be recognized equally all across Europe. However, there are many engineering courses whose degrees are still not recognized by the "Ordem dos Engenheiros" (the highest Portuguese authority in accreditation of professional engineers), especially engineering courses conferred by several polytechnical institutes and many private institutions. Among the oldest recognized and most extensively accredited engineering courses in Portugal, are those engineering degrees awarded by the state-run universities. After the large 1998 - 2000s reforms and upgrades, some polytechnic engineering "licenciatura" degrees started to be offered by the largest state-run polytechnic institutes, have been accredited in the same way with official recognition by "Ordem dos Engenheiros".

</doc>
<doc id="7037180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037180" title="Midgham Lock">
Midgham Lock

Midgham Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, between Thatcham and Woolhampton, Berkshire, England.
Midgham Lock was built between 1718 and 1723 under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury. The canal is administered by the Canal &amp; River Trust. The lock has a rise/fall of 7 ft 7 in (2.31 m).

</doc>
<doc id="7037181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037181" title="List of NFL on CBS commentators">
List of NFL on CBS commentators



</doc>
<doc id="7037190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037190" title="Karenic languages">
Karenic languages

The Karen () or Karenic languages are tonal languages spoken by some 4.5 million Karen people. They are of unclear affiliation within the Sino-Tibetan languages. The Karen languages are written using the Karen script. The three main branches are Sgaw (commonly known as Karen), Pwo and Pa'O. Karenni (also known as Kayah or Red Karen) and Kayan (also known as Padaung) are a branch of Karen languages. They are unusual among the Sino-Tibetan languages in having a subject–verb–object word order; other than Karen, Bai and the Chinese languages, Sino-Tibetan languages have a subject–object–verb order. This is likely due to influence from neighboring Mon and Tai languages.
Classification.
Because they differ from other Tibeto-Burman languages in morphology and syntax, Benedict (1972: 2–4, 129) removed the Karen languages from Tibeto-Burman in a Tibeto-Karen branch, but this is no longer accepted.
A common geographical classification distinguishes three groups:
Kayan (Padaung) is transitional between the northern and central groups.
The languages with the most speakers are Sgaw, Pwo and Pa’o.
Manson (2011).
Manson (2011) classifies the Karen languages as follows, with each primary branch characterized by phonological innovations:
The classifications of Geker, Gekho, Kayaw, and Manu are ambiguous, as they may be either Central or Southern.
Shintani (2012).
Shintani Tadahiko (2012:x) gives the following tentative classification, proposed in 2002, for what he calls the "Brakaloungic" languages, of which Karen is a branch. Individual languages are marked in italics.
However, at the time of publication, Shintani (2012) reports that there are more than 40 Brakaloungic languages and/or dialects, many of which have only been recently reported and documented. Shintani also reports that Mon influence is present in all Brakaloungic languages, while some also have significant Burmese and Shan influence.
The Kayan languages are spoken in Kayah State, southern Shan State, and northern Karen State. There are four branches according to Shintani (2016), namely Kangan ("lowland dwellers"), Kakhaung ("highland dwellers"), Lawi ("South"), and Latha ("North"). Nangki (sometimes called Langki), documented in Shintani (2016), is one of the Kayan languages belonging to the Kakhaung subgroup. It is spoken only in one village.
Kadaw is spoken in Kayah State, and has nasalized vowels but no final nasal consonants. It has more Burmese than Shan influence. Thamidai is yet another Karenic language.
Below is a classification of the Karenic languages by Hsiu (2019) based on a phylogenetic analysis of Shintani's published lexical data. The results support the overall structure of Shintani's (2012) classification.
Luangthongkum (2019).
Luangthongkum (2019) recognizes three branches of Proto-Karen, namely Northern, Central, and Southern, but is agnostic about how the three branches fit together.
"Note": Western Bwe Karen (Blimaw, Geba) preserves the implosives or preglottalised obstruents ɓ/ʔb and ɗ/ʔd, as well as voiceless sonorants such as hn, hl, and so forth.
Further reading.
Reconstructions
Vocabulary lists

</doc>
<doc id="7037195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037195" title="RAF Ramat David">
RAF Ramat David



</doc>
<doc id="7037198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037198" title="Heale's Lock">
Heale's Lock

Heale's Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, between Thatcham and Woolhampton, Berkshire, England.
Heale's Lock was built between 1718 and 1723 under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury. The canal is administered by the Canal &amp; River Trust. The lock has a rise/fall of 8 ft 11 in (2.72 m)., and was originally a turf lock, being rebuilt as a conventional lock in the late 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="7037208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037208" title="Actus et potentia">
Actus et potentia



</doc>
<doc id="7037210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037210" title="System addict">
System addict



</doc>
<doc id="7037213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037213" title="Rob Szasz">
Rob Szasz



</doc>
<doc id="7037217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037217" title="Battle of Kalbajar">
Battle of Kalbajar

The Battle of Kalbajar took place in March and April 1993, during the First Nagorno-Karabakh War. It resulted in the capture of the Kalbajar District of Azerbaijan by Armenian military forces.
Kalbajar lies outside the contested enclave of the former Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast (NKAO). The offensive was the first time Armenian forces from Nagorno-Karabakh had advanced beyond the boundaries of the enclave (besides the capture of Lachin in 1992). Kalbajar District, located between Armenia and the western border of the former NKAO, was composed of several dozen villages and its provincial capital, also named Kalbajar. The Armenian side launched an attack from four directions, including Armenia proper. After initial heavy resistance, the Azerbaijani defence quickly collapsed and the provincial capital fell on April 3, 1993. Armenian forces captured an area of more than 1,900 square kilometres, establishing a second overland link between Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh.
As a result of the battle, an estimated 60,000 Kurdish and Azerbaijani civilians were displaced. Civilians fled Kalbajar in April through mountains still covered in snow. Refugees reported that hundreds of people froze to death attempting to flee. Azerbaijan made an unsuccessful attempt to recapture the region in winter 1993–1994. 
Kalbajar was under the control of the self-proclaimed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic until November 25, 2020, when Armenian troops returned the region along with other occupied districts surrounding Nagorno-Karabakh to Azerbaijani control under a ceasefire agreement mediated by Russia, ending the Second Nagorno-Karabakh War.
Background.
An autonomous oblast during the Soviet era under the jurisdiction of the Azerbaijan SSR, Nagorno-Karabakh's population was approximately 76% ethnic Armenian. As the Soviet Union's disintegration approached during the late 1980s, the enclave's government expressed its desire to secede and unite with the neighbouring Armenian SSR. By 1991, Armenia and Azerbaijan were independent countries but the nascent Nagorno-Karabakh Republic (NKR) remained internationally unrecognized despite its government's declaration of independence. Small-scale violence had flared up between the two ethnic groups in February 1988 but soon escalated to use of Soviet-built tanks, helicopters, and fighter bombers appropriated by both sides after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
On May 9, 1992, Armenian forces captured the mountain stronghold of Shusha and soon after established a land connection between Nagorno-Karabakh and Armenia through Lachin. However, the Armenian side was caught unprepared by an Azerbaijani offensive in the summer of 1992, when Azerbaijani forces captured practically the entire northern part of Nagorno-Karabakh (the former Martakert District), at one point occupying nearly half of the territory of the former NKAO. Armenian forces managed to halt the Azerbaijani advance by October 1992 and began to retake territory in the north by February 1993. Meanwhile, internal divisions plagued the Azerbaijani war effort, with Colonel Surat Huseynov moving his units away from the frontline to Ganja after being dismissed from his posts, leaving Kalbajar particularly vulnerable.
The region of Kalbajar.
Kalbajar is a "raion" surrounded by several canyons and an elevated mountain range known as the Murov Mountains. It is located between Armenia and the western boundary of the former Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast, and is of significant strategic importance to both sides. Its wartime population of approximately 60,000 was primarily made up of ethnic Azerbaijanis and Kurds. In February-March 1993, Kalbajar was virtually surrounded, wedged between Armenia, Armenian-controlled Lachin District, and the Murov Mountains, the main mountain pass of which (the Omar Pass) is nearly impassable in the winter and early spring. Its main connection to the rest of Azerbaijan, the road to Tartar, passed through Armenian-controlled territory in Martakert Province. 
Rationale for its taking.
In March 1993, military incursions by Azerbaijani forces and artillery barrages were reported to have been coming from the region, prompting military leaders to announce an offensive against the district. In an interview given in April 1993, General Gurgen Dalibaltyan, who planned the operation, explained that its strategic purpose was to "create a reliable connection between Karabakh and Armenia, since Lachin was in a difficult position, surrounded by enemy forces", while also referring to Kalbajar as "our historical homeland". Speaking in 2020, Serzh Sargsyan, who was a member of the State Defence Committee of the NKR at the time of the battle, stated that the operation to capture Kalbajar was conceived in January 1993 and was aimed at securing the rear of Nagorno-Karabakh and especially Martakert Province, which in Sargsyan's words "was impossible to defend from multiple sides".
One of the most successful Armenian commanders of the conflict and participant in the Battle of Kalbajar, Monte Melkonian, stated that Armenian forces had to take the district in order to suppress Azerbaijani artillery strikes against nearby Armenian villages. However, Melkonian also justified the operation on historical grounds, citing historical Armenian presence in the area. He stated, "This is a historical issue... "of course" this is historical Armenia... And we'll vindicate that reality [to the Azerbaijanis] with our guns. Unfortunately! It would be nice if the Azerbaijanis would understand that reality is reality, agree and say OK, it's yours, and that's that". Questioned on the possibility of a large expulsion of civilians if the region was captured, Melkonian responded, "A lot of blood has been spilled on both sides... The emotions are high and that isn't conducive to living together in near or medium future".
The battle.
Heavy resistance.
Defeats in late March already had the Azerbaijani military evacuating civilians out of the region to the northern town of Yevlakh and Azerbaijan's second-largest city, Ganja. The Armenians had assembled a force of several hundred men to enter Kalbajar from four different directions: Melkonian's detachment of tanks and troops from Karabakh would attack from the southeast, one fifty-man unit from the town of Vardenis, Armenia would enter from the west; the third force would attack from the village of Aghdaban in the north, and the primary attacking force would come from the village of Nareshtar. Kalbajar was protected only by a small group of defenders that received no reinforcements; a unit of 200 men attempting to reinforce the district was intercepted and defeated by Samvel Karapetyan's unit. A few days before the commencement of the operation, Armenian forces warned the Azerbaijanis in the district of the coming attack. 
The battered village of Charektar in Kalbajar had already seen extensive fighting in earlier weeks and was reinforced by both Azerbaijani and foreign Chechen, Afghan and other fighters as the Armenian offensive commenced on March 27. However, instead of launching a simultaneous attack, only the units in Aghdaban and Nareshtar moved out. Melkonian's armoured column did not move out until later on and his units faced tenacious resistance on an embankment of entrenched defences where his forces were forced to retreat. The troops in Vardenis began their assault shortly thereafter but their advance was slowed since they had to trek through the snowy passes of the Murov Mountains.
On March 28, Melkonian's forces resumed their attack on Charektar and an eight-hour battle ensued until his forces were able to break through the defences. They advanced twenty-nine kilometres, reaching the Tartar River on March 31. The stretched out Azerbaijani forces deployed throughout the region were unable to stop their advance. Within another twenty kilometres of his forces' positions was the Kalbajar District's namesake capital, a crucial road intersection that led to Lachin and the village of Zulfugarli. By March 29, Armenian forces encircled the town of Kalbajar. A journalist reported seeing intensive bombardment of Kalbajar, including Grad artillery, originating from Armenia proper.
Melkonian's advance.
The following two days saw a massive refugee column of cars and trucks "laden with bundles... bumper to bumper" trudging through the intersection. Melkonian ordered his forces to halt their advance until the remnants of the column dried up in the early afternoon of April 1. Assessing that most refugees had left, he ordered his units to advance and sent a detachment to guard a vital tunnel leading south towards Zulfugarli. While his troops had assumed that most civilians had left Kalbajar, they encountered a GAZ-52 transport truck in the tunnel and, thinking it was a military vehicle, fired and destroyed it with rocket-propelled grenades and assault rifles. As they observed the wreck of the vehicle, the troops realized they had taken out a vehicle filled entirely with civilians: twenty-five Kurd and Azerbaijani "kolkhoz" workers. Four of them, including the driver of the truck and his daughter, were killed. The rest were ordered by Melkonian to be taken to a hospital in Karabakh's capital of Stepanakert; however, as many as eleven of them died.
After the Zulufgarli incident, his forces pushed forward and reached another vital intersection leading to Ganja, fifteen kilometres away from the capital. Civilians in Kalbajar continued to be evacuated by both air and the through the intersection and Melkonian halted his advance by a further forty hours to allow the traffic column to move through. On April 1, his forces issued a radio message to the governor of the region, instructing his forces to leave the capital. An ultimatum was placed until 2 pm of the following day. Identified by his radio codename, "Khan", the governor responded and stated, "We're never going to leave... we'll fight to the end."
Final push.
As the deadline passed on April 2, Melkonian's armor entered the intersection and encountered a line of Azerbaijani tanks and infantry. A firefight ensued but lasted for only several minutes as the defence line was soon battered and destroyed. Many of the Azerbaijani forces were ill-prepared for the attack as Melkonian noted when pointing out to their lack of equipment.
By April 3, the Armenian forces had encircled the capital and resistance had weakened. Azerbaijani commander Surat Huseynov and his 709th brigade, which had been tasked to defending the Murov Mountains, had retreated to Ganja after political and military problems began to unravel upon in the battlefield. An account of the war-weariness afflicting the inhabitants of the town was described by Melkonian's elder brother, Markar:
Although his contingent did not reach in time for the fighting, the city's capital was taken. Aside from some farm life, the town had been largely abandoned. With the taking of the region, Armenian forces now held a continuous swath of territory stretching from Nagorno-Karabakh to Armenia proper, a total of 3,000 square kilometres. In the retreat through the Omar Pass of the Murov mountain range, many Azerbaijani refugees froze to death. With the last helicopters leaving on April 1, they were forced to walk through the heavy snow at freezing temperatures. Nearly 39,000 civilians were processed into the camps at Yevlakh and Dashkasan with as many as 15,000 unaccounted for. Four Azerbaijani Mi-8 helicopters ferrying refugees and wounded out of the conflict zone crashed, the last of which was hit by Armenian forces.
Political ramifications.
The offensive provoked international criticism against both the Armenians in Karabakh and the Republic. Vafa Guluzade, the chief adviser to then-president of Azerbaijan, Abulfaz Elchibey, alleged that the region was taken too easily because help arrived from the Russian 128th Regiment (7th Russian Army) stationed in Armenia. This charge was refuted by the operation's commander, Gurgen Dalibaltayan, and others since "Moscow [i.e., the Russian government] was not in total control of Armenian military operations." Armenia's western neighbour, Turkey, halted humanitarian aid coming to through its borders and closed its border with Armenia (the Turkey-Armenia border has remained closed ever since). The United States also condemned the offensive, issuing a "sharp rebuke" and sending an accompanying letter to the Armenian government.
On April 30, 1993, Turkey and Pakistan co-sponsored United Nations Security Council Resolution 822 which called for Armenians in the region to withdraw immediately from Kalbajar and "other recently occupied areas of Azerbaijan". Turkey's President Turgut Özal raised the possibility of military intervention on Azerbaijan's side and set forth on a tour of Turkic former Soviet republics on April 14 (Özal would die of a heart attack just three days later). Iran also condemned the offensive since many refugees in Azerbaijan were fleeing south towards its borders.
In an attempt to end the hostilities, U.S., Russia and Turkey reiterated the call for the withdrawal of Armenian troops from the Kalbajar region of Azerbaijan on May 6, which would be followed by formal peace talks.
The loss of Kalbajar was a significant blow to the authority of President Abulfaz Elchibey and his party, the Popular Front of Azerbaijan. On April 12, 1993, Elchibey declared a two-month state of emergency in Azerbaijan. Two months later, the rebellious commander Surat Huseynov marched his troops on Baku, prompting Elchibey to flee the city and leading to the rise of Heydar Aliyev to the presidency.
In June 1993, Armenian president Levon Ter-Petrosyan threw his support behind a plan proposed by Russian, the United States and Turkey according to which Armenian forces would withdraw from Kalbajar district in return for security guarantees for Nagorno-Karabakh. Ter-Petrosyan traveled to Stepanakert to persuade the Armenian leadership of Nagorno-Karabakh to agree to the plan, and offered to remain in Stepanakert for 10 days as a hostage to guarantee the realization of the plan. While the Nagorno-Karabakh leadership agreed, they asked for a one-month delay, and the plan was never realized as Azerbaijan fell into chaos and Armenian forces began a counter-offensive.

</doc>
<doc id="7037219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037219" title="Woolhampton Lock">
Woolhampton Lock

Woolhampton Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, in the village of Woolhampton in the English county of Berkshire. The lock has a rise/fall of and is administered by the Canal and River Trust.
Woolhampton Lock lies on the stretch of the canal that was originally built between 1718 and 1723, under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury, as the "Kennet Navigation". This navigation is an improved river navigation rather than a true canal, and consists of sections of the natural riverbed of the River Kennet alternating with artificially created lock cuts and locks.
Woolhampton Lock is at the downstream end of an artificial lock cut, and the river and lock cut rejoin at the foot of the lock. Just to the east and downstream of this, the navigable river is crossed by a swing bridge carrying the road from the centre of Woolhampton village to the nearby village of Brimpton. Craft are warned to enter or leave the lock and pass under the open bridge in a single movement, since the current from the incoming river tends to push boats off course and there is nowhere to moor between the lock and bridge. Adjacent to this bridge is the "Row Barge" public house.

</doc>
<doc id="7037221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037221" title="Greek ironclad Hydra">
Greek ironclad Hydra

Hydra () was an ironclad warship of the Greek Navy, named for Hydra, one of the Saronic Gulf islands which played a key role in the war at sea during the Greek War of Independence. The lead ship of her class of ironclads, she was ordered in 1885 in response to a crisis in the Balkans and Ottoman naval expansion. The ship was launched in 1889 and delivered to Greece by 1892. She was armed with a main battery of three guns and five guns, and had a top speed of .
"Hydra" and her sisters saw heavy service with the Greek Navy. They participated in the Greco–Turkish War in 1897 until the Great Powers intervened and prevented the Greek Navy from capitalizing on their superiority over the Ottoman Navy. "Hydra" saw action in the First Balkan War at the Naval Battle of Elli and was present at the Naval Battle of Lemnos, but was too slow to actively engage the Ottoman forces. She did not see action during World War I, and was reduced to a gunnery training ship after the end of the war. She was ultimately broken up for scrap in 1929.
Design.
"Hydra" was long between perpendiculars and had a beam of and a mean draft of . She displaced as built. She was powered by a pair of marine steam engines of unknown type with steam provided by four coal-fired fire-tube boilers; they were rated at and provided a top speed of . Coal storage amounted to .
"Hydra"s main battery consisted of three Canet guns in individual mounts. Two guns were mounted forward in barbettes on either side of the forward superstructure; these were L/34 guns. The third gun, a L/28 gun, was placed in a turret aft. The secondary battery consisted of four L/36 guns in casemates were mounted below the forward main battery, and a fifth 5.9-inch gun was placed on the centerline on the same deck as the main battery. A number of smaller guns were carried for defense against torpedo boats. These included four L/22 guns, four 3-pounder guns, four 1-pounder guns, and six 1-pounder Hotchkiss revolver cannons. The ship was also armed with three torpedo tubes, one on each broadside and one in the bow.
The ship was armored with a mix of Creusot and compound steel. The main belt was thick in the central section and was reduced to at either end of the vessel. The main battery barbettes were protected by up to 14 inches of armor. "Hydra" was fitted with an armor deck that was thick.
Service history.
In 1885, Greece ordered three new ironclads of the . "Hydra" was ordered from the "Ateliers et Chantiers de la Loire" shipyard in St. Nazaire, France during the premiership of Charilaos Trikoupis. The ship, named for the island of Hydra, was launched in 1889, and by 1892, she and her sister-ships "Spetsai" and "Psara" were delivered to the Greek fleet.
The ship saw limited action in the Greco–Turkish War in 1897, as the Royal Hellenic Navy was unable to make use of its superiority over the Ottoman Navy. The Ottoman Navy had remained in port during the conflict, but a major naval intervention of the Great Powers prevented the Greeks from capitalizing on their superiority. In 1897–1900, "Hydra" and her sister-ships were partially rearmed; "Hydra" was modified at the La Seyne shipyard. Their small-caliber guns were replaced with one gun forward, eight guns, four 3-pounders, and ten 1-pounder revolver cannon. One of the 14-inch torpedo tubes was replaced with a weapon. In 1908–1910, the old 5.9 in guns were replaced with new, longer L/45 models.
The Balkan League, of which Greece was a member, declared war on the Ottoman Empire in October 1912. Two months later, the Ottoman fleet attacked the Greek navy, in an attempt to disrupt the naval blockade surrounding the Dardanelles. The Ottoman fleet, which included "Turgut Reis", "Barbaros Hayreddin", two outdated ironclad battleships, nine destroyers and six torpedo boats, sortied from the Dardanelles at 9:30. The smaller ships remained at the mouth of the straits while the battleships sailed north, remaining near to the coast. The Greek flotilla, which included the armored cruiser "Georgios Averof" and "Hydra" and her sisters, had been sailing from the island of Imbros to the patrol line outside the straits. When the Ottomans were sighted, the Greeks altered course to the northeast, in order to block the advance of their opponents. In the ensuing Naval Battle of Elli, the Ottoman ships opened fire first, at 9:50, from a range of about 15,000 yards; the Greeks returned fire ten minutes later, by which time the range had decreased significantly to 8,500 yards. At 10:04, the Ottoman ships completed a 16-point turn, which reversed their course, and steamed for the safety of the straits in a disorganized withdrawal. Within an hour, the routed Ottoman ships had withdrawn into the Dardanelles.
The Naval Battle of Lemnos resulted from an Ottoman plan to lure the faster "Georgios Averof" away from the Dardanelles. The protected cruiser "Hamidiye" evaded the Greek blockade and broke out into the Aegean sea; the assumption was that the Greeks would dispatch "Georgios Averof" to hunt down "Hamidiye". Despite the threat to Greek lines of communication posed by the cruiser, the Greek commander refused to detach "Georgios Averof" from her position. "Georgios Averof" appeared approximately 12 miles from Lemnos; when the powerful Greek ship was spotted, the Ottomans turned to retreat with "Georgios Averof" in pursuit. She scored several hits on the fleeing Ottoman ships before breaking off the chase. "Hydra" and her sisters were too slow to keep up with "Georgios Averof", and played no part in the engagement.
By 1914, "Hydra" had been withdrawn from active duty to serve as a gunnery training ship. At the outbreak of World War I in at the end of July 1914, Greece's pro-German monarch, Constantine I, decided to remain neutral. The Entente powers landed troops in Salonika in 1915, which was a source of tension between France and Greece. In October 1916, "Hydra" and a pair of torpedo boats defected to the Venizelist faction in the National Schism. Ultimately, the French seized the Greek Navy on 19 October; the heavy units of the Greek fleet were disarmed and placed in reserve for the remainder of the war. "Hydra" was decommissioned in 1918 and stricken from the naval register the next year. She was to be sold for scrapping in 1921, but instead returned to her role as a naval artillery school from 1922 until 1929 when she was broken up for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="7037222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037222" title="Gerry Harris (academic)">
Gerry Harris (academic)



</doc>
<doc id="7037229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037229" title="Actus et Potentia">
Actus et Potentia



</doc>
<doc id="7037242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037242" title="Noson Lawen (TV series)">
Noson Lawen (TV series)

Noson Lawen is a long-running Welsh language television series, first broadcast on S4C in Wales in 1982.
The evening's performance is presented as a live variety show, and consists of family entertainment that includes comedy, music, dance, magic, choirs, sketches and other speciality acts, with a different host every week. Guests have included not only Welsh-speaking performers like Dafydd Iwan, Robin Huw Bowen and John Ogwen, but international stars such as the quartet bond.
In the show's early years the audience were seated on straw bales, with the various performances taking place on a farm trailer. Over the years, the look and feel of the series has changed dramatically. The audience these days sit on comfortable seats, inside a specially made studio. Noson Lawen is recorded at various centres all over Wales and have offered an early stage to some of the biggest talents in Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="7037245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037245" title="Algol - Tragödie der Macht">
Algol - Tragödie der Macht



</doc>
<doc id="7037250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037250" title="Culture of Belize">
Culture of Belize

 
The culture of Belize is a mix of influences and people from Kriol, Maya, East Indian, Garinagu (also known as Garifuna), Mestizo (a mixture of Spanish and Native Americans), Mennonites who are of German descent, with many other cultures from Chinese to Lebanese. It is a unique blend that emerged through the country's long and occasionally violent history.
In Belizean folklore, we find the legends of La Llorona, Cadejo, the Tata Duende, and X'tabai. The idea of the mystical healing and Obeah is prominent in Belizean legend, and there is still talk of evil shaman practices like putting "Obeah" on certain houses. This is known to be done by burying a bottle with the 'evil' under a tree close by the house.
Marriage and family.
Belizean marriages are commonly celebrated with church weddings and colorful receptions featuring food, drink and dance. An increasing number of Belizean families are headed by single parents, especially mothers. Due to this trend, many of the present-day youths decline to pursue marriage and get involved in common law relationships with their partners. It is not common to encounter youths living with their parents around the age of 20 or above.
As a consequence of this trend, the most common family structure in Belize is the single-parent family. Moreover, grandparents are frequently involved in raising children, with or without the help of one of the parents. Most Belizean families either own or rent some type of house, typically wooden or concrete, and built to withstand minor fires and floods. However, when the hurricane seasons come around, most people will evacuate.
Food and eating.
Belizeans of all ethnicities eat a wide variety of foods. Breakfast consists of bread, flour and corn tortillas, journey (johnny in Creole) cakes, or fry jacks that are often homemade. It is eaten with various cheeses (Dutch cheese, band back cheese, craft cheese, etc.) refried beans, various forms of eggs or cereal (corn flakes, oatmeal) sweetened with condensed milk. Morning beverages include milk, coffee, tea, Milo, Ovaltine, Cocoa, orange juice (fresh or concentrated). Eating breakfast is called "drinking tea."
Midday meals vary, from lighter foods like beans and rice with or without coconut milk, tamales, panades, (fried maize (corn) shells with beans or fish) and meat pies, escabeche (onion soup), chilmole (black soup made with black recardo), stew chicken and garnaches (fried tortillas with beans, cheese, and cabbage sauce) to various constituted dinners featuring some type of rice and beans, meat and salad or coleslaw.
In the rural areas meals may be more simplified than in the cities. The Maya use recardo, corn or maize for most of their meals, and the Garifuna are fond of fish and other seafood, cassava (particularly made into hudut) and vegetables. Local fruits and certain vegetables are quite common. Mealtime is a communion for families and schools and some businesses close at midday for lunch, reopening later in the afternoon.
Socializing.
With a population of nearly 400,000 people, Belize has more than 10 distinct languages that each hold their own cultural implications. All of these languages create a hierarchy with English at the top and Spanish at the bottom. Belize is the only Central American country with English as its national language, and this is because of the country's rich history of British imperialism. As a result, the English language along with Western culture has left a lasting imprint on Belize's culture.
Nationwide, Belizeans regard American and British English as the highest form of communication. British and American visitors, especially higher ranking officials, are celebrated and treated with honors. In some cases, being able to speak "proper" English as well as being informed on European and American high culture allows for individuals in Belizean society to progress their careers and gain an elevated social status.
Although English is regarded as the preferred form of political and social interaction, a more common vernacular called English Creole is spoken throughout Belize. To speak English Creole means, to those living in Belize, that you are a "born-Belizean." This automatically places you above "outsiders" particularly those of Spanish speaking descent. Though Spanish speakers make up a majority of rural Belizeans, English Creole speakers typically regard the Spanish as having the same form of culture as Guatemalans and Mexicans. The tension between English Creole speakers and Spanish speakers derives from immigrants from other Central American countries as well as the nation's history of Spanish-British conflicts.
Courtesy is important to most Belizeans. It is not uncommon for Belizeans to greet each other on the street even if they have never seen each other before, or for acquaintances to spend minutes at a time chatting. It is, however, considered impolite to greet by first names, ("gial", and "bwai" are common and acceptable) unless one has already established a relationship of some depth (you have had one or more conversations together). A simple nod of the head or shouting is acceptable when passing someone on the street, and acquaintances might also be greeted with any number of introductory phrases as covered here:
Other acceptable greetings are handshakes, combinations of palms and fingers touching, thumbs locking and slaps on the back, or even a kiss on the cheek for someone to show great appreciation and trust. Formal situations call for use of titles and surnames, and children are expected to address their elders with Miss/Mister and answer “Yes, ma’am” or “No, sir” when asked questions but often do not.
Since the late introduction of television in 1980, visiting with friends is not as common as it used to be. When such a visit does occur Belizeans generally take care to make even unexpected guests feel at home. However, arranged visits are more commonly practiced, arriving without previous notice to a friend’s home may be seen as impolite or dangerous.
Recreation and sports.
The most popular sports are football and basketball, and there is enthusiastic support for league teams formed since the early 1990s. Other sports enjoyed in Belize include volleyball, track and field, cricket, jai-alai, boxing, cycling, and softball, which all have established associations. Catching on in recent years are triathlon, canoeing, chess, darts, billiards, martial arts, and even ice hockey (in the Western Cayo District among the Mennonite population). An international cross-country cycling race is held every Easter weekend. Belize has the world's second largest barrier reef and hundreds of small islands, called cayes, that are popular recreation areas for urban people, particularly during school vacations and Easter.
Music and art.
Punta is by the far most popular genre of Garifuna music and has become the most popular genre in all of Belize. It is distinctly Afro-Caribbean, and is sometimes said to be ready for international popularization like similarly-descended styles (reggae, calypso, merengue, etc.). Established stars include Andy Palacio, Herman "Chico" Ramos, "Mohobub" Flores, Adrian "The Doc" Martinez, and Lindsford "Supa G" Martinez. A slower, more melodic variant, known as Paranda, has been catching on recently behind the talents of Honduras' Aurelio Martinez and Paul Nabor of Punta Gorda; Nabor's signature track "Naguya Nei" is considered the informal popular anthem of the Garifuna nation.
Brukdown is a very popular modern style of Belizean music related to Calypso. It evolved out of the music and dance of loggers, especially a form called buru. Its greatest proponents include Wilfred Peters and Gerald "Lord" Rhaburn of Belize City and Leela Vernon of Punta Gorda.
Reggae, Dancehall, and Soca imported from Jamaica and the rest of the West Indies, and Rap, Hip-Hop, heavy metal and rock music from the United States, are also popular among the youth of Belize. Belize's recording industry turns out a few CDs each year; the majority of musical exposure occurs at monthly concerts featuring Belizean and international artists sharing the same card, or else DJ's mixing music at local nightclubs.
Drama and Acting have also become a part of the Belizean culture. Many plays have taken place at the Bliss Center for the Performing Arts and the George Price Center for Peace and development. Several plays that have had a dramatic impact are "Tigga Dead" written by the Governor General. Also "Stop! Stop the Bus", directed by Beverly Swasey.

</doc>
<doc id="7037253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037253" title="Aldermaston Lock">
Aldermaston Lock

Aldermaston Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Aldermaston Wharf in the English county of Berkshire. It stands at the junction of the civil parishes of Padworth, Beenham and Aldermaston.
Aldermaston Lock was built between 1718 and 1723 under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury. It was originally turf-sided, but enlarged in the mid-eighteenth century and given scalloped brick walls. It was altered in 1984 when the walls were raised to the full height of lock as part of its restoration. The original height of the scalloped walls is marked by a line of blue bricks.
It was originally called Brewhouse Lock because Strange's Brewery stood beside it.
Along with the length of the canal, the lock is the responsibility of the Canal &amp; River Trust. It has a rise/fall of .
It is a grade II listed building. Below the lock is Aldermaston Lift Bridge and Aldermaston Wharf, where the Kennet and Avon Canal Trust operate a tea room.

</doc>
<doc id="7037258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037258" title="List of NFL on NBC announcers">
List of NFL on NBC announcers

NFL on NBC announcers include:

</doc>
<doc id="7037266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037266" title="Olive Mount chord">
Olive Mount chord

The Olive Mount chord in Liverpool, England, is a 300-metre stretch of railway track between Olive Mount Junction, in Olive Mount cutting, and Edge Lane Junction that provides access to the Canada Dock Branch (more usually known today as the Bootle Branch).
History.
The Olive Mount Chord was built as part of the L&amp;NWR's Canada Dock Branch railway, which opened in 1866. It was designed to ease transition between the branch and the main L&amp;NWR line into and out of the Liverpool area. The chord was taken out of use following a fire in the signal box at Edge Lane Junction on 21 January 1987 and subsequently lifted, because the declining amount of dock traffic meant the cost of repairing the box, or altering the signalling to allow remote operation from Edge Hill PSB, was not seen to be justified. However, delays resulting from the removal of the chord limited access to the Port of Liverpool.
Reinstatement.
On 27 June 2006, Douglas Alexander, Secretary of State for Transport, revealed that the Olive Mount Chord was one of several projects to be included in the government's productivity transport innovation fund.
On 20 January 2008, the green light was given to reopen the line to make the ferrying of freight between the Port of Liverpool to the West Coast Main Line easier. The works removed the need for reversing at Edge Hill and for crossing the lines in and out of Lime Street.
Over the Bank Holiday weekend of early May 2008, the Chat Moss line was closed to rail traffic to allow a facing crossover to be installed between the inbound (to Liverpool) and outbound (to Manchester) lines. This crossing was placed on site on Sunday 4 May 2008 and is located east of Mill Lane bridge. The work on this weekend involved the use of a Kirow rail mounted crane.
A further step change took place on Sunday 13 July 2008 when the Balfour Beatty New Track Construction machine was in use on the chord. It laid a single track from Olive Mount Junction on the Chat Moss line through the Olive Mount Tunnel up to the Bootle Branch at Edge Lane Junction. There was already a crossover and turnout on the Bootle Branch but no physical connection was made at that stage.
The project became operational from the Winter 2008 timetable, starting on Sunday 14 December 2008. It cost an estimated £7.9m, of which Merseytravel contributed £2.1m.
The chord was officially reopened on 6 March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7037273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037273" title="Padworth Lock">
Padworth Lock

Padworth Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, at Aldermaston Wharf in the civil parish of Padworth in the English county of Berkshire.
Padworth Lock was built between 1718 and 1723 under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury, and was originally a turf-sided lock. The lock has a rise/fall of 5 ft 1 in (1.55 m)., and was totally rebuilt as a brick lock between 1982 and 1984. The canal is administered by the Canal &amp; River Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="7037274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037274" title="Tom Baker (24 character)">
Tom Baker (24 character)



</doc>
<doc id="7037276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037276" title="Prince Ludwig Gaston of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha">
Prince Ludwig Gaston of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha

Prince Ludwig Gaston of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (Ludwig Gaston Klemens Maria Michael Gabriel Raphael Gonzaga; 15 September 1870 – 23 January 1942), known in Brazil as Dom Luís Gastão, was a German prince of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha-Koháry, and the last surviving grandchild of Emperor Pedro II of Brazil.
Biography.
Early life.
Ludwig Gaston was born at Schloss Ebenthal in Ebenthal, Lower Austria, in Austria-Hungary, the youngest son of Prince Ludwig August of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Princess Leopoldina of Brazil, the second daughter of Emperor "Dom" Pedro II. His siblings were Princes Peter August, August Leopold and Joseph Ferdinand. Shortly after their mother's death in 1871, Ludwig and his brothers moved to Brazil, where they lived with their maternal grandfather until a military coup d'état in 1889 abolished the monarchy, forcing the imperial family into exile.
Military career.
Ludwig Gaston went to Wiener Neustadt to study at the Theresian Military Academy, where he graduated in 1892. After that, he was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant of the Fourth Tiroler Jäger-Regiment of the Austro-Hungarian Army in Lienz. On 1 May 1896, Ludwig obtained the rank of First Lieutenant; on 29 March 1900, he was given command of the First Tiroler Jäger-Regiment in Innsbruck, and on 1 May 1903, he further advanced to the rank of Captain. He left the army on 8 February 1907.
First marriage and issue.
In Munich, on 1 May 1900, the prince married Princess Mathilde, daughter of King Ludwig III of Bavaria. Their wedding was hosted by her grandfather, Luitpold, Prince Regent of Bavaria. They had two children, a son and a daughter: 
Second marriage and issue.
After the death of his first wife in 1906, he married for a second time to Countess Anna of Trauttmansdorff-Weinsberg (1873–1948), daughter of Karl Johann Nepomuk Ferdinand, Prince von und zu Trauttmansdorff-Weinsberg and his wife Josephine, Markgräfin von Pallavicini, (1849–1923) at Bischofteinitz on 30 November 1907. By birth, Anna was member of an ancient House of Trauttmansdorff-Weinsberg, one of the most prominent Austrian princely families. The couple were distantly related, both descending from Ferdinand August, Fürst von Lobkowicz (1665–1715). Together, they had one daughter:
Death.
Prince Ludwig Gaston died on 23 January 1942 in Innsbruck, Austria, at the age of 71. His body was buried in the St. Augustine's Church in Coburg, Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="7037277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037277" title="Lumbodorsal fascia">
Lumbodorsal fascia



</doc>
<doc id="7037279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037279" title="Hóquei Clube de Sintra">
Hóquei Clube de Sintra

Hóquei Clube de Sintra is a Rink Hockey team from Sintra, Portugal.
Achievements.
National.
1948–49, 1949–50, 1957–58, 1958–59

</doc>
<doc id="7037283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037283" title="John McAteer">
John McAteer

John McAteer (5 January 1933 – 22 February 1977) was a Scottish politician who was a leading figure in the Scottish National Party of the 1960s and 1970s.
Formative years.
McAteer was the eldest of three children. His parents, Unity Begley and James McAteer, were Irish immigrants from the Fanad peninsula, County Donegal. Born in Coatbridge, he was sent to his aunt's croft in Fanad at the age of 2 to be cured of a stutter. He returned to Coatbridge at 6 years old speaking only Gaelic.
His parents and two sisters emigrated to the US in the mid-1950s, but he did not follow them.
Teaching.
Following national service in Egypt and Aden, he attended Jordanhill teacher training college where he qualified as a Technical teacher. He went on to teach woodwork, metalwork and technical drawing at several schools, eventually taking a post as Principal of technical at Saint Saviour's, Bellshill.
Marriage.
He married Kate Parker in 1961. They had four boys.
SNP Years.
McAteer became active in the Scottish National Party in the 1950s.
Hamilton By-Election 1967.
He was Winnie Ewing's election agent in her successful by-election campaign in Hamilton in 1967. In her autobiography, Ewing says "...as I fought the seat I had many homes from homes, the main one being that of John and Kate McAteer..." She goes on to say: "... my agent, John McAteer, a descendant of an Irish rebel, was totally splendid in the job." Gordon Wilson: "Under the direction of John McAteer... there was a taut, well-organised campaign supported by thousands of supporters."
George Leslie: "We had to take the good points from the Pollok campaign and make them better. The most important person in all of this was John McAteer, who was Winnie's election agent and, later, national organiser. There was a plan in Hamilton." The organisation on the ground was formidable. "Again, it was John McAteer."
Hugh MacDonald: "John was the architect of the organisational and political strategy that shattered the Labour establishment with in its fortress of Hamilton. In terms of sheer professionalism it was the finest piece of organisation and deployment of forces that the National Party has witnessed."
SNP National Organiser.
He served as National Organiser for the SNP from 1968 until his death in 1977. During this period, the SNP saw sustained growth, culminating in the return of 7 Westminster MPs in the 1974 General Election. Also notable during this time was Margo MacDonald's victory in the Govan by-election in 1973.
The job of National Organiser entailed driving all over Scotland to visit local party branches and he clocked up a huge annual mileage.
Illness and death.
Initially misdiagnosed with lower back pain, he died of bladder cancer in a Glasgow hospital on 22 February 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="7037286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037286" title="Andrew Donelson">
Andrew Donelson



</doc>
<doc id="7037291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037291" title="Towney Lock">
Towney Lock

Towney Lock is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal, between Aldermaston Wharf and Sulhamstead, Berkshire, England.
Towney Lock was built between 1718 and 1723 under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury. The lock has a change in level of .
The lock was deepened during restoration work in the 1970s when Ufton Lock was removed.
The canal is now administered by the Canal &amp; River Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="7037295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037295" title="Rybnik County">
Rybnik County

Rybnik County () is a suburban county in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland, created in 1999 as a result of Polish local government reforms. Its administrative seat is the city of Rybnik, although the city is not part of the county (it constitutes a separate city county). The county consists of three disjoint parts, separated by the city of Rybnik. In the past decade, Rybnik country experienced significant population growth, due to urban sprawl of adjacent cities.
At the 2002 census, the population was 72,926. As of 2019, the population was 78,148.
History.
Rybnik area was heavily influenced by the Cistercian in the Middle Ages. First Rybnik county was created in 1818 by the King of Prussia. It covered vast area, including current Racibórz, Gliwice, Mikołów and Wodzisław counties, as well as current city-county cities of Rybnik, Żory and Jastrzębie-Zdrój. Following First World War and the Upper Silesia plebiscite, most of that area became part of Poland. In 1975 administrative reforms repealed counties ("powiaty") in Poland. In 1999 Jerzy Buzek government restored Rybnik county along with other counties.
Geography.
Rybnik county is located mostly on Rybnik Flatlands, with only the very west parts being part of Silesian Lowlands and the very east – Ramża Mountain – marking Silesian Upland. Three spoil tips in Czerwionka-Leszczyny are widely recognizable landmark of Rybnik county. Some part of the country is also incorporated into Rudy Landscape Park.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (one urban-rural and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
Demographics.
At the census of 2002 there were 72,926 people, 25,499 households and 20,362 families residing in the county. There were 18,026 married couples living together (12,675 of them had children), 210 partnerships (138 of them had children), 1,805 single mothers and 321 single fathers. The average household size was 2.84 and average family size was 3.33.
There were 22,106 apartments in the county of average size of 78.0 square meters.
Rybnik county experiences consequent population growth. Between 2002 and 2011 the population grew by 4.3% making 76,094 citizens on March 31, 2011. On December 31, 2011, the population was estimated to be 76,367 (+0.4%).

</doc>
<doc id="7037296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037296" title="Powiat of Rybnik">
Powiat of Rybnik



</doc>
<doc id="7037299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037299" title="List of NFL on NBC commentators">
List of NFL on NBC commentators



</doc>
<doc id="7037301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037301" title="Slobberknocker">
Slobberknocker



</doc>
<doc id="7037302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037302" title="Stephen Saunders (24 character)">
Stephen Saunders (24 character)



</doc>
<doc id="7037305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037305" title="Merrell Fankhauser">
Merrell Fankhauser

Merrell Wayne Fankhauser (born December 23, 1943, Louisville, Kentucky, United States) is an American singer, songwriter and guitarist, who was most active in the 1960s and 1970s with bands including the Impacts, Merrell &amp; the Exiles, HMS Bounty, Fankhauser-Cassidy Band, and Mu. In addition, 12 songs recorded by Merrell &amp; the Exiles were later released under the group name Fapardokly, even though that group never actually existed.
The Impacts.
After moving to San Luis Obispo, California in his teens, he began playing guitar, and got his first break playing in movie theaters and talent shows. In 1960, after one of these shows, he joined a local band The Impacts as lead guitarist. Their Ventures-influenced sound developed a strong following at the start of the surfing scene.
In 1962, the saxophone player from The Revels (Norman Knowles) met Merrell and his bandmates after a show at The Rose Garden Ballroom, and convinced them to record a session with Tony Hilder at a backyard studio in the Hollywood area. As much as this seemed like a notable event for the band, it was more of a lure than a lucky break. After recording the songs "Wipe Out," "Fort Lauderdale," "Tears," "Revellion," "Blue Surf," "Impact," "Steel Pier," "Tandem," "Sea Horse," "Beep Beep," "Lisa," and "Church Key," the recordings were taken by Norman Knowles and Tony Hilder to Del-Fi Records, where owner Bob Keene signed the album for immediate release. Knowles and Hilder never revealed to the band how much money they made by doing this, however, they also tricked the young band into signing a contract for one dollar. Merrell and his band was unable to collect royalties on this music for 36 years thereafter, as Hilder and Knowles claimed both artist and publishing royalties with Del-Fi Records. Merrell would encounter many more of these so-called song sharks during his musical career, although he and his bandmates were wiser after this hard lesson.
Fapardokly.
Fankhauser left the band and moved to Lancaster, California. There he met Jeff Cotton (later of Captain Beefheart's Magic Band), and in 1964 they formed The Exiles. The band — which also included John "Drumbo" French — had some regional success with songs including "Can't We Get Along", but then broke up. Fankhauser moved back to the coast, formed a new band, Merrell and the Xiles, and had a minor hit with "Tomorrow's Girl" in 1967.
An album followed, which included old Exiles songs and newer psychedelic folk material. For the album the band was credited as Fapardokly, taking its name from the surnames of the original members — Fankhauser, Dan Parrish (bass), Bill Dodd (guitar) and Dick Lee of The Brymers (drums). Despite its later cult acclaim, the album was not a success.
HMS Bounty.
Fankhauser and Dodd then formed another, more overtly psychedelic, band with Jack Jordan (bass) and Larry Meyers (drums), naming it HMS Bounty. They won a recording contract with Uni Records, and their self-titled album was released in 1968, followed by the single "Tampa Run". However, success was again thwarted, by personal and record company problems, and the band split up.
Mu.
Reuniting with Jeff Cotton in 1970, Fankhauser then formed Mu. In 1971, their first album was released and became a radio hit. Increasingly fascinated by legends of the lost continent of Mu, Fankhauser then relocated to the Hawaiian island of Maui in February 1973.
Material for a second Mu album was recorded on Maui in 1974, but not released until the 1980s on the two LPs "The Last Album" (Appaloosa, Italy 1981) and "Children Of The Rainbow" (Blue Form, US 1985). Mu disbanded in 1975. Fankhauser recorded a solo album, "Maui" (1976), before returning to California in the late 1970s. All his 1970s recordings have been reissued repeatedly in the CD format.
Later solo work.
Fankhauser continued to record, occasionally with friends including John Cipollina, Pete Sears, and later Ed Cassidy of Spirit in The Fankhauser Cassidy Band, as well as producing new surf albums credited to The Impacts. Fankhauser has also produced radio and TV shows such as his long-running "Tiki Lounge".
In June 2015, Fankhauser released an mp3 rock album titled "Signals from Malibu".

</doc>
<doc id="7037306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037306" title="Edmund Schlink">
Edmund Schlink

Edmund Schlink (3 March 1903 – 20 May 1984) was a German-Lutheran pastor and theologian. Between 1946 and his retirement in 1971 he was a professor of dogmatic and ecumenical theology at Heidelberg University.
Biography.
Schlink was born in Darmstadt, near where his father, Wilhelm Schlink, was a professor of mechanics and aeronautics. The family of his mother, Ella, had been influenced by Herrnhut pietism. His only sibling, his sister Klara (1904-2001), who later called herself Mutter Basilea Schlink, became a popular religious writer and leader. In 1906, the Schlink family moved to Braunschweig, where Wilhelm served as a professor aeronautics. Edmund Schlink attended public schools in Braunschweig. In 1922 he matriculated at Tübingen University, where he studied mathematics, philosophy, psychology, physics, and other natural sciences. He also attended the universities of Munich, Kiel, Vienna, and Marburg. He completed his first Ph.D. dissertation (in religious psychology) at Marburg in 1927. This dissertation explores personality changes in people who undergo a religious conversion and in those who are suffering from clinical depression. During the prior year (1926), he himself had undergone a religious conversion after suffering a crisis of faith. As a result of this experience, he changed his academic focus to theology, which he studied at the University of Münster. There he wrote his second dissertation (on a problem in natural theology), under the direction of Karl Barth. He then served as an assistant pastor to congregations in Buchschlag and Sprendlingen, and in the fall of 1932 he became a campus pastor at the Technical University of Darmstadt. In 1934 he completed his third dissertation, his post-doctoral theological thesis ("Habilitationsschrift"), which was accepted at the University of Giessen. This post-doctoral thesis in theological anthropology examines how human beings have been understood in the preaching of the church. 
As a member of the Confessing Church, Schlink supported the Barmen Declaration. He later interpreted this confession favorably in light of several key teachings in the Book of Concord, especially the distinction between law and gospel. Because of pressure from the Gestapo, which he and his superiors received as a result of his public criticism of the German Christians ("Deutsche Christen"), Schlink was removed from his teaching position at Giessen. Between 1935 and 1939 he taught at the seminary in Bethel, near Bielefeld (see also Bethel Foundation). After the Gestapo closed that seminary in 1939 and restricted Schlink's speaking and public movement, Schlink began serving as a pastor to several "confessing" congregations in Hesse and Westphalia. These included the Marienkirche and St. Reinoldikirche in Dortmund and eventually the Neustädter Marienkirche in Bielefeld. During 1943 and 1944, he also traveled monthly to Strasbourg for two-week periods in which he taught practical theology to seminarians there. In 1945 he became the director of the preachers' seminary in Soest for the Evangelical Church of Westphalia. After only a year there, he was called to become a professor of dogmatic and ecumenical theology at Heidelberg University. He would remain a member of this faculty until his retirement in 1971.
Schlink was married twice. His first wife, Elisabeth Winkelmann, with whom he had two daughters, died in 1936. He married his second wife, Irmgard Oswald (1914-2006), in 1938. They had two sons, Wilhelm Schlink (d. 2018) who was an art historian, and Bernhard Schlink, who is a lawyer and novelist. Schlink's daughter, Dorothea (d. 2019), was the wife of the former bishop of the Protestant Church in Baden, Klaus Engelhardt, who was also a former chairman of the council of the Evangelical Church in Germany.
Theological and ecumenical work.
Shortly after his arrival at Heidelberg in 1946, Schlink founded an ecumenical institute there, the first of its kind at a German university. That same year he helped to begin the first bi-lateral dialogue between Lutheran and Roman-Catholic theologians in Germany. This Ecumenical Working Group of Protestant and Catholic Theologians is the longest lasting such dialogue in history. This Working Group helped to improve ecumenical relations between the Lutheran World Federation and the Roman Catholic Church. In addition to encouraging dialogue among Christians, Schlink also supported inter-disciplinary discussions between theologians and scientists. Elected rector of Heidelberg University for the 1953-54 academic year, Schlink's rector's speech was the initial essay in the inaugural issue of the journal, "Kerygma und Dogma". For many years he served as an editor of this journal. Between 1955 and his death, he also helped to edit another important theological journal, "Ökumenische Rundschau".
Schlink was very involved in the World Council of Churches (WCC). He served as a leading figure on its Faith and Order Commission. He was a delegate to the first assembly of the WCC in Amsterdam (1948), as well as to the assemblies in Evanston (1954), New Delhi (1961), and Uppsala (1968). At the second assembly, he delivered the first keynote address, "Christ--The Hope for the World." Through his ecumenical work with Eastern Orthodox theologians, Schlink helped to bring the Russian Orthodox Church into the WCC in 1961.
Between 1962 and 1965 he was the official representative of the Evangelical Church in Germany to the Second Vatican Council. At the start of the first session of the council, he was selected by the official non-Catholic observers to serve as one of their official spokesmen. When Cardinal Augustin Bea hosted a formal reception for these non-Catholic observers at the start of the first session, Schlink was chosen to give the official response on behalf of all observers. His book on the whole council, "After the Council", was among the first to be published by a non-Catholic author.
Schlink's study of Christian baptism was a major resource for the WCC's ground-breaking document, "Baptism, Eucharist, and Ministry". His 804-page "Ecumenical Dogmatics", which contains prefaces by both a Roman-Catholic theologian (Heinrich Fries) and an Eastern Orthodox one (Nikos Nissiotis), "seeks to overcome basic dogmatic misunderstandings among the churches and to identify essential convergences in an effort to pave the way toward visible reunion of broken Christendom." 
Schlink was given honorary doctorates from three universities: the University of Mainz (1947), the University of Edinburgh (1953), and the Institute de Théologie Orthodoxe Saint-Serge Paris (1962; see St. Sergius Orthodox Theological Institute).
Schlink supervised numerous doctoral and post-doctoral dissertations by individuals who went on to become important theologians in their own right. Among them were Wolfhart Pannenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="7037307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037307" title="Video sender">
Video sender

A video sender (also known as a DigiSender, wireless video sender, AV sender or audio-video sender) is a device for transmitting domestic audio and video signals wirelessly from one location to another. It is most commonly used for sending the output of a source device, such as a satellite television decoder, to a television in another part of a property and provides an alternative to cable installations. Professional film sets use devices like the Teradek to transmit wireless video to a focus puller or a video village. 
A wide range of video sender technologies exist, including analogue wireless (radio), digital wireless (spread-spectrum, Wi-Fi, ultra-wideband) and digital wired (power-line communication). Other, less common, technologies also exist, such as those that use existing Ethernet networks.
Video senders have been a frequent cause of RF interference, particularly with car key fobs.
Overview.
Typical video sender applications include the transmission of television audio and video signals from a lounge to a bedroom or from a CCTV camera to a display, as well as interconnecting appliances with audio, video and Internet Protocol (IP) requirements.
Most video sender systems will consist of three separate components, a transmitter, a receiver and a remote control relay (also known as a magic eye or IR blaster). The transmitter is responsible for transmitting or broadcasting a connected audio-video device, while the receiver outputs that transmitted audio-video signal to a connected television. The remote control relay permits infrared remote controls to operate the equipment whose output is being transmitted.
As connectivity standards have changed in the television and audio-video markets, so it has in the video sender market, with older models usually featuring SCART and/or composite video and newer models featuring HDMI as their key means of connection to host equipment.
Analogue Wireless.
Analogue video senders have the advantage of low manufacturing costs as the audio and video signals are simply modulated onto a carrier at 2.4 GHz or 5.8 GHz. They do, however, have the adverse effect of causing reduced bandwidth to local Wi-Fi networks and, in some cases, Wi-Fi networks can cause picture interference on the video sender signal. More information can be found in the article on electromagnetic interference at 2.4 GHz. To avoid this, some video senders now use a spread-spectrum technology and can co-exist with wireless networks and share available bandwidth.
Usually there are four FM transmit channels, A, B, C &amp; D, with stereo audio on and FM subcarriers added to the composite video baseband. These different channels can often be used to overcome the adverse effects of nearby WiFi networks.
The reverse remote control channel is usually fixed at , using whatever modulation is on the to IR remote "carrier". ASK/OOK schemes such as RC5 and RC6 work best over the RF link as the receiver uses a data slicer and AGC designed for ASK/OOK with Manchester encoding.
Analogue wireless video senders can achieve typical operating distances of up to (clear line of sight) with DVD quality (720x576) video resolution and stereo audio.
Digital Wireless.
Digital video senders are quickly becoming the most popular solution and combine the use of a system on chip (used for audio and video encoding/decoding) with a means of transmitting the signal, such as spread-spectrum, Wi-Fi and ultra-wideband.
Early digital video sender models typically transmitted in DVD quality, but more recent models are capable of achieving 720p and 1080p high-definition resolutions.
Spread-spectrum.
Spread-spectrum techniques are methods by which a signal is deliberately spread in the frequency domain, resulting in a signal with a wider bandwidth. Within the video sender market, these techniques allow for a wireless signal to be transmitted with much less chance of interference from, and to, local Wi-Fi networks.
It is not uncommon for several Wi-Fi networks to be within range of a typical home and as such, spread-spectrum based video senders are often the best solution for transmitting audio and video signals within this crowded wireless environment.
Some manufacturers use proprietary spread-spectrum techniques, enabling typical operational ranges of up to in-building. By also employing externally mounted antennas, operational ranges in excess (clear line-of-sight) have been achieved and several such models are sold under the Digi-Sender brand.
Wi-Fi.
Video senders that operate on existing Wi-Fi networks have recently been developed and provide another interference free method of transmitting audio and video. Bandwidth over the Wi-Fi network will be shared between the video sender and all other connected devices, which can cause issues when used with older networking technologies, however this is not a problem with more recent 802.11n and 802.11ac technologies as the available bandwidth is so high. Due to the fact that they operate on the local Wi-Fi network, their range is limited, however Wi-Fi based video senders also allow for other interesting technologies to be included. These include technologies that allow for mobile device screen-mirroring, such as Miracast and AirPlay, as well as media streaming features such as DLNA.
Ultra-wideband.
Ultra-wideband is a technology for transmitting information spread over a large bandwidth (&gt;) and is generally used for short-range applications (typically or less) where a simple link is required from the source device to a monitor or television. As such, it is generally unsuitable for video sender applications that would require a signal to be sent to another room.
Digital Wired.
Several video sender technologies, such as power-line communication and HDBaseT, now exist that make use of existing networks, providing a wired video sender solution for distributing audio, video and internet connectivity around the home.
Power-line communication.
Video senders using power-line communication make use of existing mains electricity circuits to send the audio and video signals. This provides similar benefits to a wireless video sender i.e. no additional cabling, as well as the ability to transmit in high-definition and even ultra-high-definition resolutions.
HDBaseT.
In 2010 a new standard for cabled applications was released called HDBaseT a consumer electronic (CE) and commercial connectivity technology for transmission of uncompressed high-definition video (HD), audio, power, home networking, Ethernet, USB, and some control signals, over a common category (Cat5e or above) cable with a standard connector (RJ45).
Legality.
There are several issues which relate to the legality of video senders. The first is the manner in which the signal is being transmitted and the second relates to the copyright content of the material being transmitted such as DVDs and TV programmes.
Transmitting via radio within a home.
Transmitting signals wirelessly requires the product to be tested to relevant standards for wireless license exemption, these products are generally limited to 100 mW (10 mW in the UK) and for higher power models, used generally within the broadcasting industry, a licence is required. If the broadcast is across LAN or via similar IP technologies, such as the internet, then using streaming technology does not require a license. The regulator is the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in the United States who are responsible for the efficient use of radio bandwidth.
Copyrighted programme material.
A subscriber may wish to distribute TV to other televisions in the home and there is no limit to the number of TVs that can display the same signal. How the subscriber chooses to distribute his TV signals within his home is constantly changing. With an increasing number of TV displays around the home and a need for greater resolution the options continue to grow. Users are permitted to distribute copyright material provided it is being viewed by the subscriber or within the subscribers property. Generally, broadcasting copyright material (which applies to just about all broadcast channels) for viewing by members of the public is illegal. There have been a number of test cases where the rebroadcast of subscription channels and off-air channels to subscribers or publicly have been declared illegal.
Enforcement.
Agencies responsible for the enforcement of wireless telegraphy equipment are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="7037312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037312" title="Bill Buchanan (24)">
Bill Buchanan (24)



</doc>
<doc id="7037331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037331" title="Będzin County">
Będzin County

Będzin County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on 1 January 1999 as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Będzin, which lies north-east of the regional capital Katowice. The county contains four other towns: Czeladź, west of Będzin, Wojkowice, north-west of Będzin, Sławków, east of Będzin, and Siewierz, north-east of Będzin.
The town of Sławków, which became part of Będzin County in 2002 when it was transferred from Lesser Poland Voivodeship to Silesian Voivodeship, forms an exclave. It is separated from the rest of the county by the cities of Dąbrowa Górnicza and Sosnowiec.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 148,516. The most populated towns are Będzin with 56,624 inhabitants, Czeladź with 31,545 inhabitants and Wojkowice with 8,927 inhabitants.
Neighbouring counties.
Będzin County is bordered by Myszków County to the north, Zawiercie County to the north-east, the city of Dąbrowa Górnicza and (through Sławków) Olkusz County to the east, the city of Sosnowiec to the south, the cities of Siemianowice Śląskie and Piekary Śląskie to the west, and Tarnowskie Góry County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into eight gminas (four urban, one urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7037332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037332" title="Powiat of Będzin">
Powiat of Będzin



</doc>
<doc id="7037333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037333" title="Bedzin County">
Bedzin County



</doc>
<doc id="7037334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037334" title="AIM-132">
AIM-132



</doc>
<doc id="7037336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037336" title="Rubert Brooke">
Rubert Brooke



</doc>
<doc id="7037341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037341" title="Greek ironclad Psara">
Greek ironclad Psara

Psara () was a steel-built ironclad warship named for one of the Aegean Sea islands that played a key role in the war at sea during the Greek War of Independence. The final vessel of the , she was ordered in 1885 in response to a crisis in the Balkans and Ottoman naval expansion. The ship was launched in 1889 and delivered to Greece by 1902. She was armed with a main battery of three guns and five guns, and had a top speed of .
"Psara" and her sisters saw extensive service with the Greek Navy. They participated in the Greco–Turkish War in 1897 until the Great Powers intervened and prevented the Greek Navy from capitalizing on their superiority over the Ottoman Navy. "Psara" saw action in the First Balkan War at the Naval Battle of Elli and was present at the Naval Battle of Lemnos, but was too slow to actively engage the Ottoman forces. She did not see action during World War I, and was reduced to a training ship for stokers after the end of the war. She was ultimately broken up for scrap in 1932.
Design.
"Psara" was long between perpendiculars and had a beam of and a mean draft of . She displaced as built. She was powered by a pair of marine steam engines of unknown type with steam provided by four coal-fired fire-tube boilers; they were rated at and provided a top speed of . Coal storage amounted to .
"Psara"s main battery consisted of three Canet guns in individual mounts. Two guns were mounted forward in barbettes on either side of the forward superstructure; these were L/34 guns. The third gun, a L/28 gun, was placed in a turret aft. The secondary battery consisted of four L/36 guns in casemates were mounted below the forward main battery, and a fifth 5.9-inch gun was placed on the centerline on the same deck as the main battery. A number of smaller guns were carried for defense against torpedo boats. These included four L/22 guns, four 3-pounder guns, four 1-pounder guns, and six 1-pounder Hotchkiss revolver cannons. The ship was also armed with three torpedo tubes, one on each broadside and one in the bow.
The ship was armored with a mix of Creusot and compound steel. The main belt was thick in the central section and was reduced to at either end of the vessel. The main battery barbettes were protected by up to 14 inches of armor. "Psara" was fitted with an armor deck that was thick.
Service history.
In 1885, Greece ordered three new ironclads of the . "Psara" was ordered from the "Société Nouvelle des Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée" shipyard in Le Havre, France, during the premiership of Charilaos Trikoupis. The ship, named for the island of Psara, was launched in 1890, and by 1892, she and her sister-ships "Spetsai" and "Hydra" were delivered to the Greek fleet.
"Psara" saw limited action in the Greco–Turkish War in 1897, as the Royal Hellenic Navy was unable to make use of its superiority over the Ottoman Navy. The Ottoman Navy had remained in port during the conflict, but a major naval intervention of the Great Powers prevented the Greeks from capitalizing on their superiority. The conflict was precipitated by an 1897-1898 Christian uprising against Ottoman rule on the island of Crete, which was the object of an intervention between February 1897 and December 1898 by the International Squadron, a multinational force made up of ships of the Austro-Hungarian Navy, French Navy, Imperial German Navy, Italian Royal Navy ("Regia Marina"), Imperial Russian Navy, and British Royal Navy. The international intervention in Crete concluded with the creation of an autonomous Cretan State under the suzerainty of the Ottoman Empire in December 1898.
Between 1897 and 1900, "Psara" and her sister-ships were partially rearmed; "Psara" was modified at the La Seyne shipyard. Their small-caliber guns were replaced with one gun forward, eight guns, four 3-pounders, and ten 1-pounder revolver cannon. One of the 14-inch torpedo tubes was replaced with a weapon. In 1908–1910, the old 5.9 in guns were replaced with new, longer L/45 models.
The Balkan League, of which Greece was a member, declared war on the Ottoman Empire in October 1912. Two months later, the Ottoman fleet attacked the Greek navy, in an attempt to disrupt the naval blockade surrounding the Dardanelles. The Ottoman fleet, which included "Turgut Reis", "Barbaros Hayreddin", the outdated ironclad battleships "Mesudiye" and "Âsâr-ı Tevfik", nine destroyers, and six torpedo boats, sortied from the Dardanelles at 9:30. The smaller ships remained at the mouth of the straits while the battleships sailed north, remaining near to the coast. The Greek flotilla, which included the armored cruiser "Georgios Averof" and "Psara" and her sisters, had been sailing from the island of Imbros to the patrol line outside the straits. When the Ottomans were sighted, the Greeks altered course to the northeast in order to block the advance of their opponents. In the ensuing Naval Battle of Elli, the Ottoman ships opened fire first, at 9:50, from a range of about 15,000 yards; the Greeks returned fire ten minutes later, by which time the range had decreased significantly to 8,500 yards. At 10:04, the Ottoman ships completed a 16-point turn, which reversed their course, and steamed for the safety of the straits in a disorganized withdrawal. Within an hour, the routed Ottoman ships had withdrawn into the Dardanelles.
The Naval Battle of Lemnos resulted from an Ottoman plan to lure the faster "Georgios Averof" away from the Dardanelles. The protected cruiser "Hamidiye" evaded the Greek blockade and broke out into the Aegean Sea; the assumption was that the Greeks would dispatch "Georgios Averof" to hunt down "Hamidiye". Despite the threat to Greek lines of communication posed by the cruiser, the Greek commander refused to detach "Georgios Averof" from her position. "Georgios Averof" appeared approximately 12 miles from Lemnos; when the powerful Greek ship was spotted, the Ottomans turned to retreat with "Georgios Averof" in pursuit. She scored several hits on the fleeing Ottoman ships before breaking off the chase. "Psara" and her sisters were too slow to keep up with "Georgios Averof", and played no part in the engagement. Since "Georgios Averof" was needed to keep the blockade, "Psara" and four destroyers were detached to hunt down "Hamidiye". "Psara" was much slower than the Turkish cruiser, and had no real chance of catching her, and "Hamidiye" remained at large until the end of the war in May 1913.
By 1914, "Psara" had been withdrawn from active duty to serve as a training ship for engine room personnel. At the outbreak of World War I at the end of July 1914, Greece's pro-German monarch, Constantine I, decided to remain neutral. The Entente powers landed troops in Salonika in 1915, which was a source of tension between France and Greece. Ultimately, the French seized the Greek Navy on 19 October 1916; the heavy units of the Greek fleet were disarmed and placed in reserve for the remainder of the war. After the end of the war, "Psara" became a school for quartermasters and later a school for junior boys at Poros, until she was sold for scrap in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="7037347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037347" title="Virginia State Route 249">
Virginia State Route 249

State Route 249 (SR 249) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. Known as New Kent Highway, the state highway runs from Interstate 64 (I-64) and SR 33 near Bottoms Bridge east to SR 33 and SR 30 at Angelview Church. According to signage on the segment of New Kent Highway between U.S. Route 60 (US 60) and I-64, SR 249 extends slightly south from I-64 to end at US 60. SR 249, which is the old alignment of SR 33 before that highway was rerouted onto I-64, is the main local highway of northern New Kent County, providing access to the county seat of New Kent.
Route description.
SR 249 begins at a partial cloverleaf interchange with I-64 and SR 33 near Bottoms Bridge at the western end of New Kent County. New Kent Highway continues south as SR 33 to that highway's junction with US 60 though this short segment of road is also signed as SR 249. SR 249 passes through the interchange as a four-lane divided highway but reduces to a two-lane undivided road as it curves east. The state highway passes through the hamlet of Quinton and meets the northern end of SR 106 (Emmaus Church Road) at a roundabout in Talleysville. East of Carps Corner, the site of the highway's junction with SR 155 (Courthouse Road), SR 249 passes through New Kent, which features the county courthouse, county offices, and the county's high school and middle school. The state highway reaches its eastern terminus at a four-way intersection with SR 30 and SR 33 at Angelview Church. SR 33 passes through the intersection as Eltham Road. SR 30 heads east concurrently with SR 33 toward West Point and southeast along a continuation of New Kent Highway toward Williamsburg.
History.
The current SR 249 was assigned in the early 1970s to a portion of former State Route 33 in New Kent County. The western roughly follow the old Richmond-Williamsburg Stage Road, and it currently is named New Kent Highway. (The continuation east across SR 33 as State Route 632 is still named Old Stage Road.) The Old Stage Road was one of two routes heavily used by both Confederate and Union troops in 1862 during the Peninsula Campaign of the American Civil War.
In the early 1970s, the new I-64 was under construction east of Richmond. Although primarily following the alignment of US 60 in this area, traffic relief for other roadways was also anticipated. Nearby, SR 33 between Eltham and Quinton in New Kent County had an extraordinarily high accident rate due to heavy weekend traffic to waterfront points in eastern Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="7037353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037353" title="Satyrion">
Satyrion

In Greek mythology, Satyrion or Satyria was a nymph perhaps from the region of Taranto, Italy. Her union with the god Poseidon produced Taras, eponymous founder of Taras.

</doc>
<doc id="7037358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037358" title="Częstochowa County">
Częstochowa County

Częstochowa County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Częstochowa, although the city is not part of the county (it constitutes a separate city county). The towns in Częstochowa County are Blachownia, Koniecpol, Przyrów and Olsztyn.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 134,637, out of which the population of Blachownia is 9,545, that of Koniecpol is 5,910, and the rural population is 119,182.
Neighbouring counties.
Apart from the city of Częstochowa, Częstochowa County is also bordered by Pajęczno County to the north, Radomsko County to the north-east, Włoszczowa County to the east, Zawiercie County and Myszków County to the south, Lubliniec County to the west, and Kłobuck County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 16 gminas (two urban-rural and 14 rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
Administration.
Częstochowa County Council.
Majority (coalition): PSL (green) - 9, KO (orange) - 1, local committees (black) - 7
Opposition: PiS (blue) - 8

</doc>
<doc id="7037361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037361" title="Powiat of Częstochowa">
Powiat of Częstochowa



</doc>
<doc id="7037362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037362" title="MMZ4">
MMZ4



</doc>
<doc id="7037363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037363" title="Czestochowa County">
Czestochowa County



</doc>
<doc id="7037365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037365" title="MegaMan Zero 4">
MegaMan Zero 4



</doc>
<doc id="7037368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037368" title="Dan Capecci">
Dan Capecci



</doc>
<doc id="7037370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037370" title="Nudity in combat">
Nudity in combat

The practice of entering combat without the use of clothing and armor has been documented on several occasions in history. The artistic convention of heroic nudity was established in the art of ancient Greece by the Archaic period.
Historical instances of nudity in combat.
Polybius' Histories describe how the Gaesatae, hired by other Celtic peoples, the Boii and Insubres, as mercenaries to fight the Romans, stood naked at the head of their army at the Battle of Telamon in 225BC. The Boii and Insubres at this very battle are described fighting barechested, retaining only their trousers, shoes and cloaks.
Diodorus Siculus reported other instances of such combat: "Some use iron breast-plates in battle, while others fight naked, trusting only in the protection which nature gives."
Livy tells of how the Tolistobogii of Galatia fought naked, being proud of their spilt blood and even widening gashes they received themselves.
At the Battle of Cannae, Hannibal employed masses of Insubres and Boii warriors. Polybius describes them as fighting naked, armed only with their oval shields and long swords, although Livy has them only nude from waist up.
Modern instances of nudity in combat.
In some martial arts that are designed to be used for military fighting, full or partial nudity still occurs. The traditional "donga" style of stick fighting practiced by the young warriors, now bearing firearms, of the Omo Valley Suri tribe of South Sudan and western Ethiopia, is often practiced entirely naked. Serious injury is not uncommon, and wounds incurred during stick fighting are occasionally fatal. In the Vietnam War, Viet Cong sappers used to slip through barbed wire naked or almost naked. During the First Liberian Civil War, warlord General Butt Naked and his fighters fought naked under the belief it would make them immune to bullets.

</doc>
<doc id="7037372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037372" title="Gliwice County">
Gliwice County

Gliwice County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Gliwice, although the city is not part of the county (it constitutes a separate city county). The county contains four towns: Knurów, south of Gliwice, Pyskowice, north of Gliwice, Toszek, north-west of Gliwice, and Sośnicowice, west of Gliwice.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 115,571. The most populated towns are Knurów with 38,310 inhabitants and Pyskowice with 18,432 inhabitants.
Neighbouring counties.
Apart from the city of Gliwice, Gliwice County is also bordered by Tarnowskie Góry County to the north-east, the city of Zabrze to the east, Mikołów County and the city of Ruda Śląska to the south-east, Rybnik County and the city of Rybnik to the south, Racibórz County to the south-west, Kędzierzyn-Koźle County to the west, and Strzelce County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into eight gminas (two urban, two urban-rural and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7037373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037373" title="Powiat of Gliwice">
Powiat of Gliwice



</doc>
<doc id="7037375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037375" title="Open engineering">
Open engineering



</doc>
<doc id="7037377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037377" title="Sandra Palmer (24 character)">
Sandra Palmer (24 character)



</doc>
<doc id="7037381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037381" title="Poverty in Pakistan">
Poverty in Pakistan

 
Poverty in Pakistan has been recorded by the World Bank at 39.4% using the lower middle-income poverty rate of 3.65 per day (2017 PPP) for the fiscal year 2023–24. In September 2021, the government stated that 22% percent of its population lives below the national poverty line set at per month.
Independent bodies supported estimates of a considerable fall in the statistic by the 2007-08 fiscal year, when it was estimated that 17.2% of the total population lived below the poverty line. The declining trend in poverty as seen in the country during the 1970s and 1980s was reversed in the 1990s by poor federal policies and rampant corruption. This phenomenon has been referred to as the "poverty bomb". In 2001, the government was assisted by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in preparing the "Interim Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper" that suggests guidelines to reduce poverty in the country. According to a 2016 report submitted by Ministry of Planning and Development in the National Assembly of Pakistan, about 24.3% Pakistani lived below the poverty line which translates into 55 million people. 
In 2022, Pakistan's Human Development Index (HDI) was 0.544, and ranks 161 out of 192 countries. In 2024, Pakistan ranked 164 out of 194 countries. However, the ranking under the inequality adjusted Human Development Index (IHDI) was 138th. 
As of 2025, approximately 45% of Pakistan’s population was living below the poverty line. The information was based on revised poverty thresholds and survey data from 2018–19. The World Bank also noted a rise in extreme poverty, with the proportion increasing from 4.9% to 16.5%. Additionally, 10 million additional individuals were found to be at risk of descending into poverty.
Wealth distribution.
Wealth distribution in Pakistan is slightly varied, with the top 10% of the population earning 27.6% and the bottom 10% earning only 4.1% of the income. Pakistan generally has a low Gini coefficient and therefore a decent distribution of income (relatively lower inequality). 
In 2015, 24.3% Pakistanis lived below Pakistan's definition of poverty. Statistics vary due to the definition of poverty. According to the World Bank, poverty in Pakistan fell from 64.3% in 2001 to 24.3% in 2015. Poverty headcount ratio at $1.90 a day (2011 PPP) (% of population) fell from 6.2% in 2013 to 4% in 2015. Pakistan has made substantial progress in reducing poverty giving it the second lowest headcount poverty rate in South Asia.
AidData cites the World Bank and states that overall "Pakistan has done well in converting economic growth into poverty reduction."
According to a World Bank report in 2019, districts varied widely in poverty, with the richest district Abbottabad at a head count ratio of 5.8pc and the poorest district — Washuk District in Balochistan — at 72.5pc.
Poverty rate by province.
Percent of population living on less than $2.15, $3.65 and $6.85 a day, international dollars (2017 PPP) as per the World Bank.
Spatial distribution of poverty.
During the last decade, poverty elimination programs helped many of the poor to participate and rise up. However the 2008 financial crisis and other factors such as the occupation of Afghanistan impacted Pakistani growth. Poverty in Pakistan has historically been higher in rural areas and lower in the cities. Out of the total 40 million living below the poverty line, thirty million live in rural areas. Poverty rose sharply in the rural areas in the 1990s and the gap in income between urban and rural areas of the country became more significant. This trend has been attributed to a disproportionate impact of economic events in the rural and urban areas. Punjab also has significant gradients in poverty among the different regions of the province.
Despite this, tremendous progress has been made in many areas. The NWFP now boasts several universities including the Ghulam Ishaq Khan University of Science and Technology. Peshawar, a sleep cantonment during British towns, is a modern cosmopolitan city. Much more can be done to invest in the social and economic structures. NWFP remains steeped in tribal culture, though the biggest Pahan city is Soviet invasion of neighboring Afghanistan is intact and according to Western reports supported the Taliban regime. These and other activities have led to a breakdown of law and order in many parts of the region.
Poverty.
The gender discriminatory practices in Pakistani society also shape the distribution of poverty in the country. Traditional gender roles in Pakistan define the woman's place as in the home and not in the workplace, and define the man as the breadwinner. Consequently, the society invests far less in women than men. Women in Pakistan suffer from poverty of opportunities throughout their lives. Female literacy in Pakistan is 46% compared to Male literacy at 69%. In legislative bodies, women constituted less than 3% of the legislature elected on general seats before 2002. The 1973 Constitution allowed reserved seats for women in both houses of parliament for a period of 20 years, thus ensuring that women would be represented in parliament regardless of whether or not they are elected on general seats. This provision lapsed in 1993, so parliaments elected subsequently did not 
have reserved seats for women. Reserved seats for women have been restored after the election of 2002 .Now women have 20% seats reserved for them in Parliament .
According to the United Nations Human Development Report, Pakistan's human development indicators, especially those for women, fall significantly below those of countries with comparable levels of per-capita income. Pakistan also has a higher infant mortality rate (88 per 1000) than the South Asian average (83 per 1000).
Economic and social vulnerability.
"Vulnerability" in this case stands for the underlying susceptibility of economically deprived people to fall into poverty as a result of exogenous random shocks. Vulnerable households are generally found to have low expenditure levels. Households are considered vulnerable if they do not have the means to smooth out their expenses in response to changes in income. In general, vulnerability is likely to be high in households clustered around the poverty line. Since coping strategies for vulnerable households depend primarily on their sources of income, exogenous shocks can increase reliance on non-agricultural wages. Such diversification has not occurred in many parts of Pakistan, leading to an increased dependence on credit.
Due to this economic vulnerability, a large portion of Pakistan’s population is unable to access or qualify for credit and loans through traditional banking institutions. Furthermore, the majority of major banking institutions are concentrated primarily urban areas are unable to reach the large populations living within these rural areas.
While economic vulnerability is a key factor in the rise of poverty in Pakistan, vulnerability also arises from social powerlessness, political disenfranchisement, and ill-functioning and distortionary institutions, and these also are important causes of the persistence of vulnerability among the poor.
Other causes of vulnerability in Pakistan are the everyday harassment by corrupt government officials, as well as their underperformance, exclusion and denial of basic rights to many in Pakistan. Also, lack of adequate health care by the state lead the poor to seek private sources, which are expensive, but still preferable to the possibility of medical malpractice and being given expired medicines in state run medical facilities. Also, the failure by the state to provide adequate law and order in many parts of the country is a factor in the rise of vulnerability of the poor.
Environmental issues.
Environmental problems in Pakistan, such as erosion, use of agro-chemicals, deforestation etc. contribute to rising poverty in Pakistan. Increasing pollution contributes to increasing risk of toxicity, and poor industrial standards in the country contribute to rising pollution.
Lack of adequate governance.
By the end of the 1990s, the manner in which power is exercised in the management of a country's social and economic status resources for development emerged as Pakistan's foremost developmental problem. Corruption and political instabilities such as the insurgency in Balochistan and decade long armed conflict with the Taliban in Waziristan region resulted in reduction of business confidence, deterioration of economic growth, reduced public expenditure, poor delivery of public services, and undermining of the rule of law. The security threat on the border with India has dominated Pakistan's culture and has led to the domination of military in politics, excessive spending on defense at the expense of social sectors, and the erosion of law and order, in conjunction with several implementations of martial law and approximately four coup d'états in the past fifty years. However, Pakistan's poverty rate did halve under Zia ul Haq's regime mainly due to agricultural modernization, Zakat policy and foreign aid. 98
Pakistan has been run by military dictatorships for large periods of time, alternating with limited democracy. These rapid changes in governments led to rapid policy changes and reversals and the reduction of transparency and accountability in government. The onset of military regimes have contributed to non-transparency in resource allocation. Those who do not constitute the political elite are unable to make political leaders and the Government responsive to their needs or accountable to promises. Development priorities are determined not by potential beneficiaries but by the bureaucracy and a political elite which may or may not be in touch with the needs of the citizens. Political instability and macroeconomic imbalances have been reflected in poor creditworthiness ratings, even compared to other countries of similar income levels, with resulting capital flight and lower foreign direct investment inflows. The current government of Pakistan has professed commitments to reforms in this area.
In addition, Pakistan's major cities and urban centres are home to an estimated 1.2 million street children. This includes beggars and scavengers who are often very young. The law and order problem worsens their condition as boys and girls are fair game to others who would force them into stealing, scavenging and smuggling to survive. A large proportion consumes readily available solvents to starve off hunger, loneliness and fear. Children are vulnerable to contracting STDs such as HIV/AIDS, as well as other diseases.
Feudalism.
Pakistan is home to a large feudal landholding system where landholding families hold thousands of acres and do little work on the agriculture themselves. Since, feudalism is rampant in such areas, people cannot acquire and hold land, which is one of the main sources of livelihood in rural agricultural areas of Pakistan. They enlist the services of their serfs to perform the labour of the land. 51% of poor tenants owe money to the landlords. The landlords' position of power allows them to exploit the only resource the poor can possibly provide: their own labour.
Inequality and natural disasters.
The 2010 Pakistan floods accentuated differences between the wealthy and poor in Pakistan. Abdullah Hussain Haroon, Pakistan's diplomat to the United Nations, alleged that wealthy feudal warlords and landowners in Pakistan have been diverting funds and resources away from the poor and into their own private relief efforts. Haroon also alluded to evidence that landowners had allowed embankments to burst, leading to water flowing away from their land. Pakistan is the sixth most populous country in the world, 60% of its inhabitants are under the age of thirty. The floods have accentuated the sharp divisions in Pakistan between the wealthy and the poor. The wealthy, with better access to transportation and other facilities, have suffered far less than the poor of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="7037382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037382" title="Kyle Finkster">
Kyle Finkster



</doc>
<doc id="7037393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037393" title="Charles Logan (24)">
Charles Logan (24)

Charles Logan is a fictional character played by Gregory Itzin in the television series "24". During the show's fourth season, Logan is the Vice President of the United States who is sworn into office as President of the United States when then President is critically injured in a terrorist attack. Subsequently, Logan's administration fell into corruption. The show's fifth season sees him engage in a massive conspiracy to solidify United States oil interests. Logan appears in the fifth and eighth seasons as the primary antagonist.
For the role, Itzin received two Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 2006 and Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series in 2010.
Characterization.
Charles Logan has a Bachelor of Arts degree in History from Princeton University. Prior to his vice-presidency, he served as the CEO of Western Energy Coal &amp; Reserve; he also served in the California State Legislature, as Lieutenant Governor of California and as a United States Senator.
Logan possesses several characteristics that diminish his capacity to serve as president. In contrast to Palmer, Logan is seemingly incapable of making hard decisions independently, relying on the recommendations of his advisors. If none are available, Logan tries to withdraw himself from the situation entirely. Additionally, his resolve is weak, as he rarely stands behind the decisions he makes. Furthermore, he boasts of his achievements after a crisis is over, even if his claims do not reflect the reality of the situation.
After season 5 revealed that Logan was behind the backfiring conspiracy, show executive producer Evan Katz said that the President was more of a man hiding a secret and was just being a little smarter about how he projects himself. Star Kiefer Sutherland also noted that people like Logan who are underestimated can become very dangerous because it gives them a sort of cover.
In the commentary for the show's fifth season DVD, Itzin mentions how he, with the help of Jean Smart, who played his wife Martha, developed an extensive backstory for Logan to help focus his performance. Among other things, he decided that Logan was the son of a distinguished military and political leader. Logan's father physically abused him as a child, which Logan references twice in the finale; first when he tells Jack that he's a lot tougher than he appears to be, then again when he warns Martha that she doesn't know what pain is.
The backstory also included the Logans' son, who died in his twenties several years ago (which might have been the cause of Martha's mental breakdown). Throughout the day, Logan carried a small chain in his pocket which had been a gift from his son, though most shots that show the chain (such as when his pockets are emptied when Jack interrogates him) were cut for time. Itzin also commented that David Palmer was also a friend to Logan's son and visited him extensively.
Logan's reappearance in the sixth season show a man who is deeply sorry about his actions in the previous season. Logan has all but stated he is now a born again Christian and is searching for redemption. A scene of Logan in private confirms this, showing him grasping a Bible and quoting a passage for comfort. While he showed no ulterior motives, both President Wayne Palmer and Logan's ex-wife Martha understandably showed doubt as to whether Logan has truly changed.
While Logan may have changed during his reappearance in the sixth season, his actions in the eighth season show that he had either reverted to his previous self or he had never actually changed. He was still shown to be obsessed with establishing his legacy, committing more and more ruthless actions to do so and manipulating the new president Allison Taylor into pushing a peace treaty that was built on false premises.
Itzin has acknowledged a physical resemblance between himself and President Richard Nixon: "I have the hairline, and my posture’s mediocre."
Appearances.
24: Season 4.
Logan is first contacted by President when it is discovered that Mitch Anderson commandeered a stealth fighter with the intent to shoot down Air Force One. Efforts to neutralize the stealth fighter fail, and Air Force One is shot down. As a result, the incapacitated Keeler was deemed unable to serve as president, and Logan was appointed president as a result of the Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
After being sworn in, Logan is informed by one of his senior advisors, Mike Novick, that Marwan and his terrorist organization have managed to recover several codes to the nation's nuclear arsenal. While Marwan's people manage to steal a nuclear warhead and successfully launch it on board a missile, CTU Los Angeles desperately attempts to track him.
Unfortunately, Logan proves unprepared for both the office and the crisis. When CTU arrests an American civilian named Joe Prado due to his employment under Marwan, Logan is hesitant to face the political risk of detaining Prado without charge. Logan is slow to act, even though CTU and Novick point out that Prado is their only means of finding Marwan in time.
Unwilling to let Logan waste precious time, CTU agent Jack Bauer convinces his superiors to release Prado; afterwards he tortures Prado into revealing one of Marwan's hideouts. Logan, furious that Bauer has acted without his approval, dispatches the Secret Service to arrest him. However, the Secret Service disrupts Bauer's operation to capture Marwan, allowing him to escape.
Logan begins to doubt his ability to govern during the crisis. In response, Novick recruits David Palmer as an advisor, due to the crises he has faced as president. Though Logan initially welcomes Palmer's counsel, he becomes increasingly isolated as Palmer and Novick assume a more active role in leading the search for Marwan.
Eventually, CTU locates Marwan. Although he kills himself to avoid capture, CTU manages to use Marwan's equipment to track the missile and shoot it down before it reaches its target. Despite his lack of leadership during the crisis, Logan quickly accepts credit for his presumed handling of the situation. His only concession to Palmer is a private statement that he had "played a role".
In the midst of the hunt for Marwan, Palmer authorizes a covert CTU operation led by Bauer to extract Lee Jong, an associate of Marwan's, from the Chinese consulate in Los Angeles. During the incident, the Chinese Consul is killed by friendly fire. Chinese officials eventually link the operation to Bauer and demand his extradition.
Walt Cummings, Logan's aide, suggests arranging Bauer's murder to prevent his knowledge from being exploited by the Chinese. Though Logan vocally rejects this proposal, Novick later overhears a phone conversation in which Cummings orders a Secret Service agent to kill Bauer before he is turned over to Chinese authorities.
Palmer informs Logan of Cumming's actions, but the president disbelieves the story and refuses to take action. Palmer warns Bauer of the threat on his life, causing Bauer and his CTU colleagues to fake his death. While Bauer goes into hiding, Logan remains unaware of the truth, believing that the situation has been resolved.
24: Season 5.
Logan prepares to meet Russian president Yuri Suvarov to sign an anti-terrorism defense treaty, seeing the event as the highlight of his presidency. He is startled by the news of David Palmer's assassination, which takes place the morning the treaty is to be signed. First Lady Martha Logan insists that Palmer had previously contacted her, warning of a possible terrorist attack. Logan, while seemingly sympathetic, is skeptical given her history of mental illness. Meanwhile, Eastern European separatists take hostages at an airport in opposition to the treaty. Logan orders CTU to organize a rescue, allowing the treaty to be signed as planned.
Walt Cummings comes to Logan and admits his complicity in Palmer's murder and the airport incident, and further confesses his involvement in an imminent terrorist attack involving the dispersal of nerve gas. Cummings claims that the attack will justify a stronger U.S. presence in Asia, and promote a greater acquisition of oil from the region. He also says that the American agent monitoring the attack has gone dark and is now beyond Cummings' reach. Logan is apparently appalled by Cummings' actions.
Meanwhile, Bauer, who has emerged from hiding to investigate Palmer's assassination, discovers that Cummings knows more about the plot than what he let on to Logan. After convincing Secret Service agent Aaron Pierce to let him speak with Logan, Bauer confronts Cummings and forces him to confess. Logan promptly orders Cummings arrested. Unfortunately, when government forces move in on the location of the nerve gas, they find it missing and the American agent dead. The terrorists had apparently discovered Cummings' plan.
Shortly after reinstating Bauer at CTU, Logan learns that Cummings has committed suicide. Meanwhile, the terrorists plan to release the nerve gas in a Los Angeles shopping mall. CTU head Lynn McGill urges Logan to allow the terrorists to succeed—potentially killing up to nine-hundred Americans—in the hopes of catching them and safeguarding the remaining canisters. Despite Audrey Raines' insistence that such a decision would be immoral, Logan agrees to McGill's plan. However, due to Bauer's last-minute intervention, the attack only kills eleven people.
Immediately thereafter, separatist leader Vladimir Bierko gives an ultimatum to Logan, demanding President Suvarov's motorcade route or else face the release of the remaining nerve gas. Ultimately, Logan caves to their demands. Unbeknownst to Logan, Martha joins Suvarov's motorcade in a successful attempt to have the route changed. After CTU thwarts the planned attack, Logan's vice president, Hal Gardner, suggests that he declare martial law until the end of the crisis. Logan does so, much to the dismay of Martha and Novick.
It is revealed that Logan has collaborated with former CTU agent Christopher Henderson in orchestrating the day's attacks. When CTU finally defeats the terrorists, Logan turns his full attention to eliminating all evidence of his crimes, ordering Henderson to stop Bauer and Wayne Palmer from retrieving an audio tape incriminating him in David Palmer's assassination. Logan has Bauer framed for the murder and issues an executive warrant for his arrest. When questioned, Logan claims to have evidence which he will disclose after Bauer is in custody.
Once Jack retrieves the tape, he heads to Van Nuys Airport to hand it off to Secretary of Defense James Heller, with the intent to bring down Logan. Once Heller is in possession of the recording, he attempts to cut a deal with Logan, requesting he step down quietly, and in return the recording will never see the light of day. Logan prepares to sign his resignation with Gardner being his witness before Henderson reveals he has retrieved the recording from Heller's men and Jack. Logan then asks Heller to tender his resignation.
Later, Logan is told by one of his co-conspirators, Graem, that Martha must be silenced. Logan confesses to Martha his culpability in Palmer's death and implores her to remain quiet for the good of the country. Logan tries one final time to control the situation, when Bauer hijacks a 727 plane being co-piloted by the man who has the recording. Graem fakes a distress signal from the plane, giving Logan the pretext to shoot it down. When the plane makes an emergency landing, Novick talks Logan out of shooting it down. Jack escapes with the tape.
Logan and Graem agree that the president must commit suicide, reasoning that his trial would do irreparable damage to the country. After apologizing to Martha, Logan prepares to shoot himself. Before he can, Logan receives a call from Miles Papazian, telling him that he will prevent the U.S. Attorney General from hearing the tape. Once he learns that Papazian has erased the tape, he cancels Bauer's arrest warrant. Logan meets with Aaron Pierce, whom he had taken prisoner before he could meet with Martha several hours earlier. Pierce refuses any deal with Logan, and Logan orders Adams to kill Pierce, although Pierce subsequently escaped with help from Martha and Mike Novick.
At 5:59:03 a.m., Martha stalls the president by sleeping with him, allowing Bauer to sneak aboard Marine One. Once he is aboard, the president is kidnapped and interrogated by Bauer. Jack is unable to extract a confession from Logan, and is arrested by authorities. However, unbeknownst to Logan, Jack secretly placed a microtransmitter which later records him confessing his deeds to Martha. Logan is consequently arrested by U.S. Marshals during his eulogy of David Palmer, and is led away while Martha and Novick look on.
Karen Hayes speculates that Logan may be granted clemency for his actions in exchange for his immediate resignation in order to protect the country from the embarrassment of a trial. Hal Gardner was then expected to be sworn in as the new president. It was revealed during Day 6 that Logan resigned from office after pleading guilty to obstructing justice, and was placed under house arrest. His role in Palmer's assassination and the events of Day 5 were not publicized.
24: Season 6.
When Jack Bauer is left a phone number by his father, Phillip, his call is answered by Logan, who has been placed under house arrest since Day 5. Logan agrees to help Bauer find Dmitri Gredenko, a Russian national who has supplied Islamic terrorists with Soviet-made nuclear weapons. Logan reveals that one of Gredenko's supporters, Anatoly Markov, was involved in the conspiracy during Day 5, and that Logan intends to use this knowledge as leverage in order to gain information on Gredenko. He insists that he is looking for redemption, but Bauer and President Wayne Palmer remain deeply distrustful. Palmer reluctantly grants Logan a temporary release in order to confront Markov.
Logan enters a Russian consulate to confront Markov, threatening to implicate him in the Day 5 conspiracy unless he gives up Gredenko. Markov claims not to know anything. Logan leaves the consulate convinced that Markov is lying, prompting Jack to sneak into the consulate alone to extract information from Markov.
When Jack is in their custody, Logan requests he speak to Martha, who is now institutionalized. During the visit, Martha is disgusted by Logan's presence. Just when it is agreed that Martha would make the call, in a sudden fit of rage she stabs him in the shoulder with a kitchen knife, severing an artery. Logan is rushed to the hospital, but begins to flatline en route, with his last words, "Martha" before losing consciousness. He is not heard from for the rest of the season.
24: Season 8.
Charles Logan makes his first appearance in the season when he offers to help President Taylor with the Russian government, who are attempting to back out of a peace treaty following the assassination of President Omar Hassan. The Russians' explanation is they do not believe the new President of the IRK, Hassan's wife Dalia, will be able to hold up the peace agreement; therefore they wish to drop out and have no part in it. Also during this episode it is learned that Logan was granted a presidential pardon from President Daniels.
Later, Jack Bauer learns of Logan's involvement in the government cover-up of Russian involvement in the death of President Hassan when he checks the recent calls of the assassin of Renee Walker. In the following hours, Logan attempts to prevent information about Russian involvement in Hassan's death being released, in order to protect himself and to prevent it undermining the treaty. As in his final hours as president, Logan is willing to go to any lengths to protect himself, including sanctioning murder, torture and press censorship. Logan persuades Taylor to have CTU mole quietly tortured for the location of the evidence by men hired by him rather than grant her a pardon, and arrest journalist Meredith Reed to prevent her publishing the evidence given to her by Bauer. He also has Taylor place his aide Jason Pillar in charge of the hunt to find Jack Bauer, allowing Pillar to pass on information to Russian agents who will then kill Bauer. Numerous attempts to kill Bauer prove unsuccessful, however, increasing the pressure on Logan.
In the meantime Logan's private escort is attacked by Bauer, who kidnaps him and takes him underground. Bauer threatens to kill Logan unless he gives up the names of those behind the day's events: Logan names Novakovich, the Russian foreign minister. Unbeknown to Logan, Bauer also places a microtransmitter on him; Bauer listens in as Logan incriminates himself further in a conversation with Russian President Yuri Suvarov. Bauer leaves him there unconscious, only fifteen minutes before Novakovich is found dead. Logan is in a hospital bed when the episode ends. Bauer later finds Logan again, intending to use him to lure Suvarov into a trap so Bauer can assassinate him, although he then abandons the plan.
When Bauer is eventually captured, Logan makes arrangements for him to be murdered, taking President Taylor's silence as tacit approval. However, at the last moment she refuses to sign the peace treaty and rescinds the order for Bauer's death. Realizing that his plans to kill Jack Bauer and return to political power have failed, Logan murders his right-hand man Jason Pillar and then shoots himself in the head. However, he survives. EMTs responding to the scene believe that he will suffer permanent brain damage.
Critical reception.
Gregory Itzin was commended for his portrayal of a weak president, with some critics commenting that the character was partly inspired by Richard Nixon.
In 2006, Itzin was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series. In 2010, Itzin was also nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series for his appearance in the eighth season for the episode "Season 8: 1:00 p.m. – 2:00 p.m."

</doc>
<doc id="7037397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037397" title="AC bias">
AC bias



</doc>
<doc id="7037402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037402" title="Furtado">
Furtado

Furtado is a surname of Portuguese origin common in Portugal and Brazil.
This last name is also found in Goa, India where the Portuguese colonized in the 15th century. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7037408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037408" title="David Palmer (24)">
David Palmer (24)

David Palmer is a fictional character, portrayed by Dennis Haysbert in the television series "24". A U.S. Senator and, later in the series, President of the United States, Palmer serves as the show's second-most prominent protagonist, after Jack Bauer, being forced to make hard decisions as president while also facing opposing elements within his own administration. Throughout the series, Palmer's ex-wife Sherry and brother Wayne are both key figures in his administration. He has two children: a son, Keith, and a daughter, Nicole. Palmer is a member of the Democratic Party. He is in the fourth highest number of episodes of any character in the series behind Tony Almeida (126), Chloe O'Brian (125) and main character Jack Bauer (192), portrayed by Carlos Bernard, Mary Lynn Rajskub and Kiefer Sutherland, respectively.
Characterization.
David Palmer graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Economy from Georgetown University and obtained his Juris Doctor from the University of Maryland School of Law. Prior to his presidency, he served as a Congressman (Representing Baltimore) and senator from Maryland. Season One also includes a reference to Palmer being a college basketball star, hitting a game-winning shot against DePaul in the Final Four. In 1979 DePaul lost to Indiana St. in the Final Four by a score of 76 – 74.
Appearances.
David Palmer is a United States Senator from Maryland who runs for President. He is elected after the assassination attempts against him on the day of the California primary election are foiled by CTU agent Jack Bauer. Although he initially seeks a second term, he is blackmailed to bow out of the race after the opposing candidate learns that David has lied to the chief of police in order to protect his ex-wife, Sherry Palmer, who is under suspicion for involvement in the death of one of his key supporters. When Wayne secures evidence against David he changes his mind and wants to continue running. However upon learning of the death of his ex wife, he again decides to not seek a 2nd term.
Throughout the series, Palmer's role as president is often vital to the successful foiling of terrorist plots. Palmer is seen as a good leader who makes difficult decisions without much hesitation. On several occasions, his intervention as president and the execution of his presidential powers helps the Counter Terrorist Unit.
24: Season 1.
David Palmer has had many difficulties due to his political life. In the first season, Palmer is the frontrunner in the race for nomination as Democratic candidate for President of the United States. His life is threatened during the course of Day 1. His political life is threatened on other fronts. His son, Keith, is shown to be a viable suspect in the murder of the man who raped his daughter. Palmer investigates, but finds that telling the truth is preferable to covering it up with lies, and takes a stand in favor of his son. However, he finds out his wife, Sherry, is trying to manipulate him, both in that potential scandal, and the one Sherry tries to create. David becomes furious with Sherry, and divorces her.
David Palmer also confronts Jack Bauer in person over the events of the first ten hours, demanding a private, unrecorded interview with Bauer. Palmer, believing that Bauer wants payback for the deaths of his covert operations team, starts by demanding that Jack tell him of the other people involved in the assassination attempt on his life. Jack says he is trying to protect Palmer's life, which ultimately leads Palmer to realize he was wrong about Jack and his motives. The failed covert mission is implied to be the cause of Bauer's marital problems preceding the season, Palmer goes on to defeat his Democratic primary opponent Governor Hodges, a University of Toledo College of Law alumnus, and incumbent president Harold Barnes in the general election.
24: Season 2.
Over a year later, David Palmer is now U.S. president. He is alerted to the threat of a nuclear bomb detonating in the U.S. He also is informed that Bauer, now an inactive agent, has contacts with people who could lead them to the bomb. Jack ignores calls from CTU, but responds to the call from President Palmer. Jack becomes an active agent again, eventually finding the bomb and detonating it in a remote area. Palmer orders attacks on the three nations responsible, as revealed by an audio known as the Cyprus Recording. Palmer then reverses course, stating that he believes the recordings to be fake, as advised by Jack, but Mike Novick, his Chief of Staff, and the vice president, Jim Prescott deem this sudden reluctance to attack as an incapability to hold the office. Prescott gathers the Cabinet members, and by one vote, David Palmer is removed from office under the provisions of the 25th Amendment. He sits in a room as a prisoner for the rest of the day, until Jack provides CTU with the evidence that the Cyprus Recording is a forgery, and the attacks are called off by Prescott.
Palmer is reinstated as president, and although Prescott and the Cabinet members who voted against Palmer offer to resign, he does not accept their resignations. Palmer does, however, immediately relieve Mike Novick of his post as chief of staff. Palmer then goes out to make a statement to the press, deeming that the threat is over. He shakes hands with many of the onlookers, one of whom happens to be Mandy, a woman hired in Day 1 to assassinate Palmer. She slips a deadly virus into his hand, and he collapses to the ground, panting.
Six months after Day 2, Palmer is recovering from his assassination attempt. Although he makes televised appearances to make it appear as if he is strong, healthy, and running the nation, in actuality, vice president Jim Prescott is acting president. The reality is that Palmer is heavily medicated and uses a wheelchair. However, terrorists attempt to assassinate Prescott, leaving the vice-president in critical condition. Palmer decides at this point that he is strong enough to take over the responsibilities of being President of the United States once again.
A few months later (in the comic, "24: Midnight Sun"), after the events of Day 2 and "24: The Game", President Palmer allows the opening of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge near Fairbanks, Alaska. His reasoning behind this controversial decision is to stand up to oil companies (a reference to Max and Peter Kingsley).
24: Season 3.
In Day 3, Palmer is faced with re-election; however, he is still the president, and is faced with many problems during the day. His lover Anne is implicated in a scandal, and although she is innocent, she leaves him. Palmer's brother admits his affair with the wife of one of his biggest supporters, and Palmer is forced to choose life or death for Jack. Palmer chooses death, but eventually is informed of a huge terrorist threat where Jack had to go undercover. He does not like it, but his faith in Jack prevails. However, Palmer falters in the end. He brings Sherry Palmer back into his life to help. She does, but in the end David cannot agree to her terms (i.e. remarrying her). After she is killed as a result of a political scandal, he ultimately decides not to run for re-election, again preferring his principles over everything else.
At the end of Season 3, after a Presidential debate, he decides to cancel his re-election campaign. His opponent in the election, U.S. Senator of Minnesota, becomes president in Season 4.
24: Season 4.
In Day 4, President Keeler is incapacitated when Air Force One (forced to remain in flight during the current attacks, even though just returning from Mexico) is shot down by terrorists.
Despite his initial hesitation, Vice President Charles Logan, under the 25th Amendment, becomes Acting President, due to President Keeler's condition (he is in a coma). From the very beginning, Logan shows poor judgement abilities. He demands the arrest of Jack Bauer, which ruins any opportunity to arrest Habib Marwan. When that raid fails, Logan finally realized he is not up to the task, and seeks Mike Novick for counsel.
Mike Novick, Palmer's former chief of staff, recommends that former president David Palmer be brought in to assist the acting president. Palmer effectively leads the events in the latter part of Day 4, but realizes that Logan is a weak-willed commander in chief unable to demonstrate Presidential leadership. Logan blames Palmer when things go wrong, but takes full credit when things go his way. After the terrorists are finally brought down, Logan infamously tells Palmer, he "played a role", in the season finale.
When David saves Jack's life by warning him about the Secret Service agent being sent to kill him, Palmer becomes one of the four people who knows Jack is alive.
24: Season 5.
In the opening moments of Day 5, David Palmer is discussing his memoir with his brother Wayne in his penthouse apartment. Wayne notices David seems distracted and worried about a matter that he quickly disregards. At 7:02 a.m., a sniper from the adjacent building shoots through the window, hitting Palmer in the neck, killing him. It is later revealed that the assassin, a man named Haas, had received his orders from Christopher Henderson, who is secretly working for President Charles Logan and Graem Bauer. The conspirators also order the deaths of Michelle Dessler, Tony Almeida and Chloe O'Brian, although the planned assassinations of Chloe and Tony are unsuccessful (Tony was stabbed by Henderson later on, and was presumed dead). Both Haas and Henderson are killed by Jack Bauer in retribution for their role in the deaths of his friends. David Palmer is found to be the primary target for discovering information about someone within the Logan administration who was working with the terrorists.
At the close of the day, David Palmer is given a state procession, as his body was flown back to Washington, watched on by the President and First Lady. Following a speech by President Logan praising Palmer, the President is taken into custody on orders from the Attorney General who has just heard a recording incriminating Logan in Palmer's assassination.
Dennis Haysbert was disappointed that his character was killed in the fifth season, commenting that it continued an American legacy of killing its popular and charismatic leaders. He did, however, continue to watch the show and remained a fan.
Reception.
A poll by Blockbuster named Palmer as respondents' Favorite On-Screen President. TV.com visitors also named him the TV President they would most like to see in the Oval Office. Haysbert has also been nominated for a Golden Globe, a Satellite Award and three NAACP Image Awards for his portrayal of Palmer.
On an episode of "The Daily Show" that aired on June 4, 2008, host Jon Stewart remarked (in a clear reference to David Palmer) that newly christened presumptive Democratic nominee Barack Obama will be the first African American candidate for President of the United States "since the first season of "24"."
Pundits, and indeed Dennis Haysbert himself, have claimed that Haysbert's portrayal of David Palmer allowed viewers to become more comfortable with the idea of an African American president and consequently may have helped the political campaign of Obama, who was elected the 44th president on November 4, 2008. Commentators have called this influence the "Palmer effect", in contrast to the Bradley effect.

</doc>
<doc id="7037420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037420" title="Powiat of Racibórz">
Powiat of Racibórz



</doc>
<doc id="7037421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037421" title="Racibórz County">
Racibórz County

Racibórz County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland, on the Czech border. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Racibórz, which lies west of the regional capital Katowice. The county also contains the towns of Kuźnia Raciborska, lying north of Racibórz, and Krzanowice, south-west of Racibórz.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 108,388, out of which the population of Racibórz is 54,778, that of Kuźnia Raciborska is 5,359, that of Krzanowice is 2,157, and the rural population is 46,094.
Neighbouring counties.
Racibórz County is bordered by Głubczyce County to the west, Kędzierzyn-Koźle County to the north, Gliwice County to the north-east, and the city of Rybnik, Rybnik County and Wodzisław County to the east. It also borders the Czech Republic to the south.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into eight gminas (one urban, two urban-rural and five rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7037424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037424" title="Raciborz County">
Raciborz County



</doc>
<doc id="7037428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037428" title="Quark (food)">
Quark (food)



</doc>
<doc id="7037431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037431" title="Lesser weever">
Lesser weever

The lesser weever ("Echiichthys vipera") is a venomous weever of the family Trachinidae, in the order Perciformes, and the class Actinopterygii. It is generally found on the sandy sea beds of the open sea, near the shore. Lesser weevers may sting swimmers badly if disturbed in the water, and fishermen when they clean their fishing nets.
The lesser weever grows up to 18 cm long, but generally less than 15 cm, with an elongated body. Its color can be described as greyish-brown on the back and silvery-white on the sides. It has no spines in front of its eyes.
Habitat.
Lesser weever fish occur in the eastern Atlantic from the North Sea around the British Isles to Morocco and Madeira, and in the Mediterranean. It is typically found resting on the bottom, partially buried with its eyes and tip of the first dorsal fin exposed.
Biology.
The lesser weever is littoral and benthic, living on sandy, muddy bottoms, ranging from a few meters deep to 150 m (in winter). Resting on the bottom, its position can be described as with eyes buried and the tip of the first dorsal fin exposed. Because of its venom and its occurrence near beaches, it is considered to be one of Europe's most dangerous weever species. The venom glands are located on its first dorsal fin, which is completely black, and on the gill cover. This species has the most potent toxin of all the weevers. The venom contains a cytolysin, trachinine, as well as serotonin, histamine-realising substances and various enzymes.
Effect on humans.
The sting of a weever causes acute and intense pain, which is frequently radiated to the area around the limb. The pain intensity reaches its peak 30 minutes after the sting, and then slowly decreases, but some pain (or other sensation, such as a tingle) may continue to affect the area for up to 24 hours. Very rarely, pain can be propagated to the tributary lymph nodes, i.e. those in the groin (when the sting is on the sole of the foot), or those in the armpit (if the sting is on the hands).
Common and minor symptoms include severe pain, itching, swelling, heat, redness, numbness, tingling, nausea, vomiting, joint aches, headaches, abdominal cramps, lightheadedness, increased urination and tremors.
Rare and severe symptoms include abnormal heart rhythms, weakness, shortness of breath, seizures, decreased blood pressure, gangrene, tissue degeneration and unconsciousness.
The best first aid is to wash the wound, and then to immerse it in very hot water for at least an hour, to ease the pain and help destroy the protein-based venom. Water temperature for immersion should be 40°C (104°F) or as hot as the patient can tolerate. Also, reassure the patient of the relative harmlessness of the sting.

</doc>
<doc id="7037443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037443" title="Sato (Gundam character)">
Sato (Gundam character)



</doc>
<doc id="7037456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037456" title="Suboccipital region">
Suboccipital region



</doc>
<doc id="7037468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037468" title="Transversospinal group of muscles">
Transversospinal group of muscles



</doc>
<doc id="7037471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037471" title="New Brunswick High School">
New Brunswick High School

New Brunswick High School (NBHS) is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in New Brunswick, in Middlesex County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the main secondary school of the New Brunswick Public Schools.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 2,504 students and 172.9 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.5:1. There were 1,233 students (49.2% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 109 (4.4% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
The first dedicated high school facility in New Brunswick, known as Livingston Avenue High School, was built in 1875 on the Livingston Avenue property where Roosevelt Elementary School currently stands. Previously, the "high school department" took up the second and third floors of the Bayard Street School, and the New Brunswick's first graduating high school class was in July 1869.
The second high school facility was completed in 1916, and contained 30 classrooms and an 800-seat auditorium. A new gymnasium was built as part of an addition in 1941, and another addition was built in 1945. This facility was repurposed as A. Chester Redshaw Elementary School following the construction of the current high school facility. Redshaw Elementary was closed in 2005 and demolished in 2006, and a new elementary school is planned for the site.
The next facility was located on Livingston Avenue, near the North Brunswick Township border, and was completed in 1964. The facility contains 67 classrooms (including dedicated classrooms for music and industrial arts classes), a gymnasium, a cafeteria, an auditorium, a library, and office space. The school was originally built to hold 1,200 students, and overcrowding necessitated the use of modular classrooms.
The North Brunswick Township Public Schools had sent students to New Brunswick High School until North Brunswick Township High School was completed in 1973 at a cost of $10 million and had been opened to the district's students in grades seven through nine. The New Brunswick Public Schools sought to prevent the shift of 280 students who would have attended high school in New Brunswick from attending the new facility, arguing that the withdrawal of the almost entirely white students from North Brunswick and Milltown would leave the New Brunswick school with an overwhelmingly black student body.
The current high school building opened in January 2010. The facility, constructed at a cost of $185 million, is located on Route 27. The previous high school building was converted into a middle school for grades 6 through 8, to open in September 2010.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 287th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 293rd in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 282nd in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 303rd in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 302nd in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Student body.
The Class of 2014 had a 63% graduation rate.
As of 2013–14 school year, the school's population was 82.6% Hispanic, 15.9% African-American, 0.7% were Asian / Pacific Islander, 0.7% were White. Among students, 51.5% speak English as their first language at home, while 48.1% speak Spanish; 17.0% of students had a disability, 86.2% were economically disadvantaged and 10.6% of students had limited English proficiency.
The school has a Student Exchange Program, with various nations. Some neighboring countries went through with the program and students from NBHS went to China, India, and Japan.
Athletics.
The New Brunswick High School Zebras compete in the Greater Middlesex Conference (GMC), which is comprised of public and private high schools in the Middlesex County area and operates under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). With 1,704 students in grades 10–12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group IV for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 1,060 to 5,049 students in that grade range. The football team competes in Division 5D of the Big Central Football Conference, which includes 60 public and private high schools in Hunterdon, Middlesex, Somerset, Union and Warren counties, which are broken down into 10 divisions by size and location. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group V South for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 1,333 to 2,324 students.
Interscholastic athletic programs offered by NBHS include football, baseball, basketball, softball, soccer, cross country, tennis, golf, bowling, track and field, volleyball, and wrestling. The school's mascot is the zebra. The school's athletic facilities include a gymnasium, a football stadium (Memorial Stadium), baseball diamonds and a running track.
The boys' basketball team won the Group IV state championship in 1930 (against runner-up Union Hill High School in the tournament finals), 1938 (vs. West New York Memorial) and 1944 (vs. Camden High School), and won the Group I title in 1984 (vs. Mahwah High School). The 1930 team won the Class A (since reclassified as Group IV) title with a 26–18 win against Union Hill in the championship game played in front of a crowd of 5,000 at the 144th Regiment Armory in Elizabeth.
The boys track team won the indoor track all-group state championship in 1951.
The boys cross country running team won the Group IV state championship in 1958.
The football team won the Central Jersey Group II state sectional title in 2003 and the North II Group III title in 2006. The team finished the season with a 12–0 record after winning the Central Jersey Group IV state sectional title by a 21–14 score against Long Branch High School in the championship game; the 2003 team earned consideration from the "Courier News" as one of "the best in GMC history".
Electives and extracurricular activities.
NBHS currently offers a significant variety of extracurricular activities for students, including over 40 clubs, and nearly 20 student organizations. There are clubs devoted to languages and cultures, academic fields, sports, fitness, music, art, computers, and other interests and skills. Student organizations include chapters of the National Honor Society, the Key Club, and the International Thespian Society, as well as a student council, a school newspaper, and groups that design the school's yearbook and "Spectrum" Literary &amp; Art Magazine. NBHS also offers the U.S. Army JROTC program as an elective.
Theatre program.
NBHS offers courses and clubs focusing on various aspects of theatre arts, including music and acting. In the spring of 2002, participants in these groups, as well as several art-related classes, became involved in the school's first musical theatre presentation in years – a production of "Once on This Island", which was followed by "West Side Story" the next year. Since then, NBHS has put together productions of such shows as "A Chorus Line", "Grease", "Seussical the Musical", "Smokey Joe's Cafe", "The Wiz", "High School Musical", "Footloose", "Two By Two", "Little Shop of Horrors", "The Apple Tree", "In the Heights", "They're Playing Our Song", "Putting It Together", "Hello, Dolly!", "The Fantasticks", "Once Upon A Mattress", "The Little Mermaid and "You’re a Good Man, Charlie Brown."
In 2008, the theatre program added a play each season in addition to the musical. Play productions have included "A Christmas Carol", "Romeo and Juliet and Hamlet Too!", "Dracula", "Oedipus Rex", "The Tempest", "Twelve Angry Jurors", "Gallery of One-Act Plays", "Blinders", "Project Othello", "Almost, Maine", "Love/Sick" and "State of Independence", a collection of student-written plays.
In 2009, NBHS founded Chapter 7638 of the International Thespian Society (Educational Theatre Association).
The Theatre Program has regularly participated in residencies and talks with many professional arts organizations, including CoLAB Arts, McCarter Theatre, Spotlight on Festivals, State Theatre, Arts Across America, George Street Playhouse, Mason Gross School of the Arts, and TADA! Youth Theater.
In addition to these activities, the theatre program currently collaborates with other NBHS teachers and students (of Fine, Visual and Performing Arts) to curate the Annual Festival of the Arts.
Administration.
The school's principal is Matt Rusnak. His administration team includes four vice principals (one for each grade) and the athletic director.
Controversies.
Enrollment of Hyejeong Shin.
On January 16, 2023, 29-year-old Hyejeong Shin enrolled in New Brunswick High School using a falsified birth certificate and was accepted into school without a prior background check. Shin began attending classes for the next four days before being caught by school officials later in that same week. School officials held a Board of Education meeting in the school auditorium on January 24, 2023. Aubrey Johnson, superintendent of the New Brunswick Public Schools district, stated:"Last week, by filing false documents, an adult female posing as a student was able to be enrolled in our high school. She attended school for four days, I can't tell you if she was here for the entire block schedule, she was in few classes in the most time in our guidance week as we were trying to get more information from her."Many students and parents were interviewed by news outlets, with one student describing the situation as "surprising", another stating that "at the same time, it was very unsafe for the school and most of the students in there". Other students claimed that Shin was texting with female teenagers and told them to meet up at Commercial Avenue, possibly as a way to recruit them for sex trafficking. By the next week of school, in response, a large majority of students gathered inside the building, demanding justice and improved security. In an act to counter the protests, the school ordered a shelter-in-place across the entire campus.
Anti-Palestinian assignment.
In March 25, 2025, a teacher faced criticism for an educational assignment about the Palestinian student activist Mahmoud Khalil, who was facing deportation. The assignment, part of an "Introduction to Law" class, was accused of manipulating students with misleading and incorrect information, depicting Khalil, an anti-war protester, in a negative light by falsely associating him with terrorism and inaccurately linking him to violent events. Educational advocates, parents, and members of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) criticized the assignment for attempting to manipulate students with false information, arguing that the teacher was pushing for a biased response by presenting distorted views and inaccurate portrayals of Mahmoud Khalil's activism. This controversy led to the withdrawal of the assignment and calls for accountability against the teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="7037473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037473" title="Zawiercie County">
Zawiercie County

Zawiercie County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Zawiercie, which lies north-east of the regional capital Katowice. The county contains five other towns: Poręba, west of Zawiercie, Łazy, south of Zawiercie, Ogrodzieniec, south-east of Zawiercie, Szczekociny, north-east of Zawiercie, and Pilica, east of Zawiercie.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population was 118,020. The most populated towns are Zawiercie with 49,334 inhabitants and Poręba with 8,525 inhabitants.
Neighbouring counties.
Zawiercie County is bordered by Częstochowa County to the north, Włoszczowa County to the north-east, Jędrzejów County and Miechów County to the east, Olkusz County and the city of Dąbrowa Górnicza to the south, Będzin County to the south-west, and Myszków County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 10 gminas (two urban, four urban-rural and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7037474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037474" title="Powiat of Zawiercie">
Powiat of Zawiercie



</doc>
<doc id="7037485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037485" title="Ventral roots">
Ventral roots



</doc>
<doc id="7037487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037487" title="Jacob Two-Two (TV series)">
Jacob Two-Two (TV series)

Jacob Two-Two is a Canadian animated television series based on the "Jacob Two-Two" books written by Mordecai Richler. The show first aired on September 7, 2003, on YTV in Canada. The show also aired on Qubo (as one of the network's launch shows) in the United States, and on the French-language network VRAK.TV as Jacob Jacob. After Jacob and his family moved to Montreal from England, he encounters new challenges in his hometown. Jacob, his siblings, and his mother were named after Richler's children and wife.
Nelvana and 9 Story Media Group produced the series' 62 episodes, produced in association with YTV and Salter Street Films. Funbag Animation Studio Inc., Atomic Cartoons, and Nitrogen Studios provided animation. The series ended on May 19, 2006.
In March 2004, Fox Kids Europe acquired the pay television rights to the show's first two seasons for the United Kingdom, Ireland, Scandinavia, Italy, Germany, Spain, Portugal, and the Netherlands.
Characters.
Jacob's family.
Jacob Two-Two
Morty
Florence
Daniel
Marfa
Noah and Emma
Auntie Good-For-You
Zadie Saul
Allies.
Buford Orville Gaylord Pugh
Renée Ratelle
X. Barnaby Dinglebat
Agent Intrepid
Miss Darling Sweetiepie
Gary a.k.a. The Hooded Fang
Claude LaToque
Antagonists.
Principal I.M. Greedyguts
P.L. "Perfectly Loathsome" Leo Louse
Ms. Sour Pickle
Wilson, Quiggley, and Duschane
Carl Fester King
Fish &amp; Fowl
Y.B. Greedyguts
Other characters.
Mr. Molecules
Nurse Bunyan
Miss Bella Bountiful
Superintendent Fussbudget
Ann
Brainy
Lloyd
Melinda Green
Miss Louse
Reception.
"Jacob Two-Two" received positive reviews from critics and audiences.
Deirdre Sheppard of "Common Sense Media" gave the show a rate of three stars out of five, saying it "successfully conveys useful life lessons in each episode, making it a fine choice for grade-schoolers." She also noted that the sibling rivalries are "sometimes overplayed" and the "name-calling and occasional slight innuendoes between Jacob's parents might raise a few parental eyebrows." On the other hand, in addition to "boasting hip music and cool animation," she remarks that the show "most kids should be able to relate to."

</doc>
<doc id="7037490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037490" title="Alex Lowe">
Alex Lowe

Alex Lowe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7037495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037495" title="Żywiec County">
Żywiec County

Żywiec County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland, on the Slovak border. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Żywiec, which lies south of the regional capital Katowice.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 152,877, out of which the population of Żywiec is 31,194 and the rural population is 121,683.
The county includes part of the protected area known as Żywiec Landscape Park.
Neighbouring counties.
Żywiec County is bordered by Cieszyn County to the west, the city of Bielsko-Biała and Bielsko County to the north, Wadowice County to the north-east, and Sucha County to the east. It also borders Slovakia to the south.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 15 gminas (one urban and 14 rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7037497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037497" title="Powiat of Żywiec">
Powiat of Żywiec



</doc>
<doc id="7037498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037498" title="Zywiec County">
Zywiec County



</doc>
<doc id="7037501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037501" title="CROWS">
CROWS

The Common Remotely Operated Weapon Station (CROWS) is a series of remote weapon stations used by the US military on its armored vehicles and ships. It allows weapon operators to engage targets without leaving the protection of their vehicle. The US military has fielded both the M101 CROWS and M153 CROWS II systems.
System overview.
The CROWS system provides an operator with the ability to acquire and engage targets while inside a vehicle, protected by its armor. It is designed to mount on a variety of vehicle platforms and supports the Mk 19 grenade launcher, 12.7 mm M2 .50 Caliber Machine Gun, 7.62 mm M240B Machine Gun, and 5.56 mm M249 Squad Automatic Weapon. The system is composed of two parts: the mount which is fixed to the exterior of the vehicle and the control group. The mount is capable of 360° rotation and −20° to +60° elevation and is gyro-stabilized. The sight package includes a daylight video camera, a thermal camera and an eye-safe laser rangefinder. It is also furnished with a fully integrated fire control system that provides ballistic correction. The weight of the weapon station varies accordingly due to different armament modules: light, standard (including the naval version), and for CROWS II.
The control group mounts inside the vehicle (behind the driver's seat on the Humvee). It includes a display, switches and joystick to provide full remote control of the weapon system. This enables the fighting crew to operate from inside armored combat vehicles, while still maintaining the ability to acquire and engage targets. Its camera systems can identify targets out to 1,500 m away, and the mount's absorption of about 85% of weapon recoil delivers an estimated 95% accuracy rate, as well as the ability to track targets moving . Large ammunition boxes enable for sustained firing periods, carrying 96 rounds for the Mk 19, 400 rounds for the M2, 1,000 rounds for the M240B, and 1,600 rounds for the M249. Each CROWS costs $190,000.
Variants.
M101 CROWS.
The first supplier for the CROWS program was Recon Optical (Barrington, IL) with their RAVEN SRWS product. As part of the first CROWS contract, the Recon Optical RAVEN R-400 RWS was fielded in 2004 in Iraq, employed by special forces, military police, infantry and transport units.
M153 CROWS II.
After an open solicitation Kongsberg Protech Systems (Kongsberg Gruppen, Norway and Johnstown, PA) won the CROWS II contract with a variant of their M151 PROTECTOR, which is also used on the Stryker M1126 infantry carrier vehicle. Kongsberg received a framework contract of more than US$1 billion for the delivery of up to 6,500 CROWS systems to the US Army and a first purchase order exceeding US$300 million As of October 2009, the framework contract has been almost completely converted to fixed contracts. At the very end of 2009 the agreement was extended to include 10,349 systems.
Between the M151 and M153 variants KONGSBERG has delivered more than 18,000 systems to the U.S. Armed Services. These systems are in-service within every branch of the U.S. military and many US agencies. It is employed in various versions of the Humvee, Buffalo MRVs, RG-31 Nyalas, RG-33s, the Army's M1126 Stryker APC, and was soon integrated into the Oshkosh M-ATV, JERRV, Caiman, and MaxxPro.
Sea PROTECTOR MK50.
A nautical version of the CROWS II weapons system has been developed and deployed by the U.S. Navy on its Mark VI patrol boats . It allows vessels to engage speedboats piloted by suicide bombers at longer ranges. Gyrostabilization is particularly important for a weapon carried by a small vessel being buffeted by waves when traveling at high speed. In Navy service, the CROWS II is referred to as the "MK50 Gun Weapon System (GWS)."
CROWS-J.
In May 2018, Stryker ICVs of the 2nd Cavalry Regiment deployed to Europe to test the CROWS-Javelin, a version of the M153 turret fitted with an FGM-148 Javelin anti-tank missile tube. This enables the vehicle gunner to detect and destroy heavy armor out to without requiring a soldier to dismount. The Army plans to up-gun all its Stryker brigades by adding a 30 mm cannon to half of the ICVs in rifle and scout platoons while adding the CROWS-J to the other half, roughly 80 vehicles with each per brigade.
CROWS III.
By September 2013, the U.S. Army had over 8,000 CROWS systems in use. The new CROWS III incorporates a laser dazzler to temporarily blind suspicious individuals rather than needing to open fire, additional cameras on the side and rear of the turret to expand situational awareness without rotating the turret, and an infrared laser pointer to paint objects at night. The larger version of CROWS is equipped with a Javelin missile launcher.

</doc>
<doc id="7037506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037506" title="Fellype Gabriel">
Fellype Gabriel

Fellype Gabriel de Melo e Silva or simply Fellype Gabriel (born December 6, 1985), is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
He was a member of the Brazil U20 national team at 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in the Netherlands. On November 13, 2012, Fellype Gabriel was called up, by Mano Menezes, for "seleção brasileira" that played the Superclásico de las Américas.
Honours.
Flamengo
Kashima Antlers
Botafogo
Palmeiras
Brazil U20

</doc>
<doc id="7037507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037507" title="Mikołów County">
Mikołów County

Mikołów County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Mikołów, which lies south-west of the regional capital Katowice. The county also contains the towns of Łaziska Górne, lying south-west of Mikołów, and Orzesze, west of Mikołów.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 98,689, out of which the population of Mikołów is 40,898, that of Łaziska Górne is 22,298, that of Orzesze is 21,043, and the rural population is 14,450.
Neighbouring counties.
Mikołów County is bordered by the city of Ruda Śląska to the north, Katowice and Tychy to the east, Pszczyna County and Żory to the south, Rybnik County to the west and Gliwice County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (three urban and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7037508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037508" title="Powiat of Mikołów">
Powiat of Mikołów



</doc>
<doc id="7037509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037509" title="Mikolow County">
Mikolow County



</doc>
<doc id="7037514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037514" title="Lithium (Evanescence Song)">
Lithium (Evanescence Song)



</doc>
<doc id="7037516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037516" title="Whole words">
Whole words



</doc>
<doc id="7037519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037519" title="Nudity in physical education">
Nudity in physical education



</doc>
<doc id="7037525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037525" title="Pszczyna County">
Pszczyna County

Pszczyna County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Pszczyna, which lies south of the regional capital Katowice.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 111,324, out of which the population of Pszczyna is 25,823 and the rural population is 85,501.
Neighbouring counties.
Pszczyna County is bordered by Mikołów County, the city of Tychy and Bieruń-Lędziny County to the north, Oświęcim County to the east, Bielsko County to the south, Cieszyn County to the south-west, and the cities of Jastrzębie-Zdrój and Żory to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (one urban-rural and five rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7037526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037526" title="Powiat of Pszczyna">
Powiat of Pszczyna



</doc>
<doc id="7037533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037533" title="The slightest touch">
The slightest touch



</doc>
<doc id="7037542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037542" title="Functionalprogramming">
Functionalprogramming



</doc>
<doc id="7037556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037556" title="Natural-gas">
Natural-gas



</doc>
<doc id="7037559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037559" title="Sahara Avenue, Las Vegas">
Sahara Avenue, Las Vegas



</doc>
<doc id="7037560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037560" title="California State Polytechnic University College of Education and Integrative Studies">
California State Polytechnic University College of Education and Integrative Studies



</doc>
<doc id="7037566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037566" title="Kentucky Cup Classic Stakes">
Kentucky Cup Classic Stakes

The Kentucky Cup Classic Stakesis a Grade III American Thoroughbred horse race for four-year-olds and older over a distance of miles on the Tapeta track scheduled annually in late March at Turfway Park in the Cincinnati, Ohio suburb of Florence, Kentucky. The event currently offers a purse of $300,000.
History.
The inaugural running of the event was held on September 24, 1994, and was won by the 1994 Preakness Stakes and Belmont Stakes winning Tabasco Cat. He was ridden by ridden by US Hall of Fame jockey Pat Day and trained by US Hall of Fame trainer D. Wayne Lukas.
The following year the event was held under handicap conditions.
In 1996 the event was upgraded to Grade III status.
With the continual high purses which attracted quality runners the event was upgraded in 1999 to Grade II.
With the support of WinStar Farm, this race was suspended in 2010 due to economic challenges, but returned in 2011 and held at a shorter distance of miles.
On August 29, 2017, after having not been run since its "revival" in 2011 and losing its graded status, general manager Daniel "Chip" Bach announced the Kentucky Cup Classic would return once again in 2018. The race was run on the Spiral Stakes undercard in March.
In 2020, Nun the Less, a gelding son of Candy Ride, became the first horse to win the race twice, having won it the first time the previous year. He also became the oldest horse to win the race, winning in 2020 at age 8. Future Prospect, a son of Giant's Causeway's full-brother Freud, had previously been the oldest horse to win, having won in 2011 at age 7.
In 2024 the event was upgraded back to Grade III by the Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association.
Records.
Most wins by a horse
Winners.
Legend:
 

</doc>
<doc id="7037567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037567" title="P. J. Denning">
P. J. Denning



</doc>
<doc id="7037570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037570" title="Myszków County">
Myszków County

Myszków County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Myszków, which lies north-east of the regional capital Katowice. The county also contains the towns of Żarki, lying north-east of Myszków, and Koziegłowy, west of Myszków.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 70,959, out of which the population of Myszków is 31,650, that of Żarki is 4,556, that of Koziegłowy is 2,455, and the rural population is 32,298.
Neighbouring counties.
Myszków County is bordered by Częstochowa County to the north, Zawiercie County to the south-east, Będzin County to the south, and Tarnowskie Góry County and Lubliniec County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (one urban, two urban-rural and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7037571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037571" title="Powiat of Myszków">
Powiat of Myszków



</doc>
<doc id="7037573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037573" title="Myszkow County">
Myszkow County



</doc>
<doc id="7037575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037575" title="Simonopetra">
Simonopetra

Simonopetra Monastery (, literally: "Simon's Rock"), also Monastery of Simonos Petra (), is an Eastern Orthodox monastery in the monastic state of Mount Athos in Greece. It ranks 13th in the hierarchy of the Athonite monasteries.
It is on the southern coast of the Athos peninsula, between the Athonite port of Dafni and Osiou Grigoriou monastery. While the southern coast of Athos is generally quite rugged, the site upon which the monastery is built is exceptionally harsh. It is built on top of a single huge rock, practically hanging from a cliff 330 metres over the sea. It currently houses 54 monks. Its hegumen is Archimandrite Eliseus.
History.
The monastery was founded in the 13th century by Simon the Athonite, who was later sanctified by the Eastern Orthodox Church as Saint Simon the Myrrh-bearer. Tradition holds that Simon, while dwelling in a nearby cave, had a vision where the Theotokos instructed him to build a monastery on top of the rock, promising she would protect and provide for him and the monastery. Simon called the original monastery "New Bethlehem" (Greek: Νέα Βηθλεέμ); to this day, it is dedicated to the Nativity of Jesus.
In 1364, the Serbian despot Jovan Uglješa funded the monastery's renovation and expansion, issuing a royal chrysobull for it in 1368.
Russian pilgrim Isaiah wrote that, by the end of the 15th century, the monastery was Bulgarian.
In 1567, the "arsanas" (port building) of Simonopetra was completed. Its construction was funded by a Wallachian noble.
In 1581, Simonopetra was destroyed by a fire, in which a large portion of the monks died. Evgenios, the monastery's abbot traveled to the Danubian Principalities hoping to raise funds to rebuild the monastery. The most important donor was Michael the Brave, Prince of Wallachia, who donated large portions of land as well as money to the monastery. The monastery was also burnt in 1626, and the last great fire happened in 1891, after which the monastery was rebuilt in its current form.
In recent centuries, the monks of the monastery were traditionally from Ionia in Asia Minor. However, during the mid-20th century, the brotherhood was greatly reduced by a reduction in the influx of new monks. The current brotherhood originates from the Holy Monastery of Great Meteoron in Meteora, when in 1973 (also known as of Simonopetra) and his monks moved into Simonopetra, hence repopulating the almost abandoned monastery. He served as Abbot of Simonopetra from 1974 until 2000.
20th-century saints associated with the monastery include (d. 1957).
Architecture.
The monastery consists of several multi-storeyed buildings, the main being in the place of the original structure, built by Simon. The main building has been described as the "most bold construction of the peninsula". The monks of Simonopetra traditionally count the floors from top to bottom, thus the top floor is the first floor and the bottom floor the last. The monastery is built on top of the underlying massive rock, and the rock runs through the lower floors.
The expansion and development of Simon's original structure almost always followed one of the monastery's great fires. Following the 1580 fire and with the funds gathered by abbot Evgenios, the western building was erected. The eastern building was built following the 1891 fire mostly with funds raised in Russia.
Choir.
The choir of Simonopetra has grown in reputation among Byzantine music specialists and enthusiasts. The monastery has published a series of collections of ecclesiastic Byzantine chants by the choir. Of these, "Agni Parthene" is the most popular and has earned the choir and the monastery widespread recognition.
Recordings include:

</doc>
<doc id="7037578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037578" title="Waldwick High School">
Waldwick High School

Waldwick High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Waldwick, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as part of the Waldwick Public School District.
The school complex serves Waldwick students grades six though twelve; the district's middle school was constructed in the 1990s on the campus of the Waldwick High School building.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 431 students and 44.1 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 9.8:1. There were 6 students (1.4% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 1 (0.2% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
Voters approved a referendum in June 1961 by a better than ten-to-one margin to provide for a $2.6 million bond covering the costs of construction. Until the high school opened, Waldwick students had been enrolled at Midland Park High School as part of a sending/receiving relationship that led to overcrowding at the Midland Park school. Through the late 1950s, students from Waldwick had attended Ramsey High School, which faced capacity issues, forcing the shift to Midland Park.
The school was designed to accommodate 1,500 students in grades eight through twelve and was completed in 1963. The school opened with students in grades nine and ten, as students who had already been enrolled at Midland Park High School in previous years completed their education there. The first class of students graduated from Waldwick High School in 1966. The "Kids, Kids, Kids" preschool program was established in the 1970s, in which high school juniors and seniors work with preschoolers three days each week as part of an elective program for students that is available for a fee to the public.
The school had been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools from 1969 until 2011, when the school's accreditation status was removed.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 73rd-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 54th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 68th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 93rd in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 96th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 161st out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (a decrease of 59 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (79.3%) and language arts literacy (95.9%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Extracurricular activities.
The school offers a wide range of extracurricular activities that all students have a chance to join. Drama Club allows students to participate in different musicals and perform them in a series of three shows for one weekend in the spring. In March 2017, Waldwick High School students performed in "The Addams Family". Because the school is connected to the Waldwick Middle School, students have a chance to help younger students improve their acting and musical skills.
The school has a science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) team where students visit other high schools and compete in these topics.
The school also has many ways for the students to get involved. There are 25 clubs to get involved with. Some have been around for many years, such as Photography Club, and some have been recently made, such as the Mind Over Matter club, which was created last school year, 2021-2022.
Athletics.
The Waldwick High School Warriors participate in the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference, which is comprised of small-enrollment schools in Bergen, Hudson, Morris and Passaic counties, and was established following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Prior to the realignment that took effect in the fall of 2010, Waldwick was a member of the smaller Bergen-Passaic Scholastic League (BPSL). With 308 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group I for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 75 to 476 students in that grade range. The school's co-op football team with Midland Park High School was classified by the NJSIAA as Group II North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 484 to 683 students.
Interscholastic athletic programs offered include: 
Varsity Cross Country, Varsity Golf,
Junior Varsity Golf,
Varsity Football, 
Junior Varsity Football,
Freshman Football, 
Boys Varsity Soccer, 
Boys Junior Varsity Soccer, 
Boys Freshman Soccer, 
Girls Varsity Soccer, 
Girls Junior Varsity Soccer, 
Girls Freshman Soccer, 
Girls Varsity Volleyball, 
Girls Junior Varsity Volleyball, 
Girls Freshman Volleyball, 
Girls Varsity Tennis, 
Varsity Wrestling, 
Boys Varsity Basketball, 
Boys Junior Varsity Basketball, 
Boys Freshman Basketball, 
Girls Varsity Basketball, 
Girls Junior Varsity Basketball, 
Girls Freshman Basketball, 
Boys &amp; Girls Winter Track, 
Varsity Baseball, 
Junior Varsity Baseball, 
Freshman Baseball, 
Varsity Softball, 
Junior Varsity Softball, 
Girls Lacrosse,
Boys Varsity Lacrosse,
Boys Junior Varsity Lacrosse, 
Freshman Softball, 
Boys Varsity Track, 
Girls Varsity Track and
Boys Varsity Tennis.
The school participates as the host school / lead agency in joint cooperative football and wrestling teams with Midland Park High School. These co-op programs operate under agreements scheduled to expire at the end of the 2023–24 school year.
The football team finished the 1988 season with a 9-2 record after winning the NJSIAA North I Group I state sectional title with a 26-7 win against Cresskill High School in the championship game.
The wrestling team won the North I Group I state sectional championship in 1988 and 1992.
The 1995 boys soccer team finished the season with a 24-0 record after winning the Group I state title that year, defeating Arthur P. Schalick High School in the championship game and winning the Bergen County Tournament by a score of 2-1 against Ridgewood High School in the tournament final. The team has won multiple North I, Group I state sectional championships, including in the 2006 fall season with a 1–0 victory over local rival Midland Park High School in the tournament final.
The boys' basketball team won the North I, Group I state sectional championship in 2000 with a 62–49 win against Henry P. Becton Regional High School.
Administration.
The principal is Kevin Carroll. His administration team includes two assistant principals.

</doc>
<doc id="7037579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037579" title="Daniel Tchuř">
Daniel Tchuř

Daniel Tchuř (born 8 August 1976) is former Czech footballer.
Daniel is a product of FC Vítkovice. He did his military service in Znojmo before returning north to Ostrava again. SK Slavia Praha showed interest for him then so he moved there. Via FK Mladá Boleslav and Újpest FC he ended up with FC Baník Ostrava. In 2010, he moved to regional Second League side, MFK Karviná.

</doc>
<doc id="7037584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037584" title="933rd brigade">
933rd brigade



</doc>
<doc id="7037587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037587" title="Simonos Petra">
Simonos Petra



</doc>
<doc id="7037588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037588" title="Lithium (Single)">
Lithium (Single)



</doc>
<doc id="7037589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037589" title="Kłobuck County">
Kłobuck County

Kłobuck County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Kłobuck, which lies north of the regional capital Katowice. The only other town in the county is Krzepice, lying west of Kłobuck.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 84,762, out of which the population of Kłobuck is 12,934, that of Krzepice is 4,456, and the rural population is 67,372.
Neighbouring counties.
Kłobuck County is bordered by Pajęczno County to the north, the city of Częstochowa and Częstochowa County to the south-east, Lubliniec County to the south-west, Olesno County to the west, and Wieluń County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into nine gminas (two urban-rural and seven rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7037590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037590" title="Powiat of Kłobuck">
Powiat of Kłobuck



</doc>
<doc id="7037591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037591" title="Acrocephalus sechellensis">
Acrocephalus sechellensis



</doc>
<doc id="7037592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037592" title="Klobuck County">
Klobuck County



</doc>
<doc id="7037595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037595" title="Chris Bagley">
Chris Bagley

Chris Bagley (born May 20, 1980, in Weymouth, Massachusetts) is an American former soccer player.
Career.
College and amateur.
Bagley played club soccer for South Shore United and Boston Lightning. He played college soccer at Saint Anselm College, where he earned an undergraduate degree in Criminal Justice. While at Saint Anselm, Bagley earned All-American honors twice and was voted Northeast Ten Conference player of the Year in both 2000 and 2001. He was the only player in Saint Anselm history to earn First-Team All-Conference honors in each of his four years, and played a program-record 83 career games, winning three NE10 Championships and winning tournament Most Valuable Player honors as a senior. He concluded collegiate career as the NE 10's all-time top scorer with 71 goals.
Bagley played for the Decatur Football Club an amateur over-30 men's squad. (D.F.C.) 
Professional.
Bagley made his professional debut with the Wilmington Hammerheads of USL Select in 2002. He then played for the Charleston Battery of the USL A-League in 2003, winning the A-League Championship.
On October 10, 2003, Bagley signed with the New England Revolution of Major League Soccer as a "Developmental Player," on loan from the Hammerheads. He made his Revolution debut the following day, coming on as a 61st minute substitute for Pat Noonan against D.C. United. He drew a penalty in the match, which was subsequently converted by Steve Ralston in the 94th minute of play. The penalty gave the Revolution a 1-0 victory in the match, and clinched a spot for the club in the 2003 MLS Cup Playoffs. Bagley appeared as a substitute for Darío Fabbro in each of the Revolution's final two matches of the season, home and away ties against the MetroStars, and also appeared as an 87th-minute substitute for Jason Moore in the home tie of the Eastern Conference Semifinal, again against the MetroStars.
Bagley would go on to split time between the Hammerheads and Battery, scoring 17 goals and recording five assists in 27 games with Wilmington in 2005 and 2006. Bagley scored in both the home and away legs of the 2005 United Soccer Leagues playoffs against the Western Mass Pioneers. During the 2006 season he was named to the USL-2 All-League First Team, and was a finalist for the USL Second Division MVP award.
While with the Hammerheads, Bagley also spent time on loan to the Rochester Raging Rhinos of the USL First Division for 10 games in 2006 scoring 1 goal while being part of a team that lost to the Vancouver Whitecaps 3–0 in the USL First Division Championship game.
Bagley signed with the USL First Division side Portland Timbers in 2007. and made 51 appearances over the course of the 2007 and 2008 seasons, scoring three goals and recording five assists. Bagley returned to the Hammerheads for the 2009 season to act as a player and assistant coach.
Personal.
Bagley wears the number 33 shirt because of one of his sporting idols, the NBA basketball player Larry Bird. His favorite hobbies include golf, the New England Patriots, and the Boston Red Sox.
Bagley, now retired, lives in Wilmington, NC with his family.
His personal motto is "YOLO".

</doc>
<doc id="7037605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037605" title="Agonoscelis rutila">
Agonoscelis rutila



</doc>
<doc id="7037610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037610" title="Seven hills of rome">
Seven hills of rome



</doc>
<doc id="7037611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037611" title="Penetration Depth">
Penetration Depth



</doc>
<doc id="7037612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037612" title="Pío XI Glacier">
Pío XI Glacier



</doc>
<doc id="7037617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037617" title="Bieruń-Lędziny County">
Bieruń-Lędziny County

Bieruń-Lędziny County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Bieruń, which lies south-east of the regional capital Katowice. The county also contains the towns of Lędziny, lying south-east of Bieruń, and Imielin, east of Bieruń.
Before 2002 the county had its seat in the city of Tychy (outside the county), and was called Tychy County ("powiat tyski").
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 59,715, out of which the population of Bieruń is 19,539, that of Lędziny is 16,776, that of Imielin is 9,175, and the rural population is 14,225.
Neighbouring counties.
Bieruń-Lędziny County is bordered by the cities of Mysłowice and Jaworzno to the north, Oświęcim County to the east, Pszczyna County to the south, and the cities of Tychy and Katowice to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (three urban and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7037619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037619" title="Powiat of Bieruń-Lędziny">
Powiat of Bieruń-Lędziny



</doc>
<doc id="7037622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037622" title="Bierun-Ledziny County">
Bierun-Ledziny County



</doc>
<doc id="7037624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037624" title="Seven Hills Of Rome">
Seven Hills Of Rome



</doc>
<doc id="7037627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037627" title="Eric A. Posner">
Eric A. Posner



</doc>
<doc id="7037631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037631" title="Baram River">
Baram River

The Baram River () is a river in Sarawak on the island of Borneo. The river originates in the Kelabit Highlands, a watershed demarcated by the Iran Mountains of East Kalimantan, which form a natural border with Sarawak.
Geography.
The Baram river basin, an area of some , has been part of Sarawak since it was ceded to the White Rajah of Sarawak by the then sultan of Brunei in 1882, for a perpetual annual payment of 6,000 dollars.
The river flows westwards through tropical rainfores (Köppen climate classification "Af" type) to the South China Sea. The Baram catchment receives around 3,800 mm of rainfall per year. The Baram River terminates in a delta, which is subdivided into two units: East Barma Delta of Middle-Late Miocene age and West Baram Delta of Late Miocene-Quaternary age. The western unit is composed of mudstones enriched in organic components (total organic carbon content is more than 1.0 wt.%) which constitute substantial oil and gas reserves.
The river is crossed not far from its mouth by the Miri-Baram Highway, Federal Route 22, on the Batang Baram Bridge opened in 2003. Some 100 km upstream lies the town of Marudi.
Etymology.
"Batang" (meaning "trunk" in Malay) is the name used for the main river in the river system such as "Batang Baram" (Baram river). For upriver areas, such as the areas surrounding the headwaters, the place is named as "Ulu" (which means "upriver"). For example, "Ulu Baram" is the upriver part of the Baram river. "Long" meaning "confluence" is used by the Orang Ulu (upriver people). It is used to name the places located at the confluence between the smaller tributaries and the major river, same way as the Malay usage of the name "Kuala" (meaning river delta). The name "Pa'" (meaning "village") is exclusively used in the Kelabit Highlands such as "Pa Umor" village in Bario.
History.
The Baram river flood happened in May 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="7037638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037638" title="Nudity (partial and analogous)">
Nudity (partial and analogous)



</doc>
<doc id="7037642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037642" title="Stay out of my life">
Stay out of my life



</doc>
<doc id="7037643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037643" title="Saddle Brook High School">
Saddle Brook High School

Saddle Brook High School is a six-year comprehensive community public high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grades from Saddle Brook, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the Saddle Brook Public Schools.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 804 students and 65.9 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.2:1. There were 161 students (20.0% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 28 (3.5% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
in December 1955, voters approved by a better than 6-1 margin a referendum allocating $1.15 million (equivalent to $ million in ) for the construction of a high school on a site that had been contributed by the township; voters had rejected an earlier proposal that would have spent $1.8 million for a junior-senior high school project.
Students in ninth through twelfth grades had attended Lodi High School until the new Saddle Brook High School opened in September 1958. At its opening, the building served 650 students in grades 7-10, with those in eleventh and twelfth grades continuing in Lodi until their graduation.
With the opening of the Long Memorial Elementary School in Spring 1960, 7th and 8th grade students from Cambridge School no longer used space in the high school building. The high school was expanded in the mid 1960s and by the 1970s there were approximately 1,200 students in grades 9 through 12. Due to changes in demographics, the school became a High School/Middle School in the early 1990s serving grades 7 through 12. At that time Washington Elementary School was closed and reused for other purposes and the other three elementary schools in Saddle Brook—Franklin, Helen I. Smith and Long Memorial—changed from a K-8 format to K-6.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 205th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 153rd in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 170th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 142nd in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 191st in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Athletics.
The Saddle Brook High School Falcons participate in the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference, which is comprised of small-enrollment schools in Bergen, Hudson, Morris and Passaic counties, and was created following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Prior to realignment that took effect in the fall of 2010, Saddle Brook was a member of the smaller Bergen-Passaic Scholastic League (BPSL). With 397 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group I for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 75 to 476 students in that grade range. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group I North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 254 to 474 students.
Interscholastic sports teams offered at Saddle Brook include football, boys soccer, girls soccer, cross country boys and girls, boys basketball, girls basketball, wrestling, winter track boys and girls, spring track boys and girls, baseball, softball and girls tennis.
The boys' track team won the Group I / II indoor relay title in 1973 (as co-champion with Metuchen High School), won the Group II title in 1976, and won the Group I title in 1987 and 1991; the girls' track team won the Group I championship in 1983 and 1992.
The boys team has won winter / indoor track titles in Group II in both 1975 and 1976, and in Group I in 1991, 2004 (as co-champion) and 2005.
The girls' cross country team won the Group II state championship in 1976 and 1978.
The wrestling team won the North I Group II state sectional championship in 1981
The softball team won the North I, Group I state sectional championships in 1998 and 2000, 2002, 2005, 2009 and won again in 2013 with a 5-0 victory over New Milford High School in the tournament finals. The softball team has had 16 consecutive 20-game win seasons. The team won the BPSL Carpenter Division title in 1999, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2006, 2007 and 2009 and in 2008 made it to the final in the county tournament as the only group I school left in the tournament.
The boys track team won the Group I spring / outdoor track state championship in 2005. Saddle Brook's track and field team, led by Coach Howard Schuman, won the 2005 indoor and outdoor Group I NJSIAA state track championships.
Under Head Coach Darren White, the Saddle Brook High football team saw a resurgence in its program from 1999 to 2003. In those years the Falcons reached the state playoffs in five consecutive seasons, after years where the team had finished with records of 0-10 and 1-9.
Administration.
The school's principal is Donald J. Meisch Jr. His administration team includes the vice principal.

</doc>
<doc id="7037644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037644" title="Pike High School">
Pike High School

Pike High School is a public high school on the northwest side of Indianapolis, Indiana.
Athletics.
Conference History
Varsity Sports
State Championships 

</doc>
<doc id="7037655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037655" title="Golmayo">
Golmayo

Golmayo is a municipality in the Province of Soria, in the autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain. The municipality lies at an altitude of and covers an area of .
Demography.
The estimated population of the municipality was 1,527 in 2006, 1,688 in 2007 and 1,815 in 2008, of which 961 were male and 854 female. The population density is 9.56.
Golmayo is now the province's 9th largest municipality by population. In 1996 it was the 19th. Due to its proximity to the provincial capital of Soria, of which it is becoming a suburb, Golmayo had the fastest growth rate of the province in the period from 1998 to 2008, when it gained 932 inhabitants, a growth of 209%. This is in contrast to the province of Soria as a whole, which has had a negative population trend during the last decades: 165 out of the 193 municipalities of the province have actually lost population since the mid-nineties and the overall result for the province of Soria has been a 1.9% increase in population in the twelve years to 2008.
Local administration.
The mayor of Golmayo is Mr. Félix Cubillo Romera of the Partido Popular. This party has four councillors in the town's ayuntamiento while the "Agrupación Municipal Independiente de Golmayo", has three and the Partido Socialista Obrero Español has two.
Elections.
In the 2008 Spanish General Election, the ruling Partido Socialista Obrero Español received 47.7% of the vote in Golmayo, the Partido Popular received 42.1%, and Izquierda Unida received 3.1%.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="7037663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037663" title="Moyna Macgill">
Moyna Macgill

Moyna Macgill (born Charlotte Lillian McIldowie; 10 December 1895 – 25 November 1975) was a Scots-Irish actress from Belfast and the mother of actress Angela Lansbury and producers Edgar and Bruce Lansbury. In 2020, she was listed at number 35 on "The Irish Times" list of Ireland's greatest film actors.
Early life.
Born Charlotte Lillian McIldowie at 42 Eglantine Avenue in south Belfast, she was the daughter of William McIldowie and Elizabeth Jane (née Mageean). Her father was a wealthy solicitor of Scottish parentage who was a director of the Grand Opera House in Belfast, a position that sparked her interest in theatrics.
Career.
As a teenager she was noticed riding the London Underground by director and producer George Pearson, who cast her in several of his films. In 1918, she made her stage debut in the play "Love is a Cottage" at the West End theatres Globe Theatre. Encouraged by Sir Gerald du Maurier to change her name to Moyna Macgill (which invariably was misspelt as "MacGill" or "McGill", and on at least one occasion, the film "Texas, Brooklyn &amp; Heaven", as "Magill"), she became a leading actress of the day, appearing in light comedies, melodramas, and classics opposite Herbert Marshall, John Gielgud, and Basil Rathbone, among others.
Twenty-six-year-old Macgill was married with a three-year-old daughter, Isolde (who later married Sir Peter Ustinov), when she became involved romantically with Edgar Lansbury, a socialist politician, who was a son of the Labour MP and Leader of the Opposition George Lansbury. Her husband, actor Reginald Denham, named Lansbury as co-respondent when he filed for divorce. A year after it was finalized, Macgill and Lansbury married and with Isolde settled into a garden flat in London's Regent's Park.
Macgill temporarily set aside her career following the birth of daughter Angela and twin sons Edgar, Jr., and Bruce (both went on to become Broadway producers, but Bruce is better known for his work on television, such as the series "The Wild Wild West", "", and his sister's "Murder, She Wrote"), although music and dance were prevalent in their upbringing. When they moved into a larger house in suburban Mill Hill, she turned their home into a salon for actors, writers, directors, musicians, and artists, all of whom left an impression on young Angela and were instrumental in directing her interests towards acting.
Family.
MacGill was born Charlotte Lilian McIldowie in Belfast on 10 December 1895 to William McIldowie (a solicitor) and Elizabeth Jane McIldowie (nee Mageean) of 42 Eglantine Avenue.
MacGill's daughter Angela Lansbury, after having featured in a number of musicals from 1940 to the 1960s, would become a popular stage and film actress in her own right, starring in the long-running television series "Murder, She Wrote".
In 1935, Edgar Lansbury died of stomach cancer, a year after publishing a biography of his father George. Macgill began an affair with Scotsman Leckie Forbes, a former colonel with the British Army in India. The two moved their respective families to a house in Hampstead, but Macgill soon discovered Forbes' military career had made him a staunch disciplinarian who ruled the household like a tyrant.
When the opportunity to take her children to the U.S. presented itself just prior to The Blitz, she spirited them away under cover of night. She never spoke to Forbes again. In New York City, Macgill was unable to work in movies or on the stage, not having a work visa, and she took to presenting dramatic readings at private schools for income.
In 1942, she was invited to join a troupe that was rehearsing Noël Coward's "Tonight at 8.30" for a touring production designed to raise funds for the Royal Canadian Air Force. She accepted, and when the company finished the run in Vancouver, she headed to Hollywood to seek work there. She soon sent for Angela, and eventually, the twins and the family settled in Laurel Canyon.
Hollywood career.
Her career in Hollywood consisted largely of small character parts in films and on television. Among her more notable film credits are "Frenchman's Creek" and "The Picture of Dorian Gray" (which co-starred her daughter Angela). In later years she made guest appearances on such television series as "Studio One", "The Twilight Zone", "Dr. Kildare", "Mister Ed" and "My Favorite Martian".
Death.
She died of esophageal cancer in Los Angeles, aged 79.

</doc>
<doc id="7037668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037668" title="Jk simmons">
Jk simmons



</doc>
<doc id="7037674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037674" title="Tarnowskie Góry County">
Tarnowskie Góry County

Tarnowskie Góry County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Tarnowskie Góry, which lies north-west of the regional capital Katowice. The county contains three other towns: Radzionków, south of Tarnowskie Góry, Kalety, north of Tarnowskie Góry, and Miasteczko Śląskie, north-east of Tarnowskie Góry.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 140,022, out of which the population of Tarnowskie Góry is 61,422, that of Radzionków is 16,826, that of Kalety is 8,607, that of Miasteczko Śląskie is 7,437, and the rural population is 45,730.
Neighbouring counties.
Tarnowskie Góry County is bordered by Lubliniec County to the north, Myszków County to the east, Będzin County and the city of Piekary Śląskie to the south-east, the cities of Bytom and Zabrze to the south, the city of Gliwice and Gliwice County to the south-west, and Strzelce County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into nine gminas (four urban and five rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7037675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037675" title="Josephites of Belgium">
Josephites of Belgium

The Institute of the Josephites of Belgium (), commonly called Josephites is a Roman Catholic clerical religious congregation of pontifical right for men devoted to the Christian education of the youth It was founded in Ghent Belgium by Canon van Crombrugghe, in 1817. Its members add the nominal letters C.J. after their names to indicate membership in the Institute.
While their primary apostolate is the education of the youth, they also have a missionary past in Africa. Their headquarters is at Karmelietenstraat 57, 9500 Geraardsbergen, Belgium. The organisation is a Congregation of Pontifical Right.
History.
The Josephites were founded in the Diocese of Ghent by Canon Constant van Crombrugghe in 1817. Members of the congregation use the initials "C.J." after their names.
The purpose was the education of children from poorer backgrounds who might not otherwise go to school. The congregation set up a commercial school and an industrial school.
As of 2017 the congregation had established four schools in Belgium, two in England, one in the United States, and nine in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Statistics.
In 2018, they had 9 houses, with 111 members including 72 priests. 

</doc>
<doc id="7037677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037677" title="Tarnowskie Gory County">
Tarnowskie Gory County



</doc>
<doc id="7037679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037679" title="Powiat of Tarnowskie Góry">
Powiat of Tarnowskie Góry



</doc>
<doc id="7037680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037680" title="Lodi High School">
Lodi High School

Lodi High School can refer to one of many schools. The following list is ordered by state/province/territory and then municipality:

</doc>
<doc id="7037688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037688" title="Eagle Snacks">
Eagle Snacks

Eagle Snacks is a brand name for snack food originally introduced by the Anheuser-Busch company in 1979. Eagle Snacks is not to be confused with Eagle Brand, a trademark used by Borden to market its sweetened condensed milk and dessert lines, now owned by The J.M. Smucker Co.
History.
Under the Eagle Snacks label, Anheuser-Busch marketed bite-size pretzels, potato chips, cheese snacks, nuts and similar foods. Some of the snacks were in the shape of an eagle, reflecting both the brand name and the eagle in the Anheuser-Busch logo.
The Eagle Snack mix featured honey roasted peanuts, eagle-shaped pretzels and bacon-cheddar crackers that reproduced Anheuser-Busch's interlocking "A" and eagle logo.
Jack Klugman and Tony Randall of TV’s "The Odd Couple" starred in a number of television commercials and print ads for Eagle Snacks during the 1980s and 1990s.
The brand was ultimately unprofitable for Anheuser-Busch, which sold the brand to Procter &amp; Gamble in 1996. P&amp;G acquired rights to the products and brand, but not the Anheuser-Busch logo originally used to market the brand. P&amp;G licensed the brand to Chicago-based Reserve Brands Inc. in 2007.
Current status.
As of August 30, 2021 the Eagle Snacks brand is owned and operated by Eagle Snacks Inc. (owned by The Raimondi Family ) of Farmingdale, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="7037689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037689" title="Joyce Carol Thomas">
Joyce Carol Thomas

Joyce Carol Thomas (May 25, 1938 – August 13, 2016) was an African-American poet, playwright, motivational speaker, and author of more than 30 children's books.
Background.
Thomas was born in Ponca City, Oklahoma, the fifth of nine children in a family of cotton pickers. In 1948 they moved to Tracy, California, to pick vegetables. She learned Spanish from Mexican migrant workers and earned a B.A. in Spanish from San Jose State University. She took night classes in education at Stanford University, while raising four children, and received the master's degree in 1967.
Literary awards.
For her 1982 novel "Marked by Fire", Thomas won a National Book Award in category Children's Fiction (paperback)
and an American Book Award.
Thomas has been one of three to five finalists for the Coretta Scott King Award thrice, in 1984 for "Bright Shadow", in 1994 for "Brown Honey in Broomwheat Tea", and in 2009 for "The Blacker the Berry." Part of the American Library Association program, the King Award annually recognizes the "most distinguished portrayal of African American experience in literature for children or teens".
She also received a New York Times Outstanding Book of the Year Award and an Outstanding Woman of the 20th Century Award.
Personal life.
Thomas resided in Berkeley, California. She died on August 13, 2016, at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="7037691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037691" title="Fapardokly">
Fapardokly



</doc>
<doc id="7037694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037694" title="Rodney J. Squirrel">
Rodney J. Squirrel



</doc>
<doc id="7037698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037698" title="Ladislao">
Ladislao

Ladislao is a given name, a Hispanic variant of Vladislav. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="7037699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037699" title="Welsh Chess Union">
Welsh Chess Union

The Welsh Chess Union () is the national chess federation for Wales. Formed on 19 June 1954 as a Union of Associations in South Wales and Monmouthshire, it was originally a part of the British Chess Federation (BCF). The Union established the Welsh Championship in 1955. On 15 November 1969 it withdrew from the BCF to apply for membership in the World Chess Federation (FIDE) as an independent body. FIDE accepted the application at the Siegen Congress in 1970 and Wales competed in its first Olympiad at Skopje 1972, finishing 43rd of 62.
The Union comprises five county associations or "zones": Dyfed , East Glamorgan , Gwent , West Wales , and Chester &amp; District Chess League .
Its objects are to promote, organise and regulate the playing of competitive chess throughout Wales. Its moto is "Ymosodiad Dewr; Amddiffyniad Sicr" - "Bold in Attack; In Defence Secure".
The President of the Union from 2014-present is Bill Harle and the Executive Director is Mark Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="7037705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037705" title="Inuktitut (magazine)">
Inuktitut (magazine)

Inuktitut ("ᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ") is a Canadian Inuit magazine produced by the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami and Beat Studios. The magazine, now available quarterly (twice per year), is published in Inuktitut (syllabics), Inuinnaqtun, English, and French.
The stated goal of the magazine is to present "...the heritage of Inuit culture, language and society in a modern format". The magazine publishes first person stories, essays, fiction, features, editorials, traditional legends, and oral Inuit history. They also reproduce material and pictures found in archives and personal collections worldwide.
"Inuktitut" was first published in 1959 and is funded by Indian and Northern Affairs Canada. Originally published three times a year in black and white, the magazine was relaunched in 2005 as a quarterly in full colour and accepts advertising. The claimed circulation is 13,000 , and it is available by mail throughout Nunavut, Nunavik, Nunatsiavut, and the Inuvialuit region of the Northwest Territories. Although the magazine is available free in the above areas, it is also possible to obtain an annual subscription for C$25.

</doc>
<doc id="7037710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037710" title="Gyurcsany">
Gyurcsany



</doc>
<doc id="7037731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037731" title="Kervaire-Milnor theorem">
Kervaire-Milnor theorem



</doc>
<doc id="7037733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037733" title="Wodzisław County">
Wodzisław County

Wodzisław County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland, on the Czech border. It came into being on 1 January 1999 as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Wodzisław Śląski, which lies south-west of the regional capital Katowice. The county contains three other towns: Rydułtowy, north of Wodzisław Śląski, Radlin, north-east of Wodzisław Śląski, and Pszów, north-west of Wodzisław Śląski.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 157,346, out of which the population of Wodzisław Śląski is 47,992, that of Rydułtowy is 21,616, that of Radlin is 17,776, that of Pszów is 13,896, and the rural population is 56,066.
History.
Wodzisław area was heavily influenced by the Duchy of Racibórz, Duchy of Wodzisław and Wodzisław State country in the Middle Ages and later. First Wodzisław county was created in 1954. It covered vast area, including current Wodzisław County and Jastrzębie-Zdrój. In 1975 administrative reforms repealed counties ("powiaty") in Poland. In 1999 Jerzy Buzek government restored Wodzisław county (without Jastrzębie) along with other counties.
Neighbouring counties.
Wodzisław County is bordered by Racibórz County to the west, the city of Rybnik and Rybnik County to the north-east, and the city of Jastrzębie-Zdrój to the east. It also borders the Czech Republic to the south.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into nine gminas (four urban and five rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
Sights.
Wodzisław Śląski
Rydułtowy
Radlin
Twin regions.
Wodzisław County is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="7037735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037735" title="Prince Rainer of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha">
Prince Rainer of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha

Prince Rainer Maria Joseph Florian Ignatius Michael Gabriel Raphael Gonzaga of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, in German: "Rainer Maria Joseph Florian Ignatius Michael Gabriel Raphael Gonzaga, Prinz von Sachsen-Coburg und Gotha" (4 May 1900, in Pola – after 7 January 1945). Cadet of a reigning German dynasty, Prince Rainer was the head of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha-Koháry branch of the House of Wettin, heir in the female line of one of the oldest and wealthiest families of the Hungarian nobility. 
He disappeared during the siege of Budapest, and was believed to have been kidnapped by Russians or killed by retreating German troops in 1945.
Family.
He was the second son of Prince August Leopold of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and his wife Archduchess Karoline Marie of Austria. At the time of his birth the House of Wettin ruled the Kingdom of Saxony and the Ernestine duchies in Germany, as well as the kingdoms of Belgium, Portugal, Bulgaria and the United Kingdom.
The deaths of his older brother August (1908) and his father (1922), made him the fourth in the Roman Catholic line of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha princes to inherit the legacy of the House of Koháry.
He had four sisters and two younger brothers, Prince Philipp (married with issue) and Prince Ernst (married without issue).
Significance.
In addition to being in the line of succession to the Coburg throne, he possessed one of the largest fortunes in Hungary, one of the constituent realms within the Habsburg Empire, whose reign, however, he saw come to an end, along with that of the Dukes of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, in 1918. Even after the fall of the German and Austro-Hungarian monarchies, he retained ownership of most of the vast Koháry domains, which continued to generate a princely income. He also owned the Csábrág and Szitnya castles, both in modern-day Slovakia, among other lands in Central Europe.
Marriage and issue.
In Munich on 15 December 1930 Prince Rainer married, firstly, Johanna Károlyi de Károly-Patty (17 September 1906 – 17 November 1992). They had one son: 
Rainer and Johanna were divorced in 1935.
In Budapest, on 13 February 1940, Rainer married, secondly, Edith de Kózol, by whom he had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="7037736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037736" title="Powiat of Wodzisław">
Powiat of Wodzisław



</doc>
<doc id="7037738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037738" title="Wodzislaw County">
Wodzislaw County



</doc>
<doc id="7037739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037739" title="Wodzisław Śląski County">
Wodzisław Śląski County



</doc>
<doc id="7037743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037743" title="The Score television network">
The Score television network



</doc>
<doc id="7037762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037762" title="Scholarly writing">
Scholarly writing



</doc>
<doc id="7037773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037773" title="Bielsko County">
Bielsko County

Bielsko County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Bielsko-Biała, although the city is not part of the county (it constitutes a separate city county). The county contains three towns: Czechowice-Dziedzice, north-west of Bielsko-Biała, Szczyrk, south of Bielsko-Biała, and Wilamowice, north-east of Bielsko-Biała.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 165,374, out of which the population of Czechowice-Dziedzice is 35,926, that of Szczyrk is 5,734, that of Wilamowice is 3,100, and the rural population is 120,614.
Neighbouring counties.
Apart from the city of Bielsko-Biała, Bielsko County is also bordered by Pszczyna County and Oświęcim County to the north, Wadowice County to the east, Żywiec County to the south, and Cieszyn County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 10 gminas (one urban, two urban-rural and seven rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7037774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037774" title="Powiat of Bielsko-Biała">
Powiat of Bielsko-Biała



</doc>
<doc id="7037775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037775" title="Conferencia Episcopal Argentina">
Conferencia Episcopal Argentina



</doc>
<doc id="7037776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037776" title="Bielsko-Biala County">
Bielsko-Biala County



</doc>
<doc id="7037780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037780" title="Siribesi Subprefecture">
Siribesi Subprefecture



</doc>
<doc id="7037792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037792" title="Alan Able">
Alan Able



</doc>
<doc id="7037796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037796" title="Bielsk Podlaski County">
Bielsk Podlaski County



</doc>
<doc id="7037803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037803" title="See-Gaster (district)">
See-Gaster (district)



</doc>
<doc id="7037805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037805" title="List of Batman family enemies">
List of Batman family enemies

The Batman family enemies are a collection of supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. These characters are depicted as adversaries of the superhero Batman and his allies.
Since Batman first appeared in "Detective Comics" #27 (May 1939), his supporting cast has expanded to include other superheroes, and has become what is now called the "Bat-family". As with most superheroes, a cast of recurring enemies to the Batman family have been introduced throughout the years, collectively referred to as Batman's "rogues gallery". Many characters from Batman's rogues gallery who are criminally insane become patients at Arkham Asylum after they are apprehended.
Supervillains and themed criminals.
The following fictional characters are listed in alphabetical order by the name of their supervillain persona. Each character's first appearance and brief biographies of each fictional character are also listed, staying to their fictional histories and characteristics in the DC Universe.
Sometimes more than one fictional character will share a supervillain persona. In those cases, the name of the character most associated with said supervillain identity will have their name in bold in their biography.
Classic rogues gallery.
Listed below are the Batman family's most enduring and iconic enemies.
Other recurring enemies.
These are major Batman family enemies that have not quite reached the status of Batman's classic rogues gallery.
The League of Assassins.
First appearing in "Strange Adventures" #215, the League of Assassins is a team of highly trained killers that was founded by Ra's al Ghul and has often swayed from working under his organization to working independently of it. The group has been led at times by Dr. Ebeneezer Darrk, the Sensei, Lady Shiva, and Cassandra Cain.
Morrison-era enemies (2007–2011).
These are enemies that were introduced under writer Grant Morrison.
"The New 52" and beyond.
In September 2011, "The New 52" rebooted DC's continuity. Since this new timeline began, these supervillains have been introduced. These are characters that have not been around long enough to apply to any other category.
Enemies of lesser renown.
These enemies are categorized by their obscurity or for being less notable than other characters in this article.
Villains from other rogues galleries.
When these villains debuted, they fought other heroes before fighting Batman. 
Teams.
The following is a list of fictional teams, groups of supervillains, gangs, and organized crime families that are enemies of the Batman family, listed in alphabetical order by name. The first appearance and a brief fictional biography of each team is also listed.
Mobsters and plainclothes criminals.
Besides his infamous rogues gallery of supervillains, Batman has also faced more "ordinary" enemies, such as assassins, mobsters and terrorists.
In alphabetical order (with issue and date of first appearance)
Two of Batman's mobster foes have donned costumes and crossed over to become supervillains:
Corrupt cops and government officials.
In alphabetical order (with issue and date of first appearance)
Antiheroes and reformed supervillains.
The following is a list of Batman enemies who have reformed and are more often depicted as allies of the masked vigilante than enemies. 
Allies in conflict.
Some characters generally considered to be allies, yet have come into conflict with Batman.
In alphabetical order (with issue and date of first appearance):
Reception.
Batman's rogues gallery has received critical acclaim, cited by many journalists as one of the greatest rogues galleries in all of comic books. Newsarama ranked Batman's villains as the second-greatest comic book rogues gallery of all time, only preceded by that of Spider-Man, stating that "the Dark Knight Detective is one of comics' most enduring, most iconic, and most popular characters, and none of that would be possible without the denizens of Gotham City's dense and dangerous underworld. Batman may be a household name, but the Joker, the Penguin, Mr. Freeze, Catwoman, Two-Face, and the Riddler are just as recognizable."
The internet blog io9 observed that "much of the appeal of Batman is that, unlike other superheroes, he's simply a person who has pushed himself to the edge of his natural limits. The flipside of that, though, is that the villains he faces are also by and large simply people with a single, notable obsession—and that's why they're so much more interesting than the usual set of villains." According to "What Culture!", "Batman's villains stand in stark contrast to the other rogues galleries in comics lore; they're an unusual collection of freaks who generally blame the Dark Knight for their existence to begin with. Batman villains are usually cut off from reality, often coming to terms with a deranged part of their psyche—mirroring the darkness and split that also defines the Bat." HitFix praised Batman's rogues gallery, stating that "Great heroes are defined by the villains they face, and no group of evil-doers, murderers, criminals and psychopaths are greater than those stalking Gotham City. From murderous clowns, to cerebral assassins, to brutish monsters, Batman has a literal murderer's row of foes that constantly test his crime fighting acumen."

</doc>
<doc id="7037812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037812" title="Marked by Fire">
Marked by Fire

Marked by Fire (first published January 1, 1982) is a novel by Joyce Carol Thomas. Thomas and Paula Fox ("A Place Apart") shared the 1983 National Book Award for Children's Books in category Fiction, Paperback.
The story follows the life of Abyssinia "Abby" Jackson, whose home in Oklahoma is destroyed by a tornado and fire. Her father's name was "Strong" and her mother's "Patience".

</doc>
<doc id="7037819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037819" title="Journal of Language and Learning">
Journal of Language and Learning



</doc>
<doc id="7037822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037822" title="Asopinae">
Asopinae

Asopinae are a subfamily of stink bugs (family Pentatomidae). They are predatory stink bugs that are useful as biological control agents against pests, even against other Pentatomid species, which are all herbivorous.

</doc>
<doc id="7037827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037827" title="Woodbine Mile">
Woodbine Mile

The Woodbine Mile is a Grade I stakes race on turf for Thoroughbred racehorses three years old and up held annually in mid September at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Canada. Currently sponsored by Ricoh, the Woodbine Mile offers a purse of Can$1,000,000.
Part of the Breeders' Cup Challenge series, the winner of the Woodbine Mile automatically qualifies for the Breeders' Cup Mile.
The inaugural race in 1988 was sponsored by Molson Breweries with a purse of $750,000 and run as the Molson Export Challenge, reflecting the name of the company's flagship beer. It was changed to the Molson Export Million when the purse was increased to $1million. In 1999, under new sponsorship it was renamed and raced as the Atto Mile until 2006.
Since inception, the race has been run at three different distances:
Originally restricted to three-year-olds on the dirt, with the modification to one mile on turf in 1997 the race was also made open to older horses. As a result of the change from dirt to turf, the race was ungraded in 1997 and 1998.
Historical notes.
In 2005, the Brazilian horse, Leroidesanimaux, set the record for the largest margin of victory at seven and three-quarter lengths while carrying the highest weight of any winner in the race's history at 124 pounds.
In 2009, Ventura became the first female to win this race in 13 years. In the process, she also set the record time of 1:32.04. Wise Dan broke this record in 2013 while becoming the first two-time winner of the race.
Records.
Time record: 
Most wins
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Winners.
† – Hawksley Hill won the 1999 race but was disqualified to 4th

</doc>
<doc id="7037831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037831" title="Banpo Museum">
Banpo Museum

The Banpo Museum () is an archaeological museum in Baqiao District, Xi'an, Shaanxi, China. The museum houses artifacts from the type site of Banpo. The museum gives access to the excavated buildings, has a collection of artifacts from the site, and also has several reconstructed houses designed to resemble the Neolithic settlement.
Buses run there from the Terracotta Army and from central Xi'an.

</doc>
<doc id="7037834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037834" title="My Father's Dragon (1997 film)">
My Father's Dragon (1997 film)

 is a 1997 Japanese animated film based on the "My Father's Dragon" children's books by Ruth Stiles Gannett and their illustrations by Ruth Chrisman Gannett.

</doc>
<doc id="7037836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037836" title="Ōhaeawai">
Ōhaeawai

Ōhaeawai is a small village at the junction of State Highway 1 and State Highway 12 in the Far North District of New Zealand, some from Auckland. The town of Kaikohe is to the west, and the Bay of Islands is a short drive to the east.
The New Zealand Ministry for Culture and Heritage gives a translation of "place of thermal waters" for "Ōhaeawai".
History.
Nearby is the site of the bloody Battle of Ohaeawai fought at Pene Taui's pā (fort) during the Flagstaff War in 1845. The therapeutic mercurial waters of the minor health spa of Ngawha Springs are in a small thermal area to the west, where Northland prison is situated. The village is the centre of a rich farming district as a result of the fertile volcanic soils, with the district known to the Ngāpuhi as Tai-a-mai.
Taiamai was the name given to a large boulder of volcanic rock situated about 400 m (quarter mile) south east of the Ohaeawai Hotel. This prominent rock stands about high, and was formerly an uruuru whenua, a place where travellers recited a charm and placed a small offering, such as a branch or tuft of grass, in order to placate the spirits of that place.
In 1845 Te Ruki Kawiti and Pene Taui fortified Taui's pā (fort), which British forces laid siege to in July that year. The outcome of the Battle of Ohaeawai is considered to be a defeat of the British colonial forces. St. Michael's Anglican Church was built in 1870 on the site of the pā.
St. Michael's Anglican Church is from Kaikohe and 3.2 km from the township of Ohaeawai, situated on a gentle rise a short distance west of the main road. In August 2018 the battleground area around the church, including the urupā (cemetery), was added to the Heritage New Zealand list as a wāhi tapu, a place sacred to the Ngāti Rangi hapū and of historic significance.
The locality is usually called Ngawha, from the hot springs in the neighbourhood. Cowan (1922) asserts that the site of the church (and earlier pā) is the true Ohaeawai and the European township which has appropriated the name should properly be known as Taiamai.
In June 2019, the name of the locality was officially gazetted as Ōhaeawai by the New Zealand Geographic Board.
Demographics.
Statistics New Zealand describes Ōhaeawai as a rural settlement. It covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2. The settlement is part of the larger Ōhaeawai-Waimate North statistical area.
Ōhaeawai had a population of 429 in the 2023 New Zealand census, an increase of 30 people (7.5%) since the 2018 census, and an increase of 90 people (26.5%) since the 2013 census. There were 204 males, 222 females and 3 people of other genders in 126 dwellings. 4.2% of people identified as LGBTIQ+. The median age was 38.2 years (compared with 38.1 years nationally). There were 105 people (24.5%) aged under 15 years, 63 (14.7%) aged 15 to 29, 198 (46.2%) aged 30 to 64, and 66 (15.4%) aged 65 or older.
People could identify as more than one ethnicity. The results were 64.3% European (Pākehā); 53.1% Māori; 3.5% Pasifika; 2.1% Asian; 0.7% Middle Eastern, Latin American and African New Zealanders (MELAA); and 2.8% other, which includes people giving their ethnicity as "New Zealander". English was spoken by 98.6%, Māori language by 14.0%, Samoan by 0.7% and other languages by 2.8%. No language could be spoken by 0.7% (e.g. too young to talk). New Zealand Sign Language was known by 1.4%. The percentage of people born overseas was 10.5, compared with 28.8% nationally.
Religious affiliations were 29.4% Christian, 7.0% Māori religious beliefs, and 0.7% other religions. People who answered that they had no religion were 59.4%, and 3.5% of people did not answer the census question.
Of those at least 15 years old, 30 (9.3%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, 201 (62.0%) had a post-high school certificate or diploma, and 78 (24.1%) people exclusively held high school qualifications. The median income was $38,300, compared with $41,500 nationally. 15 people (4.6%) earned over $100,000 compared to 12.1% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 168 (51.9%) people were employed full-time, 48 (14.8%) were part-time, and 15 (4.6%) were unemployed.
Ōhaeawai-Waimate North statistical area.
Ōhaeawai-Waimate North statistical area covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Ōhaeawai-Waimate North had a population of 1,251 in the 2023 New Zealand census, an increase of 111 people (9.7%) since the 2018 census, and an increase of 318 people (34.1%) since the 2013 census. There were 609 males, 636 females and 6 people of other genders in 411 dwellings. 2.9% of people identified as LGBTIQ+. The median age was 46.4 years (compared with 38.1 years nationally). There were 219 people (17.5%) aged under 15 years, 198 (15.8%) aged 15 to 29, 576 (46.0%) aged 30 to 64, and 255 (20.4%) aged 65 or older.
People could identify as more than one ethnicity. The results were 70.3% European (Pākehā); 45.8% Māori; 3.1% Pasifika; 2.2% Asian; 0.5% Middle Eastern, Latin American and African New Zealanders (MELAA); and 1.9% other, which includes people giving their ethnicity as "New Zealander". English was spoken by 98.1%, Māori language by 12.9%, Samoan by 0.5% and other languages by 4.6%. No language could be spoken by 1.0% (e.g. too young to talk). New Zealand Sign Language was known by 0.7%. The percentage of people born overseas was 14.1, compared with 28.8% nationally.
Religious affiliations were 28.1% Christian, 0.2% Islam, 5.0% Māori religious beliefs, 0.2% Buddhist, 0.7% New Age, and 0.5% other religions. People who answered that they had no religion were 60.0%, and 5.8% of people did not answer the census question.
Of those at least 15 years old, 123 (11.9%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, 603 (58.4%) had a post-high school certificate or diploma, and 258 (25.0%) people exclusively held high school qualifications. The median income was $37,200, compared with $41,500 nationally. 66 people (6.4%) earned over $100,000 compared to 12.1% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 510 (49.4%) people were employed full-time, 165 (16.0%) were part-time, and 24 (2.3%) were unemployed.
Marae.
There are three Ngāpuhi marae in the Ōhaeawai area. Parawhenua Marae is affiliated with the hapū of Ngāti Hineira, Ngāti Korohue, Te Uri Taniwha and Te Whanauwhero. Rāwhitiroa or Te Ahuahu Marae is affiliated with Ngāti Hineira, Te Kapotai, Te Popoto, Te Uri Taniwha and Ngawha Marae affiliated with Ngati Rangi.
In October 2020, the Government committed $499,093 from the Provincial Growth Fund to upgrade the Parawhenua Marae, creating 10 jobs.
Education.
Ohaeawai School is a coeducational contributing primary (years 1-6) school with a roll of students as of The school's history extends to 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="7037838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037838" title="Powiat of Bielsko">
Powiat of Bielsko



</doc>
<doc id="7037839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037839" title="My13">
My13



</doc>
<doc id="7037843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037843" title="Saint Peter Port North">
Saint Peter Port North

Saint Peter Port North was an electoral district in Guernsey in the Channel Islands. It was created following the Machinery of Government changes which came into effect in 2004.
It consists of the northern part of the parish of St. Peter Port. It is divided from St. Peter Port South by the following roads: Rohais, Les Gravées, The Grange and St. Julian's Avenue.
Polling stations:
The district had six Deputies which represent its electorate in the States of Guernsey. In 2016 in line with the general reduction in the number of Deputies, it was reduced from seven to six.

</doc>
<doc id="7037844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037844" title="WSGY">
WSGY



</doc>
<doc id="7037854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037854" title="Freedman-Kirby theorem">
Freedman-Kirby theorem



</doc>
<doc id="7037856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037856" title="List of number-one singles in 1966 (New Zealand)">
List of number-one singles in 1966 (New Zealand)

This is a list of number-one hit singles in 1966 in New Zealand, starting with the first chart dated, 25 March 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="7037860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037860" title="Ad universalis Ecclesiae">
Ad universalis Ecclesiae

Ad universalis Ecclesiae is a papal constitution dealing with the conditions for admission to Catholic religious orders of men in which solemn vows were prescribed. It was issued by Pope Pius IX on 7 February 1862.
History.
Pius IX had issued, from time to time, various decrees regarding religious. These included:
These three decrees found their completion and perfection in the constitution "Ad universalis Ecclesiae".
Description.
This constitution marked a distinct departure from the Tridentine law. It differed both as to the necessary age and other requirements for admission of men to solemn vows in orders, congregations, and institutes in which solemn vows were prescribed. The immediate occasion of its promulgation was the settlement, once and forever, of doubts which had arisen and been presented to the Holy See about the validity of solemn vows made without due observance of the decree "Neminem Latet", i.e. without the three years' profession of simple vows.
It said that the "Neminem latet" regulation was intended to safeguard the religious orders, congregations, and institutes from losing their genuine spirit and former excellence by hastily and imprudently admitting youths having no true vocation and youths whose lives, morals, and bodily and mental endowments had not been properly investigated and no testimonial had been requested of, or received from, the bishop of their native place, or of the places where they had sojourned for the year immediately preceding their admission to the house of postulants.
The "Neminem latet" decree accomplished this by decreeing that novices, after the completion of their probation and novitiate, should make profession of simple vows for the term of three full years. This also included clerics after reaching sixteen years old or older (prescribed by the Council of Trent), and lay brothers, the age fixed by Pope Clement VIII (in "Suprema"). After the completion of their term, to be computed from the day of profession to the last hour of the third year, and if found worthy, they were to be admitted to solemn profession. Their superiors, for just and reasonable cause, could postpone the solemn profession. Such postponement was prohibited beyond the twenty-fifth year of age, except in the orders and countries where a longer term of simple profession was conceded by special indult of the Holy See.
Pius IX said that, nevertheless, novices had been admitted to solemn profession without the three years of simple vows. This gave great cause for doubt concerning the validity of the solemn profession. A decision upon that matter was requested from the Holy See. As the "Neminem latet" decree said nothing about nullity of solemn profession made in opposition to its regulation, the solemn profession made without the prescribed three years of simple vows was valid, though illicit.
In this papal constitution, Pius IX declared:
We, therefore, in a matter of such great importance, desiring to remove all occasion of future doubt, of Our own motion and certain knowledge, and in the plenitude of Our Apostolic power as regards the religious communities of men of whatever order, congregation, or institution in which solemn vows are made, do determine and decree to be null and void and of no value the profession of solemn vows, knowingly or ignorantly, in any manner, colour or pretext, made by novices or lay brothers, who, although they had completed the Tridentine probation and novitiate, had not previously made profession of simple vows and remained in that profession for the entire three years, even though the superiors, or they, or both respectively, had the intention of admitting to, or making, solemn vows, and had used all the ceremonies prescribed for solemn profession.
Women were not included in this law. They, unless special indults were granted, followed the Tridentine regulation until Pope Leo XIII (3 May 1902, "Decretum perpensis") enjoined on them the same profession of simple vows for three years prior to the solemn profession, under penalty of nullity.

</doc>
<doc id="7037865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037865" title="Earl Stephenson">
Earl Stephenson

Chester Earl Stephenson (born July 31, 1947) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher. The left-hander was drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the 3rd round of the 1967 amateur draft and played for the Cubs (1971), Milwaukee Brewers (1972), and Baltimore Orioles (1977–1978).
Career.
Born in Benson, North Carolina, Stephenson made his major league debut in relief on April 7, 1971 against the St. Louis Cardinals. He pitched a scoreless sixth and seventh in a 14–3 loss at Wrigley Field. He earned his first and only save seventeen days later against the New York Mets, hurling 2.1 scoreless innings in a 7–5 home victory.
He got his first big league win on May 16, 1971. In the first game of a home doubleheader vs. the San Diego Padres Stephenson entered the 7–7 contest in the top of the 10th and gave up a run, but the Cubs bailed him out with two runs in the bottom of the inning, thanks to a 2-run walk-off homer by Jim Hickman.
Stephenson was traded along with Jim Colborn and Brock Davis by the Cubs to the Milwaukee Brewers for outfielder José Cardenal on December 3, 1971. His best year in the majors was 1972 when he spent the entire season with the Brewers. He got into 35 games, most in relief, and was 3–5 with a 3.25 earned run average. In his other three big league years he spent the majority of the seasons in the minor leagues.
One highlight of the '72 season occurred at County Stadium when he earned his first win as a starting pitcher, hurling seven scoreless innings in a 2–0 victory over the Boston Red Sox in game one of a June 25 doubleheader. Another great start for Stephenson, even though he lost, was ten days later at Anaheim Stadium. His pitching opponent was future Hall of Famer Nolan Ryan of the California Angels. They were locked in a 0–0 game for eight innings, but the Angels scored a run with two out in the bottom of the 9th for a 1–0 win. (walk-off single by Winston Llenas)
Stephenson was dealt along with Jim Lonborg, Ken Brett and Ken Sanders by the Brewers to the Philadelphia Phillies for Don Money, John Vukovich and Bill Champion on October 31, 1972. He was selected by the Montreal Expos from the Eugene Emeralds in the Rule 5 draft on December 3, 1973.
Career totals for 54 games pitched include a 4–5 record, 8 games started, 1 complete game, 13 games finished, and 1 save. He allowed 45 earned runs in 113.1 innings pitched for an ERA of 3.57, struck out 50, and walked 49. Stephenson was a good defensive pitcher but a poor hitter. He handled 24 out of 25 chances successfully for a fielding percentage of .960, but went 0-for-20 (.000) at the plate with 13 strikeouts.
In between, Stephenson played winter ball with the Tigres de Aragua and Navegantes de Magallanes clubs of the Venezuelan League in three seasons spanning 1971–1977, pitching also for Aragua in the 1972 Caribbean Series. Afterwards, he played for the Bradenton Explorers of the United States Senior Professional Baseball Association in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="7037873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037873" title="Tom McCahill">
Tom McCahill

Thomas Jay McCahill III (June 21, 1907 – May 10, 1975) was an automotive journalist, born the grandson of a wealthy attorney in Larchmont, New York. McCahill graduated from Yale University with a degree in fine arts. (McCahill's father had been a football all-American at Yale). He is credited with, amongst other things, the creation of the "0 to 60" acceleration measurement now universally accepted in automotive testing. He became a salesman for Marmon and in the mid-1930s operated dealerships in Manhattan and Palm Springs, featuring Rolls-Royce, Jaguar, and other high-line luxury cars. The Great Depression and his father's alcoholism wiped out his family's fortune.
Journalist and automobile critic.
After graduating from Yale, McCahill managed and later owned Murray's Garage in New York City. During the war he wrote articles on a variety of subjects for magazines such as "Popular Science", "Reader's Digest" and "Mechanix Illustrated" ("M.I."). Hitting on the idea that an auto-starved post-wartime public might be interested in articles on new cars, he sold the concept to "Mechanix Illustrated" in February 1946, first reporting on his own 1946 Ford. His opinions were fearless and this endeared him to some in the automotive world but created enemies too. Ever the sportsman—at six foot two and 250 pounds—he once fought off goons hired by (as was believed at the time) General Motors. It is alleged that he sent two to the hospital and the third running.
McCahill was a personal friend of Walter P. Chrysler and appreciated the handling and performance characteristics of Chrysler Corporation cars in the late 1950s and 1960s, which included many advanced engineering features such as front torsion-bar suspensions (combined with rear multi-leaf springs) for flatter cornering, powerful V8 engine options across the board and positive-shifting three-speed TorqueFlite automatic transmissions. In a 1959 road test of the Plymouth Sport Fury (which he referred to as the "Sports Fury"), he claimed that the torsion bar suspensions were the finest in America. Few European sedans, said McCahill, could match the handling performance of the Plymouth.
On the other hand, many of McCahill's opinions about vehicles were far less favorable. For example, he reported in a 1949 road test that the new Dodge, with its semi-automatic transmission, was a "dog." He considered early 1950s Chevrolets mundane and utilitarian.
On the road.
On many of his earlier road tests, his wife Cynthia would accompany him as his photographer and almost always his black Labrador Retriever, "Boji". His later assistant was professional driver and photographer Jim McMichael who was photographed sitting—or lying—in the trunk of so many test cars McCahill eventually began calling him the " official trunk tester".
His prose.
McCahill frequently used extreme metaphors and similes in his prose. For example, in "Mechanix Illustrated" he described the AC Cobra as "hairier than a Borneo gorilla in a raccoon suit". He proclaimed the ride of a 1957 Pontiac to be as "smooth as a prom queen's thighs". The 1957 Ford "cornered as flat as a mailman's feet" and the 1954 De Soto is "as solid as the Rock of Gibraltar and just as fast." He described one model of Studebaker's gray-painted hubcaps as a feature "only an engineer could love."
Racing.
In 1952 McCahill entered his own Jaguar Mark VII sedan in the Daytona Beach NASCAR speed trials and won in the sedan class. Each year he attended and reported on world-renowned speed events, especially the Le Mans 24 Hour in France. He purchased the first Thunderbird built and raced it successfully in the 1955 Daytona speed trials. The Tom McCahill trophy was named for him. As director of the yearly speed trials at Daytona beach, he was responsible for overseeing the rules as well as the safety of the drivers and spectators. He was a personal friend of Briggs Cunningham and drove the fastest cars in the world.
Effect.
McCahill reported in detail on every car imported to the U.S. during the early 1950s, all the while ridiculing the U.S. automakers for their excesses, including soft suspensions ("Jello suspensions" as he referred to them) and poor handling qualities. An example is provided by one of the first road tests of the 1958 Edsel in the September 1957 issue of "Mechanix Illustrated": McCahill criticized the standard suspension as being too "horsey-back" and strongly recommended that Edsel buyers "pony up" a few extra bucks for the optional, heavy-duty (i.e. export) suspension package, which included heavier springs and shocks. He went so far as to tell his readers that "I wouldn't own one except with the export kit; without stiffer suspension, a car with so much performance (his test car had the 345-horsepower, 410 cubic-inch V8) could prove similar to opening a Christmas basket full of King Cobras in a small room with the lights out".
McCahill was in favor of lifting the Automobile Manufacturer's Association ban on factory backed stock car racing; although the ban was agreed upon by GM, Ford and Chrysler in June 1957, manufacturers continued under-the-table efforts to provide performance parts and engines to racing teams or performance-car enthusiasts. McCahill chose to live in Florida as its climate permitted owning such cars as his Jaguar sedan, as corrosion problems inherent with this type of car would have been compounded by the Eastern climate.
On the Chevrolet Corvair.
McCahill conducted and reported on the first road test of the Chevrolet Corvair in 1959. In the presence of Zora Arkus-Duntov, chief engineer of the Corvair project, McCahill ran the car at speed on the G.M. testing grounds. McCahill reported that he was pleased with the handling characteristics and that the Corvair handled better than the 1959 Porsche. This conflicts with the assertions by Ralph Nader in his book "Unsafe at Any Speed" criticizing the Corvair's handling. At the time Nader wrote "Unsafe at Any Speed", it is to be remembered he had neither an automotive engineering degree nor a driver's license. In response to Nader's book, McCahill tried to get a 1963 Corvair to flip, at one point sliding sideways into a street curb, but could not turn over the vehicle.
Favorite vehicles.
In the 600 road tests he performed and reported on, his favorite cars were the 1953 Bentley Continental and the 1957–1962 Imperial, each model year of which he owned as his personal vehicles. In 1950 he purchased a new Ford and proceeded to acquire the assistance of Andy Granatelli in "hopping it up" by switching to high-performance heads and manifolding. He then tested the car extensively and noticed a 90-mile-an-hour cruising speed. The car became known as the "M.I. Ford" as it was frequently featured in the magazine. He purchased a new 1952 Cadillac Series 62 sedan which he eventually raced in NASCAR speed week events. He also purchased new and reported on the '54 Jeep CJ3A, stating that while his Lincoln was the finest road car available at the time, in the end, the Jeep was the best idea that mankind had ever made. He claimed a Jeep would outrun a contemporary M.G. McCahill purchased the first Ford Thunderbird built in 1954 and proceeded to race the car at Daytona Beach.
"Sounding Off".
In a 1958 "Mechanix Illustrated" article McCahill accused the U.S. auto industry of causing the Recession of 1958 and poor auto sales during that year by standardizing styling and eliminating factory- or factory-sanctioned racing. He focused on AMC's George Romney, who claimed that the Rambler handled better than U.S. full-size makes. McCahill performed tests to prove him wrong. He was at odds with Walter Reuther of the U.A.W. over the issue of poor quality in U.S. cars and the fact that European imports – at the time SAAB and Volvo in particular – were of high quality, outstanding performers and no more costly than a good used car for those who could not afford a new domestic car. McCahill railed against unfair trade with Canada and Europe. He demanded that the U.S. stop accepting imports and, in lieu of war reparations, force England, Canada and France (where one could purchase an English or German car, but no U.S. makes) to accept the forced sale of hundreds of thousands of used U.S. cars, a plan which he claimed would increase the sale of new vehicles by more than six million annually over the following five years, thus significantly accelerating the U.S. economy. McCahill had become "Mechanix Illustrated"‘s public face, and the industry quickly realized that his review could make or break a product instantly. When he tested the 1948 Oldsmobile Futuramic 98 powered by a flat-head eight-cylinder engine of prewar design, he claimed that depressing the accelerator was like "Stepping on a wet sponge". General Motors was incensed over his review of the '48 Olds and scores of angry letters from the corporation, as well as from Olds dealers and owners, came into MI's 'office demanding his firing. However, it was widely known that McCahill's report motivated GM into development of Oldsmobile's new overhead-valve, high-compression "Rocket V8" engine, which made its début the following year in the 1949 "98." The format of the engine was filtered down to the smaller and lighter body/chassis used for Oldsmobile's lowest-price "76" series (powered by six-cylinder engines) and to create the Olds "Rocket 88." The Rocket V8 performed even better than in the bigger and heavier 98, thereby creating a whole new image for Olds and set the stage for similar designed V8 engines throughout Detroit over the next few years.
Personal details.
McCahill was married a number of times but died without issue. In a 1956 interview with "Playboy" magazine McCahill stated that he had "more cash than hair". The statement was in response to a question as to how he had been photographed in two separate issues of "Mechanix Illustrated" with two different wives. McCahill had homes in Florida and New York, where he would receive cars to test. He traveled all over the United States and Europe to facilitate testing. His stepson with his fourth wife, Brooks Brender, served as McCahill's assistant in his later years. McCahill was a personal friend of band leader Paul Whiteman, with whom he shared his love of hunting and fishing. Every year, McCahill would make a ten-day boating trip from his home in New York to his home in Florida aboard his thirty-foot Egg Harbor Cruiser the "Rooster" (McCahill was forced to sell the Rooster in 1967 to pay off back taxes to the IRS). McCahill was an avid fisherman, hunter and deep-sea diver.
At age 68, McCahill died at the Daytona Community Hospital on May 10, 1975. "Mechanix Illustrated" never publicly acknowledged his death, because his name was synonymous with it. He "amounted to the franchise" and management never wanted to admit he was gone. For a while, they ran a column called "McCahill Reports", which was ghostwritten by Brender. At the time of his death, he was believed to be the only living descendant of the Scottish highwayman Rob Roy. According to Canadian automotive historian Bill Vance, McCahill had lost a leg that became gangrenous after a thorn penetrated it during a duck hunt, forcing its amputation.

</doc>
<doc id="7037874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037874" title="Powiat of Lubliniec">
Powiat of Lubliniec



</doc>
<doc id="7037880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037880" title="Mikkeline Kierkgård">
Mikkeline Kierkgård



</doc>
<doc id="7037889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037889" title="Saint Peter Port South">
Saint Peter Port South

St. Peter Port South was an electoral district in Guernsey in the Channel Islands. It was created following the Machinery of Government changes which came into effect in 2004.
It consisted of the southern part of the parish of St. Peter Port, Herm, and Jethou. It is divided from St. Peter Port North by the following roads: Rohais, Les Gravées, The Grange and St. Julian's Avenue.
Polling stations
The district had six Deputies until 2016 when it was reduced to five, which represent the electorate in the States of Guernsey.

</doc>
<doc id="7037897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037897" title="Hail, Hail">
Hail, Hail

"Hail, Hail" is a song by the American rock band Pearl Jam. Featuring lyrics written by vocalist Eddie Vedder and music co-written by guitarist Stone Gossard, bassist Jeff Ament, and guitarist Mike McCready. "Hail, Hail" was released in October 1996 as the second single from the band's fourth studio album, "No Code" (1996). The song managed to reach the number nine spot on both the Mainstream Rock and Modern Rock "Billboard" charts. The song was included on Pearl Jam's 2004 greatest hits album, "rearviewmirror (Greatest Hits 1991–2003)".
Origin and recording.
"Hail, Hail" features lyrics written by vocalist Eddie Vedder and music co-written by guitarist Stone Gossard, bassist Jeff Ament, and guitarist Mike McCready. Gossard stated, "People say that "No Code" wasn't like a rock record. The big comment you'd hear over and over again was 'experimental record.' But then you hear 'Habit' and 'Hail, Hail' and 'Lukin', and those songs are totally rock."
Lyrics.
The lyrics of "Hail, Hail" refer to two people in a troubled relationship struggling to hold it together.
Release and reception.
The commercially released single for "Hail, Hail" was exclusive to Australia, Canada, Japan, and Europe. The song was released as a single in 1996 with a previously unreleased B-side titled "Black, Red, Yellow", of which an alternate version can also be found on the compilation album, "Lost Dogs" (2003). "Black, Red, Yellow" is an homage to basketball player Dennis Rodman, who has a cameo in the track.
The song peaked at number nine on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Tracks and "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks charts. It appeared on "Billboard" magazine's Hot 100 Airplay chart, reaching the top 70. In Canada, "Hail, Hail" charted on the Alternative Top 30 chart where it peaked at number two. "Hail, Hail" also reached number 24 on the Canadian Year End Alternative Top 50. "Hail, Hail" would peak at number 31 on the Australian Singles Chart.
David Fricke of "Rolling Stone" said, "Vedder queries with rubbed-raw enunciation in "Hail, Hail", measuring the strength and resilience of good, honest affection against the staccato punch of Gossard's and Mike McCready's guitars and Irons' urgent, emphatic drumming." Ryan Schreiber of Pitchfork Media called "Hail, Hail" the "thrashing, typical Pearl Jam song."
Live performances.
"Hail, Hail" was first performed live at the band's September 14, 1996 concert in Seattle, Washington at The Showbox. The band played this song when it appeared on the "Late Show with David Letterman" in September 1996 in support of "No Code". Live performances of "Hail, Hail" can be found on the live album "Live on Two Legs", various official bootlegs, and the "Live at the Gorge 05/06" box set.

</doc>
<doc id="7037907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037907" title="Filet of Soul">
Filet of Soul

Filet of Soul is an American folk-rock band from Athens and Atlanta, GA.
Band.
The band was formed in 1996 by brothers Adam Beadles and Greg Beadles. Adam is the band's lead vocalist, with Greg the principal songwriter. Shortly after formation, the band was joined by drummer Cornelius Freeman and bassist Seth Cain and they released their first EP, The King Street Demos. Just over a year later, in early 1998, the current lineup was completed when Randy Chester was added.
In November 1998, the band released its debut album, "Incommunicado".
"Incommunicado".
"Incommunicado" was released on November 3, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="7037910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037910" title="WGJC">
WGJC

WGJC (97.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting from University Park, Pennsylvania. It operates as part of the network of Christian adult contemporary stations based out of WGRC in Lewisburg. The station's license is held by Jim Loftus of Covenant Communications, through licensee JFLIV, LLC, which also owns WFXS, WLGJ, and WNLI.
History.
On June 28, 2019, the then-WOWY began simulcasting on WHUN 1150 AM and WHUN-FM 103.5 Huntingdon and W249DD 97.7 FM Huntingdon and rebranded as "97.1 97.7 103.5 WOWY".
On August 24, 2021, WOWY, WHUN, and WHUN-FM completed their evolution from 1960s-1970s oldies to 1970s-1980s classic hits.
On December 30, 2022, it was announced the station would be simulcasted on WAPY within days.
On January 1, 2023, Covenant Communications consummated the purchase of WOWY and four sister stations from Seven Mountains Media for $1 million. On January 3, 2023, WOWY dropped its classic hits format (which moved to WAPY) and began stunting towards a new format. The station changed its call sign to WGJC on January 10, 2023.
On February 27, 2023, WGJC ended stunting and switched to a simulcast of contemporary Christian-formatted WGRC. WGRC's owner, Salt and Light Media Ministries, filed to acquire the station outright for $300,000 in May 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="7037916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037916" title="4M">
4M

4M or 4-M may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7037925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037925" title="Unbuffered IO">
Unbuffered IO



</doc>
<doc id="7037941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037941" title="Wendy Morgan (politician)">
Wendy Morgan (politician)

Wendy Morgan is a former Deputy in the States of Guernsey, the parliament of the Bailiwick of Guernsey in the Channel Islands.
Wendy Morgan was elected in 2004 and represented the electoral district of St. Peter Port North, but failed to gain a seat in the 2008 elections. Deputy Wendy Morgan was the Deputy Minister of Education and caused controversy by proposing that the current student grant system should include a student loan in funding undergraduate courses.
Her husband, Laurie Morgan, was the Chief Minister of Guernsey from 2004 until 2007 when he was forced to resign on account of the Fallagate scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="7037943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037943" title="Bottoms Bridge, Virginia">
Bottoms Bridge, Virginia

Bottoms Bridge is a small unincorporated community in New Kent County, Virginia, United States. Located on U.S. Route 60 and State Route 33 in modern times, it was named for a crossing of the Chickahominy River between New Kent and Henrico County.

</doc>
<doc id="7037947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037947" title="Powiat of Bielsk">
Powiat of Bielsk



</doc>
<doc id="7037948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037948" title="New kingdom">
New kingdom



</doc>
<doc id="7037950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037950" title="WTLR">
WTLR

WTLR is a Christian formatted broadcast radio station licensed to State College, Pennsylvania, serving Central Pennsylvania.
WTLR simulcasts its programming on co-owned WQJU 107.1, which broadcasts to the Mifflintown area as well as on WPCL 97.3 to the Northern Cambria/Ebensburgarea, WPMU 89.3 in DuBois, and on W230CC 93.9 Altoona.
WTLR, WQJU, WPCL, WPMU and W230CC are owned and operated by the Central Pennsylvania Christian Institute.
WTLR first signed on the air on January 1, 1978.
WTLR, WQJU, WPCL, WPMU, and W230CC are known on air as "Way Truth Life Radio". This is based on Jesus Christ's declaration in John 14:6, "I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through Me."
Programming.
Way Truth Life Radio is a full service Christian Inspirational radio ministry featuring quality Bible teaching, quality Christian music, helpful programs on family life, news and information.
Some of the programs heard on Way Truth Life Radio include:
"Insight for Living" with Chuck Swindoll
"Summit Life" with J.D. Greear
"Living on the Edge" with Chip Ingram
"The Alternative" with Dr. Tony Evans
"Family Life Today"
"Focus on the Family"
"Revive Our Hearts" with Nancy DeMoss Wolgemuth
"MoneyWise" with Rob West
"Truth for Life" with Alistair Begg
"A New Beginning" with Greg Laurie
"Grace to You" with John MacArthur
"Turning Point" with Dr. David Jeremiah
"In the Market With Janet Parshall" featuring Janet Parshall
"Haven Today" with Charles Morris
The ministry website is WTLR official website.
WTLR in the News.
On Friday, July 25, 2008, Ferguson Township police were dispatched to the Cato Avenue studios of WTLR as a man with a gun was on the way to the station.
When 50-year-old Brian Neiman of Pottersdale arrived at the radio station, police ordered him to stop. Neiman refused and reportedly became violent. Police say Neiman brandished a gun and drove at them in his Ford Bronco. Witnesses say "dozens of shots" were fired as Neiman exchanged gunfire with police.
After Neiman hit a second police cruiser, his SUV struck the side of a neighboring building and stopped. Centre County Coroner Scott Sayers pronounced Neiman dead on the scene.
Police aren't sure why Neiman targeted the radio station.
Neiman's ex-wife told The Centre Daily Times that "he struggled with bipolar disorder".
After the shooting, WTLR issued a statement and a recount of events on their website.

</doc>
<doc id="7037958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037958" title="Mikkeline Kierkgaard">
Mikkeline Kierkgaard

Mikkeline Kierkgaard (born 25 May 1984) is a Danish former competitive figure skater. Competing for Denmark in ladies' singles, she qualified to the free skate at five ISU Championships and finished in the top ten at the 2000 European Championships. She later competed in pairs with Norman Jeschke for Germany.
Personal life.
Kierkgaard was born in Hundested, Denmark. Her younger sister, Anemone Kierkgaard, was also a competitive skater.
Career.
Kierkgaard began skating at age three. She initially competed as a single skater in Denmark. She was a two-time Danish junior national champion and was the 2000 Danish national champion. Her 7th-place finish at the 2000 European Figure Skating Championships set a record as being the highest placement for a Danish lady at any ISU Figure Skating Championships, and was the first top-ten finish for a Danish lady since Ester Bornstein placed 8th at the 1934 European Championships.
Because of injury, Kierkgaard switched from single skating to pair skating. She teamed up with Norman Jeschke in 2002 to compete for Germany. They were the 2004 German bronze medalists but were unable to compete internationally that season due to International Skating Union rules regarding country changes. Their partnership eventually ended due to Kierkgaard's injuries.
In 2001, Kierkgaard was the skating double for Claire Danes in It's All About Love.

</doc>
<doc id="7037964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037964" title="Mulberry tree">
Mulberry tree



</doc>
<doc id="7037966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037966" title="Rokhlin invariant">
Rokhlin invariant



</doc>
<doc id="7037975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037975" title="Valentim Loureiro">
Valentim Loureiro

Valentim dos Santos de Loureiro (born 24 December 1938 in Calde, Viseu) is a Portuguese politician and former football chairman of Boavista and Portuguese League for Professional Football. He has the rank of Major of the Portuguese Army. He was involved in the Apito Dourado sports scandal, for which he was sentenced by the Courts of Portugal.
He was mayor of Gondomar municipality in northern Portugal. He was elected as an independent, as well as for the PSD party. He was president of the Metropolitan Area of Porto. His successor as President of the Portuguese League for Professional Football and chairman of Boavista was his son João Loureiro who held the office from 1997 to 2007. He was also a consul of Guinea-Bissau in Porto, leader of the PSD party in the Porto district, and chairman in Porto Metro state-owned mass transit company. He is famous in Portugal for the multitude of offices he held at a time.
Valentim Loureiro briefly attended the Law School of the University of Coimbra before moving on to a military career. 
"Apito Dourado" scandal.
Valentim Loureiro was investigated by the police and formally accused in the Apito Dourado scandal. In July 2008, he was found guilty of abuse of power, but not guilty of corruption and sentenced to three years and two months of suspended jail time. He was rehabilitated afterwards by the Superior Court of Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="7037984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037984" title="WKPA (FM)">
WKPA (FM)

WKPA (107.9 FM) is a non-commercial radio station broadcasting Contemporary Christian music programming from the K-Love radio network. Licensed to serve Port Matilda, Pennsylvania, the station services the State College area. The station is owned by the Educational Media Foundation (EMF).
History.
On October 17, 1994, WXXZ Port Matilda came on air quickly changing call sign to WIKN. Wink 108 programmed a rock-leaning CHR format. Due to a dispute between the license holder and the management group running the station, it went dark April 1, 1995.
The station was sold to Tele-Media and became a sister station to 97.1 WQWK and 1390 WRSC. The station then came back on the air in the summer of 1995, again as Wink 108, but with a Hot AC format. In 1999, 107.9's tower was later moved north, power increased to 6,000 watts, and call sign changed to WNCL, at which time the station became "Cool 107nine, All Oldies, All the Time" and later "Good Time Oldies, Cool 107nine" playing an oldies format focusing mostly on top 40 music of the 1960s. DJs on this station included Dave Shannon in the morning, "Little" Liane Margaret, Tom Howard, "Jesuit" Jay Stevens, and "Sultry" Sammi Craig, the nicknames having been bestowed by Shannon.
The call sign was later changed to WJHT (Hot 107.9) with a rhythmic CHR format that included several popular DJs like Mayor Mike Jax, The Rob and DJ Grooves. Mayor Mike Jax now does afternoons for WAMO 100 in Pittsburgh, PA. DJ Grooves was most recently the music director at Wired 96.5 in Philadelphia and 98.7 Amp Radio in Detroit. He also produces a popular mixshow that is syndicated on many stations throughout the United States. The Rob is now the morning talent at 106.1 Kiss FM in Evansville, IN. All three still stay in touch and return to State College on occasion.
The frequency was sold in 2004 and became the Christian contemporary radio format of today.
The call sign was changed from WKVB to WKPA on March 6, 2020; this was concurrent with EMF transferring the WKVB call sign to their newly-acquired station in Worcester-Boston, Massachusetts.
See also.
Other K-LOVE stations in Pennsylvania include:

</doc>
<doc id="7037997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7037997" title="Trust It">
Trust It

Trust It is the fifth studio album by the Italian house music producer Vito Lucente under the stage name Junior Jack, released on 9 February 2004 by PIAS Recordings, Noise Traxx and Nettwerk America. It is his first album to use the Junior Jack name.
Samples.
"Stupidisco", contains a sample in the 1985 song by the Pointer Sisters, "Dare Me".
"Luv 2 U", contains a chorus sample in the 1974 song cover by Roberta Flack, "Feel Like Makin' Love". The original version of "Feel Like Makin' Love" is written by Eugene McDaniels.
"Da Hype", contains a sample in the 1982 song by Bobby Orlando, "I'm So Hot for You".
"E-Samba" contains a sample in a 1967 song by Jadir DeCastro, "Negra Sin Sandalia" (Negra Sem Sandalia).
"The Roots" contains a sample from a 1975 song by Donald Byrd, "Change" (Makes You Want to Hustle).
"Alone" contains a sample in the 1999 song by Ginuwine, "Same Ol' G"
"It Must Be Darkness" contains a sample from a 1981 song by Blue Feather, "It's Love".

</doc>
<doc id="7038000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038000" title="Write (disambiguation)">
Write (disambiguation)

Writing is a medium of human communication that represents language and emotion through the inscription or recording of signs and symbols.
Writing may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7038008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038008" title="Letychiv">
Letychiv

Letychiv (; ; ) is a rural settlement in Khmelnytskyi Raion, Khmelnytskyi Oblast, western Ukraine. It is located from Khmelnytskyi and from the railway station in Derazhnia. It hosts the administration of Letychiv settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. Its population according to the 2001 census was 11,081 inhabitants. Current population: 
There are brickworks, dairy, plant of construction material in the town. The town is located between Khmelnitskyi and Vinnytsia, at the confluence of the Vovk and the Southern Bug rivers.
Name.
In addition to the Ukrainian ("Letychiv"), in other languages the name of the city is , , and .
History.
Founded in 1362. First historical mention is in connection with the Tatar invasions of 1411. It is mentioned first as a palisade fortress, then as a settlement under Magdeburg law in 1429. Even with natural moats on all sides, Letychiv did not have the topographic relief that blesses other Podolia Province strongholds (such as Medzhibozh or Kamenets Podilsky). Thus, Letychiv was more easily attacked and harder to defend. Because of this, until Russian times Letychiv played a subordinate role to nearby Medzhibozh.
Dominican friars brought an icon of Mary, mother of Jesus to Letychiv in the late 15th century. Letychiv suffered the Tatar invasions of Poland in 1453, 1516, 1558, and 1567. 
In 1546, the first Assumption church was built. In 1569, king Stefan Batory presented Letychiv with its first coat of arms. It shows a wolf, representing the river Volk.
In 1598 Jan Potocki replaced the town's weaker wooden fortifications with extensive stone fortifications, known as the Letychiv Fortress. Very little of these survive today, with the exception of one tower and the adjacent walls around the Assumption Church (rebuilt by Potocki in 1605).
Letychiv suffered deprivations from Bohdan Khmelnytsky's cossack uprising in 1648. During this time, Letychiv's icon was removed from the Assumption Church for safekeeping in Lviv. Weakened by the cossack uprising, Podolia was invaded and occupied by Turkey in 1672. Letychiv became part of the Turkish Ejalet of Kamieniecki. In 1682, Letychiv was recaptured by the Poles under king John III Sobieski. However, Poland did not regain full control until 1699 because the town was frequently ravaged by ongoing struggles between the Poles and Turks. The icon was returned to Letychiv in 1723. In 1778, Pope Clement XIV ordered that a special crown from Rome be installed on the icon. Letychiv continued to be attacked by cossacks and Haidamaks in 1702, 1734, 1737, 1749, 1750, 1755, 1768, and 1777.
In the 18th century, Letychiv had grown to be the second largest town in Podolia, Medzhibozh being the largest. The first Jews in Letychiv are reported in stories within "Shivhei haBesht" (stories about the Baal Shem Tov) that probably date from about 1750. By the 1780s there were approximately 800 Jews living in the town. Letychiv passed into Russian hands during the second partition of Poland in 1793. At that time, the Russian administrative center of this region moved from Medzhibozh to Letychiv. The population soon exploded and reached its peak in the late 19th century. Approximately 4,100 Jews lived here in 1897, about 60% of the population. In 1882 Letichiv was the scene of a notorious pogrom against Jews that resulted in a sensational trial of the pogromists.
After the 1917 Bolshevik Revolution, the territory was occupied by German and Hungarian troops until the end of World War I. Letychev was the scene of numerous pogroms during the Ukrainian Civil War of 1919-1922. The town changed hands many times as different militia units from either the Bolsheviks, Ukrainian Nationalists, Poles, or Whites gained temporary control. What little wealth was left was stripped in these pogroms turning the entire area into ruins.
Under Soviet rule starting 1922, the region's economy improved. Electricity, schools, roads and other infrastructure were built. Several kolkhozes (collective farms) were established nearby. In the early 1930s, pressure from the government to collectivize resulted in severe food shortages that resulted in famines throughout Ukraine.
In World War II, Letichiv fell to German forces during Operation Barbarossa on July 17, 1941 after heavy fighting. In that action, retreating Soviet troops blew up the dam over the river Volk over which carried the main east-west road. This temporarily stopped the German advance for nine days until the position could be outflanked from the south. It remained in German hands until it was liberated by Soviet troops on March 23, 1944.
Letychiv was astride an important east-west supply road that the German government wanted to expand into a highway. This road linked the city of Proskuriv and routes westward into Germany and the city of Vinnytsia with routes to the eastern front. Vinnytsia was the site of Hitler's headquarters bunker in Soviet territory where he personally directed the war between 1942 and 1943.
A Jewish ghetto and a separate slave labor camp within Letychiv Castle was established in Letychiv to assist Organisation Todt in providing human labor for the road building project. Because of this special road project, Letychiv retained its Jews longer than most of the surrounding communities, where Einsatzgruppen units executed entire populations of Jews shortly after German occupation. However, when the road project was completed in the summer of 1942, the Einsatzgruppen units were called in. Three separate mass shootings of Jews occurred in September 1942 where 3,000 Jews were killed (half the ghetto), in November 1942 where 4,000 Jews were killed (the remainder of the ghetto), and in November 1943 where the remaining 200 Jews in the slave labor camp were shot. That eliminated all Jews from the town. Soviet authorities reported that a total of 7,200 Jews were murdered in a ravine in Zaletichevka, just south of town.
Until 18 July 2020, Letychiv was the administrative center of Letychiv Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Khmelnytskyi Oblast to three. The area of Letychiv Raion was merged into Khmelnytskyi Raion.
Until 26 January 2024, Letychiv was designated urban-type settlement. On this day, a new law entered into force which abolished this status, and Letychiv became a rural settlement.
Population.
Language.
Distribution of the population by native language according to the 2001 census:

</doc>
<doc id="7038012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038012" title="WRXV">
WRXV

WRXV in State College, Pennsylvania is a Christian contemporary music formatted radio station owned by Invisible Allies Ministries. It serves the State College and Altoona markets. It is branded as "Central PA's own Rev FM". WRXV is the flagship station of the Pennsylvania Christian contemporary network RevFM.

</doc>
<doc id="7038029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038029" title="Eltham, Virginia">
Eltham, Virginia

Eltham is a small unincorporated community in New Kent County, Virginia, United States. Located along state routes 30, 33, and 249 in modern times, it is slightly west of the town of West Point. It was named for the Eltham slave plantation, across from West Point on the nearby Pamunkey River.
Eltham Plantation.
Captain William Bassett (1630 to August 28, 1671) was from the Isle of Wight in England, and was given a contract to build a fort at Jamestown, Virginia. He married Bridget Cary, daughter of Colonel Miles Cary, of Southampton, England. He received the patent for Eltham Plantation and lands in 1647. As a minor, his son, later Colonel William Bassett, had a brick mansion built in New Kent County, Virginia, that was named "Eltham", after the Bassett family home in England. Colonel William Bassett (1671 - 1725) married Joanna Burwell, daughter of Lewis Burwell (1652 – c. 1710). Their son, also named William Bassett, married Elizabeth Churchill. Their son, Burwell Bassett (March 3, 1734 - January 4, 1793), married Anna Maria "Fanny" Bassett (1739–1777), sister to Martha Washington, and inherited Eltham slave plantation upon the death of his father. Burwell Bassett, Jr. (1788-1841), then inherited Eltham slave plantation upon the death of his father. He was a member of congress for thirty years, and died in 1841. At this time, the slave plantation passed to his brother, John Bassett (1768-1826). His son was George Washington Bassett, and his wife, Bettie Carter Brown, then inherited the plantation. Their son, George Washington Bassett, Jr., inherited the slave plantation. After the Civil War, the plantation home burned.
Eltham Plantation was owned by William Burwell Bassett and his wife, Anna Maria Dandridge, the sister of Martha Washington. Martha's husband, General George Washington galloped from Yorktown to Eltham on November 5, 1781, to the bedside of his stepson, John Parke Custis, who had contracted camp fever during the Yorktown Campaign and subsequently died at the Pamunkey River plantation.
Eltham Manor in Bassett, Virginia, is named for this plantation.
Eltham's Landing.
Eltham Landing played a prominent role for Union forces as a port during the 1862 Peninsula Campaign of the Civil War. The manor house was destroyed by fire in 1876. The "New Kent - Charles City Chronicle" is published here.

</doc>
<doc id="7038031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038031" title="6Q">
6Q

6Q or 6-Q may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7038038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038038" title="Eltham Landing, Virginia">
Eltham Landing, Virginia



</doc>
<doc id="7038040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038040" title="William Kelly (biblical scholar)">
William Kelly (biblical scholar)

William Kelly (May 1821 – 27 March 1906) was a prominent Irish member of the Plymouth Brethren, amongst whom he was a prolific writer.
Biography.
Kelly was born in Millisle, County Down, Ireland. He was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. Left fatherless at a young age, he supported himself by teaching the family of a Mr. Cachemaille, Rector of Sark. He secured a post as governor to the Seigneur of Sark in 1841. He married in Guernsey and in the 1870s moved to Blackheath, London.
In 1840 Kelly made the Christian confession and, shortly afterwards, embraced the views of, and became a member of, the Plymouth Brethren. He retained a close connection with the Channel Islands for thirty years, residing chiefly in Guernsey.
Besides aiding Samuel Prideaux Tregelles in his investigations as a Biblical textual critic, Kelly also published, in 1860, a critical edition of the Book of Revelation, which was praised by Heinrich Ewald of Göttingen. Such studies were carried on concurrently with the editing of a periodical entitled "The Prospect". He took up the editorship of "The Bible Treasury" in 1857, and continued till his death. As editor of the latter he was brought into correspondence with Henry Alford, Robert Scott the lexicographer, Principal Edwards and William Sanday of Oxford, among others.
Kelly died on 27 March 1906. Shortly before his death, Kelly said "There are three things real — the Cross, the enmity of the world, the love of God."
Ministry.
Kelly's chief interest was in ministering spiritually to those whom he described as the "few despised ones of Christ's flock." He provided this service until two months before his death. He identified himself whole-heartedly with the body of doctrine developed by John Nelson Darby, whose right-hand man he was for many years, until he severed his connection and formed a faction which bore his name.
The "Collected Writings" of John Nelson Darby were edited by Kelly. Kelly also edited the writings of John Gifford Bellett. Kelly's own writings contain lectures or notes on all the books of the Bible. The title-pages of Kelly's works generally bore the initials "W. K.". Several of his best-known expositions appeared during the last fifteen years of his life. Within Darby's lifetime, Kelly was known to outsiders for his lectures on the Pentateuch, the Gospel of Matthew, the Revelation of John, the Church of God, and the New Testament doctrine of the Holy Spirit, besides notes on Romans. After 1890 he issued "In the Beginning", commended by Archbishop Benson and expositions of the prophecies of Isaiah, of the Gospel of John, of the epistle to the Hebrews, of the epistles of John; a volume of 600 pages on "God's Inspiration of the Scriptures" and his last words on "Christ's Coming Again," in which he vindicates the originality of Darby's teaching in regard to the Secret Rapture.

</doc>
<doc id="7038046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038046" title="John Peter Richardson III">
John Peter Richardson III

John Peter Richardson III (September 25, 1831 – July 6, 1899) was the 83rd governor of South Carolina from 1886 to 1890.
Family and early life.
Richardson was born in Clarendon County, South Carolina, to John Peter Richardson II, a former Governor of South Carolina, and Juliana Augusta Manning. After graduating from South Carolina College in 1849, Richardson managed Elmswood Plantation in Clarendon County. He was also elected to the South Carolina House of Representatives during antebellum South Carolina.
Service in the American Civil War.
With the outbreak of the American Civil War, Richardson enlisted in the Confederate Army in 1862 and was on the staff of Brigadier General James Cantey until the end of the war. After which, he was elected in 1865 to the South Carolina House of Representatives and later that year to the South Carolina Senate. Richardson was not active in politics during the Reconstruction era, however in 1880 he returned as state Treasurer.
Term as governor.
In 1886, Richardson was endorsed by Clarendon County Democrats for the candidacy of governor. The recently formed Farmers' Association has significant influence in Richardson's nomination for candidacy. Richardson won the nomination for governorship, and subsequently went on to win the general election. He was inaugurated as governor on November 30, 1886.
During his second term as governor, Richardson established Clemson College, now known as Clemson University. Richardson initially opposed the creation of Clemson, because he thought that it would siphon funds away from the already existing University of South Carolina. However, he eventually relented in November 1889, when the college was established.
Death.
On July 6, 1899, Richardson died in Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="7038053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038053" title="Cholesky">
Cholesky

Cholesky may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7038057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038057" title="Elizabeth Shoaf">
Elizabeth Shoaf



</doc>
<doc id="7038060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038060" title="Ryūichi Sakai">
Ryūichi Sakai



</doc>
<doc id="7038064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038064" title="Sakai Ryūichi">
Sakai Ryūichi



</doc>
<doc id="7038069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038069" title="Ryuuichi Sakai">
Ryuuichi Sakai



</doc>
<doc id="7038076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038076" title="Ryuichi Sakai">
Ryuichi Sakai



</doc>
<doc id="7038080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038080" title="Quinton, Virginia">
Quinton, Virginia

Quinton is a small unincorporated community in New Kent County, Virginia, United States. It is located on State Route 249 in the western portion of the county.
Crump's Mill and Millpond and New Kent High School and George W. Watkins High School are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7038083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038083" title="Greek destroyer Nafkratousa">
Greek destroyer Nafkratousa

Nafkratousa () was a "Thyella"-class destroyer built for the Royal Hellenic Navy during the first decade of the 20th century.
The ship, along with her three sister ships, was ordered from Britain in 1905 and was built in the Yarrow shipyard at Cubitt Town, London.
During World War I, Greece belatedly entered the war on the side of the Triple Entente and, due to Greece's neutrality the four "Thyella" class ships were seized by the Allies in October 1916, taken over by the French in November and served in the French Navy 1917–18. By 1918, they were back on escort duty under Greek colors, mainly in the Aegean Sea. "Nafkratousa" saw action in the Greco-Turkish War (1919-1922). "Nafkratousa" ran aground on the island of Milos during March 1921 and was wrecked.

</doc>
<doc id="7038084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038084" title="John Peter Richardson">
John Peter Richardson



</doc>
<doc id="7038088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038088" title="Sakai Ryuuichi">
Sakai Ryuuichi



</doc>
<doc id="7038091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038091" title="Sakai Ryuichi">
Sakai Ryuichi



</doc>
<doc id="7038096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038096" title="Capuchin Poor Clares">
Capuchin Poor Clares

The Capuchin Poor Clares () is a Catholic religious order of Pontifical Right for women founded in Naples, Italy, in 1538, by Blessed Maria Lorenza Longo. The order still exists and it now has communities in the United States. Members are referred to as Capuchinesses.
History.
Maria Laurenza Longo had built a hospital and house that cared for prostitutes. The first community of nuns was formed in 1538, organised by priests from the Theatine order. (The Theatines had been formed fourteen years earlier.) This new body was soon organised not by the Theatines but by the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin, usually known as "Capuchins". The Capuchin Poor Clares follow the original ideals of St. Francis of Assisi and St. Clare of Assisi. The Capuchin Poor Clares are a cloistered community of contemplative religious sisters. Longo wanted to re-establish the original concepts of religious simplicity, selfless poverty and the austerity of St. Francis of Assisi and St. Clare of Assisi set by Matteo da Bascio when he founded the order of the Capuchin friars. Longo's new order took the same habit design as the men. Like the friars, the nuns wear a simple brown tunic knotted with a cord at the waist and a short cape. The only addition for nuns was a wimple and a black veil.
A notable member of the order was Saint Veronica Giuliani who joined the order in Città di Castello in Italy in 1677. She rose to be a mystic and abbess, and in 1839 she was canonised by Pope Gregory XVI.
In America.
In the United States, the Capuchin Poor Clares have monasteries in Wilmington, Delaware, Amarillo, Texas, Alamo, Texas, Denver, Colorado, and Pueblo, Colorado.
At Our Lady of Light Monastery in Denver there are nine professed sisters. The monastery in Denver was founded by Capuchin Poor Clare sisters from Irapuato in central Mexico in 1988. In addition to sewing habits, the sisters provide for the needs of their community by making and selling cookies.
Saints, Blesseds, and other holy people.
Saints
Blesseds
Venerables
Servants of God

</doc>
<doc id="7038098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038098" title="Marc Jule Pinsonnat">
Marc Jule Pinsonnat



</doc>
<doc id="7038105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038105" title="Enchanted (Stevie Nicks album)">
Enchanted (Stevie Nicks album)

Enchanted (or The Enchanted Works of Stevie Nicks) is a three-disc box set of material by American singer-songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist Stevie Nicks, which encompasses her solo career from "Bella Donna" (1981) to "Street Angel" (1994) and beyond.
The box set contains rare B-sides, unreleased live recordings, demos, songs from soundtracks, a track from the album "Buckingham Nicks" (1973), outtakes from the "Bella Donna" and "Rock a Little" sessions, and a new piano recording of the Nicks-penned Fleetwood Mac song "Rhiannon". Some previously released tracks are also in noticeably longer versions, or alternative remixes.
The set was released on April 28, 1998, and peaked at No. 85 on the "Billboard" 200 Albums chart. "Enchanted" was certified Gold by the RIAA on April 7, 1999, for shipments of over 166,000 copies. Two singles were released, "Reconsider Me" (a deleted track from the album "Rock a Little" (1985)) and "Enchanted" which made its first appearance on the album "The Wild Heart" (1983).
It was mastered using HDCD technology and, although it is unmarked, playing the album in a CD player able to decode HDCD will give superior sound quality.

</doc>
<doc id="7038125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038125" title="Bilal Hussein (photojournalist)">
Bilal Hussein (photojournalist)

Bilal Hussein () is an Iraqi Associated Press photojournalist based in Fallujah, Iraq. He was arrested in Ramadi by U.S. forces in April 2006 and detained on suspicion of aiding insurgents in Iraq. He was taken into custody to face charges in the Iraqi Central Court, reportedly over the circumstances of his photos, which were supplied by the U.S. military. American and Iraqi governments were criticized for violating the Geneva Conventions, and for detaining Hussein without evidence. He was finally released without charge in 2008. That year, Hussein won an International Press Freedom Award.
One of his photographs was among a group of 20 Associated Press photographs that won the 2005 Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Photography. His was an image of four insurgents in Fallujah firing a mortar and small arms during the U.S.-led offensive in the city in November 2004.
On September 17, 2006, the AP reported that Hussein had been imprisoned by the United States military since April 2006 without publicly known charges or hearings; his captors citing "imperative reasons of security" under United Nations resolutions. Hussein was taken into U.S. custody on April 12, 2006 in Ramadi, Iraq, and had since been held without charge. On November 20, 2007, the US military announced that they would soon be bringing criminal charges against Hussein, and would be turning the case over to Iraqi judges. On April 9, 2008 an Iraqi judicial panel ordered Hussein's release, ruling (according to the AP) that he was covered by an Iraqi amnesty law. On April 14, 2008 the US military announced it would release Hussein from custody by April 16 of that year, saying only that "he no longer presents an imperative threat to security".
Background.
Hussein is an Iraqi citizen and shopkeeper who in 2003 was living with his family in Fallujah, where he sold cell phones and computers. During the Iraq War, the Associated Press (AP) hired him as a general helper because of his local knowledge, in what is described as a typical path for locally hired staff in the middle of a conflict. According to Santiago Lyon, AP's director of photography, in 2004, as the situation in Fallujah worsened, Hussein was given training in photography and camera equipment. He was hired by AP in September 2004 as a freelancer, paid on a per-picture basis. During Operation Phantom Fury, Hussein's family left, but he stayed behind. He photographed "not only the results of the attacks on Fallujah, [but] also ... members of the insurgency on occasion," according to Lyon.
Hussein finally left the city and reached Baghdad, sans camera, (which the AP replaced). He went to Ramadi in early 2005.
Imprisonment.
Allegations.
According to the U.S. Military (none of whose allegations has been upheld in any court), Hussein was arrested in April 2006 in Ramadi, when US forces allegedly found bomb parts and insurgent propaganda in his house, after asking to use it as an observation post during an operation. The military also claimed that Hussein was found with two insurgents, including Hamid Hamad Motib, an alleged leader of al-Qaida terrorists in Iraq. According to a May 7, 2006 e-mail from U.S. Army Major General Jack Gardner, 
He has close relationships with persons known to be responsible for kidnappings, smuggling, improvised explosive device (IED) attacks and other attacks on coalition forces." Gardner alleged, "The information available establishes that he has relationships with insurgents and is afforded access to insurgent activities outside the normal scope afforded to journalists conducting legitimate activities. 
The U.S. military released Hussein on April 14, 2008, saying that they no longer considered him an "imperative threat."
According to Badie Arief Izzat, his Iraqi lawyer, Hussein is innocent. The photographer believes he is being targeted by the U.S. military due to the politically sensitive nature of photographs he has taken.
Associated Press response.
In September 17, 2006, Tom Curley, AP president and chief executive, said, "Bilal Hussein has been held in violation of Iraqi law and in disregard to the Geneva Conventions. He must be charged under the Iraqi system or released immediately." The AP contacted military leaders in Iraq and The Pentagon, and later the U.S. ambassador to Iraq, Zalmay Khalilzad, to try to get more information about the allegations and to have the case transferred to the Iraqi criminal justice system. According to Curley, the Associated Press had been working quietly until then, but since the US military showed no sign of changing their stance, they considered it best to make the imprisonment public.
After hearing of the charges, Curley said,
"We have grave concerns that his rights under the law continue to be ignored and even abused...The steps the U.S. military is now taking continue to deny Bilal his right to due process...represents a miscarriage of the very justice and rule of law that the United States is claiming to help Iraq achieve...At this point, we believe the correct recourse is the immediate release of Bilal." AP attorney Dave Tomlin has commented, "This is not due process, not anything like due process."
Kathleen Carroll, AP's executive editor, argued that Hussein's being found with insurgents did not mean that he was one of them. "Journalists have always had relationships with people that others might find unsavory," she said. "We're not in this to choose sides, we're to report what's going on from all sides."
Other AP executives said that their review of Hussein's work did not find anything to indicate inappropriate contact with insurgents, and any evidence against him should be brought to the Iraqi criminal justice system. Of the 420 of Hussein's photographs that the AP reviewed, Lyon said that only 37 photos show insurgents or people who could be insurgents; "The vast majority of the 420 images show the aftermath or the results of the conflict - blown up houses, wounded people, dead people, street scenes."
In urging the release of Hussein, in September 2006, AP officials noted that he was "one of an estimated 14,000 people detained as suspected security threats by the U.S. military worldwide — 13,000 of them in Iraq. Few are charged with a specific crime or given a chance before any court or tribunal to argue for their freedom."
AP executives said that the US military has not provided any concrete evidence to back up the allegations they have raised about him. AP International Editor John Daniszewski said that the AP was told that Hussein was involved with the kidnapping of two Arab journalists in Ramadi. When the AP tracked down the journalists, the men said that Hussein had helped them after they were released by their captors without money or a vehicle. The two journalists also said that they had never been contacted for their account by multinational forces. Scott Horton, a human rights lawyer in New York hired by the AP to work on Hussein's case, said that the military has provided contradictory accounts of whether Hussein was targeted or simply caught up in a broader sweep.
When Hussein was freed in 2008, the AP denied he had any "improper contacts." It said "he was just doing his job."
Other responses.
The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists said in 2005 it had documented seven cases like that of Hussein, of Iraqi journalists detained by US forces without charge since the start of the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Hussein has been criticized by conservatives on the Internet, who raised questions about his images months before he was detained. One blogger, Michelle Malkin, wrote about him on the day of his arrest, citing an anonymous military source in Iraq.
Ending of legal proceedings.
On April 7, 2008 an Iraqi court found that Bilal Hussein's case fell under an existing amnesty regulation. It directed the prosecutor to "cease legal proceedings" and ordered Hussein's "immediate" release unless other charges were pending. A Pentagon spokesman said that the decision on Hussein's release would be made by "officials" in Iraq, "based upon their assessment as to whether he remains a threat." On April 14, 2008 the US military announced that they no longer considered Hussein an "imperative threat." He was released on April 16, 2008 
Award.
In 2008, Hussein won an International Press Freedom Award from the Committee to Protect Journalists. The award is given for journalists who show courage in defending press freedom in the face of attacks, threats or imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="7038126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038126" title="Centres of diversity">
Centres of diversity



</doc>
<doc id="7038129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038129" title="Centre of diversity">
Centre of diversity



</doc>
<doc id="7038138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038138" title="Agutaynen">
Agutaynen



</doc>
<doc id="7038141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038141" title="Gianni and the Ogre">
Gianni and the Ogre

Gianni and the Ogre is a 1971 anthology of 18 fairy tales that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. It is one in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders. This book was first published in the United Kingdom in 1970, by Methuen &amp; Co. Ltd.
According to the dust jacket, all of the tales originated in the Mediterranean and the author's tales create "a lively fantasy world of kings and princesses, witches and dwarfs, fairies and fools."

</doc>
<doc id="7038145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038145" title="Worker's union">
Worker's union



</doc>
<doc id="7038147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038147" title="Joseph Marciano Armstrong">
Joseph Marciano Armstrong



</doc>
<doc id="7038148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038148" title="Centers of diversity">
Centers of diversity



</doc>
<doc id="7038155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038155" title="Breakage (accounting)">
Breakage (accounting)

In telecommunications and accounting, breakage is any type of service which is unused by the customer. A good example would be gift cards or calling cards that have been sold but never redeemed. Revenue from breakage is almost entirely profitable, since companies need not provide any goods or services for unredeemed gift cards. It is distinct from shrinkage, which refers to items which are not used by the customer because they disappeared from inventory.
Another example of breakage can be found in traveler's checks, which were widely used before credit cards and other modern payment methods became more common. Companies like American Express and Thomas Cook Group profited from breakage in two key ways: through "float income", where the issuer invests the funds from unredeemed checks, and from checks themselves going permanently unused. The longer the checks remained unredeemed, the more interest the issuer could earn, leading to substantial financial benefits. This practice raised concerns from consumer advocacy groups, who argued that companies were unfairly profiting from funds that rightfully belonged to consumers.
In the case of modern gift cards, many U.S. states have introduced unclaimed property laws to protect consumers. These laws often require companies to turn over the value of unredeemed gift cards to the state, where consumers can claim the balance as unclaimed property. This process, known as escheatment, ensures that companies cannot indefinitely keep unused balances, and that the funds are returned to the rightful owner.
In telecommunications.
In telecommunications, breakage can occur in several ways. The key elements in maximizing revenue versus service via breakage are:
The following examples are given in terms of voice calling, although they may also apply to data, short message or other services.
Careful research and planning can maximise some forms of breakage. For example, if a high percentage of mobile voice calls on the network are less than one minute in duration, then a rating plan could use an initial quanta of 60 seconds, followed by 1 second quanta. The plan appears to use a low quanta, but in fact many calls will be hit by the initial 60 second quanta.
Similarly, if many users are shown to use 14 GB of data per month on a data plan, then offering data plans of 10 GB or 30 GB will force many users to pay for much more data than they need, which will expire at the end of each month.

</doc>
<doc id="7038160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038160" title="Landraces">
Landraces



</doc>
<doc id="7038166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038166" title="The Sherbs">
The Sherbs



</doc>
<doc id="7038171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038171" title="Absenta">
Absenta



</doc>
<doc id="7038174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038174" title="Elmer's Adventure">
Elmer's Adventure



</doc>
<doc id="7038175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038175" title="Elmer's Adventures">
Elmer's Adventures



</doc>
<doc id="7038176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038176" title="Heirophant">
Heirophant



</doc>
<doc id="7038181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038181" title="Elmer no Bouken">
Elmer no Bouken



</doc>
<doc id="7038187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038187" title="BFBC">
BFBC



</doc>
<doc id="7038188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038188" title="Suk Trio">
Suk Trio

The Suk Trio was a Czech piano trio founded in 1951 and disbanded in 1990. They made their debut on March 5 at the Rudolfinum Hall in Prague with Josef Suk (violin), Jiří Hubička (piano) and Saša Večtomov (cello). The permanent member of the ensemble was Josef Suk, the grandson of the composer and name sake of the ensemble.
The pianist that played the longest with the group was Jan Panenka, and the principal cellist was Josef Chuchro.
In 1958 they recorded "Dumky" by Antonín Dvořák for German label Deutsche Grammophon, the first stereophonic recording in the history of the label.
The trio performed most of the great piano trios, touring abroad and recording extensively. It received many awards, including the Grand Prix du Disque. Among their notable recordings is one of the Mendelssohn Piano Trio No. 1 which has been re-released on CD by Supraphon.
The trio performed in Africa, Europe, Japan, USA, Australia etc.
One of the last concerts took place on 20 May 1990 in Prague, the programme comprised also the composition of Rafael Kubelík (soon after his return from exile). The performance occurred in the line-up Suk-Panenka-Chuchro.

</doc>
<doc id="7038192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038192" title="Elmer no Bōken">
Elmer no Bōken



</doc>
<doc id="7038193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038193" title="Elmer no Boken">
Elmer no Boken



</doc>
<doc id="7038206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038206" title="Culture-shock">
Culture-shock



</doc>
<doc id="7038209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038209" title="Cultureshock">
Cultureshock

Cultureshock is a documentary television series on A&amp;E. Each episode focuses on a moment that shocks American culture. The episodes are directed by different people every week.

</doc>
<doc id="7038211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038211" title="Rory O'Connor (High King)">
Rory O'Connor (High King)



</doc>
<doc id="7038213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038213" title="Crystal Palace Amusement Park">
Crystal Palace Amusement Park

Crystal Palace () was an indoor amusement park inside the Crystal Palace Complex adjacent to the Champlain Place shopping mall in the city of Dieppe, New Brunswick, Canada near Moncton.
On July 31, 2014, Cadillac Fairview announced that Crystal Palace would be permanently closing on September 1, 2014, to make way for New Brunswick's first Bass Pro Shops store.
Information.
The park was opened on February 15, 1990. In 1998 the Park was purchased by Cadillac Fairview. The Crystal Palace was considered to be one of the largest amusements indoors in the Canadian Provinces. This amusement park was also in the same building as Cineplex Cinemas, the Chapters bookstore, the Starbucks Café and the Ramada Plaza Hotel. This amusement park included 14 rides and an arcade. This amusement park was located on 499 Paul Street Dieppe, New Brunswick, Canada. In 2015 the Bullet roller coaster was relocated to the Shining Waters amusement park in Cavendish, Prince Edward Island. Several other rides were relocated to Moncton's Magic Mountain water park.
Attractions.
The Crystal Palace Amusement Park included 14 rides that included:
Token.
Crystal Palace game tokens are 25 mm diameter and brass.

</doc>
<doc id="7038217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038217" title="Out of India">
Out of India



</doc>
<doc id="7038220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038220" title="Proto-Vedic Continuity">
Proto-Vedic Continuity



</doc>
<doc id="7038245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038245" title="Bank of New South Wales v Commonwealth">
Bank of New South Wales v Commonwealth



</doc>
<doc id="7038254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038254" title="Jeff Seeney">
Jeff Seeney

Jeffrey William Seeney (born 2 February 1957) is a former Australian politician and the former Deputy Premier, Minister for State Development and Minister for Infrastructure and Planning of Queensland. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1998 to 2017, representing Callide for the Nationals (1998–2008) and merged Liberal National Party (2008–2017).
Seeney was Leader of the Opposition from September 2006 until January 2008 when he was ousted in favour of his predecessor, Lawrence Springborg. In March 2011, successive leader John-Paul Langbroek stood down in favour of Brisbane Lord Mayor Campbell Newman. Seeney was elected as leader of the LNP’s Parliamentary Party and became the opposition leader in the Parliament while Newman led the LNP’s team of candidatesinto the 2012 Queensland state election. The LNP won a landslide victory at that election, and as per a previous agreement Seeney ceded his post as LNP parliamentary leader to Newman, clearing the way for Newman to become Premier of Queensland.
After the LNP lost power in the 2015 state election, Seeney moved to the backbench. He retired at the 2017 state election.
Political career.
Jeff Seeney served on the Monto shire council from 1992 to 1998, serving as the deputy mayor for the last four years. During this time, he worked on the National Party's State Central Council from 1991 to 1998. He was elected to parliament in the 1998 Queensland election. Seeney was elected deputy leader of the National Party alongside leader Lawrence Springborg in February 2003. He adopted a personal political slogan of being “all about country towns and country people” and was recognised by both sides of Parliament as being a reliable and pragmatic voice for regional Queensland.
He became Opposition leader in 2006 after Springborg did not contest the position following his loss of two subsequent elections. As Opposition Leader he provided bipartisan support to facilitate the development of the coal seam gas industry in Queensland enraging many of his rural based parliamentary colleagues and Federal National Party Members.
Widely thought by parliament as an aggressive tactician he was renowned for the role of the Leader of Opposition Business which often requires a tactical and aggressive approach. He also held a range of Shadow Ministers including Mines and Energy, Natural Resources and Treasury.
In the role of Deputy Premier Seeney drove the Governments strategy of governing for economic growth designed to balance the asset sales agenda driven by his colleagues Premier Newman and Treasurer Tim Nichols. He also delivered on promises made as Opposition Leader to develop regional planning legislation to facilitate the coal seam gas industry and protect landholders rights and prime agricultural land. He demanded funding for the Royalties for Regions program investing $500 million into regional Queenslands infrastructure at a time when the Government was cutting expenditure across the board as his price for supporting Treasuries asset sales program.
He was the architect of a review of Queensland’s land title system that saw huge areas of leasehold land converted to freehold title on the basis of a nett present value calculation of the value of the lease payments 
Leadership.
Following the Coalition's loss at the 2006 state election, standing leader Lawrence Springborg relinquished leadership of the opposition and the Queensland National Party.
On 18 September 2006, Seeney was endorsed as the new state National Party leader, with Maroochydore representative Fiona Simpson as his deputy.
Seeney had stood for the position on a ticket with Toowoomba based colleague Stuart Copeland and Seeney and Simpson are reported to have never got along from the beginning. This conflict, combined with the leadership instability and performance of the Liberal Party under their leader Bruce Flagg combined to keep the opposition on the back foot.
On 21 January 2008, after opinion polls showed Seeney well behind newly installed premier Anna Bligh, Springborg launched a party-room coup with the support of Simpson and ousted Seeney as leader. After the merging of the National and Liberal parties, Seeney became a member of the Liberal National Party. Springborg kept him in the shadow ministry as Shadow Minister for Mines and Energy which he retained under Springborg's successor, John-Paul Langbroek.
On 22 March 2011, Seeney once again became opposition leader for a second time following Langbroek's resignation from that position after the LNP’s party hierarchy supported Campbell Newman in his effort to become Premier even though Seeney’s return to the Opposition leader’s position was not part of the Newman plan and came as a shock to LNP Party officials driving the Newman for Premier plan. After it became apparent that a by-election could not be arranged to get Newman into the legislature, it was announced that Seeney would act as interim parliamentary leader of the LNP—and hence Leader of the Opposition. Tim Nicholls served as his deputy. Newman, who had won preselection for Ashgrove, would lead the LNP election team from outside parliament. Seeney agreed that if Newman was elected to the legislature, he would cede his post as parliamentary leader to Newman.
The LNP won the largest majority government in Queensland history at the 2012 election. The next day, with counting still underway even though the LNP's victory was beyond doubt, Bligh resigned as premier and state Labor leader and announced her retirement from politics. Seeney resigned as leader of the LNP Parliamentary Party to make way for Newman in accordance with their pre-election agreement and Newman announced that he would name Seeney as Deputy Premier and Minister for State Development, with additional responsibility for the Coordinator General. Seeney served in an interim three-man cabinet with Newman and Nicholls until the full ministry was sworn in on 3 April. He was the highest-ranking minister from the Nationals side of the merger.
Seeney was Deputy Premier for the entirety of the Newman Government's tenure despite deep divisions developing between the Premiers office on the one hand and Seeney andTreasurer Tim Nicholls on the other. His tenure as Deputy Premier though repeatedly threatened by Newman only came to an end with the Government’s defeat at the 2015 election with Newman himself losing his seat. After the election defeat Springborg made his comeback as LNP leader.
The following year in 2016, Seeney's past leadership feud with Springborg resurfaced when Seeney was the key architect in displacing Springborg as leader by Seeney's former deputy and long time friend and parliamentary ally Tim Nicholls.
Personal life.
Seeney holds a Master's degree in Business Management MBA from the University of New England and a certificate in rural business management from QUT and was the former Deputy Mayor of Monto a shire Council and chairman of the Burnett Inland Economic Development Organisation (BIEDO).

</doc>
<doc id="7038263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038263" title="The Witch's Tale">
The Witch's Tale

The Witch's Tale is a horror-fantasy radio series which aired from May 21, 1931, to June 13, 1938, on WOR, the Mutual Radio Network, and in syndication. The program was created, written, and directed by Alonzo Deen Cole (February 22, 1897, St. Paul, Minnesota - April 7, 1971).
Production and casting.
The first horror drama on radio, Cole's spooky show was hosted by Old Nancy, the Witch of Salem, who introduced a different terror tale each week. The role of Old Nancy was created by stage actress Adelaide Fitz-Allen, who died in 1935 at the age of 79. Cole replaced her with 13-year-old Miriam Wolfe, and Martha Wentworth was also heard as Old Nancy on occasion. Cole himself provided the sounds of Old Nancy's cat, Satan. Cole's wife, Marie O'Flynn, portrayed the lead female characters on the program, and the supporting cast included Mark Smith and Alan Devitte.
The majority of the scripts were original stories, but there were literary adaptations as well, including: 
There were likely other adaptations that have not survived.
For syndication, the shows were recorded live during broadcast and distributed to other stations. These recordings were destroyed by Cole in 1961, so few episodes survive. Cole was also the writer, producer, and director of the radio mystery-crime drama, "Casey, Crime Photographer".
In November 1936, Alonzo Deen Cole edited "The Witch's Tales" magazine with the lead story by Cole. It ran for only two issues.
Television.
An effort was made to bring the series to television. In 1958, Television Programs of America made plans to film a pilot with Cole as consultant and story supervisor. The associate story editor was Raymond Levy. However, the show never made it to TV.
Influence.
EC Comics' publisher Bill Gaines was inspired by Cole's Old Nancy host to create the character the Old Witch, illustrated by Graham Ingels as the host of EC's "The Haunt of Fear".

</doc>
<doc id="7038264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038264" title="Noboribetu">
Noboribetu



</doc>
<doc id="7038267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038267" title="Ernen">
Ernen

Ernen is a municipality in the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 2005 Ernen incorporated the formerly independent municipalities of Ausserbinn, Mühlebach, and Steinhaus.
In 1979, Ernen was awarded the Wakker Prize for the preservation of its architectural heritage.
History.
Ernen is first mentioned in 1214 as "Aragnon". In 1220 it was mentioned as "Arengnon" and in 1510 it was "Aernen".
Geography.
Ernen has an area, , of . Of this area, 36.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while 35.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.5% is settled (buildings or roads) and 27.0% is unproductive land.
The municipality is located on a moraine terrace above the left side of the Rhone. It consists of the village of Ernen and the hamlet of Niederernen.
On 1 October 2004 the former municipalities of Steinhaus, Ausserbinn and Mühlebach merged into the municipality of Ernen, keeping the name Ernen.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per pale Gules and Argent, two Greek Crosses couped palewise counterchanged."
Demographics.
Ernen has a population () of . In 2008, 5.2% of the population were resident foreign nationals. Over the 10 years 1999–2009, the population changed at a rate of -8.3%. It has changed at a rate of 0% due to migration and at a rate of -7.1% due to births and deaths.
Most of the population in 2000 spoke German (367 or 95.3%) as their first language, Serbo-Croatian is the second most common (5 or 1.3%) and Dutch is the third (3 or 0.8%). There are 2 people who speak French, 1 person who speaks Italian.
In 2008, the sex distribution of the population was 50.1% male and 49.9% female. The population was made up of 252 Swiss men (47.8% of the population) and 12 (2.3%) non-Swiss men. There were 245 Swiss women (46.5%) and 18 (3.4%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality, 207 or about 53.8% were born in Ernen and lived there in 2000. There were 97 or 25.2% who were born in the same canton, while 48 or 12.5% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 26 or 6.8% born outside of Switzerland.
The age distribution of the population in 2000 wa children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 25.6% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 56.8% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 17.6%.
In 2000, there were 162 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 186 married individuals, 26 widows or widowers and 11 individuals who were divorced.
In 2000, there were 231 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. There were 64 households that consisted of only one person and 12 households with five or more people. Of a total of 172 households that answered this question, 37.2% were households made up of just one person and there were 2 adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there were 33 married couples without children, 54 married couples with children There were 11 single parents with a child or children. There were 4 households that were made up of unrelated people and 4 households that were made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing.
In 2000, there were 81 single family homes (or 33.9% of the total) out of a total of 239 inhabited buildings. There were 130 multi-family buildings (54.4%), along with 12 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (5.0%) and 16 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (6.7%).
In 2000, 163 apartments (29.0% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 285 apartments (50.6%) were seasonally occupied and 115 apartments (20.4%) were empty. In 2009, the construction rate of new housing units was 3.8 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, in 2010, was 1.7%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Erner Galgen, the Jost-Sigristen House, and the Tellen House are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance. The entire village of Ernen is part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 52.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (19.58%), the SP (17.28%) and the Green Party (4.67%). In the federal election, a total of 204 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 46.9%.
In the 2009 Conseil d'Etat/Staatsrat election a total of 191 votes were cast, of which 27 or about 14.1% were invalid. The voter participation was 45.7%, which is much less than the cantonal average of 54.67%. In the 2007 Swiss Council of States election a total of 204 votes were cast, of which 6 or about 2.9% were invalid. The voter participation was 46.9%, which is much less than the cantonal average of 59.88%.
Economy.
, Ernen had an unemployment rate of 0.3%. , there were 30 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 14 businesses involved in this sector. 35 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 7 businesses in this sector. 108 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 26 businesses in this sector. There were 175 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 35.4% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 142. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 23, of which 18 were in agriculture and 5 were in forestry or lumber production. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 32 of which 1 was in manufacturing and 9 (28.1%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 87. In the tertiary sector; 18 or 20.7% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 7 or 8.0% were in the movement and storage of goods, 41 or 47.1% were in a hotel or restaurant, 6 or 6.9% were technical professionals or scientists, 2 or 2.3% were in education and 3 or 3.4% were in health care.
, there were 62 workers who commuted into the municipality and 82 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.3 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 8.8% used public transportation to get to work, and 55% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 337 or 87.5% were Roman Catholic, while 25 or 6.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 7 individuals (or about 1.82% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. 14 (or about 3.64% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 5 individuals (or about 1.30% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Ernen about 130 or (33.8%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 38 or (9.9%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 38 who completed tertiary schooling, 71.1% were Swiss men, 13.2% were Swiss women.
During the 2010-2011 school year there were a total of 19 students in the Ernen school system. The education system in the Canton of Valais allows young children to attend one year of non-obligatory Kindergarten. During that school year, there were no kindergarten classes (KG1 or KG2) and there were no kindergarten students. The canton's school system requires students to attend six years of primary school. In Ernen there were a total of 2 classes and 19 students in the primary school. The secondary school program consists of three lower, obligatory years of schooling (orientation classes), followed by three to five years of optional, advanced schools. All the lower and upper secondary students from Ernen attend their school in a neighboring municipality.
, there were 44 students in Ernen who came from another municipality, while 29 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Cultural events.
In 2016, Ernen hosts a musical festival (the 43rd edition) lasting most of July and August, with a widely varied program.

</doc>
<doc id="7038270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038270" title="Noboribetu, Hokkaido">
Noboribetu, Hokkaido



</doc>
<doc id="7038275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038275" title="WBLF">
WBLF

WBLF (970 AM) is a classic hits radio station licensed to Bellefonte, Pennsylvania serving State College, Pennsylvania. It is currently owned by Jeffry and Mark Schlesinger, through licensee Schlesinger Communications, Inc. WBLF was founded by Cary H. Simpson on August 1, 1958, and operates at the federally assigned frequency of 970 kilohertz with a maximum power output of 1,000 watts daytime, 61 watts at night.
Early history.
WBLF was one of the original nine stations built by the Allegheny Mountain Network in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, with the construction permit first issued on May 28, 1958, for a daytime-only station.
Though many believe that the WBLF call letters stand for its city of license, it is speculated that Simpson named the station after his wife, the former Betty Lou Finnegan, who was part owner of the AMN until her death in 2000. WBLF originally operated at the frequency of 1330 kHz and at a power of 500 watts. Studios were first planned to be located at the corner of Spring and High Streets in Bellefonte, but that was changed to 107 North Allegheny Street. Transmitter facilities were located along Blanchard Street Extension in Spring Township, just outside the Bellefonte Borough limits.
In October 1967, the station was granted pre-sunrise authorization to operate at 500 watts no more than two hours before local sunrise, enabling the station to sign on the air at 6am on a consistent basis. In December 1969, WBLF applied for a frequency change from 1330 to the much stronger channel of 970 kHz, but with the same daytime and pre-sunrise power output.
In November 1976, WBLF was granted permission to double its daytime power to one thousand watts. In 1989, the station was granted limited nighttime power of 61 watts, which allowed it to remain on the air 24 hours if desired. The station was sold by Allegheny Mountain Network to Clark-Richards Broadcasting for $105,000 in April 1993, and studios were moved to 751 S. Eagle Valley Road in Bellefonte. The station was sold again to Citadel Communications Corporation in May 1997, and then changed hands again in September 1999 as it was sold to Marathon Media, and studios again were moved, this time to 160 Clearview Avenue in State College. This ownership was also short-lived, as the station was sold to Dame Broadcasting in March 2000. Independent programming for WBLF was abandoned, with the station rebroadcasting new AM sister station WRSC, which was the news/talk/sports station for the State College market.
Recent history.
For many years prior to the summer of 2005, WBLF simulcast programming on State College's WRSC. This allowed residents in Northern Centre County to receive WRSC's programming, especially in the evening and at night. In March 2005, then owner Dame Broadcasting sold its radio stations in the State College market (including WBLF) to 2510 Licenses, LLC. During this change in ownership, the simulcast was discontinued, and WBLF aired placeholder programming. In June 2005, WBLF was sold by 2510 to Magnum Broadcasting, Inc., a local operator and owner of four other Pennsylvania radio stations, including the Philipsburg licensed QWiK Rock.
Relaunch.
In October 2005, WBLF relaunched as a separate talk station, the first station in the State College market in direct competition with long-established talk station WRSC. As part of the launch, WBLF hired former WRSC broadcaster Jeff "Ironhead" Byers, who had just returned to State College following a brief period in Punxsutawney at WPXZ. Byers performed a morning show alongside Centre County personality Tor Michaels, who had also worked at WRSC in the past. Byers and Michaels were joined by newcomers Jennifer MacIsaac and Todd Brown. The original WBLF weekday lineup included original local affairs programming in the morning with MacIsaac, Michaels and Byers, Rush Limbaugh and Thom Hartmann in the afternoon, original local sports programming with Brown in the late afternoon, and Phil Hendrie in the evening. During not otherwise scheduled programming (overnights and often on the weekend), WBLF aired the Fox Sports Radio feed. National news is provided at the top and bottom of the hour by Fox News Radio.
The previous talk programming schedule was revamped slightly in late March 2007. It now includes "Centre County This Morning," a live, local morning news and information program with Jerry Fisher.
On Monday, June 16, 2008, WBLF inaugurated "In The Zone with Ironhead", a new live local sports talk show hosted by Jeff Byers. As of July 2009 WBLF airs "Meyers and Hartman", a sports talk show from Fox Sports Radio hosted by Chris Myers and Steve Hartman, in the time slot previously held by "In The Zone".
While WBLF's main competitor WRSC features a nearly entire lineup of conservative hosts such as Glenn Beck, Sean Hannity, Michael Savage and Mark Levin, WBLF has a somewhat more balanced lineup, airing Alan Colmes of Fox in addition to conservatives Dennis Miller and Rush Limbaugh.
Effective August 31, 2020, Magnum Broadcasting sold WBLF, two sister stations, and a translator to Jeffry and Mark Schlesinger's Schlesinger Communications, Inc. for $1.05 million.
Notes.
https://www.allaccess.com/net-news/archive/story/192730/craven-curtis-named-om-at-magnum-state-college-pa

</doc>
<doc id="7038284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038284" title="Maria Lawson (British singer)">
Maria Lawson (British singer)



</doc>
<doc id="7038301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038301" title="I Might Be Wrong">
I Might Be Wrong



</doc>
<doc id="7038302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038302" title="Pikuach nefesh">
Pikuach nefesh

 (), which means 'saving a soul' or 'saving a life', is the principle in (Jewish law) that the preservation of human life overrides virtually any other religious rule of Judaism. In the event that a person is in critical danger, most become inapplicable if they would hinder the ability to save oneself or someone else. However, there are certain exceptions; some rules and commandments may not be broken under any circumstances and thus may require an act of self-sacrifice.
Origin and interpretation.
Biblical source.
The Torah, in Leviticus 18:5, states simply: "You shall keep My statutes and My laws, which a person shall do and shall live by them. I am the ."
Ezekiel 20:11 states the following: "And I gave them my statutes, and showed them my judgements, which if a man do, he shall even live in them."
Talmudic discussion.
In the Talmud (Yoma 85b), Samuel of Nehardea interpreted the verses above to imply, "Live by them [God's statutes and laws], and do not die by them". Shmuel's interpretation, which is accepted as canonical in Rabbinic Judaism, is that Jews should live by Jewish law as long as doing so does not endanger their lives, but should not die because of it (except in narrow circumstances identified elsewhere). Shmuel implicitly rejects the alternative interpretation, "Live by them, and die by them".
The Talmud discusses a number of cases as examples in which biblically mandated laws can be disregarded for the sake of saving a human life. (B.Yoma 84b) All of these examples relate to Sabbath prohibitions: rescuing a child from the sea, breaking apart a wall that has collapsed on a child, breaking down a door about to close on an infant, and extinguishing a fire to save a life. The phrase appears to derive from that context.
The discusses when one is permitted to break one's fast on Yom Kippur: "If one is seized by a ravenous hunger, he may be given to eat even unclean things until his eyes are lightened." Several other examples are displayed in Yoma, including feeding one medicine and rescuing one from a mudslide.
Drawing the line.
The principle of has limitations. The individual whose life is to be saved must be a specific, identifiable individual, rather than an abstract or potential beneficiary. Another question is what constitutes a life-threatening situation. Some situations are clearly life-threatening, such as one who is dying of a disease and will die without medical intervention, or one who is drowning and will not be able to escape the water without help from another. In other situations, it may be unclear if a life is truly in danger. For example, if a person is feeling "extreme pain", this may be tremendously uncomfortable, but it is unclear whether it may lead to death. It is always considered preferable to err on the side of caution (i.e., "violating" Jewish laws), even if this later turns out to be unnecessary.
Uncertainty.
If it cannot be ascertained whether or not a situation is life-threatening, the situation must be considered life-threatening until proven otherwise, thereby allowing action to be taken. It is of prime importance that if one believes a life may be in danger, and seconds may count, that persons involved not delay helping the victim out of fear of violating , or in order to determine if such a violation is permissible according to . If one takes action in violation of to save a life when they believe the situation is life-threatening, but later learns that there was no threat to a human life, they have not sinned, and must not feel guilty over having made such a mistake.
Who must help.
In a life-threatening situation, it is necessary, when possible, for the most qualified individuals available to provide all assistance necessary during every moment of the situation. However, when seconds count, there must be no delay in determining who is more qualified.
If there is a choice between two Jews, and there is clearly plenty of time to decide, it is preferable that the more observant Jew break the . That shows the importance of breaking when a life is on the line and that less observant Jews are not permitted to serve the purpose of breaking to avoid having more observant Jews do so.
If there is a choice between a Jew and a gentile who are equally qualified, and the situation is not urgent, it is preferable for the gentile provide the assistance (with a notable exception of childbirth to provide more comfort).
Examples.
Organ donation.
According to some halakhic rulers, organ donation in Jewish law is one classic example of the obligation to violate a commandment because of pikuach nefesh. Saving a life can override the prohibition against desecrating a corpse. However, due to the limitation that a specific life must be in danger, a specific organ recipient must generally be identified before the organ is removed. Organ removal to organ banks for possible future use is generally prohibited by all Orthodox Judaism poskim.
Medication.
Pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy is a pig-derived mixture of pancreatic enzymes, taken as an oral medication by patients with certain pancreatic disorders that cause exocrine pancreatic insufficiency. These include cystic fibrosis, chronic pancreatitis, pancreatic cancer and following surgical removal of the pancreas. Jewish figures such as the Chief Rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregations have ruled it permissible for Jewish patients to take these medications, providing there is no suitable alternative.
Shabbat and holidays.
The laws of Shabbat and the Jewish holidays may be suspended for the purposes of pikuach nefesh. The earliest known example of this took place in 167 BCE, when Mattathias and the Hasmoneans declared that it was permitted for their followers to fight on the Sabbath day to defend themselves from attack. One is allowed to travel in order to save another's life, and medical care may be provided to critically ill patients (see Driving on Shabbat). According to Moshe Feinstein, it is permissible to travel to accompany a woman in labor to a hospital because the Talmud is especially solicitous of health with respect to pregnancy and childbirth. Shabbat laws can also be bent for a woman who has given birth in the last three days to make sure that she is comfortable and healthy.
One is allowed to drive a woman to a hospital on Shabbat to give birth, since birth can be life-threatening without medical supervision. Similarly, one may sign a consent form for surgery on Shabbat if the surgery will otherwise be delayed.
If one's close relative is transported to the hospital under emergency circumstances during Shabbat, one is allowed to drive or accept a ride to the hospital in order to provide company to their relative at the hospital, since this may be life-saving. One may also be needed at the hospital to sign potentially life-saving consent forms.
Telephone.
If a medical emergency is known or suspected that warrants placing a phone call rather than transportation in a motor vehicle, the telephone may be used. If the situation has a lower level of urgency, the receiver shall be removed and the buttons pressed in shinuy, or an unusual manner (e.g., by using the elbow or the knuckles, or a pencil). If the person involved is expecting a call to be returned to deal with the issue, answering the phone is permitted, and if another uninvolved person has placed the call, the person involved shall state, for example, that they are waiting for a call from the doctor.
Work.
It is permissible for one whose profession it is to save lives (such as a physician, nurse, or emergency medical technician) to work on Shabbat in order to save lives. It is permissible even for such a professional to use a telephone or pager to be alerted to their need for a life-saving act or to communicate life saving information, or to travel by any means necessary to the location where the potentially life-saving act will be performed. Some hospitals, such as Mount Sinai Hospital, have a designated Shabbat elevator for staff and visitors to use on those days; the elevators automatically stops on every floor, so that the observant persons do not have to push a floor button, which would be work.
One is not allowed to work on Shabbat due to economic hardships, no matter how severe their circumstances are.
Eating.
Non-kosher food.
Non-kosher food may be eaten under the following circumstances:
If necessary for recovery, a patient may eat non-kosher foods. In the Babylonian Talmud, Chapter 82a of Tractate Yoma mentions pregnancy cravings for non-kosher food (the passage discusses a pregnant woman who craves pork on Yom Kippur) as the paradigmatic example of a presumed life-threatening situation where a person is allowed to eat non-kosher food (and is permitted to eat it on Yom Kippur).
Fasting.
On Yom Kippur, the fast preferably may only be broken if one is advised by a physician not to fast, and then consults a rabbi regarding the physician's advice. The general practice is to eat only as much as is necessary in order to satisfy one's needs. If one is advised by a physician not to fast, but is unable to consult a rabbi, one should eat in accordance with the physician's advice.
If one senses they may have a health problem that may be aggravated by fasting, but no physicians or rabbis are available to give advice, they should use their own judgment, and are permitted to refrain from fasting. A pivotal principle is that The Heart Knows its Own Bitterness, based on tractate Yoma in the Babylonian Talmud. In such cases, one must not delay eating in order to speak with the appropriate authority, or feel guilty for eating in this situation.
One who must eat on Yom Kippur is required to eat only as much as is necessary to avoid aggravating a medical condition. Fasting, as much as possible, takes priority over prayer (and thus more should not be eaten merely to enable one to attend synagogue or pray with more concentration). All blessings normally recited before and after eating are recited as usual.
Fasts other than Yom Kippur are viewed more leniently. Anyone who feels unable to fast is permitted to break the fast without consulting a physician or rabbi.
On all fasts, one who is taking a medication for any reason is permitted to use food or water as necessary to aid in taking the medication. If the medication has instructions to consume food or beverage with the medication, one is not permitted to fast, and they need not further consult a physician or rabbi.
A person who becomes severely dehydrated during any fast shall consume sufficient fluids to restore their body to normal hydration levels.
Waiting for the proper time to eat.
Rabbinical law prohibits eating at certain times even on non-fast days, such as prior to daily morning prayer, prior to the recitation of kiddush on Shabbat or Yom Tov, and between the ending of Shabbat and Havdallah. In particular, these laws are to strictly be followed by adult males and should be followed by adult females who are not pregnant or nursing. While it is optimal to wait out these shorter periods of time rather than eating, even for one whose medical condition demands frequent eating, there are exceptions:
Exceptions.
There are some Jewish laws that may not be violated, even when a life is in danger. In these cases, a life must be sacrificed, rather than Halakha be broken. These include:
Idolatry.
Idolatry in Judaism, known as (, ) is inclusive not only of idol worship, but of any attempt to visually depict God. A famous example of this is found in the Talmudic rendition of Hannah and her seven sons, which states that the family was martyred to avoid worshiping idols. Despite the heavy prohibition, Rabbinical commentary makes exceptions for Jews forced to abandon Judaism or raised without sufficient knowledge of it.
Forbidden sexual relations.
Forbidden sexual acts may not be done, even if necessary to save a life. In Orthodox Judaism, these acts include:
Although interfaith marriage is not permitted in Orthodox Judaism, even in case of , Esther's marriage with the king of Persia is not regarded as a sin, because she remained passive, and risked her life to save that of the entire Jewish people.
Murder.
Any act that intentionally causes the death of another person (considered to be an act of murder), that injures a person, so that the potential for death from the injuries is high, or that otherwise creates a dangerous situation that will very likely put one or more lives at risk, is not permitted for the preservation of life. Forbidden examples are:
Exceptions to the rule against murder.
An exception in which killing another person is permitted is the case of a (aggressor), who may be killed in order to save the life of oneself or another person. This permits wartime killings and killings in self-defense, or to save another from an aggressor in Judaism. Abortion is also permitted in Jewish law if the unborn fetus is endangering the mother's life, because the fetus is then considered to be a . The assertion is also used to permit the separation of conjoined twins when it is likely or even certain that one will die as a result of the operation if this is necessary to save the other.
Life for a life.
While one is not permitted to automatically give up one's life in order to save the life of another (an act of suicide, forbidden in Jewish law), one may "risk" their own life to save the life of another. It is, however, forbidden to place one's own life at more risk than the other person is already in. One may not put another's life in danger, especially against that person's will, in order to save their own life or that of another.
Scholars have long questioned whether or not stealing is permitted in order to save a life. Most have concluded that stealing sustenance from a poor person is prohibited under life-threatening circumstances, since the life of a poor person who loses even a small portion of their sustenance is considered to be endangered. Also, operating a business or similar operation that intentionally robs or defrauds the poor of all or any part of their sustenance is strictly forbidden, even to save a life. Robbing or defrauding a large business, organization, or the government is forbidden if the poor will suffer as a result of the business, organization, or government losing these funds. If a business suffers the loss of money due to fraud or theft, it may pass the losses onto customers by raising its prices, and as a result, the poor may have to spend more. The government, if cheated, may raise taxes, even to the poor, or cut services from which the poor benefit.
The commandment to save life may also have reference to ethical arguments regarding torture.
Contemporary examples.
A ZAKA delegation, a rescue team made up of Haredi men, worked in the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince soon after the 2010 Haiti earthquake. They took time to recite Shabbat prayers, and continued to work throughout Shabbat.
With the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, many religious authorities have supported the concept of social distancing, even overriding the requirement to pray in a and other religious mandates through live-streaming. Different denominations of Judaism approached the challenges of the pandemic in their own ways. For example, while many mainstream Orthodox authorities agreed that avoiding the risk of disease was worth missing an in-person service, communities of Haredi and Hasidic Jews continued to gather in synagogue.

</doc>
<doc id="7038304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038304" title="Great Italian Wars">
Great Italian Wars



</doc>
<doc id="7038314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038314" title="R.T.Baker">
R.T.Baker



</doc>
<doc id="7038332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038332" title="Terror behind the walls">
Terror behind the walls



</doc>
<doc id="7038336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038336" title="Josef Suk (violinist)">
Josef Suk (violinist)

Josef Suk (8 August 1929 – 7 July 2011) was a Czech violinist, violist, chamber musician and conductor. In his home country he carried the title of National Artist. 
Suk's recordings of Dvořák's Violin Concerto, especially those with the Czech Philharmonic and conductors Karel Ančerl and Václav Neumann, are taken as references.
Youth and studies.
Josef Suk was born in Prague, the grandson of the composer and violinist Josef Suk, and great-grandson of the composer Antonín Dvořák. After finishing high school in 1945 he entered the Prague Conservatory (1945-1951), where his teachers were Jaroslav Kocián, Norbert Kubát and Karel Šnebergr.
The most important of all his teachers was Jaroslav Kocián, who started teaching him privately when Suk was 7 years old. Led by him, Suk mastered the violin art drawing from the spectacular interpretative art of his teacher, who was specific with his noble technique of tone formation.
During his studies, in 1949, Suk was sent to Paris and Brussels where he represented successfully the young generation of Czech violinists.
After leaving the Prague Conservatory, he spent four terms at the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague (AMU) with the professors Marie Hlouňová and Alexandr Plocek. However, before finishing his studies he was suspended for political reasons.
"AMU was rather a military and political school at that time. For example, I protested against being obliged to trench. That was because our fingers suffered – and I wanted to be a musician, not a soldier. That was the reason why I was suspended after four terms and detached to the military division of Košice for punishment. In the last minute I was saved when I got to the Army artist company, where I spent the two years of military service playing the violin."
"Since the very beginning, when I got my first violin from my father, a binding feeling of big expectations bore on me. I wasn’t sure whether I was able to be up to the wishes and hopes of my parents and my grandfather. The great commitment of filling my family tradition attached all my artist career. Sometimes it might have opened some gates and routes, but on the other hand it meant also an indispensable stress."
Concert career.
From 1950 to 1952, he was the primarius of the Prague quartet; from 1953 to 1955, he was concertmaster of the dramatic orchestra of the National Theatre in Prague; and until 1957, he was a soloist of the Army artist company.
His first significant success was a recital in Prague on 6 November 1954. Shortly after that George Szell invited him to the US to play with the Cleveland Orchestra. In 1958 he performed in Germany, Netherlands and Romania, then also in France and Belgium.
In 1960 he was lent the Antonio Stradivari violin called "Duc de Camposelice", made in 1710. Its former owner was Váša Příhoda, who donated it to the Czechoslovak state shortly before his death. Suk also played the "Libon" Stradivari and "The Prince of Orange" violin by Giuseppe Guarneri del Gesu. He also used an instrument by Přemysl Špidlen for a long time.
In 1961 he was named as soloist of the Czech Philharmonic, playing on many of its tours and recitals. He cooperated, and made numerous recordings, with the world's best orchestras, conductors and interpreters. He won many prizes for his recordings – Grand Prix du Disque for Debussy's and Janáček's sonatas, for the Dumky Trio by Dvořák with Jan Panenka and Miloš Sádlo, for the complete collection of Mozart's violin concerts with the Prague Chamber Orchestra conducted by Libor Hlaváček, for the Berg Concerto and for the concertos of Martinů.
He was also a violist and he recorded the Sinfonia Concertante by Mozart, playing both parts of violin and viola. With the Czech Philharmonic, conducted by Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, he recorded "Harold en Italie" by Hector Berlioz.
His violin art was characterized by a rotund and rich tone, glass-clear intonation and an idiomatic interpretation. Suk was one of the world's best interpreters of Bach, Mozart and Beethoven. His recordings of Dvořák's Violin Concerto are exemplary.
From 1979 to 1986 he was a teacher at the Music College in Vienna.
Chamber music.
Aside from his solo career he focused on chamber music. As a student (1950-1952) he was the primarius of the Prague quartet and in 1951 he founded the Suk Trio, named after his grandfather Josef Suk, together with his friends Jiří Hubička (piano) and Saša Večtomov (cello), later with Jan Panenka (piano, replaced then by Josef Hála) and Josef Chuchro (cello). Suk Trio played many concerts both home and abroad and recorded many compositions. With the trio's later pianist Jan Panenka Suk recorded the entire collection of Beethoven's sonatas, and their recording of Shostakovich's sonata for viola and piano was the very first. As a violist he often cooperated with the Smetana Quartet, mostly as second viola.
Another remarkable partnership was with the harpsichordist prof. Zuzana Růžičková. They were close friends and within many concerts they made many recordings, for example Bach's and Händel's sonatas. They were also dedicated a sonata by Růžičková's husband, Viktor Kalabis.
Josef Suk also collaborated with Julius Katchen and János Starker when recording Brahms's trios and sonatas.
In 1974, as a commemoration of the 100th anniversary of birth of his grandfather Josef Suk, he founded the Suk Chamber Orchestra. Suk acted as its leader and conductor till 2000.
He held the title of Meritorious Artist and since 1977 the title of National Artist. In 2002 he was awarded the National Order of the Legion of Honour.
Death.
Josef Suk died on 7 July 2011, aged 81, of prostate cancer and was buried in Prague, the Vyšehrad cemetery. 

</doc>
<doc id="7038343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038343" title="Canonical admonitions">
Canonical admonitions

Canonical admonitions are a preliminary means used by the Catholic Church towards a suspected person, as a preventive of harm or a remedy of evil.
Canonical admonitions are part of previous canon law codes. Use of canonical admonition remains a step in the escalating punitive process in both the current 1983 "Code of Canon Law" of the Latin Church and the "Code of Canons of the Eastern Churche"s of the Eastern Catholic Churches.
History.
The 1880 instruction, by direction of Pope Leo XIII, from the Congregation of Bishops and Regulars to the bishops of Italy, gave them the privilege to use a summary procedure in trials of the clergy for criminal or disciplinary transgressions. Article IV decrees: "Among the preservative measures are chiefly to be reckoned the spiritual retreat, admonitions, and injunctions". Article VI: "The canonical admonitions may be made in a paternal and private manner (even by letter or by an intermediary person), or in legal form, but always in such a way that proof of their having been made shall remain on record".
Usage.
These admonitions are to be founded upon a suspicion of guilt that is excited by public rumor and investigated by a proper authority, with the result establishing a reasonable basis for the suspicion. If little foundation for the suspicion is discovered, the superior should not even admonish the person, unless the suspected person has given, on previous occasions, serious motive for faultfinding.
Admonitions may be either paternal or legal (canonical). If the grounds are such as to produce a serious likelihood, or half-proof, they will suffice for a paternal admonition. A paternal admonition is administered after the following steps:
Thus the way is paved for the above-mentioned canonical or legal admonition. The assumed half-proof is strengthened, first, by the contumacy of the suspect; secondly, by his confession of the charge in question. An accusation issuing from a reliable person, or a prevalent evil reputation of the suspect, may substitute for the defect of proof needed for indictment.
For the paternal admonition it is enough that this evil reputation should be spread among less responsible persons, but for the legal admonition the evil reputation should emanate from serious and reliable persons. The legal admonition is to a great extent akin to the summons to judgment.
If there is any urgency in the case, one peremptory summons, declaring it to take the place of the three, will suffice. The prelate may still feel that he has not enough evidence to prove the delinquency. He may allow the suspect to purge himself of the suspicion or accusation by his oath and the attestation of two or more reliable persons that they are persuaded of his innocence and that they trust his word. If he cannot find such vouchers for his innocence, and yet there be no strictly legal proof of his guilt (though there are grave reasons for suspicion), the prelate may follow the legal admonition by a special precept or command, according to the character of the suspected delinquency.
The infringement of this precept will entail the right to inflict the penalty which should be mentioned at the time the command is given. This must be done by the prelate or his delegate in a formal legal way before two witnesses and the notary of his curia, be signed by them, and by the suspect if he so desires. The paternal admonition is to be kept secret; the legal admonition is a recognized part of the "acts" for future procedure.

</doc>
<doc id="7038348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038348" title="Levator Palpebral Superioris">
Levator Palpebral Superioris



</doc>
<doc id="7038351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038351" title="Canonical Admonitions">
Canonical Admonitions



</doc>
<doc id="7038352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038352" title="Excomunication">
Excomunication



</doc>
<doc id="7038354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038354" title="PdC">
PdC



</doc>
<doc id="7038360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038360" title="Blitzingen">
Blitzingen

Blitzingen is a former municipality in the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017 the former municipalities of Blitzingen, Grafschaft, Münster-Geschinen, Niederwald and Reckingen-Gluringen merged into the municipality of Goms.
History.
Blitzingen is first mentioned in 1203 as "Blicingen".
Geography.
Blitzingen had an area, , of . Of this area, 36.7% is used for agricultural purposes, while 27.3% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.7% is settled (buildings or roads) and 34.3% is unproductive land.
It consists of the village of Blitzingen and the hamlets of Ammere, Bodme, Wiler and Gadme.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure, issuant from a cliff Vert a flag per fess Gules and Argent two Crosses couped counterchanged staffed of the third and finialed Or, issuant from sinister a Thunderbolt Or, in Chief two Mullets Or." The lightning bolt () may be an example of canting arms.
Demographics.
Blitzingen had a population () of 90. , 24.4% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1999–2009 ) the population has changed at a rate of -24%. It has changed at a rate of -4.8% due to migration and at a rate of -14.4% due to births and deaths.
Most of the population () speaks German (92 or 92.9%) as their first language with the rest speaking Serbo-Croatian
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.9% male and 48.1% female. The population was made up of 26 Swiss men (32.9% of the population) and 15 (19.0%) non-Swiss men. There were 33 Swiss women (41.8%) and 5 (6.3%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 44 or about 44.4% were born in Blitzingen and lived there in 2000. There were 21 or 21.2% who were born in the same canton, while 11 or 11.1% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 21 or 21.2% were born outside of Switzerland.
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 23.2% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 49.5% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 27.3%.
, there were 37 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 51 married individuals, 8 widows or widowers and 3 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 42 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. There were 15 households that consist of only one person and 2 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 44 households that answered this question, 34.1% were households made up of just one person and there was 1 adult who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 10 married couples without children, 14 married couples with children There were 2 households that were made up of unrelated people and 2 households that were made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 51 single family homes (or 57.3% of the total) out of a total of 89 inhabited buildings. There were 30 multi-family buildings (33.7%), along with 2 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (2.2%) and 6 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (6.7%).
, a total of 42 apartments (21.5% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 140 apartments (71.8%) were seasonally occupied and 13 apartments (6.7%) were empty. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 3.02%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Sights.
The entire hamlet of Ammere / Gadme /Wiler and the hamlet of Bodmen are designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 59.26% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (21.69%), the SVP (10.05%) and the Green Party (4.23%). In the federal election, a total of 28 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 50.9%.
In the 2009 Conseil d'État/Staatsrat election a total of 23 votes were cast, of which 5 or about 21.7% were invalid. The voter participation was 44.2%, which is much less than the cantonal average of 54.67%. In the 2007 Swiss Council of States election a total of 28 votes were cast, of which 2 or about 7.1% were invalid. The voter participation was 50.9%, which is much less than the cantonal average of 59.88%.
Economy.
, Blitzingen had an unemployment rate of 0.7%. , there were 11 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 5 businesses involved in this sector. 4 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 2 businesses in this sector. 19 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 5 businesses in this sector. There were 49 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.8% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 29. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 7, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 3, all of which were in manufacturing. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 19. In the tertiary sector; 1 was in the sale or repair of motor vehicles and 16 or 84.2% were in a hotel or restaurant.
, there were 24 workers who commuted away from the municipality. Of the working population, 6.1% used public transportation to get to work, and 46.9% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 81 or 81.8% were Roman Catholic, while 2 or 2.0% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 9 members of an Orthodox church (or about 9.09% of the population). 4 (or about 4.04% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 3 individuals (or about 3.03% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Blitzingen about 24 or (24.2%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 7 or (7.1%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 7 who completed tertiary schooling, 57.1% were Swiss men.
, there were 13 students from Blitzingen who attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
The village is served by Blitzingen railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="7038369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038369" title="Kraze">
Kraze

Kraze may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="7038370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038370" title="2006 Polonskaya">
2006 Polonskaya

2006 Polonskaya ("provisional designation": ) is a stony Flora asteroid and asynchronous binary system from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 22 September 1973, by Soviet astronomer Nikolai Chernykh at the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory in Nauchnij, on the Crimean peninsula, and later named after Ukrainian astronomer Elena Kazimirtchak-Polonskaïa. Its one-kilometer-sized satellite was discovered by an international collaboration of astronomers in November 2005.
Classification and orbit.
Polonskaya is a member of the Flora family, one of the largest collisional populations of stony asteroids, when applying the synthetic hierarchical clustering method (HCM) by Nesvorný. However, according to another HCM-analysis by Milani and Knežević (AstDys), it is a background asteroid as in this analysis the Flora asteroid clan is not recognized. Polonskaya orbits the Sun in the inner main-belt at a distance of 1.9–2.8 AU once every 3 years and 7 months (1,295 days; semi-major axis of 2.32 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.19 and an inclination of 5° with respect to the ecliptic. On 16 September 1941, it was first observed at the Finnish Turku Observatory in Finland. The body's observation arc begins in April 1950 at Palomar Mountain, about 23 years prior to its official discovery observation.
Naming.
This minor planet was named after Russian astronomer Elena Ivanovna Kazimirchak-Polonskaya (1902–1992), who researched the motion and orbital evolution of comets, in particular the capture of comets by major planets. She was a member of IAU's Commission XX, and was awarded the F. A. Bredikhin prize. The official was published by the Minor Planet Center on 1 September 1978 ().
Satellite.
In 2005, it was claimed that lightcurve observations indicate that Polonskaya has a small moon about 0.99 km in diameter. However, the non-synchronously rotating binary still needs to be fully resolved in order to confirm such satellite. Alternatively, the presence of another body has also been suggested to explain the lightcurve's irregular period, which would make it a triple asteroid.
Physical characteristics.
Polonskaya is considered a stony S-type asteroid with a typically high albedo due to its membership to the Flora family.
Lightcurves.
Between 2005 and 2010, several rotational lightcurves of Polonskaya were obtained from photometric observations by Donald Pray, Petr Pravec, Peter Kušnirák, Walter Cooney, John Gross and Dirk Terrell. Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period between 3.114 and 3.1183 hours with a brightness amplitude of 0.18–0.10 magnitude for the best rated results (). A later retracted alternative period solution of (about twice as long) has also been proposed. In September 2019, follow-up observations by Pravec gave an unchanged rotation period of ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the survey carried out by NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, Polonskaya measures 4.625 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.354. The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" adopts Petr Pravec's revised WISE-data, that is, an albedo of 0.3498 and a diameter of 4.80 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 13.35.

</doc>
<doc id="7038371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038371" title="Rachel G. Fox">
Rachel G. Fox

Rachel G. Fox (born ) is an American former teen actress best known for playing Kayla Huntington Scavo in the ABC television series "Desperate Housewives".
Career.
Acting career.
Fox has also appeared on "Alias", "That's So Raven", "iCarly", "Hannah Montana", as well as voicing characters in the video games "Ant Bully" and "Thrillville".
She appeared on ABC's "Desperate Housewives" from September 2006 until May 2008 as a series regular, portraying Lynette's sociopathic step-daughter Kayla Huntington.
In July 2009, Fox filmed the movie "Spork", which was released in 2010 which would be her first lead movie role. She also starred in Jim Sheridan's "Dream House", portraying Chloe Patterson, daughter of Ann and Jack Patterson (played by Naomi Watts and Marton Csokas, respectively).
She recurred as Holly Reback in the ABC Family sitcom "Melissa &amp; Joey".
Finance career.
Fox on Stocks, launched in 2012 and said to be Fox's stock-trading blog, describes her as "a very successful stock trader in her free time," and says that it "provides education for those wishing to learn more about investing."
In 2016, after publications stated that she was purportedly employed as a trader by Jacob Wohl, Fox has denied any connection with Wohl.
Awards.
In 2014, Fox was named one of "The 25 Most Influential Teens of 2014" by "Time" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="7038374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038374" title="Uccs">
Uccs



</doc>
<doc id="7038375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038375" title="Cliffside Park High School">
Cliffside Park High School

Cliffside Park High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Cliffside Park, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the Cliffside Park School District.
Students from Fairview attend the school as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Fairview Public Schools.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,283 students and 95.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.5:1. There were 602 students (46.9% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 140 (10.9% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch. In the 2011–12 school year, 36.1% of students at the high school spoke English as their first language at home, while 44.4% spoke Spanish, 4.4% speak Arabic, 3.8% speak Portuguese, 1.9% speak Korean, 1.9% speak Turkish and 7.6% speak other languages. Among the graduates of the Class of 2010, 51.2% planned to attend four-year colleges, while 38.5% planned on attending two-year colleges.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 297th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 256th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 235th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 220th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 195th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Athletics.
The Cliffside Park High School Red Raiders compete in the Big North Conference, which is comprised of public and private high schools in Bergen and Passaic counties, and was established following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). The school had previously competed in the Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL) American Conference, which included public and private high schools located in Bergen and Hudson counties. With 940 students in grades 10–12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group III for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 761 to 1,058 students in that grade range. The football team competes in the Ivy Red division of the North Jersey Super Football Conference, which includes 112 schools competing in 20 divisions, making it the nation's biggest football-only high school sports league. The football team is one of the 12 programs assigned to the two Ivy divisions starting in 2020, which are intended to allow weaker programs ineligible for playoff participation to compete primarily against each other. The school's co-op football team with Ridgefield Memorial High School was classified by the NJSIAA as Group V North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 1,317 to 5,409 students.
The boys' basketball team won the Group III state championships in 1941 vs. Bound Brook High School, 1943 vs. Merchantville High School, 1946 vs. Woodrow Wilson High School, 1948 vs. Thomas Edison High School of Elizabeth, 1954 vs. Linden High School and 1955 vs. Springfield High School (since renamed as Jonathan Dayton High School), and won the Group II title in 1971 vs. Haddon Heights High School. Down by six points after the first quarter, the 1941 team pulled ahead by outscoring Bound Brook 12–4 in the second quarter and 11–2 in the third to win the Group III title by a score of 38–31 in the championship game played at the Elizabeth Armory. Led by Gerald Calabrese, the 1943 team defeated Merchantville by a score of 42–26 in the Group III final; a proposal was made to have Cliffside Park play Group II champion Weehawken High School in a fundraiser for the American Red Cross. The 1948 team held off a furious late effort by Thomas Edison of Elizabeth to win the Group III title by a score of 49-47 in the championship game played at the Elizabeth Armory before a crowd of 4,000.
With five touchdowns from their fullback, the 1977 football team won the NJSIAA North I Group III state sectional title with a 37-6 win in the championship game against Indian Hills High School in front of 32,000 fans at Giants Stadium. The school has maintained a rivalry with Ridgefield Park High School since the two schools first played each other, which was listed by "The Record" as one of the best in Bergen and Passaic counties; though the first game between the two schools was earlier, from 1950 through the 2017 season, Ridgefield Park is ahead with a 38-20-2 record in games between the two schools.
The boys soccer team won the Group II state championship in 2008 (as co-champion with Delran High School) and 2010 (defeating Haddon Heights High School in the final game of the tournament). The 2007 boys soccer team won the North II, Group II state sectional championship with a 1-0 win over Hackettstown High School in the tournament final for the team's second sectional title, the program's only other win coming in 1992 when it won the North I, Group III sectional title. The 2008 team shared the Group II state championship with Delran High School, after a 2-2 tie in which Cliffside Park took a 2-1 lead with a goal with 74 seconds left in regulation but Delran tied the score with a goal nine seconds later. In 2010, the team won its fourth consecutive state sectional title with a 3-1 win against Bernards High School. The 2010 boys soccer team was recognized by "The Record" as the North Jersey Boys Soccer Team of the Year after winning the Group II state championship with a 1-0 win over Haddon Heights High School, the first sole possession of the state title in the program's history after sharing the Group II title in 2008.
"The Class of COVID-19".
Students at the high school published three memoir collections about the COVID-19 pandemic collectively entitled "The Class of COVID-19". The first edition, "The Class of COVID-19: Insights from the Inside", published in June 2020, contains pieces by forty-six students and was edited by Cliffside Park High School English teacher Shawn Adler. The collection was brought together, according to Adler, so that "people have this as a primary document for as long as they are learning about what we're going through in history."
The book has attracted national press coverage in the United States from CNN, the "Wall Street Journal", "NBC Nightly News", "People", Yahoo, "Al Día", and other outlets. It has also garnered praise from a range of New Jersey politicians, including Governor Phil Murphy, U.S. Senator Cory Booker, and Representative Bill Pascrell. A second volume, "The Class of COVID-19: Second Wave", with 24 new pieces of writing by different student authors, appeared in January 2021.
Administration.
The school's principal is Lawrence Pinto. His administration team includes two vice principals and the athletic director.

</doc>
<doc id="7038377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038377" title="Tony Ward">
Tony Ward

Tony or Anthony Ward may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7038391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038391" title="Abkhazian Che">
Abkhazian Che

Abkhazian Che (Ҽ ҽ; italics: "Ҽ ҽ") is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
Abkhazian Che is used in the alphabet of the Abkhaz language, where it represents the voiceless retroflex affricate . In the alphabet, it is placed between and .
Resemblance.
The letter only coincidentally resembles a lowercase Latin letter e. Historically, it is the cursive form of the corresponding letter ( ) in the Abkhazian Latin alphabet, where it somewhat resembled a Greek φ.
Cche.
Cche or Double Che (Ꚇ ꚇ; italics: "Ꚇ ꚇ") is a letter of the Cyrillic script. It was used in the old Abkhaz alphabets, where it represents the voiceless retroflex affricate . The letter was invented by baron Peter von Uslar. In 1862 he published his linguistic study "Абхазский язык". The letter is Ҽ-shaped but in 1887 Uslar's study was reprinted by M. Zavadskiy who changed its shape and the result resembled a Cyrillic Ч doubled. Later the letter returned to its initial form which, created by linguist Uslar, is part of the modern Abkhaz alphabet, which is depicted as Ҽ.

</doc>
<doc id="7038398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038398" title="Dragon Slayers' Academy">
Dragon Slayers' Academy

Dragon Slayers' Academy is a children's book series written by author Kate McMullan and illustrated by Bill Basso, which currently features 20 books.
Plot.
The series follows the adventures of a young medieval peasant boy Wiglaf of Pinwick and his two friends, Erica von Royale and Angus du Pangus, as they are educated in the art of dragon slaying at the boarding school, Dragon Slayers' Academy (DSA), run by Angus' greedy Uncle Mordred. The academy is run under the motto "Goldius est goodius," features three pots of gold above a dead dragon on its back on its crest. The school serves only eel for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

</doc>
<doc id="7038409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038409" title="Court of Common Pleas (England)">
Court of Common Pleas (England)

The Court of Common Pleas, or Common Bench, was a common law court in the English legal system that covered "common pleas"; actions between subject and subject, which did not concern the king. Created in the late 12th to early 13th century after splitting from the Exchequer of Pleas, the Common Pleas served as one of the central English courts for around 600 years. Authorised by Magna Carta to sit in a fixed location, the Common Pleas sat in Westminster Hall for its entire existence, joined by the Exchequer of Pleas and Court of King's Bench.
The court's jurisdiction was gradually undercut by the King's Bench and Exchequer of Pleas with legal fictions, the Bill of Middlesex and Writ of Quominus respectively. The Common Pleas maintained its exclusive jurisdiction over matters of real property until its dissolution, and due to its wide remit was considered by Sir Edward Coke to be the "lock and key of the common law". It was staffed by one Chief Justice and a varying number of puisne justices, who were required to be Serjeants-at-Law, and until the mid 19th century only Serjeants were allowed to plead there.
As one of the two principal common law courts with the King's Bench, the Common Pleas fought to maintain its jurisdiction and caseload, in a way that during the 16th and 17th centuries was categorised as conservative and reactionary. Reaching an acceptable medium with the King's Bench and Exchequer of Pleas proved to be the downfall of all three courts; with several courts of near-identical jurisdiction, there was little need for separate bodies, and the superior courts of Westminster were merged by the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873 (36 &amp; 37 Vict. c. 66) into a single High Court of Justice. With an Order in Council issued on 16 December 1880, the Common Pleas Division of the High Court ceased to exist, marking the end of the Court of Common Pleas.
History.
Origin.
Originally, the sole fixed court like body was the "curia regis", one of the three central administrative bodies along with the Exchequer and Chancery, from which the Court of Chancery formed. This "curia" was the king's court, composed of those advisers and courtiers who followed the king as he travelled around the country. This was not a dedicated court of law, instead a descendant of the "witenagemot". In concert with the "curia regis", eyre circuits staffed by itinerant judges dispensed justice throughout the country, operating on fixed paths at certain times. These judges were also members of the "curia", and would hear cases on the king's behalf in the "lesser "curia regis"". Gradually, the "curia" split into two distinct branches, the "coram rege" (King's Bench) and "de banco" (Common Bench, or Common Pleas). Much academic discussion occurs over the circumstances and times of their founding. In 1178, a chronicler recorded that when Henry II:
This was originally interpreted as the foundation of the King's Bench, with the Court of Common Pleas not coming into existence until the granting of Magna Carta, which mandated in Section 17 that common pleas (cases between subject and subject, as opposed to cases involving the king) be heard in "some fixed place". This ensured that rather than the source of justice moving from place to place as the king did, there would be a fixed location that claimants and defendants could travel to that would address their problems. The later theory was that Henry II's decree created the Court of Common Pleas, not the King's Bench, and that the King's Bench instead split from the Common Pleas at some later time. In the 20th century, with better access to historical documents, legal historians have come to a different conclusion. Rather than the Common Pleas being created out of the "curia regis" directly, it instead arose out of the Exchequer of Pleas, another body split from the "curia regis". By the beginning of the 13th century, a split began; chronicles from 1201 identify the "bench" and "exchequer" as distinct bodies, and records of Barons of the Exchequer and Justices of the Common Pleas show a distinct lack of overlap.
The Court of Common Pleas, along with the other superior courts, sat in Westminster Hall from its creation. Due to the provisions in Magna Carta, it was bound to sit there; an apocryphal story says that Orlando Bridgeman refused to move the court a few feet to avoid the draught from the north entrance, fearing that to do so would be to infringe on Magna Carta. The court sat in a space marked off by a wooden bar (which counsel stood behind) with the court officials sitting at a large oak table covered in green cloth and the justices on a raised platform (or "bench") at the rear of the court.
Struggle with the King's Bench.
During the 15th century, the common law courts were challenged by the civil law and equity found in the Chancery and similar courts. These courts and legal methods were much faster than the common law courts, so lawyers and claimants flocked to them. This was perceived as a threat to the common law courts, for good reason; between 1460 and 1540, the business of the common law courts significantly dropped, while the Chancery's cases rose massively in number. In reaction to this, the Court of King's Bench developed its own, faster system, intent on winning cases back, and through procedures such as the Writ of Quominus and Bill of Middlesex acquired a wider jurisdiction. While this succeeded in forming an equilibrium between the old common law courts and the new courts, it was viewed with suspicion by the Common Pleas, who became highly reactionary to the changes the King's Bench attempted to introduce. When the King's Bench attempted to use the Bill of Middlesex to widen its jurisdiction, the Common Pleas became increasingly conservative in its attempts to avoid ceding cases. This was limited by the fact that the three Common Pleas prothonotaries could not agree on how to cut costs, leaving the court both expensive and of limited malleability while the King's Bench became faster, cheaper and more varied in its jurisdiction.
The troubles during this period are best illustrated by Slade's Case. Under the medieval common law, claims seeking the repayment of a debt or other matters could only be pursued through a writ of debt in the Common Pleas, a problematic and archaic process. By 1558 the lawyers had succeeded in creating another method, enforced by the Court of King's Bench, through the action of "assumpsit", which was technically for deceit. The legal fiction used was that by failing to pay after promising to do so, a defendant had committed deceit, and was liable to the plaintiff. The conservative Common Pleas, through the appellate court the Court of Exchequer Chamber, began to overrule decisions made by the King's Bench on "assumpsit", causing friction between the courts. In Slade's Case, the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, John Popham, deliberately provoked the Common Pleas into bringing an "assumpsit" action to a higher court where the Justices of the King's Bench could vote, allowing them to overrule the Common Pleas and establish "assumpsit" as the main contractual action. After the death of Edmund Anderson, the more activist Francis Gawdy became Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, which briefly led to a less reactionary and more revolutionary court.
The Interregnum granted some respite to the Common Pleas, which abolished fines on original writs, hurting the King's Bench, but in 1660 the fines were reinstated and "then the very attorneys of the Common Pleas boggled at them and carried all their finable business to the King's Bench". In 1661 the Common Pleas attempted to reverse this by pushing for an act of Parliament, the (13 Cha. 2. St. 2. c. 2) to abolish latitats based on legal fictions, forbidding "special bail" in any case where "the true cause of action" was not expressed in the process. The King's Bench got around this in the 1670s; the act did not say that the process had to be true, so the court continued to use legal fictions, simply ensuring that the true cause of action was expressed in the process, regardless of whether or not it was correct. The Bill of Middlesex disclosed the true cause of action, satisfying the 1661 statute, but did not require a valid complaint. This caused severe friction within the court system, and Francis North, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, eventually reached a compromise by allowing such legal fictions in the Common Pleas as well as the King's Bench.
Unity and dissolution.
The unintended outcome of these compromises was that by the end of Charles II's reign, all three common law courts had a similar jurisdiction over most common pleas, with similar processes. By the 18th century, it was customary to speak of the "twelve justices" of the three courts, not distinguishing them, and assize cases were shared equally between them. In 1828, Henry Brougham complained that:
The purpose of Brougham's speech was to illustrate that three courts of identical jurisdiction were unnecessary, and further that it would create a situation where the best judges, lawyers and cases would eventually go to one court, overburdening that body and leaving the others near-useless. In 1823, 43,465 actions were brought in the King's Bench, 13,009 in the Common Pleas and 6,778 in the Exchequer of Pleas. Not surprisingly, the King's Bench judges were "immoderately over burdened", the Common Pleas judges were "fully occupied in term, and much engaged in vacation also" and the Barons of the Exchequer were "comparatively little occupied either in term or vacation".
In response to this and the report of a committee investigating the slow pace of the Court of Chancery, the Judicature Commission was formed in 1867, and given a wide remit to investigate reform of the courts, the law, and the legal profession. Five reports were issued, from 25 March 1869 to 10 July 1874, with the first (dealing with the formation of a single Supreme Court of Judicature) considered the most influential. The report disposed of the previous idea of merging the common law and equity, and instead suggested a single Supreme Court capable of utilising both. In 1870 the Lord Chancellor, Lord Hatherly, attempted to bring the recommendations into law through an act of Parliament, but did not go to the trouble of consulting the judiciary or the leader of the Conservatives, who controlled the House of Lords. The bill ran into strong opposition from lawyers and judges, particularly Alexander Cockburn. After Hatherly was replaced by Lord Selbourne in September 1872, a second bill was introduced after consultation with the judiciary; although along the same lines, it was far more detailed.
The act, finally passed as the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873 (36 &amp; 37 Vict. c. 66), merged the Common Pleas, Exchequer, King's Bench and Court of Chancery into one body, the High Court of Justice, with the divisions between the courts to remain. The Court of Common Pleas thus ceased to exist, except as the Common Pleas Division of the High Court. The existence of the same courts under one unified head was a quirk of constitutional law, which prevented the compulsory demotion or retirement of Chief Justices. By sheer chance, both the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales and Chief Baron of the Exchequer died in 1880, allowing for the abolition of the Common Pleas Division and Exchequer Division by Order in Council on 16 December 1880, with their functions merged into the King's Bench Division, with the Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas becoming Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales.
Jurisdiction.
The Common Pleas' jurisdiction was over "common pleas," cases where the king had no interest. This in practice meant cases between subject and subject, including all actions taken under "praecipe" to recover debts or property, which made up the vast majority of civil cases. As such, the Common Pleas "was the court which more than any other shaped the medieval common law". It was the court where most students went to learn, and the majority of the early case reports come from the Common Pleas. The court was called "the lock and key of the common law" by Sir Edward Coke, since throughout its history it was the only court where claims involving real property could be brought, giving it a wider remit to set precedent than the other courts. For almost all of its history, Serjeants at Law and King's Serjeants were the only advocates given rights of audience in the Court of Common Pleas. As part of the Court of Common Pleas the Serjeants also performed some judicial duties, such as levying fines. In 1834 Lord Brougham issued a mandate which opened up pleading in the Court of Common Pleas to every barrister, Serjeant or not, and this was followed for six years until the Serjeants successfully petitioned the Queen to overturn it as invalid. The Serjeants only enjoyed their returned status for another six years, however, before Parliament intervened. The Practitioners in Common Pleas Act 1846, from 18 August 1846, allowed all barristers to practice in the Court of Common Pleas.
From the 13th century onwards, the Court of Common Pleas could issue its own writs, and was not dependent on the Court of Chancery, where such documents usually originated. These were sealed with the Great Seal of the King until at least 1338, along with the seal of the justices; the Chancery writs had their own independent seal. Documents were, from 1350, considered acceptable if only marked with the seal of the justices. In 1344, the king created a separate seal for the Common Pleas, allowing them to process cases without involving the Chancery or the king. The court stood on an equal footing with the Exchequer of Pleas, Court of Chancery and King's Bench in relation to transferring cases between them. Any errors on the part of the Common Pleas would be corrected by the King's Bench through a separate action brought there. Thanks to the Bill of Middlesex and other legal fictions, the King's Bench gained much of the Common Pleas's jurisdiction, although the Common Pleas remained the sole place where real property claims could be brought.
Structure.
Justices.
The Common Pleas was staffed by a number of justices, under one Chief Justice. The number of Justices at any one time varied; between 1377 and 1420 there were generally four, switching to five from 1420 to 1471. From 1471 onwards, the number was fixed at three. This changed in the 19th century; provisions were made for the appointment of fourth and fifth justices in 1830 and 1868 respectively. From the start of the 14th century, Justices were appointed via letters patent made under the Great Seal, and held their appointments "under the pleasure of the King". Justices received the same remuneration as judges of the Exchequer of Pleas and Court of King's Bench; £1,000 in 1660, increased to £2,000 in 1759 and £4,000 in 1809. From 1799, pensions were also awarded to retiring justices. The Chief Justice was one of the highest judicial officials in England, behind only the Lord High Chancellor of England and the Lord Chief Justice of the King's (or Queen's) Bench. Initially the position of Chief Justice was not an appointment; of the justices serving in the court, one would become more respected than his peers, and was therefore considered the "chief" justice. The position was formalised in 1272 with the raising of Sir Gilbert of Preston to Chief Justice, and from then on it was considered a formally appointed role similar to the positions of Chief Justice of the King's Bench and Chief Baron of the Exchequer.
Both the puisne and chief justices were required to be Serjeants-at-Law, and were appointed by letters patent. The Serjeant would then be greeted by the Lord Chancellor, who would inform him of his new position; the letters patent would then be read out in court, and the new justice would swear an oath to do "justice without favour, to all men pleading before him, friends and foes alike", not to "delay to do so even though the king should command him by his letters or by word of mouth to the contrary" or "receive from anyone except the king any fee or other pension or livery nor take any gift from the pleaders before him, except food and drink of no great price". The innovation of appointment by letters patent was a scheme of Edward III's to avoid the potential for bribery, by providing a method through which judges could be paid. This income was supplemented through work on commissions of assize, gaol deliveries, and oyer and terminer. The justice would also receive fees from the parties in court, through the costs of judicial writs.
Other offices.
The justices were assisted by a staff of over 50 officials, most of whom sat in Westminster Hall but also kept offices at the various Inns of Court. The Chief Clerk was the Custos Brevium, appointed by the crown, but in practice clerking matters were handled by his deputy, as the office was a royal favour rather than a serious judicial appointment. The crown also appointed the court chirographer, the officer responsible for noting final concords and filing records of fines. Another high-ranking clerk was the Clerk of the Outlawries, an under-clerk of the Attorney General for England and Wales, who was tasked with recording recognizances to protect the interests of the King in common law matters. In 1541 his position was replaced with the office of Clerk of the King's Process. Other offices created during the reign of Henry VIII include the Clerk of the Recognizances in 1432, who recorded debts secured by recognizances and the office of Receiver of Debts, who was tasked with receiving and recording money coming into the court via debts and fines, and was first appointed in 1536.
Due to their technical knowledge, the most important officers were the three Prothonotaries, the first and third of whom were appointed by the Chief Justice and the second by the Chief Justice on the advice of the Custos Brevium. They were responsible for enrolling records of litigation, including anything that raised a point of law, and were often consulted by the court due to their detailed technical knowledge. The Chief Justice also appointed the Clerk of the Warrants, Clerk of the Treasury (also known as the Clerk of Hell), the Keeper of the Seal, the Clerk of Essoins and the Clerk of Acknowledgments of Fines and Recoveries (who was officially the Chief Justice's own clerk, rather than that of the court), as well as other officials. The Custos Brevium appointed the Clerk of the Juries, responsible for issuing writs of Habeas Corpus.
There were four Exigenters tasked with issuing and controlling the process of declaring someone an Outlaw, with each Exigenter assigned a set of counties. The most valuable of the Exigenterships was that for London, Middlesex, Sussex, Kent, Dorset, Somerset, Devon, Cambridgeshire, Huntingdonshire, Bristol and Exeter due to the number of processes each year, with London alone handling over 100 documents a year by the mid-1550s. By tradition the Exigenter for Yorkshire and the other northern counties was also Filazer for Northumberland, Westmorland, Cumberland and Newcastle, and Clerk of the King's Silver for the entire country. There were also thirteen Filazers, who shared counties between them according to historical divisions, and were tasked with filing judicial writs for their counties and transferring them to the Custos Brevium for filing. A fourteenth Filazer was appointed for Monmouthshire in 1542, but other than this there were no changes to the position until the abolition of the court.
The Warden of the Fleet Prison, who was also keeper of Westminster Hall, was tasked with keeping it clean and letting the shops and booths along the sides. Despite acting as gaoler to the Exchequer of Pleas, Court of Chancery and Star Chamber as part of his duties the Warden was considered an officer of the Court of Common Pleas. All court officers were appointed for life, and could only be removed for misbehaviour. Despite this, the sheer number of positions meant that several came up for reappointment in each Chief Justice's tenure, and selling them could be very profitable.

</doc>
<doc id="7038416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038416" title="Ҽ">
Ҽ



</doc>
<doc id="7038439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038439" title="Conférence des Evêques de France">
Conférence des Evêques de France



</doc>
<doc id="7038443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038443" title="Bishops conference">
Bishops conference



</doc>
<doc id="7038446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038446" title="Dumont High School">
Dumont High School

Dumont High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Dumont, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the Dumont Public Schools.
The school operates under the authority of the New Jersey Department of Education and has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools since 1939.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 768 students and 65.1 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.8:1. There were 66 students (8.6% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 15 (2.0% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
The current Dumont High School opened in 1932. The original high school was founded in 1918 and located at what was the Dumont Municipal Building until 2019 when it was demolished for a new Municipal Building. In 1961, construction on the current building yielded a new gymnasium, a library, over 20 classrooms, and a cafeteria. Another addition was added to the school in 2007. A new media center, modern science labs, and an elevator were part of the new construction.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 101st-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 118th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 106th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 162nd in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 174th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 179th out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (an increase of 10 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (78.0%) and language arts literacy (95.0%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Athletics.
The Dumont High School Huskies compete in the Big North Conference, which is comprised of public and private high schools in Bergen and Passaic counties, and was established following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Before the NJSIAA realignment, the school had been part of the Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL) American Conference, which included public and private high schools in Bergen County and Hudson counties. With 611 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group II for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 486 to 758 students in that grade range. The football team competes in the American Red division of the North Jersey Super Football Conference, which includes 112 schools competing in 20 divisions, making it the nation's biggest football-only high school sports league. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group II North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 484 to 683 students. The school colors are brown, orange and white. The head of the athletic department is Joseph Sutera.
The school participates in joint boys / girls swimming teams with New Milford High School as the host school / lead agency. Dumont and Bergenfield High School participate in a co-op ice hockey team with Fair Lawn High School as the host school. These co-op programs operate under agreements scheduled to expire at the end of the 2023–24 school year.
The boys cross country team won the Group III state championship in 1971.
In 1984, the football team finished the season with a 9-2 record after winning its first ever North I, Section II state sectional title, defeating by a score of 23–20 a Hawthorne High School team that had come into the championship game undefeated. In the 71st annual "Turkey Bowl" game on Thanksgiving Day in 2019, Dumont beat Tenafly High School by a score of 7-6 to win its sixth consecutive game in the rivalry and bring the overall series to 56-31-3 in favor of Tenafly.
The 1988 girls track team won the Bergen County relays for groups 1 and 2.
The girls volleyball team finished the 1996 season with a record of 19-7 after winning the Group II state championship against New Milford High School in the final match of the tournament.
In fall 1998, the boys soccer team won the school's first ever Bergen County Tournament soccer game, beating Hackensack High School in penalty kicks, before losing to Bergen Catholic High School in the quarter-finals. The team was named the Small School (Group 1 &amp; 2) Team of the Year by "The Bergen Record", finishing the year 18-3-2, setting the school record for wins in a season.
The 1999 boys indoor track team won the Bergen County Indoor Relays championship.
The baseball team won the 2002 North I, Group II state sectional championship, defeating Hoboken High School 4–3 in the tournament final. In 2008, the baseball team won the BCSL American League Championship for the first time since 1988, defeating rival River Dell High School by a score of 5–4 in nine innings. John O'Rourke allowed no earned runs over eight scoreless innings (8 IP, 4 R, 0 ER, 8 H, 6 K, BB). They finished the year at an overall record of 17–6, losing in the opening round of the North I, Group II State Tournament to Mahwah, 8–3.
Prior to the 2008–09 school year, the district completed renovations of the majority of DHS athletic facilities. The project included the installation of a state-of-the-art six-lane track, artificial FieldTurf playing surface and lights at the high school. In addition, a new baseball and soccer field were installed at Honiss School, while a new softball and soccer field were installed at Selzer School.
In 2009, the girls varsity bowling team were the Bergen County Scholastic League American League Champions for the first time in Dumont's history. The bowling team is coached by Marc Ferrara.
In 2009, the baseball team repeated as BCSL American League champs by defeating River Dell High School 8–0, winning their 11th league title in school history.
In 2010, the Dumont Huskies captured their third straight BSCL American Championship title by defeating Tenafly High School, 8–1. The 2009-10 Dumont boys baseball team, under the direction of head coach Jason Cannici, finished with an overall of record of 20-7 and finished first in the BCSL American at a record of 15–3. They advanced to the semifinals of the North 1, Group 2 State Tournament losing 1–0 to North Warren Regional High School, with the only run of the game scoring on a suicide squeeze.
Music.
Dumont High School has been known for its music department. The Dumont High School Marching Band has been performing at the North Jersey High School Band Festival for over 30 years, as one of the largest marching bands in Bergen County. In the past the band has played half-time shows for the New York Jets at Giants Stadium. The concert band and chorus perform music of the highest level and have performed throughout the United States and Canada. At music festivals, throughout the United States, the band has received superior ratings as has the chorus. The concert band and marching band are well known throughout the Eastern United States. The music department has had a jazz program which encourages and teaches jazz improvisation. In 2017, the Dumont High School Marching Band was nominated by Senator Cory Booker to represent the state of New Jersey in the National Memorial Day Parade in Washington D.C. At this time the band was under the direction of Deanna Loertscher.
Theatre and arts.
The Dumont High School proudly produces four productions a year with their Youth Theatre actors. In the fall is the straight play, winter is the London Play, spring is the musical and late spring is the student written and produced One Acts. Such shows included "Godspell", "Grease", "Anything Goes", "Matchmaker", "Romeo and Juliet", "Little Shop of Horrors", "Midsummer Night's Dream", "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum", "Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street", "The Two Month Rule", "Seussical the Musical", "Beauty and the Beast", "Shrek the Musical", "Xanadu", and most well known, "The Spongebob Musical" (2022).
NJDFL.
Dumont High School is a member of the New Jersey Drama and Forensics League. The students have the opportunity to compete against other high schools in pair pieces, scenes, monologues, improvisation, speeches and storytelling. Dumont won the championship in 2002, taking home the inaugural Looby Cup. Dumont High School took home the Looby Cup once again in 2010 after accumulating a total of 256 points at a championship tournament at Raritan High School. The team won by a margin of 63 points over second-place finisher Mainland Regional High School. Dumont High School kept the Looby Cup at home after winning the state championships for a second straight time in 2011. Dumont won the team sweepstakes with a total of 235 points, only 5 points more than second-place finisher Absegami High School.
Administration.
The school's principal is James Wichmann. His administration team includes two assistant principals.

</doc>
<doc id="7038454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038454" title="Harold Rosenthal">
Harold Rosenthal

Harold David Rosenthal OBE (30 September 1917 – 19 March 1987) was an English music critic, writer, lecturer, and broadcaster about opera. Originally a schoolmaster, he became drawn to music, particularly opera, and began working on musical publications. On the foundation of "Opera" magazine in London in 1950, Rosenthal was assistant editor, and became editor in 1953, retaining the post until 1986.
He was a continual campaigner on behalf of opera, and was a strong opponent of its élitist image and inflated seat prices. In the early 1950s he was appointed archivist to the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, which led to his most substantial publication, "Two Centuries of Opera at Covent Garden".
Life and career.
Rosenthal was born in West Norwood, London, the son of Israel Victor Rosenthal, a schoolmaster, and his wife, Leah "née" Samuel. He was educated at the City of London School and University College, London, where he took his BA in 1940, continuing with post-graduate studies at the London Institute of Education. In World War II he served as a private in the British army. In 1944 he married Lillah Phyllis Weiner with whom he had a son and a daughter.
After the war, Rosenthal became a schoolmaster, teaching history and English from 1946 to 1950. He became increasingly interested in music, appearing frequently as a critic and lecturer, particularly on opera. From 1947 to 1952 he was a correspondent for the American journal "Opera News". A fellow enthusiast for opera, Lord Harewood, worked with him on the journal "Ballet and Opera" in 1948 and 1949. In 1950 Harewood founded the magazine "Opera" and invited Rosenthal to join him as assistant editor. Rosenthal resigned from his teaching post and devoted himself to music for the rest of his life. When Harewood left to take up work in opera administration, Rosenthal succeeded him as editor, holding the post from 1953 until 1986. In the early years of his editorship he was also archivist to the Royal Opera House (1950–1956) which led to his most substantial book, "Two Centuries of Opera at Covent Garden" (1958). From 1955 to 1960 he was a correspondent for the journal "Musical America".
"Grove's Dictionary of Music" said of Rosenthal, "under his guidance ["Opera" magazine] came to provide an extensive coverage of operatic events throughout the world and exercised considerable influence on operatic life in Britain. … Rosenthal's work is highly regarded for its judiciousness, based on a thorough knowledge of the human voice and the operatic repertory." He was particularly noted for his opposition to the élitist image that resulted in exorbitant prices for opera tickets and for his key role in broadening opera's appeal after World War II. As a reviewer he was known for his generosity, giving the benefit of the doubt to performers, particularly when writing about young singers.
In addition to his writing, Rosenthal was recruited in an administrative capacity in a variety of musical roles. He was a member of the British Arts Council Patrons of Music Fund (1960–1970) and chairman of the music section of the Critics' Circle of Great Britain (1965–1967). From 1962 he served on the council of the Friends of Covent Garden. He also played an administrative role in international festivals, notably Edinburgh. He was made a "cavaliere ufficiale" of the Order of Merit of the republic of Italy in 1977, and was awarded the British OBE in 1983.
Rosenthal also received an Honorary Doctorate from Heriot-Watt University in 1985
Rosenthal died in London in 1987, aged 69.
Publications.
Rosenthal's principal books include:
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="7038458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038458" title="Board of Customs">
Board of Customs



</doc>
<doc id="7038461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038461" title="Klumpke's paralysis">
Klumpke's paralysis



</doc>
<doc id="7038463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038463" title="Erb's Palsy">
Erb's Palsy



</doc>
<doc id="7038468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038468" title="Adam Slodowy">
Adam Slodowy



</doc>
<doc id="7038470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038470" title="Erb's paralysis">
Erb's paralysis



</doc>
<doc id="7038474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038474" title="International Biathlon Union">
International Biathlon Union

The International Biathlon Union (IBU; ) is the international governing body of biathlon. Its headquarters were in Salzburg, Austria, until May 2020, when the Federation moved to Anif, on the outskirts of the city. It was rocked by a corruption scandal that broke in 2018, concerning the Russians bribing its top two officials. In 2022 Russia and Belarus were suspended from all international biathlon competitions until further notice.
Members.
61 nations (March 2023):
History.
1920–1953.
Military patrol part of the International Military Sports Council.
1953–1993.
Modern Biathlon part of Union Internationale de Pentathlon Moderne.
1993–2009.
The International Biathlon Union (IBU) was founded in London on 2 July 1993. This occurred when the National Biathlon Union in London/Heathrow decided to exclude biathlon from the World federation UIPMB (Union de Pentathlon Moderne et Biathlon), which it had been part of since 1953, forcing biathlon to form their own international federation. During the congress the new federation elected their executive committee and the 57 existing members of the UIPMB were automatically transferred to the IBU. However the International Olympic Committee (IOC) did not recognise the IBU as an international Olympic winter sport federation until August 1998. In the same year the Global Association of International Sports Federations (GAISF) declared the IBU as a proper member. The IBU settled in Salzburg, Austria in June 1999. A congress is held every two years, and is considered the most important organ of the IBU according to its constitution. The first congress was held in Salzburg in 1994.
Since the foundation of the IBU, yearly World Championships for men and women have been held, as well as junior World Championships and youth World Championships (the first being held in 2002). The European Championships have been conducted for both senior and junior athletes since the 1994/95 season. The first summer biathlon World Championships took place in Hochfilzen, Austria in 1996. During the 1999/2000 season the IBU assumed the management of archery biathlon from FITA, and archery biathlon World Cups and World Championships have been held since 2002.
In the first Winter Olympics in which biathlon was included there were three events and up until the 2006 games, four. From 2006 onward there have been five biathlon events (Relay, Individual, Mass Start, Sprint, and Pursuit), and from 2014, six with the inclusion of the Mixed Relay.
2010–2019: Russian corruption scandal.
In 2018 the IBU underwent a corruption scandal with its President Anders Besseberg and his deputy, General Secretary Nicole Resch, accused of accepting bribes from Russia. The two left their positions that year after Austrian and Norwegian authorities announced criminal investigations into their conduct. Besseberg had led biathlon’s governing body for 25 years. During that time, according to a January 2021 report commissioned by biathlon’s new leadership and resulting from a two-year investigation, he accepted gifts from the Russians consisting of cash-filled briefcases totalling at least - but perhaps much more than - $200,000 in bribes, luxury vacations and hunting trips, and young women "aides" during trips to World Cup biathlon events. In return Besseberg defended Russia's athletes, assailed its critics, and blocked efforts to root out doping by Russia's teams. The report also detailed Resch's similar actions.
2020–present: suspension of Russian and Belarusian athletes due to the invasion of Ukraine.
Due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Russia and Belarus, as invading nations, were suspended from all international biathlon competitions until further notice. The International Biathlon Union banned the participation of Russian and Belarusian athletes and officials at its international events, and began procedures to suspend the Russian and Belarusian Biathlon Federations.
Administration and sponsorship.
In August 1993, a Secretary-General was appointed, and a secretary for the staff added in 1995. A World Cup coordinator was put in place in the 1997/98 season. The coordinator was promoted to sports director before the start of the 2002/03 season. In April 2001 a communication director position was created. In March 2001 the chairman of the IBU legal committee was the legal advisor for the IBU. In May 2020, the IBU moved to a new headquarters in the municipality of Anif, Austria.
The IBU is a non-profit organization, having contacts contracts with the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) and APF Marketing Services. There are sponsor advertisements along all the biathlon courses, the most notable ones being Hörmann, Bauhaus, Viessmann, LaVita, DKB, and BMW, who is the main sponsor. IFS (software solutions) acts as Official Data Partner and Polar (heart rate monitors) as Timing Partner benefitting from visibility in all TV graphics relating to time measurement. Most of the sponsors are German, Scandinavian, and Eastern European, where most of the interest in biathlon is. In 1996, as part of the IBU development project, partnership contracts were established with some companies, which supplied free materials and equipment to the less fortunate member federations.
The biathlon events most people are familiar with are the World Cup events, which is the season for the elite athletes; there is a second class season called the IBU Cup which has existed since the IBU's foundation. The men and women that finish in the top ten in the overall leader board have their travel and accommodation paid for the next season by the IBU.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="7038482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038482" title="WLUI">
WLUI

WLUI (670 kHz) is a commercial radio station licensed to Lewistown, Pennsylvania, and serving State College and Central Pennsylvania. With a good radio, it also can be heard in northern parts of Maryland and parts of southern New York state. It is owned by Seven Mountains Media with the license held by Southern Belle, LLC. It airs an oldies radio format, featuring hits of the 1960s, 70s and 80s. Updates are supplied by ABC News Radio.
WLUI is a daytimer station. By day, it is powered at 5,400 watts, using a non-directional antenna. Because 670 AM is a clear-channel frequency, on which WSCR in Chicago is the dominant Class A station. WLUI must leave the air at night to avoid interference. WLUI programming can be heard around the clock on its FM translator, W225CK at 92.9 MHz.
History.
Early years on 1490 AM.
Originally WMRF, the station signed on the air on June 1, 1941. It had 250 watts of power and it broadcast on 1490 kHz. The call letters stood for the initials of the name of the owner. WMRF had its studios in Hotel Coleman and it was an affiliate of the NBC Red Network. It carried NBC's schedule of dramas, comedies, sports and news through the 1940s and 50s. 
Just after World War II, Lewistown Broadcasting Company expanded, applying for an FM station in Lewistown as well as an AM and eventually an FM station in Altoona, Pennsylvania. In Lewistown, the FM station was granted and constructed as WLTN-FM on 97.9. The transmitter site for WMRF was moved to the WLTN-FM site in Derry Township (Big Ridge) just north of Lewistown. The move was to provide an economical operation. At the time, a licensed engineer was required to be on duty when the station was on the air. Few people owned FM receivers in that era and in 1954, the license was turned back to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). 
Adding a new FM station.
In 1964, the FCC came out with a new allocation table, which included 95.9 for Lewistown, Pennsylvania. The company applied and received a grant for 95.9 MHz, which signed on as a full time simulcast of WMRF in 1964. WMRF-FM used the original WLTN-FM building but operated from a telephone pole instead of mounting on the WMRF-FM tower. The old WLTN-FM antenna remained in place until the original tower was dismantled in 1981.
In 1980, the antenna was replaced with a taller tower to provide better coverage for the FM station. It also gave WMRF a 5/8 wave tower which had a significant improvement to its coverage.
In 1985, the call letters were changed to WIEZ (EZ-1490) as programming on WMRF-FM and WIEZ were now separated.
Move to 670.
In 1988, WIEZ applied to move to 670 kHz which would give it wider coverage. The daytime power would increase to 5,400 watts. However, 670 is a daytimer frequency with the station giving up the 1490 full-time frequency. After the move in 1989, the format was initially oldies. 
WIEZ switched to a talk radio format, which lasted until January 3, 2017. It carried mostly syndicated talk hosts featuring Dr. Joy Browne, Glenn Beck, Rush Limbaugh, and Sean Hannity.
On January 3, WIEZ flipped from talk back to oldies, branded as "Big Lewie", slang for Lewistown, its city of license. The new WLUI call sign was already put into place on January 2, 2017, and a simulcast on FM translator W225CK 92.9 MHz Lewistown was added.

</doc>
<doc id="7038496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038496" title="Lisebergbanan">
Lisebergbanan

Lisebergbanan is a steel roller coaster at the Liseberg amusement park in Gothenburg, Sweden. It opened in 1987.
The ride's name literally means "Liseberg rail line" and the station is themed to a railway station. A themed restaurant was later opened under Lisebergbanan's station with a similar theme, allowing guests to dine inside replica freight and passenger carriage compartments. The ride has five trains consisting of 11 cars. Each car seats two riders and as such, the ride boasts a large guest throughput.
History.
When Anton Schwarzkopf's company went bankrupt, Schwarzkopf worked with Zierer to produce several roller coasters. Lisebergbanan was the first of these rides, and it has been said that this was Schwarzkopf's favorite roller coaster. The roller coaster opened in 1987 and has been regarded by the park since as a 'true classic'.
Accident.
In 2006, 21 people were injured at Liseberg when two of the roller coaster's trains collided. The crash happened as the chain that pulls trains up the initial climb malfunctioned, causing a fully loaded train to roll backward into the starting platform, hitting another train that was unloading riders. Since only part of the train was on the lift hill, the anti-rollback could not stand the pressure, and broke. Since the accident, the roller coaster has opened again after a technical adjustment.

</doc>
<doc id="7038503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038503" title="CNA Financial">
CNA Financial

CNA Financial Corporation is a financial corporation based in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Its principal subsidiary, Continental Casualty Company (CCC), was founded in 1897, and The Continental Insurance Company (CIC) was organized in 1853. CNA, the current parent company, was incorporated in 1967.
CNA is the seventh largest commercial insurer in the United States as of 2018. CNA provides property and casualty insurance products and services for businesses and professionals in the U.S., Canada, and Europe.
CNA itself is 90% owned by a holding company, Loews Corporation. This holding company also has interests in offshore oil and gas drilling rigs, natural gas transmission pipelines, oil and gas exploration, hotel operations and package manufacturing.
History.
Continental Assurance Company of North America was founded in Detroit in 1897. The purpose of the company was to provide accident and health insurance to railroad industry employees. This company then merged with the Metropolitan Accident Company, changed its name to the Continental Casualty Company, and moved to Chicago. It acquired National Fire Insurance Company of Hartford in 1956, and the American Casualty Company in 1963. The first letters of each of the original companies were merged to form the acronym CNA. It was then referred to as the Continental National American Group, now it simply goes by CNA.
In 1915, CCC offered the first workers' compensation insurance. In the 1920s, CCC was the first to create a co-insurance clause on homeowners' policies. In the 1950s, CCC offered the industry's first comprehensive group dental insurance. In the 1960s, CNA introduced long-term care to the industry.
CNA has insured many historical events. Over the years, CNA covered the Indianapolis 500, the World Boxing Association, the Peking Opera, the Blue Angels, and various actors and movie projects.
In the 1960s, CNA covered the Beatles concert in the event of inclement weather at Shea Stadium. In the 1970s, CNA covered U.S. astronauts in their Apollo 16 and Apollo 17 voyages to the moon with a commercial special risks package.
In 1974, Loews Corporation purchased 56% of CNA stock.
In 1995, CNA completed a $1.1 billion merger with The Continental Corporation. The merger was the first significant merger of two property and casualty companies in more than 25 years.
In 1999, CNA sold its personal insurance division to Allstate. That personal insurance company is now Encompass Insurance Company, a subsidiary of Allstate.
In 2002, CNA exited the life, group and reinsurance business.
On January 1, 2004, CNA sold its Group Benefits division to The Hartford, based in Hartford, Connecticut. The Hartford merged its new purchase with its own Group Benefits Division. With the sale of this division came the end of CNA's long history as a multi-line insurer.
In 2010, the company enters into an agreement with National Indemnity Co. (NICO), a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, under which all of CNA's legacy asbestos and environmental liabilities are transferred to NICO. (Source: Insurance Journal)
In 2011, CNA introduced the Customer Segment strategy, focusing on key customer segments — construction, financial institutions, healthcare, manufacturing, professional services, real estate (2014), technology and small business — and specialized monoline insurance products. CNA expands its digital presence in 2013 and its international footprint beginning in 2014.
In 2012, CNA entered the London market by buying "Hardys Underwriting" and re-branding it to CNA Hardy
From 1972 until 2018, CNA's headquarters was located at the CNA Center. In 2015, CNA made plans to move out of the CNA Center with plans to construct 151 North Franklin as its new headquarters. CNA relocated to 151 North Franklin in June 2018.
In February 2020, CNA announced the appointment of Al Miralles as the executive vice-president and chief financial officer. He succeeds James Anderson, who announced his resignation.
In March 2021, CNA was the target of a ransomware cyberattack. CNA paid more than $40 million in late March to regain control of its network after the ransomware attack. The Chicago-based company paid the hackers about two weeks after a trove of company data was stolen, and CNA officials were locked out of their network. In 2022, it was reported to be the largest disclosed ransomware payment at that time.
Corporate affairs.
Head Office Locations.
CNA Financial Corporation is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Its main offices are located in the CNA Center, a high-rise office building in the Loop community area of downtown Chicago that has long served as the company’s corporate headquarters.
In addition to its headquarters, CNA maintains regional offices across the United States and international offices in Canada, Europe, and Asia to support its insurance and reinsurance operations.
Financial performance.
The key financial trends for CNA Financial Corporation are based on fiscal years ending December 31:

</doc>
<doc id="7038506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038506" title="Chuck Green">
Chuck Green

Charles Green (November 6, 1919 – March 7, 1997) was an American tap dancer. Green was born in Fitzgerald, Georgia. He would stick bottle caps on his bare feet as a child and tap dance on the sidewalk for money. He won third place in a dance contest in 1925, in which Noble Sissle was the bandleader. Soon, Green would be touring the South tap dancing.
When he was nine he was brought to New York by a talent scout to study tap dancing. A famous talent agent, Nat Nazzaro, signed Green up as a client when he was just twelve years old. He and his childhood friend James Walker teamed up and called themselves "Shorty and Slim". Walker was a talented comic dancer and would be "Slim" to Green's "Shorty".
They changed their name to "Chuck and Chuckles," and played New York's Palace Theatre. Described as a modern Buck and Bubbles, Chuckles, an expert in legomania, played the vibes, while Green performed tap in a breathtaking yet gentle style of John Bubbles, whose protégé' he later became. Up until 1944, "Chuck and Chuckles" toured Europe, Australia, and the United States, performing in such venues as Radio City Music Hall, the Paramount, Apollo, and Capital theatres. Jobs were plentiful and they would double up on performances, averaging five stage shows a day, playing nightclubs until early morning, and touring nonstop with big bands across the country and abroad. In 1944, due to Green's stress, the team broke up and Green was committed to a mental institution where he stayed for fifteen years.
Upon his release in 1959, Green had become very introverted, but he could still dance. He quickly adapted to bebop and created his own style of tap dancing, experimenting with new harmonies and rhythmic patterns. He could easily ad-lib his dance numbers to the new music. He began performing again, on stage and on television.
He appeared at the Newport Jazz Festival on July 6, 1963, along with Honi Coles. Then, in 1964, Green faced tap dancer Groundhog in a tap challenge at the Village Vanguard. In 1969, Green appeared with members of Harlem's Hoofers Club for a series of "Tap Happenings" that were produced in New York City by Letitia Jay. Through the 1970s and 1980s, Green performed with the Copasetics. Honi Coles would introduce him as, "Chuck Green, the greatest tap dancer in the world." In 1979, Green was featured in the documentary film "No Maps on My Taps."
In 2003, Green was inducted into the Tap Dance Hall of Fame.
Chuck Green died on March 7, 1997, at the Oakridge Care Center in Oakland, Calif.,

</doc>
<doc id="7038518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038518" title="Conceptus Inc.">
Conceptus Inc.

Conceptus was an American medical products manufacturer and developer. Since 2013, it has been a fully owned subsidiary of Bayer AG of Germany.
History.
Founded in 1992, the corporation had its headquarters in Mountain View, California. The company began the development of micro-catheter and guidewire systems that allowed physicians to access and navigate the fallopian tubes using a non-incisional approach. While this technology was first used in products to diagnose or treat infertility, in 1998, the company focused on the design, development, and clinical testing of Essure, a non-incisional alternative to tubal ligation.
Essure showed promise by eliminating the cutting, clipping, and burning associated with tubal ligation. After clinical testing, Conceptus began marketing Essure commercially in Australia, Singapore, Europe, and Canada. In 2002, the US Food and Drug Administration approved the use of Essure in the United States.
On April 29, 2013, Bayer AG made a cash offer of $31.00 per share for Conceptus, a 20% premium to the company's stock market price, valuing it at $1.1bn. The deal was completed and closed on June 5, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="7038520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038520" title="Foodland Ontario">
Foodland Ontario

Foodland Ontario, founded in 1977, is a consumer promotion program for the government of Ontario. Foodland Ontario currently falls under the administration of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs in Ontario. Through market research, advertising campaigns, working with local farmers and reaching out to retail locations, Foodland Ontario's mission is to "spread the word about the great taste, nutrition and economic benefits of buying Ontario food to all people in Ontario".
General.
Foodland Ontario promotes produce (fruits and vegetables), meats, dairy products, honey and maple syrup, and processed foods made with Ontario grown food products.
Foodland Ontario is a long-established consumer promotion program of the Ontario Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs. From its inception in 1977, Foodland Ontario has partnered with producers to achieve the maximum penetration of the Ontario market by Ontario-produced fresh and processed agricultural products.
One of the main objectives of the program is to maintain consumer intent to purchase (Ontario) over 80%, thereby assisting Ontario producers to maximize their market share.
To achieve its market objective, Foodland communicates the benefits (economic and product characteristics) of Ontario food, encourages the purchase of Ontario food, co-ordinates promotion and research activities with producer organizations and industry stakeholders, and promotes the Ontario "brand." The target group for these strategies are the primary and secondary food purchasers in Ontario.
During the life of the Foodland program, the target market has evolved from the "principal grocery shopper" – mothers 25 to 49 years, to adults 25 to 64 years. The latter definition includes both males and females and reflects recent research that food buying is a shared activity – many households have two "principal grocery shoppers."
Advertising.
The program includes advertising campaigns that are designed to increase interest in, and demand for Ontario foods in the age 24-59 demographic.
There are two slogans used as part of the Foodland Ontario program. The slogan and musical jingle "Good Things Grow in Ontario" was introduced with the Foodland Ontario logo in 1977. The second slogan "Ontario... There's No Taste Like Home" was introduced in 1986 to promote the connection between local food and Ontarian values such as family, community, trust and support.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs, Foodland Ontario commercials reach more than 90% of the target audience including television, radio, billboard and print media campaigns. Food retailers such as grocery stores and farmer's markets display the logo to promote Ontario foods and capture niche markets for products such as health food. In 2011–12, over 700,000 copies of Foodland calendars and 250,000 copies of two Foodland cookbooks were distributed across the province.
Retailer awards.
Foodland Ontario offers a Retailer Awards Program that is designed to encourage vendors to display and promote Ontario foods. Different categories award retailers for different levels of merchandising including awards for seasonal displays, creative displays, cross-merchandised displays, and continued merchandising over set periods of time. Displays must be well stocked, clearly visible, have customer impact, and result in sales increases.

</doc>
<doc id="7038521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038521" title="KHDI">
KHDI



</doc>
