<doc id="6904863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904863" title="Oregon Trail Memorial half dollar">
Oregon Trail Memorial half dollar

The Oregon Trail Memorial half dollar was a fifty-cent piece struck intermittently by the United States Bureau of the Mint between 1926 and 1939. The coin was designed by Laura Gardin Fraser and James Earle Fraser, and commemorates those who traveled the Oregon Trail and settled the Pacific Coast of the United States in the mid-19th century. Struck over a lengthy period in small numbers per year, the many varieties produced came to be considered a ripoff by coin collectors, and led to the end, for the time, of the commemorative coin series.
Ohio-born Ezra Meeker had traveled the Trail with his family in 1852 and spent the final two decades of his long life before his death in 1928 publicizing the Oregon Trail, that it should not be forgotten. In 1926, at age 95, he appeared before a Senate committee, requesting that the government issue a commemorative coin that could be sold to raise money for markers to show where the Trail had been. The coin had originally been thought of by Idahoans, led by Dr. Minnie Howard, seeking to further preservation work at Fort Hall; Meeker broadened the idea. Congress authorized six million half dollars, and placed no restriction on when or at what mint the coins would be struck. Meeker's Oregon Trail Memorial Association (OTMA) had tens of thousands of pieces struck in 1926 and 1928, and did not sell them all. Nevertheless, most years between 1933 and 1939, it had small quantities of the half dollar coined, in some years from all three operating mints to produce mintmarked varieties, and raised prices considerably.
Collectors complained that some of the issues were controlled by coin dealers, and individual collectors had to pay high prices. Public protests followed, and in 1939 Congress ended the series. Despite the complaints, the OTMA had difficulty in selling the coins, and they remained available from the OTMA's successor organization as late as 1953. Just over 260,000 of the 6,000,000 authorized coins were struck, of which about 60,000 were melted. The US commemorative coin struck over the longest period, the Oregon Trail Memorial half dollar has been widely praised for its design.
Background.
In the middle years of the 19th century, before the completion of the transcontinental railroad in 1869 made travel easier, hundreds of thousands of people journeyed along the Oregon Trail to settle the Far West of the United States. Not all who began the journey reached their destination as there was much suffering and death along the way—by one estimate, 20,000 people lie in unmarked graves.
Ohio-born farmer Ezra Meeker (1830–1928) traveled the Oregon Trail in 1852; he and his young wife and infant child went by ox-drawn wagon from Iowa to Oregon Territory. In his old age, he came to believe that the Oregon Trail, and the sacrifice of those who had died along it, were being forgotten. Amid considerable publicity as one of the last survivors of the pioneers who had blazed the way west, Meeker retraced his route along the Trail between 1906 and 1908. The Trail had in some places disappeared, swallowed up by town and farm, and in his journeys, he sought to find where he had passed, seeking to have historical markers erected. He took his ox team and wagon across the nation to publicize his cause, parking his rig in front of the White House where he met President Theodore Roosevelt. In New York, he crossed the Brooklyn Bridge. In 1910, he and his oxen participated in the Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena. In the succeeding years, he traveled the route by oxcart, automobile, and, at age 93 in 1924, airplane, attempting to further his cause, and seeking federal recognition and funding for his efforts.
Inception.
The Oregon Trail Memorial half dollar stemmed from various efforts by Idahoans who favored the preservation of the site of Fort Hall, an important way station on the Trail. The idea was sparked by the issuance of the 1925 Stone Mountain Memorial half dollar, which caused Mabel Murphy, wife of an Idaho newspaperman, to propose to her husband the striking of an Oregon Trail coin, the profits from which could be used for historic preservation. Her husband, D.T. Murphy, on April 16, 1925, dutifully published an editorial, "Oregon Trail Covered Wagon Half Dollars" in the "Idaho State Journal". Mrs. Murphy would not live to see the coin issued, dying November 30, 1925, of tuberculosis.
The idea for the coin was brought up again when civic activists in Pocatello, Idaho, led by Dr. Minnie Howard, sought ideas for funding a monument on the site of Fort Hall. Insurance salesman F.C. McGowan displayed a Stone Mountain piece, "Yes. Coinage. Like this!" Howard and her colleagues pursued the idea. Meeker did as well once he heard of it, forming the Oregon Trail Memorial Association, ("OTMA" or "the Association") a national organization, which could also receive the half dollars, and sell them at a profit.
By 1925, Congress was reluctant to authorize more commemorative coins; twelve pieces had been issued between 1920 and 1925, and many legislators felt that coins were being allowed that "commemorate[d] events of local and not national interest". The entire mintages of commemoratives were sold at face value to the sponsoring organizations designated in the authorizing acts. These groups then sold the coins to the public at a premium, thus raising money for causes that Congress had deemed worthy. Made cautious by a series of unsuccessful issues, Congress rejected a number of proposals for special coins in early 1926. Among these were pieces to honor the completion of the Lincoln and Victory Highways, and a proposal to commemorate the centennial of the birth of American composer Stephen Foster.
The bill authorizing the Oregon Trail Memorial half dollar was first introduced in the House of Representatives on January 25, 1926, by Washington Congressman John Franklin Miller, who had previously been mayor of Seattle. Meeker was living in Seattle while Miller was mayor, having moved from his previous home in Puyallup. According to local historian Bert Webber in his 1986 monograph on the coin, "there is little doubt that Mr. Miller was influenced to propose this coin by Ezra Meeker." A hearing was held before the House Coinage Committee on March 3; Meeker testified. The bill was reported favorably, and then passed by the full House on April 5, 1926. The bill was not opposed in the House of Representatives, though one member, Michigan Congressman Louis Cramton, asked several questions before it passed by unanimous consent. According to an October 2013 article in "The Numismatist", "Congress was no match for Meeker".
On April 26, 1926, the 95-year-old Meeker appeared before the Senate's Committee on Banking and Currency. Treasury Secretary Andrew W. Mellon had filed a letter opposing commemorative coin issues, except those of national importance. Meeker, in his testimony, argued that the Trail issue would be of such importance. The OTMA board considered whether to seek amendment of the bill to the alternative suggested by Mellon, a commemorative medal. In part because of Howard's urging, they decided to stay with the coin. The bill for the half dollar was reported without recommendation, but was passed by the Senate on May 10. Meeker met with President Calvin Coolidge to ensure it would be signed, which it was on May 17, 1926, as Public Law 325, authorizing the issuance of up to 6,000,000 half dollars. President Calvin Coolidge signed the bill on the White House lawn; Meeker was present at the signing ceremony and was photographed shaking hands with President Coolidge.
The bill required that the Association pay for the half dollars at par, and that the dies and other costs of preparation not be at the expense of the United States. The figure of six million was the largest in American commemorative history, exceeding the five million for the Stone Mountain issue. Congress placed no restriction on which mint should strike the coins, and did not put a time limit on the authorization. According to numismatists Anthony Swiatek and Walter Breen in their encyclopedia of US commemoratives, the bill passed "possibly because the stated purpose was nationalistic rather than obscurely local". Coin dealer and author Q. David Bowers states that "on the surface the motivation seemed to be good enough ... doubtless many American citizens had family ties to the famous migration".
Preparation.
Meeker wanted the new half dollars struck as quickly as possible; he was planning another journey west on the Trail, and wanted to be able to sell the coins along the way. The Association initially contacted Chester Beach, credited with the design of the 1923 Monroe Doctrine Centennial half dollar, to sculpt the new coin, but he was unavailable, though he prepared sketches.
The OTMA tried to reach agreement with Gutzon Borglum, designer of the Stone Mountain piece, but he wanted too much money and time. Ulric Stonewall Jackson Dunbar, who had played a minor role in the Columbian half dollar of 1892–93, was willing, but lacked the national reputation the Association felt the coin's sculptor needed. After receiving suggestions from the American Numismatic Society, the Association turned to the husband-and-wife team of James Earle Fraser and Laura Gardin Fraser. James Fraser had designed the Buffalo nickel; Laura Gardin Fraser had created several commemorative coins, including the Grant Centennial dollar and half dollar. It chose the Frasers at the urging of Minnie Howard, who felt that James Fraser's work dealt with the West, and might make manifest, in his coin design, the importance of the migration by covered wagon. The Association determined upon a design concept of a map showing the Oregon Trail on one side, and on the other a man leading an ox-drawn wagon, with his wife and infant child riding. Although he is not formally commemorated by the coin, the man was meant to be Meeker, and the wagon was based on a photograph of the one he took east in 1906.
Design.
James Fraser designed the "wagon" "side" while Laura Fraser designed the "Indian side" and converted both into relief models. Meeker pestered Laura Fraser to complete the modeling, as he wanted the half dollars available for sale at an upcoming event. She completed the work by July 30, 1926, when she wrote to enquire where she should send the designs for endorsement by the Commission of Fine Arts. This body since 1921 had been tasked with advising the Secretary of the Treasury on coinage design. She sent photographs of her models to the commission's offices. On August 5, 1926, commission chairman Charles Moore responded enthusiastically, informing her that not only had the commission endorsed the designs, but they were having the prints framed for their meeting room. To save time, the hubs from which coinage dies could be prepared were made by the Medallic Art Company of New York, which had made reductions from plaster models to hubs for several commemorative issues. The resulting hubs were sent to the Philadelphia Mint, where working dies for the issue were made. A compass rose on the Indian side, included in Laura Fraser's models, does not appear on the issued coin, though the reason for the change is not known.
The "wagon side" designed by James Fraser depicts a Conestoga wagon drawn by two oxen, heading into an extremely large setting sun, with resplendent rays. The designers' initials appear behind the wagon; five stars appear below the vehicle, though what they represent is uncertain. Swiatek and Breen suggested that they represent five states and territories through which pioneers would have passed.
The "Indian side" designed by Laura Fraser features a dramatically rendered Native American, standing erect with outstretched arm in what Vermeule describes as a gesture of peace. The Indian was added by the Frasers to the original map design concept endorsed by the OTMA. Swiatek and Breen noted that the Indian's "position has been irreverently compared to that of a traffic policeman demanding 'Halt!' " Such statements were made from the time of issue; "The Numismatist" in November 1926 stated that the Indian's left hand "is upraised as if warning the people of the East of the perils and hardship of the Trail". Meeker's 1928 obituary in "The New York Times" averred that the Indian was "standing with hands upraised to stop the white man's progress westward". The Native American wears a headdress, has a blanket and bow, and is superimposed on a map of the United States, with a line of Conestoga wagons heading west. The design is carried to the rim of the coin; Hudson Bay is visible in the upper right.
The Frasers' design for the half dollar has been widely admired. Swiatek and Breen deemed the issue "one of the greatest artistic triumphs ever to be released by the Mint". Numismatic historian Don Taxay called the coin "the most beautiful as well as the most truly 'American' U.S. coin. It testifies to the fact that authentic genius, even when trammeled by the necessities of a modern, mechanical mint, can transform our coinage into a work of art."
Production.
Initial release.
According to Webber, "during the final stages of manufacture, [Meeker] kept heckling the mint to 'hurry up' ". The Philadelphia Mint struck 48,000 pieces in September 1926, plus 30 reserved for inspection by the 1927 United States Assay Commission. Meeker peddled them along his route at $1 each. The difference between the face value and the sale price was to pay the cost for historical markers along the Trail, and to renovate the Whitman Mission in Washington state. The 1926 piece was later dubbed by the Association the "Ezra Meeker Issue". The first piece struck was presented to Meeker; its whereabouts are not known, while the second, presented to Howard, rests in the Idaho State Historical Museum.
With the initial quantity committed (75 pieces were returned to the mint, most likely because they were damaged or misstruck), the Association requested that more pieces be produced. A hundred thousand were coined at the San Francisco Mint in October and November, bearing the mint mark S (1926-S). The Oregon Trail Memorial half dollar thus became the first commemorative coin struck at multiple mints; Bowers notes that this set "a precedent which would be expanded and abused in the years to come". According to Swiatek and Breen, "the Association ... [was] expecting that the collectors who bought 1926 Philadelphia coins would turn out in similar or greater numbers for the second variety". Although a few thousand quickly sold, the market for the half dollars proved saturated, and tens of thousands remained at the mint pending payment. On December 29, 1926, Meeker celebrated his 96th birthday in New York; he was presented with 96 Oregon Trail Memorial half dollars by the Association.
Despite the many unsold 1926-S half dollars still in the government's hands, the Association sought the issuance of 1927-dated half dollars; this was refused by the Treasury Department (of which the Bureau of the Mint was a part) due to the backlog. In 1928, 50,000 more were struck at the Philadelphia Mint. Meeker continued his exploits: he was presented with 97 coins on his birthday in December 1927 by the Association and brought his half dollars to the visitor's gallery of the New York Stock Exchange, though he was refused permission to go onto the floor. In April 1928, Meeker wrote to the American Numismatic Association, urging its coin-collecting members to purchase both the 1926 and 1926-S pieces. Nevertheless, although Meeker organized a national campaign to sell the coins, the OTMA lost $10,000 by his efforts, due to office and other expenses. "The aged pioneer did not appear to be that good with money".
Meeker was given a truck chassis and money to modify it into a wagon-topped vehicle by Henry Ford in 1928 for yet another Trail trip. Ford offered to make the vehicle more comfortable for Meeker if he brought it to the Ford factory in Dearborn, Michigan. Accordingly, when he left New York in August 1928 on another journey, planning to sell half dollars along the way, he headed directly for Michigan. He arrived ill, and was hospitalized, almost dying there. He was able to return home, disgruntled at having missed voting in the election (he supported the successful Republican candidate, Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover, for president) for the first time since 1853. At his home in Washington state, Meeker again became ill in November, and died December 3, 1928, aged 97. He was buried in a cemetery in Puyallup, a place he had helped settle. Meeker's headstone bears a plaque reproducing the wagon side of the half dollar.
Reissue.
After Meeker's death, the OTMA selected Howard R. Driggs, a professor of English education at New York University as his successor, and elected a new board of directors, which worked to clear the debt Meeker had accrued. Coins on hand continued to be sold. It was able to persuade President Hoover to proclaim the Covered Wagon Centennial in 1930, the hundredth anniversary both of Meeker's birth and of the first wagon train leaving St. Louis for the Oregon country. One means of selling coins the Association devised was a campus-wide drive at Yale University, alma mater of Association executive director Lorne W. Buckley, in October 1930 to raise money for Trail markers. More than 600 coins were sold.
Most 1928 Oregon Trail Memorial half dollars remained in the hands of the Treasury for several years after their striking, though the Association purchased an estimated 1,000 for sale to the public. This impoundment by the government generated interest in the coin collecting community—several letters to the editor appeared in "The Numismatist", enquiring as to the coins' fate. One collector followed up with the Philadelphia Mint; Acting Superintendent Fred H. Chaffin replied that the coins were being held there for the Association, and were dated 1928. The OTMA had a financial crisis in 1931, and was planning to close its doors, but operations continued, with headquarters moved from its Manhattan office to Driggs's home in Bayside, Queens. The Association marketed the 1928 coins as the "Jedediah Smith Issue".
In early 1933, Driggs sought the issuance of more half dollars on behalf of the OTMA, writing to the acting Mint Director, Mary Margaret O'Reilly. and then to Treasury Secretary William H. Woodin. Driggs wanted 5,000 of the 1928 and 5,000 new half dollars struck at Denver (1933-D), proposing to exchange 10,000 half dollars dated 1926. All the coins held by the government, including those acquired by the exchange, were to be melted. This was approved, and the pieces were duly struck at the Denver Mint, the first commemorative coins ever struck at Denver.
The Association had turned to the Scott Stamp and Coin Company of New York to market the coins. Scott was able to sell some of the 1928 half dollars. These actions have been interpreted negatively by numismatic scholars: Q. David Bowers alleges that Scott's representative, Wayte Raymond, proposed melting most of the issue to create an artificial scarcity, and that the company "desired to capitalize on the gullibility of collectors and their need to complete sets by having more varieties coined. Scott figured that if additional Oregon Trail half dollars could be minted with the date 1933 they could be sold effectively at the Century of Progress Exposition held that year in Chicago." Swiatek and Breen noted, "through God only knows what manner of political manipulation, the Oregon Trail Memorial Association managed to obtain approval of a new 1933 Denver issue" for sale at the exposition.
A total of 5,250 of the 1933-D were struck, of which approximately five were reserved for the Assay Commission and 242 were eventually returned for melting. Bowers believes that the returned pieces were likely defective, rather than unsold. The Association dubbed the 1933-D the "Century of Progress Exposition Issue"; both the 1928 and the 1933-D half dollars were sold for $2 each. However, the 1928 could be obtained for $1.75 by anyone who had recently bought two or more of the 1926 issues, and could be purchased for as little as $1.10 each by purchasing 10 of the 1926-dated coins.
With the relative success of the 1933-D issue, the Association ordered 7,000 more in 1934, also struck at Denver. These were dubbed the "Fort Hall, Fort Laramie and Jason Lee Issue" and were also sold by Scott, for $2. These also were not paid for by the OTMA, but were an exchange for 1926-S half dollars—the distribution figure of 83,055 for the 1926-S equals 100,000 for the OTMA plus 55 assay pieces minus 17,000 returned in exchange for the 1933-D and 1934-D pieces.
The resurrected Oregon Trail issue became controversial in the collecting community, with a large number of coin clubs passing resolutions against the reissues; the president of the American Numismatic Association called for commemorative coins to be sold only by the Mint, not by private organizations. Driggs protested against the resolutions, copies of which were sent to federal authorities. Nevertheless, the 1935-S pieces he had requested of the Mint, and dies for which were prepared, were never struck, perhaps because of the indignation of collectors. Other reasons have been postulated for the lack of an issue in 1935: in a 1937 monograph quoted by Bowers, early coin dealer B. Max Mehl speculated that it took Scott two years to dispose of the 1934-D pieces.
Final issues and termination.
Beginning in 1934, organizations and individuals saw small-mintage commemoratives, struck at multiple mints over the course of years, as an opportunity for profit. Congress authorized several issues in 1934, including the Texas Centennial half dollar, meant to honor the centennial of Texas Independence in 1936, but struck from 1934 to 1938, after 1934 at all three mints each year. More new commemoratives followed in 1935, and over 20 in 1936. These issues included the Cincinnati Musical Center half dollar, issued to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Cincinnati as a center of music, although nothing out of the ordinary is known to have taken place in that city's musical life in 1886.
Numismatist Arlie R. Slabaugh, in his volume on US commemorative coins, discussed the marketing practices of the 1930s:
On December 30, 1935, Driggs wrote to O'Reilly, who with the appointment of Nellie Tayloe Ross as Mint Director had resumed her position as Assistant Mint Director, seeking the issuance of 5,000 Oregon Trail coins to be struck at San Francisco (1936-S) to celebrate the centennial of the arrival of missionary Marcus Whitman and his wife in the Walla Walla Valley. O'Reilly and other officials did not immediately answer and Driggs wrote again in March 1936, Chaffin, again acting superintendent at Philadelphia, responded that the dies had been prepared and sent to San Francisco. The coins were sent at Driggs' request to Scott's in New York. In May, Driggs asked that 10,000 more be struck at Philadelphia, and this was done. These were sold at the height of the commemorative coin boom. Some of the 1936 and 1936-S pieces were sold by Scott, others by the Association through a New York City mail drop, in either case at an initial price of $1.60 per half dollar. Six each of the 1936 and 1936-S were struck in addition to the requested quantities, for assay.
In June 1936, Herbert G. West, head of the Whitman Centennial Celebration, wrote to Driggs informing him that his group had sought and failed to gain (unusually for 1936) a commemorative half dollar to finance its activities. West wanted Driggs to order a special issue of the Oregon Trail commemorative for the Whitman organization to sell. Driggs was non-committal, first telling West that he hoped they might still be successful in gaining their own half dollar, and then that a special issue would be difficult to get as the mints had shut down for the summer. He eventually agreed to give the Whitman group a thousand 1936-S half dollars, on condition they not be sold for less than $1.60 so as not to undercut the OTMA's sales efforts. In fact, Driggs suggested a sale price of $2, which was what the Whitman organization sold them for. These were dubbed the "Whitman Centennial Issue", or the "Whitman Mission Issue". Most of the 1936 pieces struck at Philadelphia were sold by the means of a mailing to Scott's customer list. Some portion of each of the issues between 1933 and 1937 were reserved for sale by patriotic organizations.
The 1937 issue was distributed only by the Association as the deal with Scott had been ended. A total of 12,000 pieces (plus eight for the Assay Commission) were struck at Denver, and were sold at $1.60. No special name was given to the issue. Coin dealer Mehl wondered in 1937, "the 1936 Philadelphia Mint coin is now retailing at $5 and the San Francisco Mint at $10. Where will this thing stop? I don't know."
The 1938 coins, again without a special name, were struck at all three mints, the first time that had been done for the Oregon Trail coins in one year. Six thousand (plus pieces for the Assay Commission) were struck at each mint, and the issue was sold in sets of three, for $6.25. The same practice was followed in 1939, but the price was raised to $7.50 a set and the mintage reduced to 3,000 coins, plus the assay pieces. According to Swiatek and Breen, these sets were also bought up by speculators, and individual collectors often had to pay double or triple the issue price to secure a set. The coins did not sell out instantly; the OTMA's accounting records reveal that nine months after the 1938 coins were put on sale, the organization still had almost half the issue available. Similarly, by October 1939, the Association had sold only 8,283 half dollars dated that year, less than the 9,000 available for sale. Nevertheless, collectors sent letters of protest to congressmen and to the Treasury Department. On August 5, 1939, Congress acted, passing legislation that put an end to all commemorative issues authorized before March 1939. Swiatek and Breen observed that if Congress had not intervened, "there would probably be Oregon Trail coins dated 1980".
A total of 264,419 Oregon Trail Memorial half dollars were struck, of which approximately 174 were intended for the Assay Commission, and 61,317 were melted. Accordingly, a total of 202,928 were issued to the public. The Oregon Trail Memorial half dollar was the commemorative coin struck for the longest period. According to R.S. Yeoman's 2018 deluxe edition of "A Guide Book of United States Coins", the cheapest Oregon Trail coins are the 1926 and 1926-S at $135 in Almost Uncirculated. The 1939 pieces are listed only as a set and in Mint State condition (uncirculated), beginning at $1,350.
Aftermath.
The Oregon Trail Memorial Association became part of the newly formed American Pioneer Trails Association (APTA) in 1940, a group meant to be broader in scope than the OTMA. A 1942 joint financial statement of both organizations reveals that it still held 7,212 half dollars. It was selling 1936 and 1937-D half dollars in 1943. A letter to the editor in the September 1943 issue of "The Numismatist" stated that the group was selling the pieces at $5 to finance stakes made of Oregon wood with which to mark the Trail. The sum of five dollars, which included membership, paid for a coin at a time, the letter noted, when the pieces were selling at $1.50 from dealers.
Minnie Howard was still in 1947 trying to secure the site of Fort Hall, and as part of that effort got Idaho Senator Henry Dworshak to introduce legislation allowing the issuance of more Oregon Trail half dollars to benefit Howard's Idaho organization. No sooner had he done so, on February 26, than President Harry Truman announced his opposition to various coin bills that had been introduced. Acting Treasury Secretary E.F. Foley wrote in opposition, tracing the history between the OTMA and the Treasury Department, "Coins were ordered to be minted and left in the mints". The Banking Committee opposed the bill, and it failed. According to a November 2014 article in "The Numismatist", "With the efforts in the 1940s, the Oregon Trail half dollar, having seen its sunrise in Pocatello, met its sunset there as well."
Driggs led the APTA until his death at age 89 in 1963, but it became less active in his final years. He retained at least some half dollars, notifying the Mint in 1953 that the APTA was the successor to the OTMA, and still had half dollars for sale. After his death, over fifty Oregon Trail half dollars were found among his effects. Other groups have carried the APTA's missions of Trail preservation and the building of monuments. In 1963, two years before Howard's death, the City of Pocatello erected a replica of Fort Hall in a park. The actual site, however, remains undeveloped, with an inconspicuous marker.
No commemorative coins were struck between 1939 and 1945. When authorizations resumed after the war, issues in honor of Booker T. Washington and George Washington Carver were sold, in some years, in low-mintage sets of coins from all three mints. After 1954, when the last such pieces were struck, the Treasury Department did not again support a non-circulating commemorative until 1982, when a half dollar in honor of the 250th anniversary of the birth of George Washington was issued. The Washington half dollar was distributed by the Mint, with profits applied to the reduction of the national debt. Bowers writes, "this time around, [striking of commemorative coins] would not be on behalf of private or local interests".
In the past, numismatic writers have described the Association and its activities harshly. Bowers states that the Oregon Trail coins "are beautiful, but circumstances surrounding their issuance leave much to be desired". Slabaugh noted that "Artistically, this is my favorite commemorative coin. But from an ethical standpoint, it is not." Swiatek and Breen wrote that the Association's "activities in exploiting coin collectors and the general public eventually led to the unpopularity of commemoratives in Congress and ultimately to adamant Treasury Department opposition to any further commemorative issues, no matter how worthy the cause to be memorialized, no matter who represented the sponsoring commissions". According to Bowers, "as far as I know, the financial benefits which provided the reason for issuing the half dollars, 'to rescue the various important points along the old trail from oblivion,' to erect 'suitable monuments, memorial and otherwise,' etc., never came to pass, at least not from money provided by the sale of the coins." These, however, did not have the benefit of examining OTMA records. Following the opening of Driggs's papers for research at Southern Utah University, an October 2013 article in "The Numismatist" concluded that though many documents, such as the arrangements with Scott's, are missing from his records, what there is "seems consistent with Driggs wanting to use the coins to finance the marking of the Oregon Trail, not to line his own pockets".
Mintages.
A small number of coins from each year and mint were put aside for inspection by the following year's Assay Commission; the above figures include such pieces. This accounts for the variance from the even thousand mintages in 1933 and after.
References and bibliography.
Books
Other sources

</doc>
<doc id="6904864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904864" title="Dreamgirlz">
Dreamgirlz



</doc>
<doc id="6904865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904865" title="Nochiyaya">
Nochiyaya



</doc>
<doc id="6904867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904867" title="Eustace Edward Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes">
Eustace Edward Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes



</doc>
<doc id="6904870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904870" title="Alejibre">
Alejibre



</doc>
<doc id="6904876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904876" title="Chimaki">
Chimaki



</doc>
<doc id="6904877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904877" title="Winkel ZH">
Winkel ZH



</doc>
<doc id="6904885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904885" title="Digimon Battle Pets">
Digimon Battle Pets



</doc>
<doc id="6904890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904890" title="International Center for Religion &amp; Diplomacy">
International Center for Religion &amp; Diplomacy

The International Center for Religion and Diplomacy (ICRD) is a Washington, D.C.–based non-profit organization dedicated to resolving identity-based conflicts that exceed the reach of traditional diplomacy by incorporating religion as part of the solution. Acting as a bridge between religion and politics, ICRD's mission statement is: "ICRD's mission is to Bridge Religious Considerations with Global Peacebuilding Policy and Practice."
ICRD was established in 2000 by Dr. Douglas Johnston, a Naval officer and a man of deep Christian faith. The organization focuses on addressing the root causes of identity-based conflict and violent extremism. ICRD's guiding principles are drawn from Dr. Johnston's influential works on navigating religion and diplomacy, including "Religion, the Missing Dimension of Statecraft", "Faith-based Diplomacy: Trumping Realpolitik", and "Religion, Terror, and Error: U.S. Foreign Policy and the Challenge of Spiritual Engagement". These publications explore the positive role that religious or spiritual factors can play in preventing or resolving conflicts while promoting social change based on justice and reconciliation. In 2008, Dr. Johnston was recognized as "The Father of Faith-based Diplomacy" by Christianity Today, a leading Christian journal.
Programs and diplomatic work.
Since its establishment in 1998, the International Center for Religion and Diplomacy (ICRD) has conducted over 90 distinct programs and diplomatic efforts. Notable examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="6904892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904892" title="Yūbari-class destroyer escort">
Yūbari-class destroyer escort

The "Yūbari"-class destroyer escort (or frigate) of the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force is the successor of the . "Yubari" was named after the experimental light cruiser of the 1920s–1930s, which served in (and was lost during) World War II.
Description.
This class was the extended version of its predecessor, . The displacement was slightly increased, and some improvements were introduced. But they were almost same and there were many points in common as follows:
Both ships of this class were deployed at the Ominato District Force (home-ported at Mutsu, Aomori). The Ominato District is the northernmost district of the JMSDF and forefront against the Russian Pacific Fleet. Originally it had been planned to build six of this class (1985 Mid-Term Defense Buildup Program). However it was decided that this class was too small to continue in production, so it was succeeded by the with an entirely new design.

</doc>
<doc id="6904893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904893" title="Volga German Republic">
Volga German Republic



</doc>
<doc id="6904896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904896" title="Oliver Wendel Holmes">
Oliver Wendel Holmes



</doc>
<doc id="6904898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904898" title="Carnmoney Primary School">
Carnmoney Primary School



</doc>
<doc id="6904899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904899" title="Brain Fever">
Brain Fever



</doc>
<doc id="6904900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904900" title="Asheron">
Asheron



</doc>
<doc id="6904902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904902" title="Emission inventory">
Emission inventory

An emission inventory (or emissions inventory) is an accounting of the amount of pollutants discharged into the atmosphere. An emission inventory usually contains the total emissions for one or more specific greenhouse gases or air pollutants, originating from all source categories in a certain geographical area and within a specified time span, usually a specific year.
An emission inventory is generally characterized by the following aspects:
Emission inventories are compiled for both scientific applications and for use in policy processes.
Use.
Emissions and releases to the environment are the starting point of every environmental pollution problem. Information on emissions therefore is an absolute requirement in understanding environmental problems and in monitoring progress towards solving these. Emission inventories provide this type of information.
Emission inventories are developed for a variety of purposes:
Policy use.
Two more or less independent types of emission reporting schemes have been developed:
Examples of the first are the annual emission inventories as reported to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) for greenhouse gases and to the UNECE Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution (LRTAP) for air pollutants. In the United States, a national emissions inventory is published annually by the United States Environmental Protection Agency. This inventory is called the "National Emissions Inventory", and can be found here: 
Examples of the second are the so-called Pollutant Release and Transfer Registers.
Policy users typically are interested in annual total emission only.
Scientific use.
Air quality models need input to describe all air pollution sources in the study area. Air emission inventories provide this type of information. Depending on the spatial and temporal resolution of the models, the spatial and temporal resolution of the inventories frequently has to be increased beyond what is available from national emission inventories as reported to the international conventions and protocols.
Compilation.
For each of the pollutants in the inventory emissions are typically estimated by multiplying the intensity of each relevant activity ('activity rate') in the geographical area and time span with a pollutant dependent proportionality constant ('emission factor').
Why: the source categories.
To compile an emission inventory, all sources of the pollutants must be identified and quantified. Frequently used source categorisations are
Both source categorisations make a clear distinction between sources related to the combustion of (fossil) fuels and those that are not caused by combustion. In most cases the specific fuel combusted in the former is added to the source definition. Source categories include:
Many researchers and research projects use their own source classifications, sometimes based on either the IPCC or the SNAP source categories, but in most cases the source categories listed above will be included.
What: the pollutants.
Emission inventories have been developed and still are being developed for two major groups of pollutants:
Where: geographical resolution.
Typically national inventories provide data summed at the national territory only. In some cases additional information on major industrial stacks ('point sources') is available. Stacks are also called release points, because not all emissions come from stacks. Other industrial sources include fugitive emissions, which cannot be attributed to any single release point.
Some inventories are compiled from sub-national entities such as states and counties (in the U.S.), which can provide additional spatial resolution.
In scientific applications, where higher resolutions are needed, geographical information such as population densities, land use or other data can provide tools to disaggregate the national level emissions to the required resolution, matching the geographical resolution of the model.
When: temporal resolution.
Similarly, national emission inventories provide total emissions in a specific year, based on national statistics. In some model applications higher temporal resolutions are needed, for instance when modelling air quality problems related to road transport. In such cases data on time dependent traffic intensities (rush hours, weekends and working days, summer and winter driving patterns, etc.) can be used to establish the required higher temporal resolution.
Inventories compiled from Continuous Emissions Monitors (CEMs) can provide hourly emissions data.
How: methodology to compile an emission inventory.
The European Environment Agency updated in 2007 the third edition of the inventory guidebook. The guidebook is prepared by the UNECE/EMEP Task Force on Emission Inventories and Projections and provides a detailed guide to the atmospheric emissions inventory methodology.
Especially for Road Transport the European Environment Agency finances COPERT 4, a software program to calculate emissions which will be included in official annual national inventories.
Quality.
The quality of an emission inventory depends on its use. In policy applications, the inventory should comply with all what has been decided under the relevant convention. Both the UNFCCC and LRTAP conventions require an inventory to follow the quality criteria below (see):
A well constructed inventory should include enough documentation and other data to allow readers and users to understand the underlying assumptions and to assess its usability in an intended application.

</doc>
<doc id="6904903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904903" title="Gibson Les Paul Swamp Ash Studio">
Gibson Les Paul Swamp Ash Studio



</doc>
<doc id="6904904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904904" title="Sir John Warren, 1st Baronet">
Sir John Warren, 1st Baronet



</doc>
<doc id="6904919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904919" title="Monclova Christian Academy">
Monclova Christian Academy

Monclova Christian Academy is a private Christian school in Monclova, Ohio, United States, southwest of Toledo. It is a ministry of Monclova Road Baptist Church.
Monclova Christian Academy was founded in 1999.
In 2008, a preschool class was added to the academy.

</doc>
<doc id="6904921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904921" title="Lawrence Rosen (attorney)">
Lawrence Rosen (attorney)

Lawrence Rosen (also Larry Rosen) is an American attorney and computer specialist. He is a founding partner of Rosenlaw &amp; Einschlag, a Californian technology law firm, specializing in intellectual property protection, licensing and business transactions for technology companies. He also served as general counsel and secretary of the Open Source Initiative, and participates in open source foundations and projects, such as the Python Software Foundation, and the Free Standards Group.
Rosen was a lecturer in law at Stanford Law School in Spring 2006. He is the author of the Academic Free License and the Open Software License. He is a member of the board of the Open Web Foundation. Rosen was a director of the Apache Software Foundation from July 2011 to March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6904933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904933" title="Eberhard I of Friuli">
Eberhard I of Friuli



</doc>
<doc id="6904937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904937" title="67th World Science Fiction Convention">
67th World Science Fiction Convention

The 67th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as Anticipation, was held on 6–10 August 2009 at the Palais des congrès de Montréal in Montréal, Québec, Canada.
The organising committee was co-chaired by René Walling and Robbie Bourget.
This convention was also the 2009 Canvention, and therefore presented the Prix Aurora Awards.
This was the fifth Worldcon to be held in Canada, and the first one to be held in an officially French-speaking city.
Awards.
A number of notable science fiction and fantasy awards were presented at Anticipation.
2009 Hugo Awards.
Anticipation was the first Worldcon to include a category for graphic story on the Hugo ballot. The category filled with six nominations due to a tie for fifth place.
The 2009 Hugo Award statue base was designed by Seattle-based artist Dave Howell.
Prix Aurora Awards.
This Worldcon being also the 2009 Canvention, it awarded the Prix Aurora Awards. They are given out annually for the best Canadian science fiction and fantasy literary works, artworks, and fan activities from that year, and are awarded in both English and French.
Sidewise Awards.
The Sidewise Award for Alternate History recognizes the best alternate history stories and novels of the year.
Future site selection.
Worldcon.
In uncontested elections, the members of Anticipation selected Reno, Nevada, as the host city for the 69th World Science Fiction Convention, "Renovation", to be held in 2011; and Raleigh, North Carolina, as the host city for the 10th North American Science Fiction Convention (NASFiC), ReConStruction, to be held in 2010.
Canvention.
The Canadian Science Fiction and Fantasy Association selected Winnipeg, Manitoba, as the location of Canvention 2010 and the 30th Prix Aurora Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="6904942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904942" title="Built Too Long Parts 1, 2 &amp; 3">
Built Too Long Parts 1, 2 &amp; 3



</doc>
<doc id="6904947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904947" title="The Jerusalem Times">
The Jerusalem Times

The Jerusalem Times was a Palestinian newspaper founded by the BILADI Publishing Co. in 1994. The "Jerusalem Times" also maintained an internet edition, jerusalem-times.net

</doc>
<doc id="6904949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904949" title="Joaquín &quot;Chapo&quot; Guzmán">
Joaquín &quot;Chapo&quot; Guzmán



</doc>
<doc id="6904950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904950" title="Hazy (disambiguation)">
Hazy (disambiguation)

Hazy refers to a state of haze.
Hazy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6904963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904963" title="U.S. Highway 45 (Michigan)">
U.S. Highway 45 (Michigan)



</doc>
<doc id="6904969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904969" title="Todessehnsucht">
Todessehnsucht

Todessehnsucht is the second studio album by the heavy metal band Atrocity. It was released in 1992. At the time the band still played death metal with a technical edge.
History.
The album was released in some countries with the title "Longing for Death", which is a translation of the original German title. The album was released in 1992 by Roadrunner Records.
The final track on the album, "Archangel", is a cover of Death; however the lyrics are re-written as the original ones are not available.

</doc>
<doc id="6904973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904973" title="Ismael Zambada">
Ismael Zambada



</doc>
<doc id="6904975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904975" title="Lie for a Lie">
Lie for a Lie



</doc>
<doc id="6904976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904976" title="Hamo">
Hamo



</doc>
<doc id="6904978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904978" title="Mesalands Community College">
Mesalands Community College

Mesalands Community College, is a public community college in Tucumcari, New Mexico. It is also the home of the North American Wind Research and Training Center and the Mesalands Stampede Intercollegiate Rodeo Team.
Originally known as Tucumcari Area Vocational School, it was established in 1979.
Collaboration with Sandia National Laboratories.
On April 14, 2009, Mesalands Community College and Sandia National Laboratories signed a memorandum of understanding allowing the college's North American Wind Research and Training Center and the lab to collaborate on such projects as turbine operations and maintenance, reliability of turbine components, and repair methods. It is the first memo of its kind between a national laboratory and a two-year college.

</doc>
<doc id="6904981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904981" title="Nowhere Nothin' Fuckup">
Nowhere Nothin' Fuckup



</doc>
<doc id="6904982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904982" title="Ms Dynamite">
Ms Dynamite



</doc>
<doc id="6904984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904984" title="Digimon Card Game">
Digimon Card Game



</doc>
<doc id="6904985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904985" title="10th Circuit Court of Appeals">
10th Circuit Court of Appeals



</doc>
<doc id="6904987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904987" title="Virtual heritage">
Virtual heritage

Virtual heritage or cultural heritage and technology is the body of works dealing with information and communication technologies and their application to cultural heritage, such as "virtual archaeology". It aims to restore ancient cultures as real (virtual) environments where users can immerse.
Virtual heritage and cultural heritage have independent meanings: "cultural heritage" refers to sites, monuments, buildings and objects "with historical, aesthetic, archaeological, scientific, ethnological or anthropological value", whereas "virtual heritage" refers to instances of these within a technological domain, usually involving computer visualization of artefacts or virtual reality environments.
First use.
The first use of virtual heritage as a museum exhibit, and the derivation of the name virtual tour, was in 1994 as a museum visitor interpretation, providing a 'walk-through' of a 3D reconstruction of Dudley Castle in England as it was in 1550.
This consisted of a computer controlled laserdisc based system designed by British-based engineer Colin Johnson. It is a little-known fact that one of the first users of virtual heritage was Queen Elizabeth II, when she officially opened the visitor centre in June 1994.
Because the Queen's officials had requested titles, descriptions and instructions of all activities, the system was named 'Virtual Tour', being a cross between virtual reality and royal tour.
Projects.
One technology that is frequently employed in virtual heritage applications is augmented reality (AR), which is used to provide on-site reconstructions of archaeological sites or artefacts. An example is the lifeClipper project, a Swiss commercial tourism and mixed reality urban heritage project. Using HMD technology, users walking the streets of Basel can see cultured AR video characters and objects as well as oddly-shaped stencils.
Many virtual heritage projects focus on the tangible aspects of cultural heritage, for example 3D modelling, graphics and animation. In doing so, they often overlook the intangible aspects of cultural heritage associated with objects and sites, such as stories, performances and dances. The tangible aspects of cultural heritage are not inseparable from the intangible and one method for combining them is the use of virtual heritage serious games, such as the 'Digital Songlines' and 'Virtual Songlines' which modified computer game technology to preserve, protect and present the cultural heritage of Aboriginal Australian Peoples. There have been numerous applications of digital models being used to engage the public and encourage involvement in built heritage activities and discourse.
Place-Hampi is another example of a virtual heritage project. It applies co-evolutionary systems to show a cultural presence using stereoscopic rendering of the landscape of Hampi landscape, a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Karnataka, India.

</doc>
<doc id="6904989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904989" title="Jordan Shevchenko">
Jordan Shevchenko



</doc>
<doc id="6904990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904990" title="Shameful Dread">
Shameful Dread



</doc>
<doc id="6904991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904991" title="Boost Drinks">
Boost Drinks

Boost Drinks Limited is a British drinks company that sells primarily energy and sports drinks through convenience stores, independent retail chains and petrol forecourts. It was established in 2001 and is headquartered in Leeds.
History.
The company was founded on 27 June 2001 by Leeds Metropolitan University graduate Simon Gray at the age of 28 with a bank loan of £30,000. Gray said in an interview that he wanted to take Boost to independent retailers because it would have been "crazy to challenge the big brands with a me-too product". The company was originally known as Blast UK Limited before changing its name to Boost Drinks Limited in July 2001. Gray paid back the bank loan within the company’s first 12 months and distributed Boost into international markets such as Spain, Croatia, South Africa and Nigeria. The brand was launched in Northern Ireland in 2003, with the Northern Irish market accounting for approximately 15 per cent of the company's overall business by 2018.
As of 2011, the company employed eight people and had launched in 12 countries. The price of several Boost products increased in 2020. In September of the same year, Boost unveiled a £1.2 million "Choose Now" marketing campaign, which included a £10,000 fund to be shared by three community groups. Boost introduced a "Boost Retailer Hall of Fame" in Northern Ireland during June 2021, with the first winner being Kearney's shop in Randalstown, County Antrim, receiving 30% of the overall vote.
In December 2022, it was announced that Boost was acquired by A.G. Barr for £20 million.
Partnerships.
Boost Drinks has had a partnership with Air Ambulance Northern Ireland since 2019, when the company gave £10,000 to the charity. From February 2021, under a deal signed with Dorset-based brewery Hall &amp; Woodhouse, Boost Drinks became responsible for the distribution, marketing and sale of soft drink brand Rio. Boost Drinks became the "official energy drinks partner" of Leeds United for the 2021–22 Premier League season.
Products.
In 2010, the company attempted to introduce a smoothie product, but the response was "disappointing" and it was soon abandoned. Boost has released a number of "limited edition" flavours, to its energy and sports drinks line, including a 'Winter Spice' flavour in 2015, a tropical flavour in 2016, a pomegranate and blueberry flavour in 2017, and a grape and cherry product in 2018. Boost also launched protein drinks and an iced coffee range in 2016 and 2020 respectively. In 2022, Boost released a fruit-flavoured product range branded as "Juic'd".

</doc>
<doc id="6904993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904993" title="Abukuma-class destroyer escort">
Abukuma-class destroyer escort

The "Abukuma"-class destroyer escort (or frigate) () is the general-purpose destroyer escort of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF). It is the successor of the earlier . They are being replaced by the s.
History.
The first "Abukama"-class destroyer escort ship was first laid down in 1988 and completed in 1989.
Design.
This class was planned to replace the earlier and possess both anti-submarine warfare (ASW) capability, as the successor of the , and anti-surface warfare (ASuW) capability, as the successor of the "Yūbari" class, but there are many enhancements, as follows below.
Introduction of stealth technology.
This class is the first combatant ship of the JMSDF with stealth technology. Their superstructure has traditional vertical surfaces, but their hulls are angled to reduce their radar cross section.
Electronic warfare.
This is the first destroyer escort class with the Naval Tactical Data System and OYQ-7 combat direction system. It is also the first destroyer escort class which has ECM capability - with the OLT-3 jammer.
Weapon systems.
The Short Range Air Defense system comprises the OPS-14 air-search radar, the OPS-28 surface search and target acquisition radar, one Otobreda 76 mm rapid-firing gun, controlled by the FCS-2 fire-control system, and a Phalanx CIWS. The OPS-14 is the Japanese equivalent of the American AN/SPS-49 radar, and the OPS-28 is the equivalent of the American TAS Mk.23. Phalanx CIWS has given the ships an improved self-defence capability against anti-ship missiles. Mk.31 RAM GMWS Point Defense Missile System was planned, but it is not installed yet.
The ASW system comprises an OQS-8 hull-sonar (Japanese equivalent of the American DE-1167), ASROC anti-submarine rocket from the Type 74 octuple launcher (Japanese license-built version of the American Mark 16 GMLS), and lightweight ASW torpedoes from two HOS-301 triple torpedo tubes. A tactical towed-array sonar system was planned, but it is not installed yet.
The JMSDF intended to build eleven ships of this class; ultimately, only six were built because s started deploying in distinct forces. All six vessels in this class are named after Japanese rivers.
Export.
On 6 July 2025, the Philippine Navy (PN) reported the possible transfer of the "Abukuma"-class to the Philippines. It is expected that more or less six ships will be transferred if they are found to be in good condition. A status check visit is scheduled for the summer of 2025, at which time the Philippine side hopes to identify at least five vessels subject to inspection once PN sailors visit Japan. The transfer was based on an agreement during a bilateral meeting in Singapore in June 2025. The "Yomiuri Shimbun" suggests that equipment previously installed on the "Abukuma"-class can be changed if needed to meet PN requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="6904994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904994" title="Three Years Ago Today">
Three Years Ago Today



</doc>
<doc id="6904999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6904999" title="The First Song">
The First Song



</doc>
<doc id="6905006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905006" title="George Nathaniel Curzon, 1st Marquess Curzon of Kedleston">
George Nathaniel Curzon, 1st Marquess Curzon of Kedleston



</doc>
<doc id="6905008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905008" title="Movie Love">
Movie Love

Movie Love: Complete Reviews 1988–1991 (1991) is the 11th and last collection of film reviews by the critic Pauline Kael and covers the period from October 1988 to March 1991, when she chose to retire from her regular film reviewing duties at "The New Yorker". In the "Author's Note" that begins the anthology, Kael writes that this period had "not been a time of great moviemaking fervor", but "what has been sustaining is that there is so much to love in movies besides great moviemaking."
She reviews 85 films in this final collection. She gives rich praise to directors and performers she admires - in this collection for example, Pedro Almodóvar; 'Generalissimo Francisco Franco kept the lid on Spain for 36 years; he died in 1975 and Almodóvar is part of what jumped out of the box. The most original pop writer-director of the 1980s; he's Jean-Luc Godard with a human face - a happy face.' And Chet Baker in "Let's Get Lost"; " He's singing a torch song after the flame is gone; he's selling the romance of burnout." Perhaps pre-eminently in this collection she praises Brian De Palma's "Casualties of War"; "Some movies - "La Grande Illusion", and "Shoeshine" come to mind, - can affect us in more direct, emotional ways than simple entertainment movies. They have more imagination, more poetry, more intensity than the usual fare; they have themes, and a vision. "Casualties of War" has this kind of purity." And she's cool to what she regards as second rate - "Field of Dreams", for example, - 'That the film is sincere doesn't mean it's not manipulative.' Or "The Rainbow": "The ads for "The Rainbow" feature a banner line, 'Ken Russell is the purest interpreter D. H. Lawrence could have hoped for.' In his worst nightmare."
The films she recommends include; "Patty Hearst", "Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown", "True Believer", "Scrooged", "The Dressmaker", "Dangerous Liaisons", "Out Cold", "Let's Get Lost", Say Anything..., "Casualties of War", "Ghostbusters II", "Batman", "The Fabulous Baker Boys", "My Left Foot", "Enemies", "The Tall Guy", "The Grifters", "Vincent &amp; Theo", "Everybody Wins", "L.A. Story".
Notably absent from this collection of reviews are the longer general essays on the films that Kael had written and included in past anthologies.
This book is out-of-print in the United States, but is still published by Marion Boyars Publishers of the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="6905013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905013" title="Hooked (book)">
Hooked (book)

Hooked: Film Writings, 1985–88 (1989) is the ninth collection of movie reviews by the critic Pauline Kael, covering the period from July 1985 to June 1988. All articles in the book originally appeared in "The New Yorker".
She reviews more than 170 films giving rich praise to the work of directors and performers she admires - in this collection for example, Robert Altman; Alan Rudolph - for his film "Songwriter"; Nick Nolte; Susan Sarandon; Melanie Griffith; Lesley Ann Warren; Steve Martin in "Roxanne". And she attacks what she regards as second rate, for example, George Lucas, -"George Lucas should believe less in himself - he keeps trying to come up with an original idea, and he can't"; and the film "Heartbreak Ridge" - "It would take a board of inquiry made up of gods to determine whether this picture is more offensive aesthetically, psychologically, morally, or politically."
The films she recommends include: 
The title refers to her film 'addiction'. "I got hooked on movies at an early age, (around 4 or 5 , when I saw them while sitting on my parents' laps), and I am still a child before a moving image. Movies seem to me the most mysteriously great of all art forms."
The book is out-of-print in the United States, but is still published by Marion Boyars Publishers in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="6905016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905016" title="Bandaranayake">
Bandaranayake



</doc>
<doc id="6905018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905018" title="Taking It All In">
Taking It All In

Taking It All In is the seventh collection of movie reviews by the critic Pauline Kael and contains the 150 film reviews she wrote for "The New Yorker" between June 9, 1980, and June 13, 1983. She writes in the Author's Note at the beginning of the collection that, "it was a shock to discover how many good ones there were", as well as observing that only a very few of the movies she liked were box office successes - "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial", "Tootsie", "". She laments that, "in the '80s, films that aren't immediate box office successes are instantly branded as losers, flops, bombs. Some of the movies that meant the most to me were in this doomed group - "The Stunt Man", "Pennies from Heaven", "Blow Out", "The Devil's Playground", "Melvin and Howard", "Shoot the Moon", "Come Back to the Five and Dime, Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean"."
The collection starts up after a gap of a year, part of which Kael spent in Los Angeles and what she learned during those months is summed up in the piece "Why Are Movies So Bad?" This essay, (in which she takes on the Hollywood money men whose love of swift and easy financial returns she believed led to the too many truly bad films on show at the time), is also included in the collection. ( "Why Are Movies So Bad? Or The Numbers" ).
The book is out-of-print in the United States, but is still published by Marion Boyars Publishers in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="6905025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905025" title="Toledo School for the Arts">
Toledo School for the Arts

Toledo School for the Arts is a public charter school in downtown Toledo, Ohio founded by former director Martin Porter. It was first sponsored by the Toledo Board of Education. In 2008 the school was chartered by Bowling Green State University. TSA serves over 700 students from any school district in Ohio in Junior Division (6th, 7th and 8th grades), and Senior Division (9th, 10th, 11th and 12th grades). TSA's college preparatory curriculum integrates the visual, language, and performing arts. In addition to core academic subjects, classes are offered in dance, music, theatre, English language, humanities, and visual arts and include training and career development for students interested in pursuing professions in the arts. TSA students have been accepted to many of the nation's best colleges and universities.
Events.
First Friday is a monthly event for the public with performances, demonstrations and exhibits of student work. The highlight of each year is Kaleidoscope, a performance and art exhibit that features student works from each department as well as student soloists. Students collectively participate in an average of 180 performances and exhibitions each year.
Community.
TSA has "ARTnerships" with Toledo's major cultural institutions, including the Toledo Symphony Orchestra, the Arts Commission of Greater Toledo, the Toledo Museum of Art, the Toledo Ballet Association, Toledo Repertoire Theatre, and Ballet Theatre of Toledo. ARTnerships are community organizations that share TSA's vision.
History.
The Toledo School for the Arts began operating in 1999.
In 2004, TSA moved to 333 14th Street, the former Willys Overland building located in uptown Toledo. In 2009 the school opened its own gallery to allow them the ability to hold art shows and sell student art throughout the year.
In 2008 TSA was awarded a No School Left Behind Blue Ribbon from the US Department of Education. In 2007 TSA was identified as one of the leading charter schools in the nation, and featured in the US Department of Education publication, Innovations in Education Reform. TSA has twice been designated a Bronze Medal School by U.S. News &amp; World Report.
In 2016 TSA was named the number one charter school in Ohio by the website Niche, a website that ranks schools based on data and reviews. They were also named the 25th best school in Ohio by Niche.
In 2019 TSA unveiled an Ohio Historic Marker on the corner of 14th and Adams detailing the history of the building which was constructed in the early 1900s by the Willys Overland Company. During the unveiling the school announced plans to expand the historic building with an addition and increase student enrollment. This marker was then, in 2021, knocked down in a motor vehicle accident and has not since been replaced.
In 2022 the Toledo School for the Arts began groundbreaking on a major expansion.

</doc>
<doc id="6905026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905026" title="When the Lights Go Down (book)">
When the Lights Go Down (book)

When the Lights Go Down: Film Writings 1975–1980 (1980), is the sixth collection of movie reviews by the critic Pauline Kael.
Background.
All material in the book originally appeared in "The New Yorker". The collection begins with an appreciation of Cary Grant." Mae West's raucous invitation to him - 'Why don't you come up sometime and see me?' - was echoed thirty years later by Audrey Hepburn in "Charade": 'Won't you come in for a minute? I don't bite, you know, unless it's called for.' And then, purringly, 'Do you know what's wrong with you? Nothing.' That might be a summary of Cary Grant, the finest romantic comedian of his era: there's nothing the matter with him." . After the profile of Cary Grant the book contains reviews of movies of the second half of the 1970s - more than one hundred and fifty of them.
The book is out-of-print in the United States, but is still published by Marion Boyars Publishers in the United Kingdom. 
Critical response.
"National Post" reported that the volume "sold in impressive numbers". Matthew Wilder of "City Pages" wrote of Kael and offered "Her peak can be seen in the masterly collection "When the Lights Go Down"". Jim Emersonon of "Sun Times" wrote Renata Adler's 7,646-word massive attack on Kael in the "New York Review of Books"", "...was ostensibly a review of Kael's 1980 collection "When the Lights Go Down"". He further offered that in her own "The Perils of Pauline", Adler panned Kael's work on the volume when Adler wrote "Now, "When the Lights Go Down," a collection of her reviews over the past five years, is out; and it is, to my surprise and without Kael- or Simon-like exaggeration, not simply, jarringly, piece by piece, line by line, and without interruption, worthless. It turns out to embody something appalling and widespread in the culture."
The volume has been archived in the National Library of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="6905032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905032" title="Boost Energy Drink">
Boost Energy Drink



</doc>
<doc id="6905037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905037" title="Demidov Prize">
Demidov Prize

The Demidov Prize () is a national scientific prize in Russia awarded annually to the members of the Russian Academy of Sciences. Originally awarded from 1832 to 1866 in the Russian Empire, it was revived by the government of Russia's Sverdlovsk Oblast in 1993. In its original incarnation it was one of the first annual scientific awards, and its traditions influenced other awards of this kind including the Nobel Prize.
History.
In 1831 Count Pavel Nikolaievich Demidov, representative of the famous Demidov family, established a scientific prize in his name. The Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences (now the Russian Academy of Sciences) was chosen as the awarding institution. In 1832 the president of the Petersburg Academy of Sciences, Sergei Uvarov, awarded the first prizes.
From 1832 to 1866 the Academy awarded 55 full prizes (5,000 rubles) and 220 part prizes. Among the winners were many prominent Russian scientists: the founder of field surgery and inventor of the plaster immobilisation method in treatment of fractures, Nikolai Pirogov; the seafarer and geographer Adam Johann von Krusenstern, who led the first russian circumnavigation of the globe; Dmitri Mendeleev, the creator of the periodic table of elements; Boris Jacobi, pioneer of the first usable electric motors; and many others. One of the recipients was the founder's younger brother, Count Anatoly Nikolaievich Demidov, 1st Prince of San Donato, in 1847; Pavel had died in 1840, making Anatoly the Count Demidov (note that Russia did not recognize Anatoly's Italian title of prince).
From 1866, 25 years after Count Demidov's death, as was according to the terms of his bequest, there were no more awards.
In 1993, on the initiative of the vice-president of the Russian Academy of Sciences Gennady Mesyats and the governor of the Sverdlovsk Oblast Eduard Rossel, the Demidov Prize traditions were restored. The prize is awarded for outstanding achievements in natural sciences and humanities. The winners are elected annually among the members of the Russian Academy of Sciences. According to the tradition every year the Demidov Scientific Foundation chooses three or four academicians to receive the award. The prize includes a medal, a diploma and $10,000. The awards ceremony takes place every year at the Governor's Palace of Sverdlovsk Oblast, in Yekaterinburg, Russia. The recipients of the Prize also give lectures at the Ural State University ("Demidov Lecture").

</doc>
<doc id="6905038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905038" title="Höri ZH">
Höri ZH



</doc>
<doc id="6905042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905042" title="Going Steady (book)">
Going Steady (book)

Going Steady: Film Writings 1968–1969 is the third collection of film reviews by the critic Pauline Kael, comprising the years 1968–1969, when she first began her film-reviewing duties at The New Yorker and which covers, " a crucial period of social and aesthetic change at the end of the sixties."
The collection for the most part consists of reviews of individual films, but includes one long essay, (which appeared originally in "Harper's Magazine"), entitled "Trash, Art, and the Movies ", perhaps the closest Kael comes to a manifesto defining her personal aesthetics in regards to films. In the essay, Kael dissects, compares, and contrasts the merits of "trash" films that are nevertheless entertaining, as well as "art" films that are uninteresting. In doing so, Kael lambastes "art" films such as Kubrick's "", concluding her treatment of that particular film by declaring: "If big film directors are to get credit for doing badly what others have been doing brilliantly for years with no money, just because they've put it on a big screen, then businessmen are greater than poets and theft is art." The essay is divided into ten parts, ranging from discussions of "The Thomas Crown Affair" to "Petulia". Kael's overriding theme is to dismantle the intellectual pretences of those who deride films deemed to be "trash" on the basis of dubious aesthetic concerns, notwithstanding the entertainment appeal a particular "trash" film might possess.
Other notable reviews include Kael's treatment of the Norman Mailer film Wild 90, its relation to cinéma vérité, and the implications of that particular film-making technique.
This book is out-of-print in the United States, but is still published by Marion Boyars Publishers of the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="6905052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905052" title="68th World Science Fiction Convention">
68th World Science Fiction Convention

The 68th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as Aussiecon Four, was held on 2–6 September 2010 in the Melbourne Convention and Exhibition Centre in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
The co-chairs were Perry Middlemiss and Rose Mitchell.
Awards.
2010 Hugo Awards.
The 2010 Hugo Award statue base was designed by Nick Stathopoulos with laser etching by Lewis Morley and incorporating the Aussiecon 4 logo by Grant Gittus.
Site selection.
The location was selected by the members of Denvention 3.
Future site selection.
The members of Aussiecon 4 selected Chicago, Illinois, as the host city for the 70th World Science Fiction Convention, Chicon 7, to be held in 2012 in an uncontested election. With only 526 ballots cast, this election had the lowest turnout since records began to be kept in 1974. The voting breakdown was 447 votes for Chicago, 20 ballots expressed no preference, and there were 59 write-in votes for various sites.

</doc>
<doc id="6905053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905053" title="US Mexico Border">
US Mexico Border



</doc>
<doc id="6905054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905054" title="Feng xuemin">
Feng xuemin



</doc>
<doc id="6905057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905057" title="Warmoth">
Warmoth

Warmoth is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6905062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905062" title="Churchtown Primary School">
Churchtown Primary School



</doc>
<doc id="6905066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905066" title="Pholiota microspora">
Pholiota microspora

Pholiota microspora, commonly known as Pholiota nameko or simply , is a small, amber-brown mushroom with a slightly gelatinous coating that is used as an ingredient in miso soup and nabemono. In some countries this mushroom is available in kit form and can be grown at home. It is one of Japan's most popular cultivated mushrooms, tastes slightly nutty and is often used in stir-fries. They are also sold dried. Nameko is a cold triggered mushroom that typically fruits in the fall months when the temperature drops below 10°C for the first time, and flushes twice a few weeks apart.
In Mandarin Chinese the mushroom is known as 滑子蘑; (Pinyin: huá zi mó) or 滑菇; (Pinyin: huá gū).
In America the mushroom is sometimes called a "butterscotch mushroom".

</doc>
<doc id="6905067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905067" title="Toledo Technology Academy">
Toledo Technology Academy

Background.
Toledo Technology Academy of Engineering is a public high school located in Toledo, Ohio. It is part of the Toledo Public Schools. It is located in the former DeVilbiss High School. Many students from surrounding suburban school districts, as well as private schools attend TTAE Toledo Technology Academy students study manufacturing engineering technology integrated with an academic environment. TTA is a magnet school focusing on a manufacturing engineering technology curriculum. TTA offers an academic foundation, four years of science, mathematics, language arts, and three years of social studies education.
Track record.
TTA began as a two-year program within a traditional high school. In 1997, a collaborative partnership was formed with the school system, teaching and administrative unions, area businesses and the United Auto Workers, and a four-year high school was opened. What was found at that time continues to be true today. Technology, manufacturing, and engineering continue to be one of Toledo's largest opportunities for growth. Our small and large manufacturers continually express an ongoing need for well-trained, high-quality, entry-level employees in trade, technical and engineering positions. Increasingly, these entry-level workers need more advanced high tech skills in addition to higher-level thinking/reasoning skills and teamwork experiences. Currently, 75% of the persons applying and/or interviewed for these positions are not qualified. Nationally and regionally schools are preparing only about 30% of this needed workforce. This information was gathered at the National Skill Standards Board meetings and continues to be true.
The mission of the original project was as follows: To support a four-year high school technical program related to Manufacturing Engineering Technology within Toledo Public School Systems known as the Toledo Technology Academy (TTA). TTA's instructional system uses project-based learning, allowing the students to have maximum decision-making responsibility. Skills are taught to support this process and technology is used to support all instruction. TTA provides a complete academic complement of courses for graduation and college entry. Weekly common planning meetings are held to incorporate and integrate instruction. Where appropriate, the academic course content is related to the manufacturing curriculum and vice versa.
Tech Fusion Team 279.
Tech Fusion Team 279 is the FIRST Robotics team located at Toledo Technology Academy. It is open to all Toledo Public Schools students. The team is sponsored by Dana Holding Corporation in Maumee, Ohio. Team 279 had accomplished major achievements in the 21st century.

</doc>
<doc id="6905083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905083" title="1st Army Tank Brigade">
1st Army Tank Brigade

1st Army Tank Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6905084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905084" title="Yamaha YZF-600R">
Yamaha YZF-600R



</doc>
<doc id="6905091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905091" title="Syldavian khôr">
Syldavian khôr



</doc>
<doc id="6905096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905096" title="The Professor (Gilligan's Island)">
The Professor (Gilligan's Island)

Roy Hinkley, referred to as the Professor, is one of the seven castaways from the television series "Gilligan's Island" (1964–1967); he was played by Russell Johnson. The character was originally played by John Gabriel in the pilot episode, but the network thought he looked too young to have all the degrees attributed to the Professor.
Character summary.
The Professor's backstory identifies him as Roy Hinkley (though his actual name is rarely mentioned during the series), a high-school science teacher who was born in Cleveland, Ohio. His principal expertise was as a botanist, whose purpose in joining the ill-fated voyage that stranded the castaways was to write a book to be titled "Fun With Ferns". His main function on the show was to devise many ways for the castaways to live more comfortably on the island. Many of his inventions (including a method for recharging the batteries in the ubiquitous radio) used coconuts and bamboo, both of which were in plentiful supply. Aside from his proficiency in science, he was also adept and well-versed in law, literature, social sciences, and the arts. Besides a list of degrees from various schools (including a B.A. from USC, a B.S. from UCLA, an M.A. from SMU, and a PhD from TCU) he provides in one episode, little was ever learned about his past and nothing was ever learned about his family. In several episodes, brief remarks are made on his past: in the pilot he is described as a research scientist and "well-known scoutmaster"; in another when a big game hunter comes to the island and asks the Professor what sports he took, the answer is "chess"; after kissing Ginger for a prolonged period (during filming of a silent movie), he claims that he was able to hold his breath during the kissing because he used to be a "scuba diver"; in another, when the castaways try to recreate who killed "Randolph Blake", the Professor threatens to "...cancel his subscription to the "Science Quarterly"". Also, in the episode "Will the Real Mr. Howell Please Stand Up?", the Professor states that he does "...hold a Masters Degree in Psychology".
The Professor was portrayed as the most neutral and level-headed character. He usually displayed more patience with Gilligan than the other castaways, and was often called upon to settle disputes. As a result, he often served as a guide for the castaways whom the others respected because of his great store of knowledge, although the castaways rarely mentioned this. For unexplained reasons—possibly for research purposes in writing his book (although titled "Fun with Ferns," ferns may not have been its sole topic)—the Professor brought a large number of books on diverse subjects such as chemistry and anthropology of the South Sea Islanders on a three-hour pleasure cruise in Hawaii. On many occasions, he conveniently pulls out a book which has exactly the facts needed to fix or explain a particular problem they are having. In several episodes, electric power for phonographs or washing machines is generated by employing someone (usually Gilligan) to manually pedal, or turn, a pulley, which the Professor has engineered. Besides his white khaki suit he also has a pair of pajamas and a sports coat.
A running joke about the Professor was his ability to build nearly anything from coconuts and bamboo, yet he was somehow unable to repair the damaged "Minnow", construct a seaworthy raft or find other means to leave the island. This was parodied in the sitcom "Roseanne".
The show's producer, Sherwood Schwartz, answered this paradox in an interview, when he said that the Professor's behavior was logical and quite typical; people often ignore the obvious solution because of their own biases and preferences. "That’s true of mankind", said Schwartz in an interview with WABC radio's Mark Simone. "They can do except what they cannot do." However, the professor did try many times to repair the "Minnow" using available island resources, but they ultimately proved inadequate.
Likewise, in an interview with Larry King, Bob Denver explained that the Professor simply "had no talent for boat-building." This is the more logical answer, since the island was stated to be 1000 miles from civilization, and an inexpert repair would be risky on such a long journey. Furthermore, in an early episode, "Goodbye Island", he attempts to do so with a native tree syrup, which proves a disastrous failure that results in the "Minnow" being completely destroyed. (Also, earlier in the series, Gilligan and Skipper built a raft to sail for help; however, the island was revealed to be near a shark-filled area that made such a journey too dangerous for anything other than an actual boat.)
In popular culture.
In the sitcom "Roseanne", one of the characters playing the Professor stated after they crashed, "This hole on the boat defies all of my advanced knowledge. To fix it would be impossible ... now if you'll excuse me, I’m going to go create explosive fillings out of sand."
In the episode "Screech's Spaghetti Sauce" of the sitcom "Saved by the Bell", when the Communications Class were talking about different cable access TV Shows they should produce, Screech mentioned creating a Gilligan's Island remake in the next generation and the nerd Sylvester asked if he could be the Professor.
In the parody movie "Back to the Beach", a character played by Bob Denver and obviously based on Gilligan mentions knowing "a guy who could build a nuclear reactor out of coconuts but couldn't fix a two-foot hole in a boat."
In "Weird Al" Yankovic’s song "Isle Thing" (a parody of Tone Lōc’s "Wild Thing"), he sings: "She said 'That guy’s a genius' / I shook my head and laughed / 'If he's so fly / then tell me why / he couldn’t build a lousy raft?
In the New Monkees episode "All My Martys" actor Russell Johnson makes a guest appearance as The Professor to help the Monkees.
The end of the movie "A Very Brady Sequel" suggests that the Professor was the first husband of Carol Brady from "The Brady Bunch" (both "The Brady Bunch" and "Gilligan's Island" were creations of Sherwood Schwartz).
In an episode of the sitcom "Friends", Joey buys a boat and starts wearing a boat captain's blazer and cap all the time. When Chandler enters the apartment and Joey asks him where he has been, Chandler looks at Joey's outfit and says that he was making a coconut phone with the Professor.

</doc>
<doc id="6905097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905097" title="BBC Entertainment">
BBC Entertainment

BBC Entertainment was an international television channel that broadcast comedy, drama, light entertainment, reality and children's programming (some regions only) from the BBC, Channel 4 and other UK production houses. The channel broadcast regional versions to suit local demands and replaced BBC Prime in a gradual rollout from 2006 to 2009. It was wholly owned by BBC Studios.
History.
The channel was launched in October 2006, replacing BBC Prime in Asian markets such as Singapore, Hong Kong, Thailand and South Korea. On 28 December 2006, it was launched on the Astro platform in Malaysia. The channel was launched in India in May 2007 on the Tata Sky platform and on India online Broadband Public Limited, but ceased broadcasting at the end of November 2012 due to "commercial considerations".
The channel was launched in Poland, on Cyfrowy Polsat, in December 2007, and replaced BBC Prime on DStv in South Africa on 1 September 2008. It was launched together with its sister channels (BBC Knowledge, BBC Lifestyle and BBC HD) in the Nordic countries in November 2008, when it replaced BBC Prime on Canal Digital, Com Hem, Telia Digital-TV and FastTV. The Nordic countries get a separate feed of the channel which differs from that in the rest of Europe. It was also launched in Mexico on the SKY México digital satellite platform in August 2008 in a two-channel deal with Televisa that also included a localized CBeebies, before later extending to other Central and South American countries.
The channel replaced BBC Prime in the rest of Europe and the Middle East &amp; North Africa in November 2009, a move announced in August 2009 that enabled the completion of the rollout of the new brand. In Belgium, the Netherlands and Switzerland, BBC Entertainment is carried alongside BBC One and BBC Two on the Telenet, Ziggo, and Naxoo cable networks.
On 1 December 2009, Astro dropped the channel and replaced it with ITV Choice. On 1 March 2010 in Italy Sky Italia also dropped the channel. In 2010 Kabel Deutschland (Germany) made it a pay-TV channel.
In August 2012, Unifi picked up the channel, thus making the channel available in Malaysia once more after a 3-year hiatus. However Unifi dropped the channel on 1 October 2015 and was replaced by BBC First after 1 year. It ceased broadcasting on 1 January 2016 in CEE, and it was replaced by BBC Earth.
In January 2017, BBC Worldwide announced BBC Entertainment would cease its transmissions in Latin American countries, along with BBC Earth and CBeebies, in April 2017. The shutdown was motivated by a push towards content sales to other linear and OTT platforms.
Finally, BBC First was launched in some Asian regions on 19 March 2016. Singapore Via Starhub TV broadcasts ceased on 29 April 2015, while in Hong Kong, Thailand and Indonesia, broadcasts ceased on 1 January 2017. In Myanmar and Mongolia, broadcasts ceased on 1 March 2018. In Taiwan, broadcasts ceased on 10 March 2017 and were replaced by CBeebies.
The channel shut down its last feed on 31 March 2024, with similar motivations to the decision taken in Latin America.
Programming.
This table is not complete

</doc>
<doc id="6905103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905103" title="Varnava Rosic">
Varnava Rosic



</doc>
<doc id="6905111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905111" title="Henry Smith (Scottish footballer)">
Henry Smith (Scottish footballer)

Henry George Smith (born 10 March 1956) is a Scottish former footballer, who played as a goalkeeper. He spent the majority of his career with Heart of Midlothian.
He made his debut for Hearts in a League Cup win over Airdrie at Broomfield in 1981.
He won three caps for Scotland between 1988 and 1992 against Saudi Arabia, Northern Ireland and Canada and was part of the Scotland squad at Euro 92. He was perhaps unfortunate to play during a time when Scotland had the services of Jim Leighton and Andy Goram, which restricted his opportunities at international level. Additionally, he played two matches for the under-21s as an overage player.
Smith played in the Home Nations Masters Tournament in March 2009. At 53 years of age, he was the oldest player in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="6905117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905117" title="Pavle Patriarch of Serbia">
Pavle Patriarch of Serbia



</doc>
<doc id="6905119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905119" title="Yesterday's Son">
Yesterday's Son

Yesterday's Son is a science fiction novel by American writer A. C. Crispin set in the fictional Star Trek Universe. It describes the events surrounding Spock's discovery that he has a son. "Yesterday's Son" and its sequel, "Time for Yesterday", make up A. C. Crispin's "Yesterday Saga".
The book was the first Star Trek novel other than the movie novelizations to make the New York Times Bestseller List.
Plot.
While studying the archaeological records of the now-destroyed planet Sarpeidon, a scholar aboard the USS "Enterprise" finds pictures of an ice-age cave painting that depicts a Vulcan face. Spock realizes that his involvement with Zarabeth in the episode "All Our Yesterdays" resulted in the birth of a child. Along with Captain Kirk and Dr. McCoy, he uses the Guardian of Forever (featured in the episode "The City on the Edge of Forever") to journey back into Sarpeidon's past and rescue his son. Due to a miscalculation, they find a young man of twenty-eight instead of a child, who tells them that his name is Zar and that his mother Zarabeth died in an accident many years before. Spock introduces himself but refuses to allow Zar to call him "Father."
Zar returns to the "Enterprise" and passes as a distant relative of Spock, who oversees his education and attempts to train him in Vulcan telepathic techniques. They discover that Zar is an unusually strong telepath for a Vulcan; he can establish contact without touching the other person. Zar becomes conflicted and hurt by his father's apparent refusal to acknowledge him.
The "Enterprise" is called back to the planet Gateway to protect the Guardian of Forever from a Romulan intelligence raid. It is imperative to the security of the United Federation of Planets that the Romulans not discover the Guardian's powers; if they cannot be driven away, Gateway must be destroyed. The Romulans, who have landed near the Guardian, have hidden themselves behind a ground-based cloaking device. Spock devises a plan to place a force field around the Guardian. Zar volunteers to help Spock place the force field, because he can sense whether Romulans are present even though, due to the cloaking device, he cannot see them. Their first try is unsuccessful, but when they rendezvous with Kirk the three discover they are trapped on the planet while the "Enterprise" with Scotty in command battles the Romulans. They decide to try again, but Spock disables Zar with the Vulcan nerve pinch, wishing to spare him from danger. Kirk and Spock are captured and tortured by the Romulans. When Zar wakes up, he is able to telepathically sense their danger. He also realizes that his father cares about him, since he chose to protect Zar instead of Kirk, his closest friend. The "Enterprise" defeats the Romulan ships and a rescue party beams down. Zar creates a diversion by causing an explosion, allowing the others to rescue Kirk and Spock.
Once the Romulan threat is over, Zar decides to use the Guardian to return to Sarpeidon's past, but to a more settled location than the one he originally inhabited. He has discovered evidence that he is crucial to the planet's unusually rapid cultural evolution.
Background.
Crispin was a fan of Star Trek and had read many of the novelizations by James Blish. Crispin loved Roddenberry's optimism for the future and was inspired by the strong and capable Vulcans who nonetheless chose to embrace pacifism. She wrote "Yesterday's Son" on a whim, "it seemed to me when I watched "All Our Yesterdays" that the episode cried out for a sequel... so I sat down and wrote it." She did a little research on survival in arctic regions but mostly used established settings and relied on what she already knew from the show.
Crispin commented on the success of the book "I think readers were hungry in that era for stories that explored the inner lives of the Trek characters, and my book did that."
Other versions.
The book was also released in an audiobook adaptation read by James Doohan and Leonard Nimoy. Doohan told Crispin he had read and enjoyed the book even before he had been asked to work on the audiobook.
Reception.
Ellen Cheeseman-Meyer of Tor.com described the "Yesterday Saga" as "both precious and hilarious."

</doc>
<doc id="6905122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905122" title="At Sachem Farm">
At Sachem Farm

At Sachem Farm (also known as Higher Love, Trade Winds and Uncorked) is a 1998 drama film directed by John Huddles and starring Minnie Driver and Rufus Sewell.
Production.
This was the first film made by Minnie and Kate Driver's production company Two Drivers.

</doc>
<doc id="6905132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905132" title="Seljestad, Troms">
Seljestad, Troms

Seljestad is a neighborhood within the town of Harstad which is located in Harstad Municipality in Troms county, Norway. It is located to the south of the city center and north of the neighborhoods of Harstadbotn and Grønnebakkan.
The primary and secondary schools, Seljestad barneskole and Seljestad ungdomsskole are located here, just west of Seljestadvegen street.

</doc>
<doc id="6905141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905141" title="Spur (botany)">
Spur (botany)

The botanical term “spur” is given to outgrowths of tissue on different plant organs. The most common usage of the term in botany refers to nectar spurs in flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="6905142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905142" title="Beta-turn">
Beta-turn



</doc>
<doc id="6905144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905144" title="Israel's Song">
Israel's Song



</doc>
<doc id="6905146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905146" title="Dolores (Notre-Dame des Sept Douleurs)">
Dolores (Notre-Dame des Sept Douleurs)

"Dolores", subtitled "Notre-Dame des Sept Douleurs", is a poem by A. C. Swinburne first published in his 1866 "Poems and Ballads". The poem, in 440 lines, regards the figure of the titular "Dolores, Our Lady of Pain", thus named at the close of many of its stanzas.
Themes.
The speaker of the poem is the voice of a besotted lover, faced with, and lamenting, Swinburne's particular ruthless and grim representation of the sacred feminine, embodied here as the Lady of Pain. In these respects, the poem shares its central themes with "Satia te Sanguine" from the same 1866 collection, as does it similarly share its sadomasochistic imagery with that poem and many others within Swinburne's corpus.
Meter.
The poem's meter is a fairly regular anapestic trimeter with some use of iambs and the final line of each stanza containing only two feet. It uses an eight line stanza with the rhyme scheme ABABCDCD and regularly uses feminine rhyme for the A and C rhymes, often rhyming the name "Dolores". A considerable quantity of catalexis is present, but this is fairly regular in its application. The poem, like a number of others by Swinburne, is notable for its use of anapestic verse to create a serious and somber mood rather than the comic effect for which anapests are more commonly encountered in English, as in the limerick.
Controversial aspects.
The poem demonstrates most of the controversial themes for which Swinburne became notorious. It conflates the cruel yet libidinous pagan goddess figure of Dolores, the Lady of Pain with Mary, Mother of Jesus and associates the poem itself, through its parenthetical titular text ("Notre-Dame des Sept Douleurs", i.e., "Our Lady of Seven Sorrows") with the Seven Dolours of the Virgin. It laments the passing of the worship of classical deities in favour of Christian morality (277 "What ailed us, O gods, to desert you | For creeds that refuse and restrain?"), a theme more fully elaborated in Swinburne's "Hymn to Proserpine". Finally, sadomasochistic themes and characteristics are attributed to the Lady of Pain throughout (397 "I could hurt thee — but pain would delight thee", etc.)
Related works.
The poem was parodied in 1872 by Arthur Clement Hilton, then a student at Cambridge, in his poem "Octopus", which substitutes the character of the Lady of Pain for that of the titular mollusc. Where Swinburne begins his poem, in describing the Lady of Pain, ""Cold eyelids that hide like a jewel | Hard eyes that grow soft for an hour", Hilton begins "Strange beauty, eight-limbed and eight-handed, | Whence camest to dazzle our eyes?"".
The Planescape campaign setting of Dungeons &amp; Dragons features a character called the Lady of Pain, which was inspired by the poem's central character, as explored by author Troy Denning in his 1997 novel "Pages of Pain" which directly quotes Dolores and reimagines many elements of the poem into the narrative.
The short comics story "How They Met Themselves", by Neil Gaiman (originally published in "Vertigo: Winter's Edge #3", reprinted in "Absolute Sandman" Volume III, pp. 510-519), tells how Swinburne wrote the poem after meeting Desire, who only told him that its name begins with a "D".
In his book "Dylan's Visions of Sin", literary critic Christopher Ricks shows many parallels and a possible influence on Bob Dylan's song "Sad Eyed Lady of the Lowlands".
The fourth stanza of the poem was read by the character Persephone in a cinematic in the MMORG "The Matrix Online".

</doc>
<doc id="6905157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905157" title="It's Impossible (album)">
It's Impossible (album)

It's Impossible is Perry Como's 19th 12" long-play album released by RCA Records.
Background.
After the surprise chart success of the single "It's Impossible", (it hit No. 1 on the AC and No. 10 on the Hot 100), this album was quickly recorded in order to issue an LP featuring the hit song.
Overview.
These selections primarily focus on contemporary pop/rock ballads of 1969-1970 first recorded by top chart artists such as The Beatles, Simon and Garfunkel, The Carpenters, B. J. Thomas, Anne Murray and The Partridge Family. The album, as the single, charted well, reaching No. 22 on Billboard Top LPs. It was his first studio album to chart in the UK, reaching No 13 there, and with that his albums continued to chart well in the UK.
Track listing.
Side two.
Bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="6905163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905163" title="Airframe Reconditioning Squadron RNZAF">
Airframe Reconditioning Squadron RNZAF



</doc>
<doc id="6905166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905166" title="Shimeji">
Shimeji

Shimeji (Japanese: , or ) is a group of edible mushrooms native to East Asia, but also found in northern Europe. "Hon-shimeji (Lyophyllum shimeji") is a mycorrhizal fungus and difficult to cultivate. Other species are saprotrophs, and "buna-shimeji" ("Hypsizygus tessulatus") is now widely cultivated. "Shimeji" is rich in umami-tasting compounds such as guanylic acid, glutamic acid, and aspartic acid.
Species.
Several species are sold as "shimeji" mushrooms. All are saprotrophic except "Lyophyllum shimeji".
Shimeji health benefits.
Shimeji mushrooms contain minerals like potassium and phosphorus, magnesium, zinc, and copper. Shimeji mushrooms lower the cholesterol level of the body. This mushroom is rich in glycoprotein (HM-3A), marmorin, beta-(1-3)-glucan, hypsiziprenol, and hypsin therefore is a potential natural anticancer agent. Shimeji mushrooms contain angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor which is an oligopeptide that may be helpful in lowering blood pressure and reducing the risk of stroke in persons having hypertension. Also rich in polysaccharides, phenolic compounds, and flavonoids. Therefore, inhibits inflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress and protects from lung failure. These compounds also help in reducing oxidative stress-mediated disease through radical scavenging activity hence these mushrooms are antioxidants also.
Culinary Use.
Shimeji should always be cooked: it is not a good mushroom to serve raw due to a somewhat bitter taste, but the bitterness disappears completely upon cooking. The cooked mushroom has a pleasant, firm, slightly crunchy texture and a slightly nutty flavor. Cooking also makes this mushroom easier to digest. It works well in stir-fried foods like stir-fried vegetables, as well as with wild game or seafood. Also, it can be used in soups, stews, and in sauces. When cooked alone, Shimeji mushrooms can be sautéed whole, including the stem or stalk (only the very end cut off), using a higher temperature or they can be slow roasted at a low temperature with a small amount of butter or cooking oil. Shimeji is used in soups, nabe and takikomi gohan.

</doc>
<doc id="6905170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905170" title="Chikugo-class destroyer escort">
Chikugo-class destroyer escort

The "Chikugo"-class destroyer escort (or frigate) was a class of destroyer escorts built by the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force as the successor of the , with the same ASW mission. This class was followed by . This is the first Japanese destroyer escort class to carry ASROC anti-submarine missiles.
The class entered service with "Chikugo" in 1971. Eleven ships were constructed and saw service until the mid-1990s and early 2000s. All vessels in the class were retired with "Noshiro" being the last to decommission in 2003.
Design.
This class was designed as the modified variant of the , the preceding destroyer escort class. The main anti-submarine weapon was changed from the M/50 ASW rocket launcher to the ASROC Anti-submarine missile. The octuple launcher for ASROC was stationed at the mid-deck, and the entire ship design was prescribed by this stationing. To exploit the range of ASROC, this class was equipped with the long-range low-frequency (5 kHz) bow sonar, OQS-3A (Japanese version of the AN/SQS-23), and in addition, the latter batch had SQS-35(J) Variable Depth Sonar system. These anti-submarine sensors and weapons could be compare with those of destroyers in the main fleet of this age, such as and .
In contrast to their anti-submarine capability, the anti-aircraft fire power was weakened compared to the preceding class. The foredeck gun was a Type 68 3"/50 caliber twin cannon controlled by a FCS-1B Gun Fire Control System, which was standard anti-air weapon system in the JMSDF of this age. But the afterdeck gun was the old-fashioned Bofors 40 mm L/60 twin cannon, lacking the anti-ship missile defense (ASMD) capability. The final batch of this class was planned to equipped with the new Oerlikon 35 mm twin cannon, but this plan was frustrated because of the budgetary consideration.

</doc>
<doc id="6905173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905173" title="Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word">
Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word

The Congregation of the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word is the name of two Roman Catholic religious institutes based in the U.S. state of Texas. They use the abbreviation C.C.V.I. ().
History.
Houston order.
The Congregation of the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word, Houston is a religious institute of women begun in 1866, at the request of French-born Claude Marie Dubuis, the second Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Galveston, which then included the entire state of Texas. Texas was suffering from the ravages of the Civil War, coupled with the tragedy of a rapidly spreading cholera epidemic. In 1866, Dubuis contacted his friend Angelique Hiver, Superioress of the Order of the Incarnate Word and Blessed Sacrament in Lyons, France. The Sisters could not fulfill his request since the order was cloistered and was committed to the ministry of education. Dubuis then applied for the admission of three young women who had volunteered. They were received into the monastery for the purpose of receiving formation and the rule of the Order, with the understanding that a new order was being formed. For a long time, the Lyons community continued to direct and support the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word, as the new community came to be known.
Mary Blandine, Mary Joseph and Mary Ange arrived in Galveston, Texas, and started Charity Hospital, the first Catholic hospital in Texas. This would later become St. Mary's Infirmary and St. Mary's Hospital. Later, as a result of the yellow fever epidemic that struck Galveston, the St. Mary's Orphanage was started, first in the hospital, and was later moved just outside town, away from the epidemic. This epidemic also struck two of the sisters. Mary Blandine died of yellow fever on August 18, 1867; Mary Ange also contracted yellow fever, but recovered and returned to France. In 1867 and 1868, other sisters, educated and professed in the same convent at Lyons, came to offer their assistance.
Mary Joseph became superior, and continued the work in Galveston. In the early part of the 20th century, with the rapid growth of the City of Houston, the institute's headquarters were relocated from the Island city to Houston.
Today the Sisters have missions in Ireland, Guatemala, El Salvador, Kenya and the United States.
They are involved in ministries in health care (as part of Christus Health and Dignity Health), education, and social justice. They are also involved in fighting illiteracy and AIDS.
San Antonio order.
The Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word, San Antonio is the largest group of religious women in Texas.
The institute was founded in San Antonio in 1869, as a sister house of the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word, Galveston, Texas. In 1869, Bishop Dubuis chose three from the Galveston community, St. Madeleine Chollet, St. Pierre Cinquin, and Agnes Buisson to begin a new house in San Antonio and open the first hospital in the area. He named St. Madeleine superior of the new community. Three years later, he appointed St. Pierre Cinquin as her successor, and she remained in office until her death almost twenty years later. In 1870, Dubuis erected this new community as an independent centre, on the occasion of vesting the first postulants admitted into the San Antonio novitiate.
Madeleine Chollet, Pierre Cinquin and Agnes Buisson came to help the people of San Antonio who were being ravaged by a severe cholera epidemic. It was just after the Civil War and San Antonio had a population of 12,000; however, there were no public hospitals. When the three Sisters arrived, they founded the institute of the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word. They also founded San Antonio's first public hospital, known today as Christus Santa Rosa Hospital.
Previous to 1874, the sisters had been solely occupied in caring for the sick, the aged, and orphans, but following the counsel of Anthony Dominic Pellicer, first bishop of San Antonio, they began to engage in educational work. In 1881, the Sisters founded the Incarnate Word Academy, which became Incarnate Word High School and University of the Incarnate Word.
In 1885 the Sisters opened a school in Saltillo, Mexico.
By 1891 the Sisters had founded St. Joseph's Infirmary in Fort Worth, Texas. They also administered seven railroad hospitals scattered throughout Texas, Missouri, Iowa, and New Mexico.
They are involved in ministries in health care (as part of Christus Health), education, care for the elderly and social justice.
The Village at Incarnate Word is a not-for-profit corporation, established by the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word of San Antonio in 1988, to provide a retirement community for people of all faiths.
The sisters work in United States, Mexico, Peru, and Zambia.
Saint Mary's Orphanage and the Galveston Hurricane.
The Galveston Hurricane of 1900 was one of the most destructive hurricanes ever to hit the United States. More than 6,000 people died, one-sixth the population of Galveston, Texas.
The Saint Mary's Orphan Asylum housed at that time 93 children (ages 2 to 13) and 10 sisters. The hurricane arrived quietly on September 7, 1900. The full force of the Galveston Hurricane of 1900 was not felt until the next day, September 8, and began to erode away the sand dunes that surrounded St. Mary's Orphanage. The sisters in charge decided to move the children into the girls' dormitory, as it was newer and stronger (and thus potentially safer) than the boys' dormitory.
The sisters led the children in singing (in English) the old French hymn, "Queen of the Waves". Eventually, the boys' dormitory failed and collapsed into the sea. When the waters started to fill the first floor of the girl's dormitory, the sisters moved the children to the second floor, and again led in singing "Queen of the Waves". The sisters put clothes line around their waists and connected themselves to six to eight children each in an attempt to save the children. Three of the children (older teens) were left loose.
Finally, the girls' dormitory collapsed. All ten sisters and ninety children perished; only the three teenage boys survived: William Murney, Frank Madera and Albert Campbell.
As a result of this tragedy, the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word across the world sing Queen of the Waves every year, on September 8, and remember the sisters and the children that died in Galveston.
On September 8, 1994, a Texas historical marker was placed at 69th Street and Seawall Boulevard, marking the site of the former orphanage.

</doc>
<doc id="6905175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905175" title="6-Ton Tank M1917">
6-Ton Tank M1917



</doc>
<doc id="6905179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905179" title="Pini Gershon">
Pini Gershon

Pinhas Yair Gershon (; born 13 November 1951), is an Israeli former professional basketball player and coach. He won three top-level European-wide club championships as the head coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv. He won the FIBA SuproLeague championship in 2001, and the EuroLeague championship in 2004 and 2005. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest coaches in Israeli and European history.
He was named the EuroLeague Coach of the Year in 2005. In 2008, he was named one of the 50 Greatest EuroLeague Contributors, as a coach. He was also the head coach of the senior Bulgarian national team.
Early life.
Gershon grew up and studied in the city of Tel Aviv. His mother was a Moroccan Jew and his father was a Bulgarian Jew. He experienced a rough childhood, as his biological father abandoned the family when he was one year old and left him with his mother, in poverty conditions and moved to England; his step-father was abusive towards him, his sister and their mother.
Basketball biography.
Playing career.
In his youth, Gershon was a basketball player. He played for the "Maccabi South Tel Aviv" club, which was a sister team of Maccabi Tel Aviv, and he was one of the stars in its cadets team. He played for a number of years, including in the senior men's team of Maccabi South Tel Aviv, but his career as a basketball player ended at the age of 24, as the result of an injury.
Club coaching career.
After a short career as a basketball player, Gershon began to coach in different Israeli teams, among them, Maccabi Rishon LeZion, Hapoel Galil Elyon, Hapoel Gan Shmuel-Menashe, Hapoel Tel Aviv and Hapoel Jerusalem.
In 1993, he led Hapoel Galil Elyon to the Israeli League championship, which was the first time in 36 years that it had not been won by Maccabi Tel Aviv. In 1996, Gershon won the Israeli State Cup, while he was the head coach of Hapoel Jerusalem, after beating Maccabi in the final.
In different interviews, he expressed himself poignantly against Maccabi Tel Aviv, and against the club's dominance of Israeli basketball. Therefore, it was quite a surprise when he became Maccabi Tel Aviv's head coach at the end of 1998. At that time, Maccabi Tel Aviv was in a professional crisis, after several years of failing to enter the top stages of the EuroLeague, a status which it had enjoyed in the past.
Under his, and his assistant David Blatt's lead, Maccabi Tel Aviv surprisingly advanced to the 2000 EuroLeague Finals, where they lost to the Greek Basket League powerhouse Panathinaikos, in the final game. A year later, Maccabi won the 2001 FIBA SuproLeague championship. However, this achievement was overshadowed by the split between the two major European basketball unions at that time, into two separate leagues, which meant that most of the top European teams did not compete against Maccabi, but were instead in that season's EuroLeague competition.
After the 2000–01 season, Gershon took a break from coaching, mainly to do some self-searching and to travel around the world. This temporary retirement lasted for two seasons, and in the summer of 2003, Gershon returned to his former position as the head coach of Maccabi. He had the goal of reaching the 2004 EuroLeague Final Four, which took place in Tel Aviv. That goal was two seconds away from failure, when Maccabi, who was hosting Žalgiris in the game for the last spot in the EuroLeague Final Four, had to come from behind. A marvelous three-point buzzer-beater by Derrick Sharp sent that game into overtime, in which Maccabi won and advanced to the Final Four. Maccabi, under Gershon, went on to have an unforgettable Final Four, crushing Skipper Bologna 118–74 in the final, to become the EuroLeague champions for the fourth time (including the 2001 FIBA SuproLeague title).
In 2005, Gershon led Maccabi Tel Aviv to another EuroLeague championship. Having been the league favorites all season long, Maccabi Tel Aviv advanced to the 2005 EuroLeague Final Four, in Moscow. The expected final was supposed to be between Maccabi and the hosts CSKA Moscow. However, CSKA surprisingly lost its semifinal game to TAU Vitoria. In the final, Maccabi easily beat TAU, by a score of 90–78. Gershon was later named the EuroLeague Coach of the Year. During the 2005–06 season, Gershon hinted that it would be his last season with Maccabi. He led the team to the 2006 EuroLeague Final Four. That time, however, Maccabi lost in the title game to CSKA Moscow, by a score of 73–69. Gershon left Maccabi at the end of the season, and signed with the Greek club Olympiacos.
In his first season as head coach of Olympiacos, Gershon led the team to the Greek Basket League finals against Panathinaikos, and to the last 8 of the EuroLeague season, where the team was eliminated by TAU Cerámica. Accusations of racism were raised, mainly by Olympiacos fans, concerning the lack of playing time for team star and crowd favorite, Sofoklis Schortsanitis.
On November 24, 2008, he signed on as Maccabi Tel Aviv's head coach, after the dismissal of Effi Birnbaum from the position. In October 2009, he was ejected from an exhibition game against the New York Knicks. Gershon took close to 6 minutes to exit the court, as NBA rules (administered by replacement on-court officials) differ from international rules, regarding technical fouls, which cause coaches to be automatically ejected. In 2010, Gershon parted ways with Maccabi, after their loss to Hapoel Gilboa Galil, in the Israeli League national finals. In August 2014, he signed a one-season contract to be Guy Goodes' assistant coach with Maccabi Tel Aviv.
National team coaching career.
Gershon worked as an assistant coach for the senior Israeli national basketball team. In September 2008, Gershon led the senior Bulgarian national basketball team to qualify for the EuroBasket 2009, in Poland, after a surprising finish ahead of the strongly favored Italian national basketball team in the preliminary round. In 2010, he parted ways with the Bulgarian national team, due to a dispute with the Bulgarian Basketball Federation.
Personal life.
Gershon often eagerly voices his belief in the part that divine guidance has had in his career. He has close ties with the Chabad movement.
In the year 2001, Gershon was accused of racism, after reporters found a video showing Gershon lecturing before a group of IDF officers. In this lecture, Gershon made some controversial remarks about African American people,“The mocha-colored guys are smarter, but the dark colored ones are just guys off the street,” he said. “They’re dumb like slaves, they do whatever you tell them.” Gershon claimed that those remarks were only made as a joke, and that they were not reflective of his real opinions.
Gershon was once a major shareholder of EZTD Inc., a firm in the controversial binary options industry. EZTD Inc. owned the EZTrader.com and GlobalOption.com websites, and settled a 2016 US Securities and Exchange Commission finding, by paying $1.7 million in fines and compensation to victims. EZTD Inc. was accused of illegally soliciting and taking money from 4,000 US investors.

</doc>
<doc id="6905183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905183" title="Timelike homotopy">
Timelike homotopy

On a Lorentzian manifold, certain curves are distinguished as timelike. A timelike homotopy between two timelike curves is a homotopy such that each intermediate curve is timelike. No closed timelike curve (CTC) on a Lorentzian manifold is timelike homotopic to a point (that is, null timelike homotopic); such a manifold is therefore said to be multiply connected by timelike curves (or timelike multiply connected). A manifold such as the 3-sphere can be simply connected (by any type of curve), and at the same time be timelike multiply connected. Equivalence classes of timelike homotopic curves define their own fundamental group, as noted by Smith (1967). A smooth topological feature which prevents a CTC from being deformed to a point may be called a timelike topological feature.

</doc>
<doc id="6905203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905203" title="Marinaleda (Spain)">
Marinaleda (Spain)



</doc>
<doc id="6905204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905204" title="Preview">
Preview

Preview may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6905212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905212" title="Fort Knocks Entertainment">
Fort Knocks Entertainment

Fort Knocks Entertainment is an American East Coast hip hop, pop and R&amp;B record label and full-scale production house founded in 2004 by record producer Just Blaze.

</doc>
<doc id="6905234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905234" title="Dreamscapes Revisited">
Dreamscapes Revisited



</doc>
<doc id="6905235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905235" title="RMS Teutonic">
RMS Teutonic

RMS "Teutonic" was an ocean liner built for the White Star Line in Belfast, which entered service in 1889. She was the sister ship of RMS "Majestic". "Teutonic" and her sister were the flagships of White Star Line's fleet for around a decade, until "Oceanic" entered service in 1899. She had a lengthy career of 32 years, which included war service during World War I, until being scrapped in 1921.
"Teutonic" was historically notable for three reasons: for being the first armed merchant cruiser; for being the inspiration behind Germany's Kaiser-class ocean liners; and for being the last White Star ship to hold the Blue Riband.
History.
Background.
In the late 1880s competition for the Blue Riband, the award for the fastest Atlantic crossing, was fierce amongst the top steamship lines, and White Star decided to order two ships from Harland and Wolff that would be capable of an average Atlantic crossing speed of . Construction of "Teutonic" and "Majestic" began in 1887. "Teutonic" and her sister were the first new additions to White Star's transatlantic fleet since the "Britannic" and "Germanic" had respectively entered service in 1874 and 1875. "Teutonic" replaced the ageing "Baltic", which had been in service with White Star since 1871 and was subsequently sold to new owners. The pair were designed to allow White Star to compete with a new generation of liners which had entered service in the 1880s, such as the Cunard Line's "Umbria" and "Etruria", and the Inman Line's duo of "City of New York" and "City of Paris". 
"Teutonic" and her sister were built under the British Auxiliary Armed Cruiser Agreement, under which they were built with government financial support, to Admiralty specifications, and received an operating subsidy from the British government. In return they would be made available to the government in times of war, to be used as armed merchant cruisers. "Teutonic" was the first such ship to be built under this arrangement.
Specifications.
"Teutonic" and "Majestic" were the first White Star liners to have two engines, and two propellers, which allowed them to dispense with the auxiliary sails which had been required on earlier single-screw liners. They were powered by two triple expansion steam engines, which together produced . 
"Teutonic" and "Majestic" were built with three classes of accommodation, first, second and third (commonly known as steerage) they could carry 300 first class, 190 second class, and 1,000 third class passengers. 
The first class accommodation was situated amidships where the motion of the ship was not so extreme, the two funnels were widely spaced so that the first class dining saloon could be situated between them, and be large enough to seat all 300 first class passengers in one sitting. The first class incorporated a number of single berth cabins to allow a passenger to have a room to themselves. The first class passengers were provided with a number of public rooms, including a library, a smoking room, and a barbers shop, all of which were richly decorated.
The second class accommodation was located abaft of the mainmast, and second class passengers were provided with their own open promenade deck.
The third class was, by the standards of the time well provided for. Third class accommodation was situated fore and aft on the lower decks. As was the case aboard all White Star vessels, third class spaces were segregated with single men berthed forward, and single women, married couples and families with children berthed aft. The third class passengers were provided with baths, a smoking room, some family rooms, and the third class spaces were ventilated with mechanical ventilation.
Career.
When "Teutonic" was launched on 19 January 1889, she was the first White Star ship without square rigged sails. The ship was completed on 25 July 1889 and participated in the Spithead Naval Review on 5 and 6 August, in conjunction with the state visit of Kaiser Wilhelm II. Although Queen Victoria remained aboard the royal yacht, the Kaiser was given a two-hour tour of the new ship hosted by the Prince of Wales, the future Edward VII. During the tour, Wilhelm is reputed to have turned to a subaltern and remarked: "We must have one of these ..."
The Kaiser's reaction is generally credited as the impetus for the creation of Germany's four funnel liners known as the Kaiser Class. She sported eight guns. These were removed after the military reviews.
On 7 August 1889, she left on her maiden voyage to New York City. In August 1891, "Teutonic" won the Blue Riband from her sister "Majestic", with a timing of 5 days, 16 hours and 31 minutes between Queenstown and Sandy Hook, with an average speed of , she would hold the title for one year before losing it to "City of Paris". "Teutonic" would be the last White Star ship to hold the Blue Riband, as from then on the company focused on size and comfort over speed in its subsequent ships.
"Teutonic" became known for her rivalry with "City of New York", and there were a series of well publicised races across the Atlantic between the two ships, which lasted for as long as both ships were on the front line.
In 1897 "Teutonic" reassumed her military role for a Naval review commemorating Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee. In 1898, she had a minor collision in New York Harbor with the United States Lines' "Berlin", but neither ship suffered major damage.
Because of her Naval subsidy, in 1900, she served as a troop transport during the Boer War. In 1901, "Teutonic" encountered a tsunami, which washed two lookouts out of the crows nest who survived. The tsunami hit at night, so there were no passengers up on deck.
In 1907 "Teutonic", along with "Majestic", "Oceanic" and the new "Adriatic" was transferred to White Star's new 'Express Service' between Southampton and New York via Cherbourg and Queenstown. She made her first sailing on this route on 12 June that year. 
In 1911, the now ageing "Teutonic" was replaced in the White Star lineup by the new "Olympic". By the end of her career on White Star's UK-US services, she had carried a total of 209,466 passengers westbound and another 125,720 eastbound for a total of 335,186 passengers carried. 
She was transferred to White Star's sister company Dominion Line for a Canadian service, which ran from Liverpool, and terminated at Montreal in the summer season, and Portland, Maine in the winter. In order to prepare her for this service, she underwent a major refit at Belfast, in which her promenade decks were enclosed in order to protect passengers from the cold weather which could be expected on the route. Her accommodation was also extensively modified in order to carry 550 second class, and 1,000 third class passengers, with first class being discontinued. 
In October 1913 the ship narrowly avoided the same fate as "Titanic" when, at east of Belle Isle off the Newfoundland coast, she ran so close to an iceberg that she avoided collision only by reversing her engines and putting the helm hard aport. According to the 28 October 1913 issue of the "Chicago Tribune", "the liner passed within twenty feet of the iceberg. The fog was so thick that even at that small distance the berg could scarcely be distinguished. It was so close that there was danger that the propeller of the ship would strike it as the vessel went around. The passengers were not aware of their peril until it had been averted. They signed a testimonial to the captain and his officers expressing their gratitude and admiration for the care and skill displayed by them."
War service and last years.
In August 1914, with the start of World War I, "Teutonic" was requisitioned by the Royal Navy for use as an Armed Merchant Cruiser which she had been designed for. She was commissioned into the 10th Cruiser Squadron, where she took up position on the Northern Patrol between the Faroe Islands and the ice belt, and in the Denmark Strait between Iceland and Greenland. In 1916, she was bought outright by the Navy, and refitted with larger guns. In 1917, she served as a White Sea convoy escort. The following year, she was used as a troopship, transporting soldiers between Britain and Alexandria in Egypt, with a capacity for 1,500 soldiers.
She continued to be used for transport duties by the Navy until early 1921, when she was sold to German shipbreakers, and scrapped at Emden.

</doc>
<doc id="6905236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905236" title="Kent Jones (writer)">
Kent Jones (writer)

Thomas Kenton Jones (born June 12, 1964) is an American writer and performer on MSNBC's "The Rachel Maddow Show". He is a comedy writer who also wrote and performed at Air America Radio.
Career.
A Missouri native, Kent moved to New York City in 1986 and held a variety of journalism jobs working at "InStyle" and "People" and contributing freelance humor articles to various publications. 
"The Daily Show".
In 1996, he discovered the 'far more legitimate field of fake news' at "The Daily Show" on Comedy Central, where he was a writer for five years. Around this time, Jones was a writer on the TV special Unauthorized Biography: Milo, Death of a Supermodel.
In 2000, Kent and his fellow writers won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy, Variety or Special, as well as the Peabody Award for Excellence in Broadcasting. Kent then moved to Los Angeles and worked as a producer on shows at Oxygen and ABC.
Air America and "The Rachel Maddow Show".
In 2004 Kent moved back to New York to become part of the launch of Air America Radio. He wrote for "Unfiltered" with Lizz Winstead, Chuck D and Rachel Maddow where he delivered the "Unfiltered News". He also wrote extensively for "Morning Sedition" where he performed several characters including Foreign Correspondent Angus McFarquhar, Bill from Harlem and, most frequently, Planet Bush Bureau Chief Lawton Smalls. After the cancellation of "Morning Sedition" in December 2005, Kent continued to write and perform on "The Marc Maron Show" until its cancellation in July 2006. He appeared on "The Rachel Maddow Show", with daily Sports and "Kent Jones Now" segments and additional co-hosting, especially during her "Ask Dr. Maddow" and "Pet Story" segments. The Lawton Smalls character made "calls" to "The Sam Seder Show" and was on the November 7, 2006 live webcam election coverage with Rachel Maddow. Jones left Air America on Friday, December 14, 2007, as a result of a "business decision" by the management.
Jones became a regular contributor to "The Rachel Maddow Show" on MSNBC in September 2008. His regular segment "Just Enough" aired for several years during the last few minutes of the show and focused on pop culture news, before being quietly dropped. He now serves as a producer for the show, appearing occasionally on air as correspondent and in other segments. He also contributes humor pieces to the show's blog, The Maddowblog.
The show and its entire staff won an Emmy award in 2011 for Outstanding news and discussion analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="6905237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905237" title="Hakken">
Hakken

Hakken (sometimes Hakkûh) is a form of rave dance originating from the Dutch hardcore and gabber scene. The music one is able to do the dance to is also called "hakmuziek". The name is derived from the Dutch verb "hakken" which means chopping, or hacking, or refers to the heels of the feet.
In Australia, the dance is mainly referred to as gabber (noun) or (verb), named after the gabber subgenre of hardcore it is performed to. Despite the fact that it is called gabber, it is usually performed to music of the rawstyle and frenchcore genre by most ravers in Australia.
The dance consists of small steps that quickly follow each other to the rhythm of the bass drum. The lower body (down from the pelvis) is the most important part, though it is not unusual to move the arms and torso too. Because one is supposed to keep up to the beat of the song, the dance is usually done fairly quickly, since the BPM of this music style can easily reach 190 BPM.

</doc>
<doc id="6905240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905240" title="Socialist Party of Michigan">
Socialist Party of Michigan

The Socialist Party of Michigan (SPMI) is the state chapter of the Socialist Party USA in the U.S. state of Michigan. A party by the same name was the affiliate of the Socialist Party of America from 1901 until the national party renamed itself in a 1973 split.
Organizational history.
Formation.
The Socialist Party of Michigan was the state affiliate of the Socialist Party of America (SPA), established in the summer of 1901. During the late 1910s the organization came under the influence of a radical faction based in Detroit headed by John Keracher, which banned the advocacy of ameliorative reforms by party members, under penalty of expulsion. This brought the organization into conflict with the National Office of the SPA, which expelled the state organization in May 1919, "reorganizing" the state organization under more moderate leadership that same year.
Development.
Michigan went "dry" early in 1918, which had the effect of putting a number of bars and beer gardens out of business. Meeting halls became comparatively cheap to rent and purchase. Late in April 1918, Socialist Party regular Maurice Sugar and his friends helped to raise $10,000 through entertainments and raffles to pay for the down payment on a large building in Detroit which was later christened "The House of the Masses." A corporation consisting of members of Local Detroit Socialist Party was put in trust of the facility, which had a restaurant, game rooms, meeting rooms, and a large hall. With the establishment of a proper headquarters facility, membership in the Detroit Socialist organization increased dramatically, although fundraising to continue payments on the $70,000 facility also proved to be a burden for the local organization.
Conventions.
The 1916 convention was held in Muskegon on Sunday, September 17, and Monday, September 18, and was attended by some 60 delegates. The gathering was called to order by State Secretary John Keracher of Detroit. The report of the State Executive Committee showed an increase of membership in the party to about 4,000, although the organization remained on unsure financial grounds, showing a deficit of over $500.
The gathering readopted the organization's 1914 platform, with the elimination of a section voicing the organization's favor for industrial organization. This appears to have been a victory of the Keracher faction, drawing the ire of a group of 8 delegates, who submitted and official written criticism charging that the convention "clearly manifested" the "conspicuous act" of "failure... to pledge allegiance to the national and international organizations" and to lend support to the trade union movement.
The gathering also approved the publication of the official state bulletin as a section within "The Michigan Socialist," up to that time the organ of Local Detroit, as a cost-saving measure and nominated a full slate of candidates for the fall 1916 elections. This was regarded as a defeat by Keracher and his associates, of opposed the "party regular" tenor of the publication, with Keracher declaring the decision "a ruse to circulate the paper throughout the state."
The 1918 convention was held September 7 and 8 in the "House of the Masses" in Detroit and was attended by 56 delegates. The gathering named party regular Maurice Sugar chairman of the convention by a narrow margin. Chief on the agenda was the question of the level of support to be given by the state organization to the European revolutionary movement in general and the Russian revolution in particular, with radical resolutions by John Keracher and Alexander Rovin "to support the Soviet Government in every possible way and to the last dollar and man" defeated by the convention's moderate majority, on the grounds that such declarations might be illegal under the Espionage Act.
In its final session, the gathering had a heated battle over the financing and terms of support for "The Proletarian," the new publication of the Keracher-Proletarian University faction. Keracher lieutenant Al Renner introduced a motion calling for state financing and official support of the publication, which prompted the vigorous opposition by the moderate wing, led by Sugar, on the grounds that the publication "did not follow the policy of the National Office." Defeated on the floor of the convention, a group of radical delegates got together downtown at the offices of "The Proletarian" afterwards and established a new organization which was to operate as an organized faction within the SPA — the "Proletarian University of America."
The regular 1919 convention of the Socialist Party of Michigan was held February 24 in Grand Rapids. Some 51 delegates were in attendance, characterized in an article in the Left Wing press as a "harmonious gathering of boosters." The convention acted upon the resignation of State Secretary Bloomenberg by electing John Keracher to fill the balance of his unexpired term, passed a program calling for the establishment of socialism while presenting no ameliorative demands, passed a resolution on religion calling for all party agitators to speak against it from the basis of historical materialism, and unanimously endorsed the expansion of Marxist study groups in the state.
1973 re-organization.
The SPMI is also the successor to Michigan's former Human Rights Party, which elected multiple candidates to the City Councils of Ann Arbor and Ypsilanti before merging into SPMI in 1977.
The SPMI engages in electoral politics and non-electoral activism. Non-electoral activism includes explicitly socialist support for labor and unionization, anti-war and anti-imperialist agitation, support for feminist and anti-racist campaigns, and regular political forums, literature distributions, and demonstrations. The Socialist Party of Michigan also intermittently publishes a political magazine, "The Michigan Socialist".
Although Michigan's restrictive ballot access laws have thus far prevented the SPMI from obtaining a state ballot line, it has nevertheless run candidates in each of the past seven (2004, 2006, 2008, 2010, 2012, &amp; 2016) state general elections, who have qualified for the ballot by means of either obtaining the subsequent dual nomination of the ballot qualified Green Party of Michigan or by petition as independents. In each such instance, the Party's candidates have consistently run under the banner of the Socialist Party in all campaign materials and activities, in spite of their inability to have the Party's label listed with their names on the election ballot. Since 2004, the SPMI has run candidates on the ballot in two campaigns for U.S. Congress, four campaigns for the State House of Representatives, two campaigns for the State Board of Education, one campaign for the University of Michigan Board of Regents, one campaign for Michigan State University Board of Trustees, one campaign for Wayne State University Board of Governors, and one campaign for Oakland Community College Board of Trustees.
In 2004 the SPMI also qualified the Socialist Party ticket of Walt Brown for President and Mary Alice Herbert for Vice President for the Michigan ballot under the state qualified label of the nationally defunct Natural Law Party, combined with a slate of SPMI presidential electors. In 2016, it did the same for the Socialist Party presidential ticket of Mimi Soltysik and Angela Nicole Walker. The SPMI obtained official write-in status certification of the Socialist Party's 2008 presidential ticket of Brian Moore and Stewart Alexander and its 2012 presidential ticket of Stewart Alexander and Alejandro Mendoza.
In 2006, Matthew Erard, then a student at the University Michigan and chairman of the SPMI, ran for the 53rd district of the Michigan House of Representatives. Because the Socialist Party was not officially recognized by the state government, Erard was officially running without party affiliation. Erard received 847 votes (2.51%) in the general election. Erard sought the same office two years later and was endorsed by both the Socialist Party of Michigan and the Green Party of Michigan. He appeared on the Green Party ballot line and increased both the total number of votes earned (2,200) and overall percentage (4.55%). Erard appeared on conservative talk radio station WJR, where he defended socialist politics and economic ideas.
In July 2010 the party filed a lawsuit against the Michigan Secretary of State challenging the constitutionality of the Michigan statute governing the ballot qualification of political parties, and arguing that it has legally satisfied the criteria for ballot qualification under the governing statute's enacted requirements. The party's lawsuit is pending an application for leave to the Michigan Supreme Court. In conjunction with its legal claims, the Party filed documents with the Michigan Secretary of State to certify the nomination of seven member candidates for state and federal office in the 2010 General Election. However, the Michigan Secretary of State certified the ballot qualification of only those two candidates, among its 2010 nominees, who had subsequently obtained the Green Party of Michigan's back-up nomination for the same 2010 offices.
The SPMI twice consecutively hosted the Socialist Party USA's biennial National Organizing Conference — in August 2006 in Detroit and July 2008 in Ann Arbor. The SPMI has a chartered local in Metro Detroit and has, in recent years, also had chartered locals in the counties of Kalamazoo, Marquette and Washtenaw. The SPMI is also a founding member of the Michigan Third Parties Coalition.
In 2016, the party's presidential nominee, Mimi Soltysik, was nominated by the ballot-qualified Natural Law Party. The party also endorsed party member Michael Anderson's campaign for the Michigan House of Representatives (District 70). Anderson ran on the Green Party of Michigan's ballot line.

</doc>
<doc id="6905242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905242" title="Christophe Le Friant">
Christophe Le Friant



</doc>
<doc id="6905244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905244" title="Grunay">
Grunay

Grunay is an uninhabited island in the Out Skerries group, the most easterly part of Shetland, Scotland. Its area is 55.58 acres, or 22.49 hectares.
The island is the site of the lighthouse keeper's house for the lighthouse on the nearby Bound Skerry. This house was abandoned following the automation of the light in 1972.
A Blenheim IV bomber from No. 404 Squadron RCAF crashed on the south side of the island on the morning of 21 February 1942, possibly crippled by enemy fire off the coast of Norway. A plaque was placed on the island in 1990 to commemorate the crew by the nephew of one of the three men who died.

</doc>
<doc id="6905245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905245" title="Seven Bridges Road">
Seven Bridges Road

"Seven Bridges Road" is a song written by American musician Steve Young, recorded in 1969 for his "Rock Salt &amp; Nails" album. It has since been covered by many artists, the best-known versions being a five-part harmony arrangement by English musician Iain Matthews in 1973 and a similar version recorded by the American rock band the Eagles in 1980.
Composition and original recording.
"Seven Bridges Road" is an ode to Woodley Road (County Road 39, Montgomery County, Alabama), a rural two-lane road which runs south off East Fairview Avenue — the southern boundary of the Cloverdale neighborhood of Montgomery, Alabama — at Cloverdale Road, and which features seven bridges: three pairs of bridges, and the seventh approximately one mile south by itself. The song's composer, Steve Young, stated that he and his friends "used to go out to Woodley Road carousing around": "I wound up writing this song that I never dreamed anybody would even relate to, or understand, or get. And I still don't understand why it was so successful, actually." "I don't know [exactly] what [the] song means." "Consciously... I [just] wrote... a song about a girl and a road in south Alabama." "But I think on another level the song has something kind of cosmic... that registers in the subconscious: the number seven has all of these religious and mystical connotations."
Living on-and-off in Montgomery in the early 1960s, Young stated that he made "a few close friends there who were very different than the mainstream [locals. These friends told] me about this...Seven Bridges Road...As you went out into the countryside the road became this dirt road, and you crossed seven bridges, and then it was almost like an old Disney scene or something, with these high bank dirt roads and trees hanging down, old cemeteries, and so on. It was very beautiful...and on a moonlit night it was exceedingly beautiful." Young initially believed that Seven Bridges Road was his friends' personal byname for Woodley Road, stating, "I found out later that [it] had been called that for a long, long time. A lot of people over the years had been struck by the beauty of the road, and the folk name for it was Seven Bridges Road." Journalist Wayne Greenhaw in his book "My Heart Is in the Earth: True Stories of Alabama &amp; Mexico" (Red River Publishing/ 2001) relates how on a Sunday in springtime he accompanied Young and their friend Jimmy Evans on a drive down Woodley Road to Orion for a guitar jam session with bluesman C. P. Austin, and that it was on the return trip up Woodley Road that Young began the composition of Seven Bridges Road. Jimmy Evans, then Young's roommate and later Attorney General of Alabama, recalled frequenting Woodley Road, including the specific visit which triggered Young's writing the song, stating, "I'd go down [Woodley Road] to Orion a lot to listen to... C. P. Austin...There [were] seven wooden bridges [on Woodley] and we'd go out there a lot... I thought it was the most beautiful place around Montgomery that I'd ever seen. That road was a cavern of moss; it looked like a tunnel."..."[One] night [when] there was a full moon... we were in my Oldsmobile, and when I stopped Steve got out on the right side fender. We sat there a while, and he started writing down words." Evans recalls that after beginning to write the song on Woodley Road that night, Young completed his composition at the apartment he and Evans shared in Montgomery's Capitol Heights neighborhood.
Young's own recollection was that the final version "was put together over a period of several years. Sometimes I'd say [to myself] 'good song'. Then I'd say nobody could relate to a song like this." Young did play a completed version of the song at a gig in Montgomery - according to Jimmy Evans, Young's said his local performing venue was the Shady Grove club and stated, "it got a big reaction. I was very surprised and thought it just because it was a local known thing and that was why they liked it." When Young did approach a Hollywood-based music publisher in 1969 with Seven Bridges Road he was advised the song "wasn't commercial enough." Seven Bridges Road was not originally intended for inclusion on the "Rock Salt &amp; Nails" album; in fact, Young states album producer Tommy LiPuma "didn't want me to record original songs. He wanted me to be strictly a singer and interpreter of folk songs and country standards." However, in Young's words: "One day we ran out of songs to record [for "Rock Salt &amp; Nails"] in the studio... I started playing Seven Bridges Road. LiPuma interjected: 'You "know" I don't want to hear original stuff.' But [guitarist] James Burton said, 'Hey, this song sounds good and it is ready, let's put it down... After it was recorded, LiPuma had to admit that, original or not, it was good." Subsequent to the song's introduction on A&amp;M's 1969 "Rock Salt &amp; Nails", Young remade the song three more times: on his Reprise Records 1972 album entitled "Seven Bridges Road" and on his RCA Victor 1978 album "No Place to Fall", as well as his 1981 reissue album for Rounder Records again entitled "Seven Bridges Road"; this 1981 album being a hybrid reissue/archival release, with five tracks from Young's '72 LP of the same name, with four outtakes from the original sessions as well as Young's last studio version of "Seven Bridges Road."
Iain Matthews version/Eagles version.
"Seven Bridges Road" would have its highest profile incarnation due to a 1980 live recording by Eagles whose 4/4 time signature and close harmony vocal arrangement are borrowed from a recording made by Iain Matthews from his August 1973 album release "Valley Hi". Matthews' album was recorded with producer Michael Nesmith at the latter's Countryside Ranch studio in North Hills, Los Angeles: Nesmith would recall of Matthews' recording of "Seven Bridges Road": "Ian and I put it together and [we] sang about six or seven part harmony on the thing, and I played acoustic. It turned out to be a beautiful record[ing]". On the similarity of the Eagles' later version, Nesmith would state: "Son of a gun ifDon [Henley] or somebody in the Eagles didn't lift [our] arrangement absolutely note for note for vocal harmonyIf they can't think it up themselves [and] they've got to steal it from somebody else, better they should steal itfrom me I guess." Matthews would recall that, in 1973, he and the members of the Eagles were acquainted through frequenting the Troubadour: "we were forever going back to somebody's house and playing music. Don Henley had a copy of 'Valley Hi' that he liked, so I've no doubt about that being where their version of the song came from."
Eagles recorded "Seven Bridges Road" for their "Eagles Live" concert album. According to band member Don Felder, when Eagles first began playing stadiums the group would warm up pre-concert by singing "Seven Bridges Road" in a locker room shower area. Afterwards, each concert would then open with the group's five members singing "Seven Bridges Road" a capella into a single microphone. Felder recalls that it "blew [the audience] away. It was always a vocally unifying moment, all five voices coming together in harmony." Following the release of the "Hotel California" album, that set's title cut replaced "Seven Bridges Road" as the Eagles' concert opener, and according to Felder, the band "rarely even bothered to rehearse with it in the shower of the dressing room anymore." The song was restored to the set list for the Eagles' tour prior to the band's 31 July 1980 breakup with the band's performance of the song at their 28 July 1980 concert at the Santa Monica Civic Auditorium, which was recorded for the "Eagles Live" album released in November 1980. They issued it as a single, with "The Long Run (live)" as its B-side; the song reached No. 21 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 becoming the group's final Top 40 hit until "Get Over It" by the reunited band in 1994. "Seven Bridges Road" also became the third Eagles' single to appear on the "Billboard" C&amp;W chart, reaching No. 55 there. At the time the Eagles charted with "Seven Bridges Road" the song's composer Steve Young commented, "I didn't like the Eagles' version at first. I thought it was too bluegrassy, too gospel. But the more I hear it, the better it sounds."
Ricochet version.
Ricochet, who had been performing "Seven Bridges Road" in concert, recorded the song in 1998 in the sessions for the intended album release "What a Ride". After two advance singles from "What a Ride": "Honky Tonk Baby" and "Can't Stop Thinkin' 'Bout That," had fallen short of the Top 40 of the C&amp;W chart, the track "Seven Bridges Road" was sent to C&amp;W radio 19 April 1999. The track's sepia tone promo video - filmed on Woodley Road on 22–23 March 1999 and mostly comprising footage of trysting couples shown at various times during the 20th century - received strong support from CMT: however the track itself only rose to No. 48 on the C&amp;W chart, and the release of its parent "What a Ride" album - intended for July 1999 - was canceled. "Seven Bridges Road" was ultimately included on Ricochet's 2000 album release, "What You Leave Behind," with the track serving as B-side of that album's first single, "Do I Love You Enough". "Seven Bridges Road" is performed live by Ricochet on the band's 2004 concert album "The Live Album".

</doc>
<doc id="6905248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905248" title="Swansea Uplands RFC">
Swansea Uplands RFC

Swansea Uplands RFC is a rugby union club based in Upper Killay, Swansea, Wales, who play in the WRU Swalec Leagues. They are currently in Division 2 West A.
Swansea Uplands RFC was founded at the Uplands Hotel, Swansea in 1919 by players of the pre World War I Swansea Grammar School team on their return to Swansea. This is how they came to name the club "Swansea Uplands RFC".
Early history.
The first tour was undertaken in 1921 to London with victories over London Wasps and Streatham and the following season, Parkhurst and Saracens. Tours continued in future years against opposition such as Upper Clapton and Hereford.
In 1922–23, the club found itself with sufficient players to establish an “A” (2nd) XV. The same season, after having played matches at Singleton Park, the recreation ground and St. Helens, the club obtained the lease on a pitch near The Bible College, Derwen Fawr, where they continued to play until the outbreak of World War II, although some matches were still played at St. Helens. In 1928, proposed by Pontardawe RFC and seconded by Pontarddulais RFC, the club applied for membership of the Welsh Rugby Union and at a meeting of the W.R.U. on 13 September 1928 this was granted.
The club played its final pre war fixture on tour against Old Whitgiftians in Croydon on 10 April 1939 and following a meeting held on 18 April 1939, the club enlisted en-bloc forming a “sportsman’s platoon” in 5th Battalion The Welch Regiment.
Post 1945.
The club was reformed following World War II at a meeting held at St. Helens Cricket Pavilion, Swansea on Monday 10 May 1948 and the initial 1st XV fixture was played at Mumbles on 23 September with the “A” XV playing the same opponents two days later. After resuming playing at Derwen Fawr, the club sought its own ground and in 1952 purchased the field at Upper Killay. On 24 April 1956, the club played and defeated an International XV selected by Clem Thomas at St. Helens and raised the then considerable sum of £400 for charity. The clubhouse was built by the members and following a special match on 23 April 1958 to mark the occasion, the clubhouse was formally opened by Mr. Enoch H. Rees, President of the Welsh Rugby Union.
The “B” (or third) XV, first played on 15 November 1958. The clubhouse was extended to create the long bar and additional changing rooms and a celebration match was played against a Public Schools XV on 30 April 1962. The following September, a fourth XV, the Surfs was established. The extra ground needed for the creation of a second pitch was purchased in early 1963 and for the 1963–64 season, the “B” XV was renamed “The Unicorns”. In 1969 the club marked its 50th anniversary with a match on 28 April between a club XV and an International XV and a celebration dinner with Brigadier Glyn Hughes, the president of The Barbarians as chief guest.
In 1970, the club took the decision to play league rugby and was accepted into the West Wales Rugby Union. The first competitive match was in the West Wales Cup with a 3–0 victory at Penygroes on 13 February 1971 and the first league match was played the following season on 18 September 1971 at Burry Port. The commitment to the league however spelt the end of the club's traditional fixture list, which had covered an area from Newport to Aberystwyth. That year, the club established its first junior teams, becoming a founder member of the Swansea and District Boys Rugby Union.
A captains board was unveiled in 1977 when a team of ex 1st XV captains played a team of ex 2nd and 3rd XV captains. The club needed more space and in 1982, a further extension was built increasing the bar and changing facilities and this was marked by a match on Sunday 26 September against a Llanelli XV led by Derek Quinnell, containing three British Lions in addition to numerous players with international honours. In January 1986, the club became the first club in west Wales with a women's XV when the St. Thomas Ladies XV began playing at Upper Killay and changed their name to Swansea Uplands.
The club broke new ground when in September 1990 it hosted a "Romanian under 21" XV, which was the first side to leave Romania after the revolution. This team was found to contain 9 full internationals with all members of the squad being at least A internationals. In 1993, the club installed new floodlights to light both pitches and these were movable to enable cricket to be played in the summer.
Although the club had previously run an occasional veterans XV, in 1992, it became the home of Swansea Veterans RFC, when former Swansea RFC captain Bryn Evans founded that club, basing it at Swansea Uplands. Swansea Veterans is composed of former players from clubs in the Swansea area.
A further enhancement of facilities took place in 1995, when new changing rooms, showers, first aid and weight training facilities were added with the whole club having a new roof. The most recent addition to the club came in 2003, when Swansea Gladiators, the special needs XV based themselves at the club.
During its history, the club has earned a deserved reputation for playing host to teams from countries as varied as Argentina, Australia, Canada, England, Finland, France, Ireland, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Romania, Scotland, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland and the USA. The club has also toured many of these countries together with others such as Belgium, Luxembourg and Portugal.
The club also has a cricket XI who play midweek evening fixtures and organise a popular annual six a side tournament, using a newly laid artificial wicket. The club's facilities are also used in the summer by Sketty Church Cricket Club who play Saturday cricket in the central league as well as midweek cricket.
The club has recently been promoted from the WRU national leagues and will play in one of the division 4 leagues in the following season. Swansea Uplands is also home to a Junior Section with teams from under 8's upwards and is also the home of Swansea Veterans, youth and of the special needs team Swansea Gladiators.
Post club redevelopment.
In 2013 the club had a massive cash injection and £1,000,000 was invested on the club facilities and infrastructure. The club now brings in a high number of spectators and widely regarded as the most up and coming team in the Swalec Leagues.
Swansea Uplands now play in the newly restructured Swalec WRU Division 2 West A. They have come close to promotion a few times over the last two seasons, missing out by one place in the 2014–15 season.
They have had some notable wins in recent times, most notably a win against one of their local rivals Mumbles RFC in 2014–15, who were two leagues above at the time.
Nowadays, they have a formidable 1st XV, 2nd XV and Youth Team, with notable names such as Chunky P, Harri Jones, Jersh, and Big Money Mason

</doc>
<doc id="6905250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905250" title="Satsuma-age">
Satsuma-age

 is a fried fishcake originating from Kagoshima, Japan. Surimi and flour are mixed to make a compact paste that is solidified through frying. It is a specialty of the Satsuma region. It is known by a variety of regional names throughout Japan.
The paste is made from fish and seasoned with salt, sugar, and other spices and molded into several shapes. It is made not only from ground fish but can include wood ear, beni shōga, onion, Welsh onion and other vegetables, squid, octopus, shrimp and other seafood, and spices. In fishing villages, it is made from local fish, such as sardines, shark, bonito or mackerel. It is often made by mixing two or more kinds of fish.
People eat satsuma-age plain or lightly roasted and dipped in ginger and soy sauce or mustard and soy sauce. It is used in oden, udon, sara udon or nimono (stewed dishes).
Composition.
Commonly Satsuma-age used cod as a filling; however, as cod stocks have been depleted other varieties of white fish are used, such as haddock or whiting. Satsuma-age may use oily fish such as salmon for a markedly different flavour.
The fish used to make surimi (Japanese: 擂り身, literally "ground meat") include:
History.
There are varied histories of Satsuma-age, but the most famous birthplace is the Satsuma district in Kagoshima. It is said that, in about 1864, the Shimazu clan brought it to Satsuma from Okinawa through some exchange and invasion. In those days, Okinawans called fried-boiled fish paste chigiage. After it was brought to Kagoshima, it was produced as tsukiage and selected as one of the best 100 local dishes.
Regional names.
Depending on the region, the dish is known under different names. In Tōhoku and the Kantō region it is called "Satsuma-age" after its place of origin in Kagoshima. In the Chubu region it is known as "Hanpen". Hokkaido and west Japan people call it "Tempura" (different from Tempura). In Kyushu and Okinawa, this dish is called "Tempura", "Tsukeage" or "Chikiagi".

</doc>
<doc id="6905254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905254" title="MCTC-HS">
MCTC-HS



</doc>
<doc id="6905258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905258" title="Legislative districts of San Juan">
Legislative districts of San Juan

The legislative districts of San Juan are the representations of the highly urbanized city of San Juan in the Congress of the Philippines. The city is represented in the lower house of the Congress through its lone congressional district.
History.
San Juan, formerly known as San Juan del Monte, was initially represented as part of the at-large district of the province of Manila in the Malolos Congress from 1898 to 1899. The then-town was later incorporated to the province of Rizal, established in 1901, and was represented as part of the first district of Rizal from 1907 to 1941 and from 1945 to 1972. When the then-town was merged to form the City of Greater Manila during World War II, it was represented as part of the at-large district of Manila from 1943 to 1944. San Juan was separated from Rizal on November 7, 1975 by virtue of Presidential Decree No. 824, and was represented in the Interim Batasang Pambansa along with other Metropolitan Manila municipalities and cities as part of Region IV from 1978 to 1984.
San Juan was grouped with Mandaluyong from 1984 to 1995 for representation in the Regular Batasang Pambansa and the restored House of Representatives, as the Legislative district of San Juan–Mandaluyong. The two were separated and granted their own representations in Congress by virtue of section 49 of Mandaluyong's city charter (Republic Act No. 7675) which was approved on February 9, 1994, and ratified on April 10, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="6905265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905265" title="Mansfield Ski Club">
Mansfield Ski Club

Mansfield Ski Club is a private club located in Mulmur, Ontario, Canada, about 100 kilometres northwest of Toronto. 
It features 18 groomed runs serviced by 6 lifts. The club offers "Snow School" instructors as well as competitive race programs coaching. The club also includes four food and beverage stations, an onsite daycare, a fully equipped rental shop offering tuning/repair services, yoga classes, snowshoe trails, and reciprocal access to over 13 private clubs located across the Greater Toronto Area. 
Fees.
In 2021, the CBC News reported that membership in the Mansfield Ski Club costs $15,000 per family to start, with annual dues ranging between $8,000 to $10,00 per year for a family of four thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="6905266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905266" title="Flight director (aeronautics)">
Flight director (aeronautics)

In aviation, a flight director (FD) is a flight instrument that is overlaid on the attitude indicator that shows the pilot of an aircraft the attitude required to execute the desired flight path. Flight directors are mostly commonly used during approach and landing. They can be used with or without autopilot systems.
Description.
Flight director (FD) modes integrated with autopilot systems perform calculations for more advanced automation, like "selected course (intercepting), changing altitudes, and tracking navigation sources with cross winds." FD computes and displays the proper pitch and bank angles required for the aircraft to follow a selected flight path.
The flight director usually receives input from an Air Data Computer (ADC) and a flight data computer. The ADC supplies altitude, airspeed and temperature data, heading data from magnetic sources such as flux valves, heading selected on the Horizontal Situation Indicator (HSI) (or Primary flight display (PFD)/multi-function display (MFD)/ electronic horizontal situation indicator (EHSI)), navigation data from Flight Management System (FMS), VHF omnidirectional range (VOR)/ (DME), and RNAV sources. The flight data computer integrates all of the data such as speed, position, closure, drift, track, desired course, and altitude into a command signal. The command signal is displayed on the attitude indicator in the form of command bars, which show the pitch and roll inputs necessary to achieve the selected targets. 
The pilot simply keeps the aircraft symbol on the attitude indicator aligned with the command bars, or allow the autopilot to make the actual control movements to fly the selected track and altitude. A simple example: The aircraft flies level on 045° heading at flight level FL150 at indicated airspeed, the FD bars are thus centered. Then the flight director is set to heading 090° and a new flight level FL200. The aircraft must thus turn to the right and climb.
This is done by banking to the right while climbing. The roll bar will deflect to the right and the pitch bar will deflect upwards. The pilot will then pull back on the control column while banking to the right. Once the aircraft reaches the proper bank angle, the FD vertical bar will center and remain centered until it is time to roll back to wings level (when the heading approaches 090°).
When the aircraft approaches FL200 the FD horizontal bar will deflect downwards thus commanding the pilot to lower the nose in order to level off at FL200.
A flight director can be used with or without automation of the flight control surfaces. The FD is commonly used in direct connection with the autopilot (AP), where the FD commands the AP to put the aircraft in the attitude necessary to follow a trajectory. In some aircraft, the autopilot cannot function without the flight director engaged. Without a flight director, the autopilot will be limited to simpler modes such as following a heading or maintaining an altitude. With a flight director, the autopilot can follow a flight plan programmed into the flight computer.
The exact form of the flight director's display varies with the instrument type, either crosshair or command bars (so-called "cue").

</doc>
<doc id="6905282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905282" title="Quaternary carbon">
Quaternary carbon

A quaternary carbon is a carbon atom bound to four other carbon atoms. For this reason, quaternary carbon atoms are found only in hydrocarbons having at least five carbon atoms. Quaternary carbon atoms can occur in branched alkanes, but not in linear alkanes.
Synthesis.
The formation of chiral quaternary carbon centers has been a synthetic challenge. Chemists have developed asymmetric Diels–Alder reactions, Heck reaction, Enyne cyclization, cycloaddition reactions, C–H activation, Allylic substitution, Pauson–Khand reaction, etc. to construct asymmetric quaternary carbon atoms.
One of the most industrially important compounds containing a quaternary carbon is bis-phenol A (BPA). The central atom is a quaternary carbon. Retrosynthetically, that carbon is the central atom of an acetone molecule before condensation with two equivalents of phenol - BPA Production Process

</doc>
<doc id="6905290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905290" title="St. Harmon">
St. Harmon



</doc>
<doc id="6905299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905299" title="Doctor Pong">
Doctor Pong

Doctor Pong, also known as Puppy Pong, is an adaption of the original arcade Pong for use in a non-coin-operated environment. It was conceptualized by Nolan Bushnell, Steve Bristow, and a marketing firm to move their arcade video games into a non-arcade environment—in this case, to help occupy children in pediatricians' waiting rooms. Originally designed to be a model of Snoopy's doghouse with Pong built into the side of it, when Charles Schulz declined Atari the use of Snoopy, the model was changed to a generic doghouse with a puppy looking over the top. "Puppy Pong" saw a limited production run and was tested at Chuck E. Cheese's Pizza Time Theatre's first two locations.
Development.
The original "Snoopy Pong" cabinet was designed by Regan Cheng of the Atari Industrial Design group. The follow-up "Puppy Pong" cabinet was designed by Regan's manager, Chas Grossman.
Both cabinets consisted of a doghouse housing a Pong board modified to not use a coin drop as a start trigger. The original "Pong" automatically starts several seconds after a coin is inserted. In "Doctor Pong" and "Puppy Pong", a "start button" was instead wired up to start the games, set under the vertically mounted television in the dog house "roof." Instead of a traditional control panel, spinners are mounted directly on the roof, as well.

</doc>
<doc id="6905305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905305" title="Charles Thompson (American football)">
Charles Thompson (American football)

Charles Thompson (born May 28, 1968) is an American businessman, motivational speaker, and former football player, best known for his tenure and spectacular downfall as the quarterback of the Oklahoma Sooners.
Rise with the Sooners.
Raised in Lawton, Oklahoma, Thompson proved to be a highly skilled athlete and was recruited by the University of Oklahoma, an NCAA Division I-A college football program, under head coach Barry Switzer. He was also drafted by Major League Baseball's Cincinnati Reds in the 4th round as a second baseman; however, he decided to focus on football. As a redshirt freshman, Thompson became the starting quarterback of the nationally ranked Sooners for the 1987 season. The highlight came on November 21, 1987, when Thompson led the offense of then No. 2-ranked Sooners to a dominating victory over the #1 Nebraska Cornhuskers in a game that was heavily hyped as the Game of the Century II. While the Sooners would drop their final game of the season in the 1988 Orange Bowl and finish 11–1, Thompson's status as a nationally famous collegiate athlete was confirmed.
During the 1988 season, Thompson, now a redshirt sophomore, led the Sooners to a 9–3 record. Thompson was a successful quarterback, named to the All-Big Eight Conference - 1st team. Off the field he was a celebrity, volunteering to speak to at-risk youth about how to succeed in the face of adversity and, the danger of illegal drugs.
Downfall.
Arrest.
On January 26, 1989, the FBI videotaped Thompson selling 17 grams of cocaine for $1,400 to an undercover agent. On February 13, Thompson was arrested in Norman, Oklahoma and charged with dealing cocaine. He was released to his mother's custody on February 15, to await trial as Thompson waived his right to a preliminary hearing. In the meantime, the Sooners suspended him from the team.
Aftermath.
A media frenzy followed the arrest, peaking when a notorious picture of the handcuffed Thompson in a prison jumpsuit appeared on the cover of the February 27, 1989 issue of "Sports Illustrated", accompanied by accusations that the Switzer-led Sooners were out of control. Switzer's Sooners had already been under heavy public and media scrutiny before the incident as players had been arrested, in separate incidents, for assault with a deadly weapon and rape. With the national coverage brought by his star quarterback's arrest, Switzer resigned as head coach soon afterwards after leading the team for sixteen seasons.
Trial and prison.
At his trial at a federal court in Oklahoma City, Thompson pleaded guilty, saying he knew he had done wrong and would take his punishment. The plea waived his rights to a jury trial and grand jury consideration of his case. He was convicted on April 26 of one count of conspiracy to distribute cocaine and sentenced on August 31 to two years in prison. He entered a federal prison in Big Spring, Texas on September 20, 1989.
While in prison, Thompson spoke out on the pressure and vices that can befall big-time college football. He was interviewed for ESPN by Chris Fowler, and, with Allan Sonnenschein, wrote the 1990 book "Down and Dirty: The Life and Crimes of Oklahoma Football" ().
After prison.
Return to football.
Although his sentence carried a maximum term of 27 months and a minimum term of 21, he was released after 17 months and transferred to Central State University, a historically black university located in Wilberforce, Ohio. He joined Central State's then-NAIA football team primarily as a running back, and helped them win the 1992 NAIA Division I Championship. As a 25-year-old junior, Thompson carried 200 times for 1,018 yards and five touchdowns and caught 29 passes for 439 yards and 7 touchdowns. He decided to forgo his senior year and enter the 1993 NFL Draft; however, his past proved to be too great a risk for NFL teams, so he went undrafted and never played in the NFL.
Post-football.
With his football career over, Thompson completed his degree, reaffirmed his Christianity and married. He found success as a motivational speaker, and his turnaround was featured in a "Sports Illustrated" "Where are they now?" feature. His oldest son Kendal Thompson also played quarterback at University of Oklahoma before transferring to the University of Utah. He was instrumental in Utah's win over #8 UCLA on October 4, 2014. In July 2016, Kendal signed a three-year contract as a wide receiver for the Washington Redskins. His middle son, Casey Thompson, played at the University of Texas from 2017 to 2021. After dealing with a hand injury between various starts during the 2021 season, he announced he would transfer to the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. On May 10, 2023, he transferred to FAU (2023). On January 11, 2024, he announced his transfer to the University of Oklahoma for his final year of college eligibility. His youngest son is Cade Thompson. Charles currently resides in Oklahoma City.

</doc>
<doc id="6905316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905316" title="Ganmodoki">
Ganmodoki

 is a fried tofu fritter made with vegetables, such as carrots, lotus roots and burdock. It may also contain egg. "Ganmodoki" means "pseudo-goose" ( + ). This is because ganmodoki is said to taste like goose; compare mock turtle soup. "Ganmodoki" is also called "ganmo" for short.
In the Edo period, "ganmodoki" was a stir-fried konjac dish. A dish similar to the ganmodoki today was made by wrapping chopped up vegetables in tofu (much like a manjū) and deep frying it.
In Western Japan, Ganmodoki is called "hiryōzu", "hiryuzu" or "hirōsu", from the Portuguese word "filhós" or Spanish "fillos".

</doc>
<doc id="6905320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905320" title="Holy cross regional">
Holy cross regional



</doc>
<doc id="6905325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905325" title="Hitler's diaries">
Hitler's diaries



</doc>
<doc id="6905326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905326" title="Tedimmi Kam">
Tedimmi Kam



</doc>
<doc id="6905327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905327" title="Chuck Smith (businessman)">
Chuck Smith (businessman)

Charles H. Smith is an African-American businessman who is the retired President and CEO of the Fortune 500 company, AT&amp;T West. Smith has a lifelong interest in the Boy Scouts of America (BSA).
His childhood interest in radio led to a career in telecommunications. Smith graduated from California State University, Los Angeles in 1967. He was hired by Pacific Telephone, which became AT&amp;T West. Smith was named one of the 50 Most Important African Americans in Technology by US Black Engineer and Information Technology magazine in 2003. 
Smith is committed to mentoring young African-Americans. As a youth, he had dyslexia and was very shy. He found a support system in Scouting. Smith became an Eagle Scout in 1959, and was a 2005 recipient of the Distinguished Eagle Scout Award. He gives speeches that are well-received about the positive impact Scouting had on him as a youth. He is also a member of BSA's National Executive Board and the board of BSA's Mount Diablo Silverado Council. He supports efforts to increase minority involvement in Scouting. In 2010 he was honored with the Silver Buffalo Award by the Boy Scouts of America, its highest award for adults.
Member of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity, Upsilon chapter at California State University, Los Angeles in spring of 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="6905341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905341" title="HRH The Duke of Gloucester">
HRH The Duke of Gloucester



</doc>
<doc id="6905344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905344" title="HRH The Duke of Kent">
HRH The Duke of Kent



</doc>
<doc id="6905345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905345" title="Greenhouse gas inventory">
Greenhouse gas inventory

Greenhouse gas inventories are emission inventories of greenhouse gas emissions that are developed for a variety of reasons. Scientists use inventories of natural and anthropogenic (human-caused) emissions as tools when developing atmospheric models. Policy makers use inventories to develop strategies and policies for emissions reductions and to track the progress of those policies. 
Regulatory agencies and corporations also rely on inventories to establish compliance records with allowable emission rates. Businesses, the public, and other interest groups use inventories to better understand the sources and trends in emissions.
Unlike some other air emission inventories, greenhouse gas inventories include not only emissions from source categories, but also removals by carbon sinks. These removals are typically referred to as carbon sequestration.
Greenhouse gas inventories typically use Global warming potential (GWP) values to combine emissions of various greenhouse gases into a single weighted value of emissions.
Examples.
Some of the key examples of greenhouse gas inventories include:
Greenhouse gas emissions accounting.
Greenhouse gas emissions accounting is measuring the amount of greenhouse gases (GHG) emitted during a given period of time by a polity, usually a country but sometimes a region or city. Such measures are used to conduct climate science and climate policy.
There are two main, conflicting ways of measuring GHG emissions: "production-based" (also known as territorial-based) and "consumption-based". The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change defines production-based emissions as taking place “within national territory and offshore areas over which the country has jurisdiction”. Consumption-based emissions take into account the effects of trade, encompassing the emissions from domestic final consumption and those caused by the production of its imports. From the perspective of trade, consumption-based emissions accounting is thus the reverse of production-based emissions accounting, which includes exports but excludes imports (Table 1).
The choice of accounting method can have very important effects on policymaking, as each measure can generate a very different result. Thus, different values for a National greenhouse gas Emissions Inventory (NEI) could result in a country choosing different optimal mitigation activities, the wrong choice based on wrong information being potentially damaging. The application of production-based emissions accounting is currently favoured in policy terms as it is easier to measure, but it is criticised in the literature principally for its inability to allocate emissions embodied in international trade/transportation and the potential for carbon leakage.
Almost all countries in the world are parties to the Paris Agreement, which requires them to provide regular production-based GHG emissions inventories to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), in order to track both countries achievement of their nationally determined contributions and climate policies as well as regional climate policies such as the EU Emissions Trading Scheme (ETS), and the world's progress in limiting global warming. 
Comparison of production based and consumption-based accounting.
Over the last few decades emissions have grown at an increasing rate from 1.0% yr−1 throughout the 1990s to 3.4% yr−1 between 2000 and 2008. These increases have been driven not only by a growing global population and per-capita GDP, but also by global increases in the energy intensity of GDP (energy per unit GDP) and the carbon intensity of energy (emissions per unit energy). These drivers are most apparent in developing markets (Kyoto non-Annex B countries), but what is less apparent is that a substantial fraction of the growth in these countries is to satisfy the demand of consumers in developed countries (Kyoto Annex B countries). This is exaggerated by a process known as Carbon Leakage whereby Annex B countries decrease domestic production in place of increased importation of products from non-Annex B countries where emission policies are less strict. Although this may seem the rational choice for consumers when considering local pollutants, consumers are inescapably affected by global pollutants such as GHG, irrespective of where production occurs. Although emissions during the 2008 financial crisis, the longer-term trend of increased emissions has resumed.
Today, much international effort is put into slowing the anthropogenic release of GHG and resulting climate change. In order to set benchmarks and emissions targets for - as well as monitor and evaluate the progress of - international and regional policies, the accurate measurement of each country's NEI becomes imperative.
Production-based accounting.
As production-based emissions accounting is currently favoured in policy terms, its methodology is well established. Emissions are calculated not directly but indirectly from fossil fuel usage and other relevant processes such as industry and agriculture according to 2006 guidelines issued by the IPCC for GHG reporting. The guidelines span numerous methodologies dependent on the level of sophistication (Tiers 1–3 in Table 2). The simplest methodology combines the extent of human activity with a coefficient quantifying the emissions from that activity, known as an ‘emission factor’. For example, to estimate emissions from the energy sector (typically contributing over 90% of emissions and 75% of all GHG emissions in developed countries) the quantity of fuels combusted is combined with an emission factor - the level of sophistication increasing with the accuracy and complexity of the emission factor. Table 2 outlines how the UK implements these guidelines to estimate some of its emissions-producing activities.
Emissions from burning wood are counted against the country where the trees were felled rather than the country where they are burnt.
Consumption-based accounting.
Consumption-based emissions accounting has an equally established methodology using Input-Output Tables. These "display the interconnection between different sectors of production and allow for a tracing of the production and consumption in an economy" and were originally created for national economies. However, as production has become increasingly international and the import/export market between nations has flourished, Multi-Regional Input-Output (MRIO) models have been developed. The unique feature of MRIO is allowing a product to be traced across its production cycle, "quantifying the contributions to the value of the product from different economic sectors in various countries represented in the model. It hence offers a description of the global supply chains of products consumed". From this, assuming regional- and industry-specific data for CO2 emissions per unit of output are available, the total amount of emissions for the product can be calculated, and therefore the amount of emissions the final consumer is allocated responsibility for.
The two methodologies of emissions accounting begin to expose their key differences. Production-based accounting is transparently consistent with GDP, whereas consumption-based accounting (more complex and uncertain) is consistent with national consumption and trade. However, the most important difference is that the latter covers global emissions - including those ‘embodied’ emissions that are omitted in production-based accounting - and offers globally based mitigation options. Thus the attribution of emissions embodied in international trade is the crux of the matter.
Emissions embodied in international trade.
Figure 1 and Table 3 show extent of emissions embodied in international trade and thus their importance when attempting emissions reductions. Figure 1 shows the international trade flows of the top 10 countries with largest trade fluxes in 2004 and illustrates the dominance of trade from developing countries (principally China, Russia and India) to developed countries (principally USA, EU and Japan). Table 3 supports this showing that the traded emissions in 2008 total 7.8 gigatonnes (Gt) with a net CO2 emissions trade from developing to developed countries of 1.6 Gt.
Table 3 also shows how these processes of production, consumption and trade have changed from 1990 (commonly chosen for baseline levels) to 2008. Global emissions have risen 39%, but in the same period developed countries seem to have stabilized their domestic emissions, whereas developing countries’ domestic emissions have doubled. This ‘stabilization’ is arguably misleading, however, if the increased trade from developing to developed countries is considered. This has increased from 0.4 Gt CO2 to 1.6 Gt CO2 - a 17%/year average growth meaning 16 Gt CO2 have been traded from developing to developed countries between 1990 and 2008. Assuming a proportion of the increased production in developing countries is to fulfil the consumption demands of developed countries, the process known as carbon leakage becomes evident. Thus, including international trade (i.e. the methodology of consumption-based accounting) reverses the apparent decreasing trend in emissions in developed countries, changing a 2% decrease (as calculated by production-based accounting) into a 7% increase across the time period. This point is only further emphasized when these trends are studied at a less aggregated scale.
Figure 2 shows the percentage surplus of emissions as calculated by production-based accounting over consumption-based accounting. In general, production-based accounting proposes lower emissions for the EU and OECD countries (developed countries) and higher emissions for BRIC and rest of the world (developing countries). However, consumption-based accounting proposes the reverse with lower emissions in BRIC and RoW, and higher emissions in EU and OECD countries. This led Boitier to term EU and OECD ‘CO2 consumers’ and BRIC and RoW ‘CO2 producers’.
The large difference in these results is corroborated by further analysis. The EU-27 in 1994 counted emissions using the consumption-based approach at 11% higher than those counted using the production-based approach, this difference rising to 24% in 2008. Similarly OECD countries reached a peak variance of 16% in 2006 whilst dropping to 14% in 2008. In contrast, although RoW starts and ends relatively equal, in the intervening years it is a clear CO2 producer, as are BRIC with an average consumption-based emissions deficit of 18.5% compared to production-based emissions.
Peters and Hertwich completed a MRIO study to calculate emissions embodied in international trade using data from the 2001 Global Trade Analysis Program (GTAP). After manipulation, although their numbers are slightly more conservative (EU 14%; OECD 3%; BRIC 16%; RoW 6%) than Boitier the same trend is evident - developed countries are CO2 consumers and developing countries are CO2 producers. This trend is seen across the literature and supporting the use of consumption-based emissions accounting in policy-making decisions.
Tools and standards.
ISO 14064.
The ISO 14064 standards (published in 2006 and early 2007) are the most recent additions to the ISO 14000 series of international standards for environmental management. The ISO 14064 standards provide governments, businesses, regions and other organisations with an integrated set of tools for programs aimed at measuring, quantifying and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. These standards allow organisations take part in emissions trading schemes using a globally recognised standard.
Local Government Operations Protocol.
The Local Government Operations Protocol (LGOP) is a tool for accounting and reporting greenhouse gas emissions across a local government's operations. Adopted by the California Air Resources Board (ARB) in September 2008 for local governments to develop and report consistent GHG inventories to help meet California's AB 32 GHG reduction obligations, it was developed in partnership with California Climate Action Registry, The Climate Registry, ICLEI and dozens of stakeholders.
The California Sustainability Alliance also created the Local Government Operations Protocol Toolkit, which breaks down the complexities of the LGOP manual and provides an area by area summary of the recommended inventory protocols.
Know IPCC Format for GHG Emissions Inventory
The data in the GHG emissions inventory is presented using the IPCC format (seven sectors presented using the Common Reporting Format, or CRF) as is all communication between Member States and the Secretariat of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and the Kyoto Protocol.
Advantages of consumption-based accounting.
Consumption-based emissions accounting may be deemed superior as it incorporates embodied emissions currently ignored by the UNFCCC preferred production-based accounting. Other key advantages include: extending mitigation options, covering more global emissions through increased participation, and inherently encompassing policies such as the Clean Development Mechanism (CDM).
Extending mitigation options.
Under the production-based system a country is punished for having a pollution intensive resource base. If this country has pollution intensive exports, such as Norway where 69% of its CO2 emissions are the result of production for export, a simple way to meet its emissions reductions set out under Kyoto would be to reduce its exports. Although this would be environmentally advantageous, it would be economically and politically harmful as exports are an important part of a country's GDP. However, by having appropriate mechanisms in place, such as a harmonized global tax, border-tax adjustment or quotas, a consumption-based accounting system could shift the comparative advantage towards a decision that includes environmental factors. The tax most discussed is based on the carbon content of the fossil fuels used to produce and transport the product, the greater the level of carbon used the more tax being charged. If a country did not voluntarily participate then a border tax could be imposed on them. This system would have the effect of embedding the cost of environmental load in the price of the product and therefore market forces would shift production to where it is economically and environmentally preferable, thus reducing GHG emissions
Increasing participation.
In addition to reducing emissions directly this system may also alleviate competitiveness concerns in twofold ways: firstly, domestic and foreign producers are exposed to the same carbon tax; and secondly, if multiple countries are competing for the same export market they can promote environmental performance as a marketing tool. A loss of competitiveness resulting from the absence of legally binding commitments for non-Annex B countries was the principal reason the US and Australia, two heavily emitting countries, did not originally ratify the Kyoto protocol (Australia later ratified in 2007). By alleviating such concerns more countries may participate in future climate policies resulting in a greater percentage of global emissions being covered by legally binding reduction policies. Furthermore, as developed countries are currently expected to reduce their emissions more than developing countries, the more emissions are (fairly) attributed to developed countries the more they become covered by legally bound reduction policies. Peters argues that this last prediction means that consumption-based accounting would advantageously result in greater emissions reductions irrespective of increased participation.
Encompassing policies such as the CDM.
The CDM is a flexible mechanism set up under the Kyoto Protocol with the aim of creating ‘Carbon Credits’ for trade in trading schemes such as the EU ETS. Despite coming under heavy criticism (see Evans, p134-135; and Burniaux et al., p58-65), the theory is that as the marginal cost of environmental abatement is lower in non-Annex B countries a scheme like this will promote technology transfer from Annex B to non-Annex B countries resulting in cheaper emissions reductions. Because under consumption-based emissions accounting a country is responsible for the emissions caused by its imports, it is important for the importing country to encourage good environmental behaviour and promote the cleanest production technologies available in the exporting country. Therefore, unlike the Kyoto Protocol where the CDM was added later, consumption-based emissions accounting inherently promotes clean development in the foreign country because of the way it allocates emissions. One loophole that remains relevant is carbon colonialism whereby developed countries do not mitigate the underlying problem but simply continue to increase consumption offsetting this by exploiting the abatement potential of developing countries.
Disadvantages of consumption-based accounting.
Despite its advantages consumption-based emissions accounting is not without its drawbacks. These were highlighted above and in Table 1 and are principally: greater uncertainty, greater complexity requiring more data not always available, and requiring greater international collaboration.
Greater uncertainty and complexity.
Uncertainty derives from three main reasons: production-based accounting is much closer to statistical sources and GDP which are more assured; the methodology behind consumption-based accounting requires an extra step over production-based accounting, this step inherently incurring further doubt; and consumption-based accounting includes data from all trading partners of a particular country which will contain different levels of accuracy. The bulk of data required is its second pitfall as in some countries the lack of data means consumption-based accounting is not possible. However, levels and accuracy of data will improve as more and better techniques are developed and the scientific community produce more data sets - examples including the recently launched global databases: EORA from the University of Sydney, EXIOPOL and WIOD databases from European consortia, and the Asian IDE-JETRO. In the short term it will be important to attempt to quantify the level of uncertainty more accurately.
Greater international co-operation.
The third problem is that consumption-based accounting requires greater international collaboration to deliver effective results. A Government has the authority to implement policies only over emissions it directly generates. In consumption-based accounting emissions from different geo-political territories are allocated to the importing country. Although the importing country can indirectly oppose this by changing its importing habits or by applying a border tax as discussed, only by greater international collaboration, through an international dialogue such as the UNFCCC, can direct and meaningful emissions reductions be enforced.
Sharing emissions responsibility.
Thus far it has been implied that one must implement either production-based accounting or consumption-based accounting. However, there are arguments that the answer lies somewhere in the middle i.e. emissions should be shared between the importing and exporting countries. This approach asserts that although it is the final consumer that ultimately initiates the production, the activities that create the product and associated pollution also contribute to the producing country's GDP. This topic is still developing in the literature principally through works by Rodrigues et al., Lenzen et al., Marques et al. as well as through empirical studies by such as Andrew and Forgie. Crucially it proposes that at each stage of the supply chain the emissions are shared by some pre-defined criteria between the different actors involved.
Whilst this approach of sharing emissions responsibility seems advantageous, the controversy arises over what these pre-defined criteria should be. Two of the current front runners are Lenzen et al. who say “the share of responsibility allocated to each agent should be proportional to its value added” and Rodrigues et al. who say it should be based on “the average between an agent's consumption-based responsibility and income-based responsibility” (quoted in Marques et al.). As no criteria set has been adequately developed and further work is needed to produce a finished methodology for a potentially valuable concept.
Trends.
Measures of regions' GHG emissions are critical to climate policy. It is clear that production-based emissions accounting, the currently favoured method for policy-making, significantly underestimates the level of GHG emitted by excluding emissions embodied in international trade. Implementing consumption-based accounting which includes such emissions, developed countries take a greater share of GHG emissions and consequently the low level of emissions commitments for developing countries are not as important. Not only does consumption-based accounting encompass global emissions, it promotes good environmental behaviour and increases participation by reducing competitiveness.
Despite these advantages the shift from production-based to consumption-based accounting arguably represents a shift from one extreme to another. The third option of sharing responsibility between importing and exporting countries represents a compromise between the two systems. However, as yet no adequately developed methodology exists for this third way, so further study is required before it can be implemented for policy-making decisions.
Today, given its lower uncertainty, established methodology and reporting, consistency between political and environmental boundaries, and widespread implementation, it is hard to see any movement away from the favoured production-based accounting. However, because of its key disadvantage of omitting emissions embodied in international trade, it is clear that consumption-based accounting provides invaluable information and should at least be used as a ‘shadow’ to production-based accounting. With further work into the methodologies of consumption-based accounting and sharing emissions responsibility, both can play greater roles in the future of climate policy.

</doc>
<doc id="6905353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905353" title="Draught beers">
Draught beers



</doc>
<doc id="6905354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905354" title="Harlequin Ichthyosis">
Harlequin Ichthyosis



</doc>
<doc id="6905358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905358" title="Adult Contemporary (Billboard chart)">
Adult Contemporary (Billboard chart)



</doc>
<doc id="6905362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905362" title="Vickers Mk.VI">
Vickers Mk.VI



</doc>
<doc id="6905370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905370" title="Jakarta Mail">
Jakarta Mail

Jakarta Mail (formerly JavaMail) is a Jakarta EE API used to send and receive email via SMTP, POP3 and IMAP. Jakarta Mail is built into the Jakarta EE platform, but also provides an optional package for use in Java SE.
The current version is 2.1.3, released on February 29, 2024. Another open source Jakarta Mail implementation exists (GNU JavaMail), which -while supporting only the obsolete JavaMail 1.3 specification- provides the only free NNTP backend, which makes it possible to use this technology to read and send news group articles.
As of 2019, the software is known as Jakarta Mail, and is part of the "Jakarta EE" brand (formerly known as "Java EE"). The reference implementation is part of the Eclipse Angus project.
Maven coordinates of the relevant projects required for operation are:
Licensing.
Jakarta Mail is hosted as an open source project on Eclipse.org under its new name "Jakarta Mail".
Most of the Jakarta Mail source code is licensed under the following licences:
Examples.
import jakarta.mail.*;
import jakarta.mail.internet.*;
import java.time.*;
import java.util.*;
// Send a simple, single part, text/plain e-mail
public class TestEmail {
 static Clock clock = Clock.systemUTC();
 public static void main(String[] args) {
 // SUBSTITUTE YOUR EMAIL ADDRESSES HERE!
 String to = "sendToMailAddress";
 String from = "sendFromMailAddress";
 // SUBSTITUTE YOUR ISP'S MAIL SERVER HERE!
 String host = "smtp.yourisp.invalid";
 // Create properties, get Session
 Properties props = new Properties();
 // If using static Transport.send(),
 // need to specify which host to send it to
 props.put("mail.smtp.host", host);
 // To see what is going on behind the scene
 props.put("mail.debug", "true");
 Session session = Session.getInstance(props);
 try {
 // Instantiate a message
 Message msg = new MimeMessage(session);
 //Set message attributes
 msg.setFrom(new InternetAddress(from));
 InternetAddress[] address = {new InternetAddress(to)};
 msg.setRecipients(Message.RecipientType.TO, address);
 msg.setSubject("Test E-Mail through Java");
 Date now = Date.from(LocalDateTime.now(clock).toInstant(ZoneOffset.UTC));
 msg.setSentDate(now);
 // Set message content
 msg.setText("This is a test of sending a " +
 "plain text e-mail through Java.\n" +
 "Here is line 2.");
 //Send the message
 Transport.send(msg);
 } catch (MessagingException mex) {
 // Prints all nested (chained) exceptions as well
 mex.printStackTrace();
Sample Code to Send Multipart E-Mail, HTML E-Mail and File Attachments
package org.example;
import jakarta.activation.*;
import jakarta.mail.*;
import jakarta.mail.internet.*;
import java.io.*;
import java.time.*;
import java.util.*;
public class SendMailUsage {
 static Clock clock = Clock.systemUTC();
 public static void main(String[] args) {
 // SUBSTITUTE YOUR EMAIL ADDRESSES HERE!!!
 String to = "sendToMailAddress";
 String from = "sendFromMailAddress";
 // SUBSTITUTE YOUR ISP'S MAIL SERVER HERE!!!
 String host = "smtpserver.yourisp.invalid";
 // Create properties for the Session
 Properties props = new Properties();
 // If using static Transport.send(),
 // need to specify the mail server here
 props.put("mail.smtp.host", host);
 // To see what is going on behind the scene
 props.put("mail.debug", "true");
 // Get a session
 Session session = Session.getInstance(props);
 try {
 // Get a Transport object to send e-mail
 Transport bus = session.getTransport("smtp");
 // Connect only once here
 // Transport.send() disconnects after each send
 // Usually, no username and password is required for SMTP
 bus.connect();
 //bus.connect("smtpserver.yourisp.net", "username", "password");
 // Instantiate a message
 Message msg = new MimeMessage(session);
 // Set message attributes
 msg.setFrom(new InternetAddress(from));
 InternetAddress[] address = {new InternetAddress(to)};
 msg.setRecipients(Message.RecipientType.TO, address);
 // Parse a comma-separated list of email addresses. Be strict.
 msg.setRecipients(Message.RecipientType.CC,
 InternetAddress.parse(to, true));
 // Parse comma/space-separated list. Cut some slack.
 msg.setRecipients(Message.RecipientType.BCC,
 InternetAddress.parse(to, false));
 msg.setSubject("Test E-Mail through Java");
 msg.setSentDate(Date.from(LocalDateTime.now(clock).toInstant(ZoneOffset.UTC)));
 // Set message content and send
 setTextContent(msg);
 msg.saveChanges();
 bus.sendMessage(msg, address);
 setMultipartContent(msg);
 msg.saveChanges();
 bus.sendMessage(msg, address);
 setFileAsAttachment(msg, "C:/WINDOWS/CLOUD.GIF");
 msg.saveChanges();
 bus.sendMessage(msg, address);
 setHTMLContent(msg);
 msg.saveChanges();
 bus.sendMessage(msg, address);
 bus.close();
 } catch (MessagingException mex) {
 // Prints all nested (chained) exceptions as well
 mex.printStackTrace();
 // How to access nested exceptions
 while (null != mex.getNextException()) {
 // Get next exception in chain
 Exception ex = mex.getNextException();
 ex.printStackTrace();
 if (!(ex instanceof MessagingException)) break;
 else mex = (MessagingException) ex;
 // A simple, single-part text/plain e-mail.
 public static void setTextContent(Message msg) throws MessagingException {
 // Set message content
 String mytxt = "This is a test of sending a " +
 "plain text e-mail through Java.\n" +
 "Here is line 2.";
 msg.setText(mytxt);
 // Alternate form
 msg.setContent(mytxt, "text/plain");
 // A simple multipart/mixed e-mail. Both body parts are text/plain.
 public static void setMultipartContent(Message msg) throws MessagingException {
 // Create and fill first part
 MimeBodyPart p1 = new MimeBodyPart();
 p1.setText("This is part one of a test multipart e-mail.");
 // Create and fill second part
 MimeBodyPart p2 = new MimeBodyPart();
 // Here is how to set a charset on textual content
 p2.setText("This is the second part", "us-ascii");
 // Create the Multipart. Add BodyParts to it.
 Multipart mp = new MimeMultipart();
 mp.addBodyPart(p1);
 mp.addBodyPart(p2);
 // Set Multipart as the message's content
 msg.setContent(mp);
 // Set a file as an attachment. Uses JAF FileDataSource.
 public static void setFileAsAttachment(Message msg, String filename)
 throws MessagingException {
 // Create and fill first part
 MimeBodyPart p1 = new MimeBodyPart();
 p1.setText("This is part one of a test multipart e-mail." +
 "The second part is file as an attachment");
 // Create second part
 MimeBodyPart p2 = new MimeBodyPart();
 // Put a file in the second part
 FileDataSource fds = new FileDataSource(filename);
 p2.setDataHandler(new DataHandler(fds));
 p2.setFileName(fds.getName());
 // Create the Multipart. Add BodyParts to it.
 Multipart mp = new MimeMultipart();
 mp.addBodyPart(p1);
 mp.addBodyPart(p2);
 // Set Multipart as the message's content
 msg.setContent(mp);
 // Set a single part HTML content.
 // Sending data of any type is similar.
 public static void setHTMLContent(Message msg) throws MessagingException {
 String html = "&lt;html&gt;&lt;head&gt;&lt;title&gt;" +
 msg.getSubject() +
 "&lt;/title&gt;&lt;/head&gt;&lt;body&gt;&lt;h1&gt;" +
 msg.getSubject() +
 "&lt;/h1&gt;&lt;p&gt;This is a test of sending an HTML e-mail" +
 " through Java.&lt;/body&gt;&lt;/html&gt;";
 // HTMLDataSource is a static nested class
 msg.setDataHandler(new DataHandler(new HTMLDataSource(html)));
 * Static nested class to act as a JAF datasource to send HTML e-mail content
 static class HTMLDataSource implements DataSource {
 private String html;
 public HTMLDataSource(String htmlString) {
 html = htmlString;
 // Return html string in an InputStream.
 // A new stream must be returned each time.
 public InputStream getInputStream() throws IOException {
 if (null == html) throw new IOException("Null HTML");
 return new ByteArrayInputStream(html.getBytes());
 public OutputStream getOutputStream() throws IOException {
 throw new IOException("This DataHandler cannot write HTML");
 public String getContentType() {
 return "text/html";
 public String getName() {
 return "JAF text/html dataSource to send e-mail only";

</doc>
<doc id="6905371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905371" title="Jacquin">
Jacquin

Jacquin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6905372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905372" title="Light Tanks Mk VI">
Light Tanks Mk VI



</doc>
<doc id="6905374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905374" title="6-Ton Tanks M1917">
6-Ton Tanks M1917



</doc>
<doc id="6905388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905388" title="Non-Breaking Space">
Non-Breaking Space



</doc>
<doc id="6905398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905398" title="Suprarenal plexus">
Suprarenal plexus

The suprarenal plexus is formed by branches from the celiac plexus, from the celiac ganglion, and from the phrenic and greater splanchnic nerves, a ganglion being formed at the point of junction with the latter nerve.
The plexus supplies the suprarenal gland, being distributed chiefly to its medullary portion; its branches are remarkable for their large size in comparison with that of the organ they supply.

</doc>
<doc id="6905405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905405" title="Legislative districts of Pasig">
Legislative districts of Pasig

The highly urbanized city of Pasig is currently represented in the House of Representatives of the Philippines by its lone congressional district. Every three years, the district elects one representative who will sit on their behalf in the lower house of the legislature. Meanwhile, the city has two councilor districts which are allotted six seats each in the Pasig City Council, with councilors being elected every three years.
History.
Pasig was represented as part of the at-large district of the province of Manila in the Malolos Congress from 1898 to 1899, the second district of Rizal from 1907 to 1941 and from 1945 to 1972, the at-large district of Rizal during the National Assembly of the Second Philippine Republic from 1943 to 1944, and the representation of Region IV in the Interim Batasang Pambansa from 1978 to 1984. Pasig was grouped with Marikina in the Regular Batasang Pambansa from 1984 to 1986, as the Legislative district of Pasig–Marikina. It was granted its representation in the restored House of Representatives in 1987 and has consisted of one representative district ever since.
Lone District.
The city has yet to be redistricted since it was granted its own district in 1987. The city's current representative is a member of the Nationalist People's Coalition who is part of the majority bloc in the 19th Congress.
Political parties
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="6905417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905417" title="Scandinavian Airlines System Flight 933">
Scandinavian Airlines System Flight 933

Scandinavian Airlines System Flight 933 was a scheduled international flight from Copenhagen-Kastrup Airport (Denmark) to Los Angeles International Airport via Seattle—Tacoma International Airport. On January 13 1969, the McDonnell Douglas DC-8 crashed into Santa Monica Bay at 19:21, approximately west of Los Angeles International Airport. The crash into the sea was caused by pilot error during approach to runway 07R; the pilots were so occupied with the nose gear light not turning green that they lost awareness of the situation and failed to keep track of their altitude. The Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS) aircraft had a crew of nine and 36 passengers, of whom 15 died in the accident. 
The crash was similar to Eastern Air Lines Flight 401.
The crash site was in international waters, but the National Transportation Safety Board carried out an investigation, which was published on July 1, 1970. The report stated the probable cause as improper crew resource management and stated that the aircraft was fully capable of carrying out the approach and landing. The aircraft was conducting an instrument approach, but was following an unauthorized back course approach.
Flight.
The accident aircraft was a McDonnell Douglas DC-8-62 with serial number 45822 and line number 270. It was originally registered in the United States by McDonnell Douglas as N1501U for testing before delivery to SAS. It was then registered as LN-MOD, but as SAS already had a Douglas DC-7 with that registration, it was re-registered as LN-MOO. The aircraft was registered on June 23, 1967, and named "Sverre Viking" by SAS. Five days later, it was reregistered with Norwegian Air Lines, the Norwegian holding company of the SAS conglomerate, as owner. The DC-8-62 model had been custom-made by McDonnell Douglas for SAS to operate to Los Angeles with a full payload in all wind conditions, although the model was later sold to other airlines as well. SAS took delivery of the first of ten DC-8-62 aircraft in 1967. "Sverre Viking" had flown 6,948 hours as of January 7 and had met all maintenance requirements. The last overhaul had been carried out on April 3, 1968.
Flight 933 was a regular, international scheduled flight from SAS's main hub at Copenhagen Airport in Denmark to Los Angeles International Airport in Los Angeles, California, in the United States. It had a scheduled stopover at Seattle–Tacoma International Airport in the state of Washington for change of crew and refueling. There were 45 people on board the aircraft at the time of the accident consisting of 36 passengers and nine crew members.
The crew outbound from Seattle had flown a flight from Copenhagen on January 11 and had about 48 hours of rest before the flight. The crew consisted of a captain, a first officer, a flight engineer and six flight attendants. Captain Kenneth Davies, a 50-year-old Briton, had been employed by SAS since 1948 and had a past in the RAF Coastal Command. He had flown 11,135 hours with SAS and 900 hours in the DC-8. First Officer Hans Ingvar Hansson was 40 and had worked for SAS since 1957. He had flown 5,814 hours for the airline, including 973 hours in the DC-8. Flight Engineer Ake Ingvar Andersson, 32, had worked for SAS since 1966. He had flown 985 hours, all of the time on a DC-8. All three had valid certificates, training, and medical checks.
The cabin crew consisted of Renning Lenshoj, Arne Roosand, Peter Olssen, Marie Britt Larsson, Susanne Gothberg-Ingeborg, and Ann-Charlotte Jennings. A steward and two stewardesses were killed in the crash, though remains of only one of the three were found.
The flight to Seattle had gone without incident. The landing took place with an instrument landing system (ILS) approach, with the autopilot coupler being used down to before a manual completion. The aircraft had three maintenance issues at Seattle consisting of a non-functioning fast–slow airspeed function, low oil on the number one engine, and a non-functioning lavatory light. The final crew arrived at Seattle–Tacoma an hour before the flight and was given necessary documentation. Flight time was estimated at two hours, 16 minutes. All preflight checks were concluded without discrepancies. The aircraft was de-iced and the altimeters set and cross-checked. The flight departed Seattle at 15:46 Pacific Standard Time (PST), one hour and eleven minutes after schedule. The first officer was designated as pilot flying. The altimeters were recalibrated and the autopilot was used for the climb and cruise.
Approach and landing.
Slightly after 17:20, an airline dispatcher confirmed that the weather was suitable at LAX for the landing. The aircraft made contact with Los Angeles Air Route Traffic Control Center at 17:32 and were told to hold at Bakersfield. This holding was confirmed at 17:47. At 18:39, the aircraft was cleared to descend via Fillmore and to keep an altitude of via the newly designated Westlake Intersection, which was not yet on the charts. The crew was to conduct a back course ILS at LAX, although they lacked authorization and plates to conduct this. The weather at 19:00 consisted of scattered clouds at , ceiling-measured overcast, visibility of and light rain and fog.
The sky was dark and the pilots lacked any visual ground references. Descent was controlled through the use of the vertical-speed wheel of the autopilot combined with an altitude preselect (which illuminated a light when reaching preselected altitudes) in manual mode. While retaining use of the autopilot, the pilots reduced their speed to at the request of air traffic control at 19:07. At this point the pilots were working through the approach checklist. The captain halted the checklist at the point regarding the radio altimeter as the aircraft was above its operational limit and he wanted to control the plane's operation during further descent. At 19:11, the aircraft received permission to bear 180 degrees and descend to and maintain of altitude. Both navigational receivers were tuned to the ILS frequency.
At 19:17:55, the controller requested that SK933 reduce its speed to which was confirmed. At 19:19:05, the controller confirmed that the aircraft was cleared for approach for Runway 07R. At the time, the first officer thought the aircraft was from the VHF omnidirectional range (VOR) transmitter, while the captain thought they were away. The first officer therefore disconnected the autopilot. The captain put the landing gear in down position and the first officer asked for the landing checklist to be completed. This was interrupted by radio traffic and cockpit activities. The aircraft then descended to a minimum altitude of .
The DC-8 was following a Cessna 177 Cardinal, designated 67T, which was also conducting a back-course approach, flying at . All communication between the two aircraft and air traffic control was occurring on the same frequency. Air traffic control asked SK933 at 19:19:35 to reduce its speed further to take the Cessna into account and the pilots reduced their speed to . This speed requires the full extension of the flaps, but this step was not carried out. The nose gear was showing an unsafe indication; should the flaps be extended fully without the nose gear down, a horn would blow which could not be silenced without retracting the flaps. The captain recycled the gear, but the indicator light still showed an unsafe condition. Meanwhile, the first officer believed that the flaps were fully extended and started reducing speed to . After the flight engineer confirmed that the nose gear was down and locked, the captain fully extended the flaps.
The flight engineer carried out a systems check, first from memory and then after consulting the flight manual. At this time, 19:20:42, the captain informed air traffic control that he was experiencing nose-gear problems that, if not resolved by the time the aircraft reached minimum altitude, would force him to cancel the landing and divert to the designated alternate, McCarran International Airport (now Harry Reid International Airport) in Las Vegas. This was the last transmission from Flight 933. The flight engineer conducted a manual check of the landing gear from the cockpit peephole confirming it was down and locked. At this time, the aircraft had an elevation of . The lowest speed that the pilots remembered was with full flap extension.
Minutes before impact, the aircraft had an altitude of . It descended to in the next 26 seconds, leveled for 16 seconds, then descended to sea level in one minute and 16 seconds. The pilots did not have control over the rate of descent and the next thing remembered by the first officer was seeing the altimeter approaching zero. He attempted to pull up through back pressure and adding power, but the aircraft hit the water before he was able to execute this maneuver. The impact took place at 19:21:30 PST (03:21:30 on January 14 Coordinated Universal Time) in Santa Monica Bay, about west of LAX, in international waters where the sea is deep. The crew did not recall any unusual sink rate, buffeting, or yawing, nor were there any instrument warnings except a last-moment flashing of the heading-difference light.
The aircraft hit the water with the tail first. The impact caused the fuselage to break into three main parts. The largest was the forward section of the aircraft from the nose to the trailing edge of the wings. It remained afloat after the accident for about twenty hours. The midsection was long from the trailing edge of the wing to the rear pressure bulkhead. The aft section consisted of the tail cone including all of the horizontal stabilizers and the vertical stabilizers. The engines and landing gear separated from the aircraft at the time of impact.
Rescue and salvage.
Three cabin crew and twelve passengers were killed in the impact. Of these, four were confirmed drowned while eleven were missing and presumed dead. Eleven passengers and the remaining six crew members were injured while thirteen passengers reported no injuries. Thirty people survived the crash. The passengers were distributed throughout the aircraft, although there was a slightly higher proportion of survivors forward than aft. The surviving three cabin crew, an off duty captain and flight attendant, evacuated the passengers onto the wings and into liferafts.
When the first two life rafts were filled, they were tied together and rowed from the port wing toward the nose of the aircraft. One of the rafts scraped against a piece of metal and deflated rapidly with its passengers falling into the water. Other passengers launched a life raft from the starboard wing, but it was also punctured. A search and rescue mission was quickly initiated by the United States Coast Guard. It took between 45 and 60 minutes before the rescue team was able to pick up the survivors. The Coast Guard stayed for hours searching for survivors.
The forward part of the aircraft was towed toward Malibu Beach where it sank. It was later raised and brought to Long Beach Terminal Island Naval Shipyard for investigation. All flight instruments were recovered. The remaining other two sections, along with the engines and landing gear, were not recovered.
Investigation.
Because the crash took place in international waters, the investigation was carried out in accordance with the Convention on International Civil Aviation. The Government of Norway requested that the investigation be carried out by the United States' National Transportation Safety Board. The maintenance records were investigated by Norway's Aviation Accident Commission. The final report from the board was issued on July 1, 1970, after 534 days of investigation.
Flight 933 was the 20th hull loss to a DC-8; it was at the time the tenth-deadliest accident of the type and remains the twentieth-deadliest. It was SAS's third fatal crash, but the airline would not experience another until the 2001 Linate Airport runway collision of 2001.
All navigational aid systems at LAX were checked and found to be working at the time of the accident. The flight recorder was recovered using a remotely operated underwater vehicle and found to be intact. Flights and simulator tests were carried out by SAS, confirming that the recorded data could be simulated in an appropriate manner on schedule. As the aircraft was found airworthy and able to be flown, the bulk of the work of the investigation commission focused on operational procedures.
Cause.
The accident was caused through a series of events which, although not in themselves sufficient to cause the crash, combined to create a breakdown in crew resource management. The flight experienced two delays (de-icing at Seattle–Tacoma and holding at Bakersfield), which along with wind speeds increased the flight time by nearly three hours. This caused the captain to consider diverting to Las Vegas. The first pilot error occurred when the first officer incorrectly set his altimeter when the descent started. The difference between his and the captain's altimeter was never noticed.
Upon receiving clearance, a non-standard terminology was used by air-traffic control. As he did not have authorization to use a localizer back-course approach, the captain should have requested a different approach. Instead, the crew opted to conduct a VOR approach without informing air traffic control. Neither pilot had carried out instrument approach and landing at runway 07R making them less familiar with this than their commonly used Runway 25. Another factor was that the SAS aircraft was forced to operate at the lowest-permissible safe speeds while closing in on the Cessna.
The commission interpreted several of these actions as taking shortcuts to avoid further delays on an already severely delayed flight. They regarded the decision to descend at 5 meters per second (1,000 fpm) as reasonable given the conditions. However, as the first officer focused on the nose gear issue, the aircraft actually experienced a descent of 10.0 meters per second (1,960 fpm) for 26 seconds, zero descent for 16 seconds, and then an average descent of 8.6 meters per second (1,720 fpm) until impact. The first officer was distracted by the captain's dealings with the landing-gear issues, hindering him from primary task: flying the aircraft. The cycling of the landing gear and delay in extending the flaps made speed and altitude control more difficult. The captain also failed to inform the first officer when the flaps were fully extended.
Both the landing-gear issue and the concerns regarding speed made the captain focus on the possibility of a missed approach and the major inconvenience of diverting to Las Vegas. It was the commission's impression that the captain failed to properly monitor the approach, and crew resource management broke down. He failed to give proper instructions to the first officer and failed to carry out instructions from the first officer which moved the first officer's attention away from his task of monitoring the flight instruments. The situation was worsened by the crew attempting to fly at when the aircraft was not configured for that speed. These factors created a situation in which neither pilot was monitoring the altitude. There was also a shortcoming in the approach chart which did not display a minimum altitude at Del Rey Intersection. This would have given the pilots an opportunity to correct the aircraft's altitude.
The commission classified the accident as survivable because the impact forces varied along the fuselage. The tail-first impact was caused by the first officer's last-second attempt at raising the aircraft. Most of the fatalities resulted from people having been trapped in the sinking sections which was caused by the collapsing of the structure after impact. The collapse was caused by the compromise of the tubular integrity which was dependent on the keel beam that had been torn off on impact.
The nose-gear light indicators were designed to be fail safe by having two separate light bulbs. This proved to be inadequate, as it was impossible to look through the cover to check whether one of the bulbs had been compromised, meaning that a failure of one bulb would not be detected until both bulbs malfunctioned. The first bulb was thus presumed to have gone inoperative some time before the day of the flight, while the second bulb broke during Flight 933. The NTSB therefore advised the Federal Aviation Administration to articulate means to avoid similar compromised fail-safe designs in the future. Both pilots had minimum-descent altitude light warnings, which were presumed to have given a visual warning, but because of the work overload, neither pilot directed his attention to these alerts.
The investigation commission produced the following conclusion:
Two similar accidents occurred in the following decade. Eastern Air Lines Flight 401 was a watershed incident in airline safety: on December 29, 1972, its entire flight crew became preoccupied with a burnt-out landing-gear indicator light and failed to notice that the autopilot had inadvertently been disconnected. As a result, the aircraft gradually lost altitude and eventually crashed. A similar incident occurred on December 28, 1978, when the captain of United Airlines Flight 173 was distracted by a landing-gear issue and did not heed his crewmembers' concerns about the aircraft's fuel level, resulting in an exhaustion of fuel to all engines and a subsequent crash.

</doc>
<doc id="6905419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905419" title="2002 American Le Mans Series">
2002 American Le Mans Series

The 2002 American Le Mans Series season was the 32nd season for the IMSA GT Championship, and the fourth under the American Le Mans Series banner. It was a series for Le Mans Prototypes (LMP) and Grand Touring (GT) race cars divided into 4 classes: LMP900, LMP675, GTS, and GT. It began March 16, 2002 and ended October 12, 2002 after 10 races.
Schedule.
Following the demise of the European Le Mans Series, the North American schedule was greatly expanded to ten races. Several temporary street courses were added in cities such as Miami, Florida and Washington D. C., while the Portland International Raceway and Texas Motor Speedway did not return, leaving the ALMS without any road course ovals on the schedule. Circuit Trois-Rivières joined Mosport as a second Canadian event, and Road America was also scheduled for the first time.
Season results.
Overall winner in bold.
Teams Championship.
Points are awarded to the finishers in the following order:
Exceptions being for the 12 Hours of Sebring and Petit Le Mans which awarded in the following order:
Cars failing to complete 70% of the winner's distance are not awarded points. Teams only score the points of their highest finishing entry in each race.

</doc>
<doc id="6905426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905426" title="Madden 2007">
Madden 2007



</doc>
<doc id="6905428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905428" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Catanzaro">
List of municipalities of the Province of Catanzaro

The following is a list of the 80 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Catanzaro, Calabria, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6905429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905429" title="Swanton, California">
Swanton, California

Swanton is a small community in an unincorporated area of Santa Cruz County on the Pacific coast, situated about north of the town of Davenport, to the east of State Route 1 on Swanton Road. The US Geological Survey designates Swanton as a populated place located at latitude and longitude with an elevation of . The ZIP Code is 95017 and the community is inside area code 831.
The community has numerous small residences and two big occupants – Big Creek Lumber Company and the Swanton Pacific Ranch campus of California Polytechnic State University. Swanton is home to Swanton Pacific Railroad, a one-third-scale small-gauge railroad that runs on of track through the Scott Creek valley using locomotives and cars from the San Francisco Panama Pacific Exposition of 1915.
History.
Ranched with dairy cattle since the California Gold Rush, the area was first known as Laurel Grove, and was later renamed after Fred Swanton, builder of a hydroelectric power plant on nearby Big Creek. Swanton later created what is now the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk. The community was the "northern terminus" of the southern branch of the Ocean Shore Railroad until it closed in 1922. Swanton had its own post office from 1897 to 1930, and its own elementary, Seaside School, until 1960.
In 2009, Swanton was heavily impacted by the Lockheed Fire that burned for two weeks and consumed nearly , forcing the evacuation of hundreds of residents. It was the first major fire since 1948, $26 million was spent fighting it and it destroyed 13 structures and many millions of dollars of prime timber land, but no houses.
In August 2020, Swanton suffered major damage from the CZU Lightning Complex fires.

</doc>
<doc id="6905430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905430" title="Chris Buttars">
Chris Buttars

D. Chris Buttars (April 1, 1942 – September 10, 2018) was an American politician who served in the Utah State Senate representing the 10th Utah Senate District. He began his service as a state senator in 2001 and resigned in 2011 citing health problems.
Early life and career.
Buttars was born in Logan, Utah on April 1, 1942, and graduated from Utah State University with a B.S. in Marketing/Economics in 1967. Upon graduating from Utah State University he was employed at Amoco Oil Company from 1967 to 1976 as a Retail Sales Manager. In 1976 he became the Executive Director of the Petroleum Retails Organization. He was director of the Utah Boys Ranch, now known as West Ridge Academy, a boarding school for boys.
Buttars was married to Helen; they had six children and lived in West Jordan, Utah. He successfully ran for the West Jordan City Council in 1970, and served on the City Council until 1983. Buttars ran for the Utah Senate in 2000, and served as Utah State Senator for district 10 from 2001 to 2011. Buttars served in various Republican Party leadership positions. Buttars was also a recipient of the Boy Scouts of America's Silver Beaver Award for distinguished service to the BSA. He died in 2018 after a period of declining health.
Legislation and policy.
Buttars sponsored legislation against gay straight alliances in public schools, introduced a resolution urging companies to have their employees say "Merry Christmas" rather than "Happy Holidays" to customers, as well as an Intelligent Design Bill. Buttars sponsored legislation to fund drug treatment programs, supported raising the minimum wage and assisting child crime victims.
In February, 2010, Buttars proposed eliminating the 12th grade from Utah high schools to close a budget shortfall.
Intelligent design.
During the 2006 General Session of the 56th Utah State Legislature Buttars sponsored S.B. 96, an Intelligent Design Bill. The bill would allow instructors to teach students that evolution is a controversial theory and counter it with the pseudoscience of Creationism, using the term "Divine Design." The New York Times called the bill "Anti-Darwin" and critics have pointed to Buttars' words "Divine Design" as evidence for its religious undertone. The bill passed in the Senate but failed in the House of Representatives.
Accusations of racism.
In an interview with radio hosts Tom Grover &amp; Ryan Yonk, Buttars said that he "[doesn't] know of an example where the minority is being jeopardized by legislative action." When Grover mentioned "Brown v. Board of Education," which desegregated American schools, Buttars responded that he thought ""Brown v. Board of Education" is wrong to begin with." In response to public reaction to his statements and accusations of racism, Buttars responded, "I don't think there's a racial [sic] bone in my body..." and "I don't see black and white. I see people. I always have."
During a debate of a school-funding bill on the floor of the State Senate in February 2008, the bill's sponsor compared the bill to the baby involved in the Biblical story of King Solomon. Buttars responded saying, "This baby is black, I'll tell you. This is a dark, ugly thing." Buttars apologized for a remark on the State Senate floor, saying, "I got a little carried away, and I made a comment that I think a lot of people could take as racist. I certainly did not mean that in any way, but it was wrong and could easily be taken in just that way. I apologize to anyone who took offense." In an interview, Buttars said, "We live in a very, very sensitive world. Although what I said had literally nothing in my mind to do with a human being at all — we were talking about an ugly bill — I made a statement that could be easily misinterpreted, and it was."
Accusations of racism were made an issue in his 2008 re-election bid against Democrat John Rendell. Less than six months after Buttars' re-election, he was recorded saying of the ACLU, "bless their black little hearts," in an interview with documentary maker and former KTVX ABC 4 reporter Reed Cowan. Cowan’s documentary is called, "."
Gay rights.
Buttars was outspoken on issues dealing with homosexuality, and co-sponsored Utah Constitutional Amendment 3 with Utah Boys Ranch colleague LaVar Christensen, which defined marriage in Utah as consisting "only of the legal union between a man and a woman." Buttars criticized the domestic partnership executive order signed by Salt Lake City Mayor Rocky Anderson. Buttars also introduced legislation that would ban gay clubs and gay-straight alliances in public schools.
In 2008 Salt Lake City's newly elected Mayor Ralph Becker introduced a domestic partnership registry that was unanimously approved by the City Council. On February 11, 2008 Buttars introduced a counter bill, SB0267, designed to prevent cities or counties from operating any kind of domestic partnership registry, on the grounds that such registries would violate Utah Constitutional Amendment 3's ban on same-sex marriage and domestic unions. The bill failed.
In a January 2009 interview with openly gay documentary filmmaker Reed Cowan, for the documentary "8: The Mormon Proposition", Buttars said that gays and lesbians were "the greatest threat to America going down," comparing members of the LGBT community to radical Muslims. "I believe they will destroy the foundation of the American society," he said.
On February 20, 2009, Buttars was removed as chairman and member of the Utah State Senate Judicial Standing Committee because of these remarks. Democrats pushed for further sanctions, demanding his removal from the Rules Committee and for his demotion on the Health and Human Services Committee.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints issued a statement urging "civil and respectful dialogue." It said, "From the outset, the Church's position has always been to engage in civil and respectful dialogue on this issue. Senator Buttars does not speak for the church."
References.
https://archive.sltrib.com/article.php?id=9783598&amp;itype=NGPSID

</doc>
<doc id="6905445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905445" title="Myskina">
Myskina



</doc>
<doc id="6905446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905446" title="Brakiri">
Brakiri



</doc>
<doc id="6905458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905458" title="Wil, Zürich">
Wil, Zürich

Wil is a municipality in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland. 
Geography.
Wil has an area of . Of this area, 54.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while 30.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 14.5% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (0.9%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
There are border crossings into Germany at near Wil town (to Bühl in Baden-Wurttemberg) and Buchenloo (to Dettighofen in Baden-Wurttemberg).
Demographics.
Wil has a population (as of ) of . , 7.3% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -1.6%. Most of the population () speaks German (95.5%), with Spanish being second most common ( 0.8%) and Italian being third ( 0.7%).
In the 2007 election the most popular party was the SVP which received 48.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CSP (12.2%), the SPS (11.5%) and the FDP (11.4%).
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 28.1% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 60.2% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 11.7%. In Wil about 82% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
Wil has an unemployment rate of 1.57%. , there were 76 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 26 businesses involved in this sector. 161 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 21 businesses in this sector. 147 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 39 businesses in this sector.
Transport.
Hüntwangen-Wil railway station is a stop of the Zürich S-Bahn on the lines S5 and S22. It is a 33-minute ride from Zürich Hauptbahnhof.

</doc>
<doc id="6905464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905464" title="Alive &amp; well">
Alive &amp; well



</doc>
<doc id="6905466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905466" title="The Jaggerz">
The Jaggerz

The Jaggerz are an American rock band from Pittsburgh. They came to national attention with their single "The Rapper" which was released on the Kama Sutra label. "The Rapper" was No. 1 in the Record World Charts and No. 2 in the "Billboard" Hot 100 in March 1970. Having sold over one million copies, the recording received a gold record awarded by the R.I.A.A.
The band's name derives from the Western Pennsylvania English term, "jagger," meaning any small, sharp-pointed object, typically thorns, spines, and prickles. They were managed by The Skyliners manager, Joe Rock.
History.
Early years and debut album (1964–1969).
While attending Slippery Rock College, now known as Slippery Rock University, Donnie Iris (birth name Dominic Ierace) started a band called the Tri-Vels. The band became known as Donnie and the Donnells when the line up increased from three members to four. Shortly after dropping out of college, Iris found out that a band called Gary and the Jewel Tones of which Jimmie Ross was a member, needed a new guitarist. This gave birth to a new band called the "Jaggers". Forming around 1964, they began playing night clubs and other venues for the next few years gathering a respectable following in the region. The lineup consisted of Iris, Allen George, Benny Faiella, and Kenny Koodrich.
In 1968, the Jaggers signed with Gamble Records. The Philadelphia soul music team of Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff produced their debut album which was recorded in Philadelphia. While in the early stages of recording the album, Jimmie Ross saw a magazine advertisement featuring another band called "The Jaggers". In order to avoid confusion, manager Joe Rock suggested that the "s" in "Jaggers" be changed to a "z". In 1969, their debut album, "Introducing the Jaggerz", was released. It is a blue-eyed soul album featuring the Jaggerz original song "(That's Why) Baby I Love You", the Ken Gamble tune "Together" and "Gotta Find My Way Back Home", written by Melvin &amp; Mervin Steals who later wrote "Could It Be I'm Falling in Love" for the Spinners. Achieving most of its airplay in the group's native western Pennsylvania, it was a moderate success.
Second album and success with "The Rapper" (1970–1973).
In its November 22, 1969 article, "Record World" said that Buddah Records had reactivated its Kama Sutra label and The Jaggerz along with The Sir Men had been signed to Kama Sutra. So by 1970, the Jaggerz had left Gamble and signed with Neil Bogart's Kama Sutra label. There they recorded their second album, "We Went to Different Schools Together", which was released in 1970.
One of the singles from "We Went to Different Schools Together" became the group's first chart-topping hit. "The Rapper", written by Donnie Iris, was released to the Pittsburgh market in December 1969. It quickly rose on the KQV Top 40 singles chart reaching No. 1 on the week of January 5, 1970. It was No. 1 on KQV for four straight weeks during January 1970. Released nationally "The Rapper" reached No. 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on March 21, 1970. It was on the Hot 100 chart for 13 weeks and was certified gold by the RIAA. Another track from the album reached the Hot 100: "I Call My Baby Candy" peaked at No. 75 and "What A Bummer" (a non-album track) climbed to No. 88. The album went to No. 62 on the Billboard Top 200 chart. The album’s classic R&amp;B tune "Memoirs of a Traveler" written by Benny Faiella and Donnie Iris was sampled by Wiz Khalifa, The Game, Slum Village and seven other hip hop artists.
The Jaggerz continued to release singles through Kama Sutra until 1973, when they moved to the RCA subsidiary Wooden Nickel Records. In 1973, the Jaggerz performed on the Wolfman Jack novelty album "Through The Ages" that was released on Wooden Nickel Records. They backed up DJ Wolfman Jack on ten songs including "The Rapper". The Jaggerz also produced and recorded with Bobby Rydell and James Darren.
Third album, new lineup and disbandment (1974–1977).
Singers Bill Maybray and Jimmie Ross left the Jaggerz. Ross was recruited by the Jaggerz manager Joe Rock to join the Skyliners. Keyboard player and singer Frank Czuri and songwriter/keyboard player Hermie Granati joined the band for the album "Come Again" that was released by Wooden Nickel Records in 1975. The single "2 + 2 / Don't It Make You Wanna Dance" was also released in 1975 but did not reach the charts. The Jaggerz were dropped from Wooden Nickel in 1976.
Sometime after being dropped from Wooden Nickel, the Jaggerz' original band members began leaving. By late 1977, Benny Faiella was the only original member left. He was joined by Gene and Robert Vallecorsa (lead guitar and keyboards, respectively), Sam Ippolito (lead vocals), and Mark Zeppuhar (saxophone). Even though they were now only playing at nightclubs, Faiella believed that the lineup was the strongest it had been in twelve years and that they would return to the charts. However this proved not to be and the Jaggerz finally broke up around 1977.
Separate projects (1978–1988).
Dominic Ierace, the band's guitarist and vocalist, joined Wild Cherry. By 1976, they had been together for six years and had just recently risen to prominence with "Play That Funky Music." While in the group, Ierace met keyboardist Mark Avsec. Ierace (continuing to use his "Donnie Iris" nickname more and more) engineered Wild Cherry's third album "I Love My Music" and appeared playing guitar on their fourth album "Only the Wild Survive". But Wild Cherry's fate seemed to be similar to the Jaggerz and they broke up in 1979. Iris then went solo with the help of Avsec, first with the non-album singles "Bring on the Eighties" and "Because of You." These singles proved to be of little influence and Avsec and Iris decided to put a band together. The lineup consisted of Iris, Avsec, Marty Lee Hoenes, Albritton McClain, and Kevin Valentine. The new band, called Donnie Iris and the Cruisers, released their first album in 1980, "Back on the Streets". The album's first single, "Ah! Leah!", began a series of successful albums and singles. Iris had 10 singles in Billboard top 100 lists. He released ten albums with the Cruisers, five of which made it to the Billboard top 200 list. Donnie Iris and the Cruisers are still together to this day.
Ross joined the Skyliners in 1975 after two of the original members left. Joe Rock, who managed both the Jaggerz and Skyliners, advised Ross to leave the Jaggerz. He sang with the Skyliners original members Jimmy Beaumont and Janet Vogel. The Skyliners appeared in 1950s revival shows around the country. In 1977, Ross recorded with the Skyliners on their Tortoise International Records album release titled “The Skyliners”. Singer Cathy Cooper joined the Skyliners after the death of Vogel in 1980. Ross sang with the Skyliners through 1982. In 1982 Cooper and Ross left the Skyliners to form the singing duo Cooper and Ross. They signed with Sweet City Records / MCA and released the album "Bottom Line". Cooper and Ross became a fixture in the Atlantic City casinos with a 36-week appearance at the Trump Plaza and extended engagements at Harrah's. They worked together for five years.
Frank Czuri became the lead singer for the CBS recording act the Silencers who appeared on the first ever broadcast of MTV. In 1980 the Silencers single "Shiver and Shake" reached number 81 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Hermie Granati formed the Granati Brothers, recorded the 1979 album "G-Force" on A&amp;M Records and opened 78 shows for Van Halen during the early 1980s. Drummer James Pugliano toured and recorded with Leon Russell, Roger Miller, J.J. Cale, Willie Nelson, and Mel Tillis.
Regrouping (1989).
The original members (sans Iris) reunited in 1989 to perform live. The reunited band included the original members Pugliano, Faiella, and Maybray along with organist Fred Dulu, sax player Robbie Klein and vocalist Donnie Marsico. Their first appearance was at a 25-year reunion concert on June 23, 1989, at the Beaver County College Golden Dome. The band with differing line-ups has played 20 to 25 shows a year since then.
"And the Band Played On" (1998).
The Jaggerz released their fifth album, "And the Band Played On..." in 1998. AllMusic said it was "heartfelt soul music". Performing on the release were Ross, Faiella, Pugliano, Dennis McAbee, and Jamie Peck. Granati rejoined the band writing the orchestrations, performing on keyboards and vocals, and co-producing the album with Ross.
"Re-Rapped by Request" (2001).
The Jaggerz released their sixth album "Re-Rapped by Request" in 2001. It features a mix of the most requested songs that they have performed over their career including "Dancin' in the Streets", "Some Kind of Wonderful", "The Love I Never Had" and a live version of the "Rapper" recorded at the A.J. Palumbo Center.
"Memoirs of the Traveler".
The melody of "Memoirs of the Traveler" from the Jaggerz' album "We Went to Different Schools Together" has been sampled by various hip hop artists. In 2008, rap artist The Game released a track "Letter to the King", produced by Hi-Tek, from his album, "LAX", that sampled the song. Other hip hop musicians who have sampled the song on their releases include "Rollin' Up" by Curren$y and Wiz Khalifa (2009), "1, 2" by Slum Village (2005) Dilated Peoples in the 1990s and, more recently, Pede B (Denmark).
Membership changes.
Original lead vocalist and bass player Maybray (born William R. Maybray on May 14, 1944) died on December 5, 2004, at age 60. He wrote and sang the group's debut single, "That's Why Baby I Love You". The original drummer Pugliano (born James Pugliano on December 4, 1946) died on June 15, 2010, at age 63.
Original members Ross and Faiella continue to perform as members of the Jaggerz. The current roster of the Jaggerz also includes vocalist and keyboardist Granati, guitarist McAbee, saxophonist Chris Patarini, and drummer Paul Martello.
"The Walk" (2014).
In 2014, The Jaggerz returned to their blue-eyed soul roots releasing the album "The Walk". Led by singer Ross, the Jaggerz brought their five part harmonies to the arrangements of eight R&amp;B classics and two updated recordings from their 1969 "Introducing the Jaggerz" album: the Gamble &amp; Huff tune "Together" and The Jaggerz original "That's Why Baby I Love You". Ross' voice and the Jaggerz harmonies appear on the love ballads "Love Won't Let Me Wait", "The Whole Town's Laughing at Me" and "That's Why Baby I Love You". Donna Groom, of the Skyliners, guest stars on a duet with Ross on the medley arrangement of "It's Gonna Take a Miracle/ I'm On The Outside". Five time Grammy winning producer/engineer Jay Dudt of Audile Images engineered the album for co-producers Granati and Ross.

</doc>
<doc id="6905468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905468" title="Alive and Well AIDS Alternatives">
Alive and Well AIDS Alternatives



</doc>
<doc id="6905476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905476" title="Hard crush">
Hard crush



</doc>
<doc id="6905478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905478" title="Soft crush">
Soft crush



</doc>
<doc id="6905479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905479" title="Splenic plexus">
Splenic plexus

The splenic plexus (lienal plexus in older texts) is formed by branches from the celiac plexus, the left celiac ganglion, and from the right vagus nerve.
It accompanies the lienal artery to the spleen, giving off, in its course, subsidiary plexuses along the various branches of the artery.

</doc>
<doc id="6905486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905486" title="Weldon Bowlin">
Weldon Bowlin

Lois Weldon Bowlin (December 10, 1940 – December 8, 2019) was a Major League Baseball third baseman. Nicknamed "Hoss", he was signed by the St. Louis Cardinals as an amateur free agent in 1959, and acquired by the Kansas City Athletics in August 1961. He started two games for the A's in 1967.
Both games Bowlin appeared in were on the road against the California Angels at Anaheim Stadium (September 16 and 17). He had five at bats, (with one hit), because Sal Bando pinch-hit for him and replaced him at third in both games. Bowlin's one hit, a single to right, came against pitcher Jack Hamilton, who earlier in the season had hit Red Sox All-Star Tony Conigliaro in the face with a fastball.
In 1968, he was hired as an assistant coach of the Alabama Crimson Tide baseball team and given a scholarship to attend classes. He continued to play minor league baseball during the summer.
In his thirteen innings on the field, Bowlin recorded four assists and made no errors.
In 1971, he was the manager of the Wisconsin Rapids Twins, guiding future major leaguers Glenn Borgman, Bill Campbell and Dave McKay.
Bowlin directed the University of West Alabama baseball program for 14 years, racking up over 300 wins, including 90 Gulf South Conference wins. In 2002, he was inducted into the UWA Athletic Hall of Fame.
Bowlin died on December 8, 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6905491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905491" title="Cosmic infrared background radiation">
Cosmic infrared background radiation



</doc>
<doc id="6905495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905495" title="Miss World 1994">
Miss World 1994

Miss World 1994, the 44th edition of the Miss World pageant, was held on 19 November 1994 and marked the third consecutive staging of Miss World in Sun City, South Africa. 87 contestants from around the world competed for the title. Lisa Hanna of Jamaica crowned her successor Aishwarya Rai of India at the end of the event.
Background.
In December 2014, Aishwarya Rai was felicitated with a Lifetime Beauty with a Purpose Award by the Miss World Organisation at the 64th Miss World contest for her humanitarian works since she won the crown.
Debuts, returns, and withdrawals.
This edition marked the debut of Bangladesh, China and Estonia. And the return of Botswana, French Polynesia, Ghana, Hungary, Kenya, Peru, Romania, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Seychelles, Tanzania and Ukraine; Tanzania, which last competed in 1967, Botswana last competed in 1974, Saint Lucia last competed in 1975, French Polynesia last competed (as Tahiti) in 1985, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines last competed in 1989, Peru last competed in 1990, Ghana and Kenya last competed in 1991 and Hungary, Romania, Seychelles and Ukraine last competed in 1992.
Aruba, Bermuda, El Salvador, Honduras, Lithuania, Malta, Namibia, Uganda, and Uruguay withdrew from the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="6905497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905497" title="Boone's Lick State Historic Site">
Boone's Lick State Historic Site

Boone's Lick State Historic Site is located in Missouri, United States, four miles east of Arrow Rock. The park was established in 1960 around one of the saltwater springs that was used in the early 19th century. It was named after Nathan and Daniel Morgan Boone, sons of famous American frontiersman Daniel Boone, who produced salt from the springs. The springs lent their name to the Boone's Lick Country, the first major American settlement in Missouri, and the Boone's Lick Road, which traversed wilderness from St. Charles, Missouri to the boomtown of Franklin, Missouri, in the early 1800s.

</doc>
<doc id="6905500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905500" title="Assault &amp; Battery (album)">
Assault &amp; Battery (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6905502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905502" title="Anatoliy Alyabyev">
Anatoliy Alyabyev



</doc>
<doc id="6905506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905506" title="François Sterchele">
François Sterchele

François Sterchele (14 March 1982 – 8 May 2008) was a Belgian professional footballer who played for Germinal Beerschot and Club Brugge. The striker was the top scorer of the Jupiler League in 2006–07. Sterchele died in a single-person car accident on 8 May 2008.
Club career.
Sterchele started his career at FC Loncin, a small team from the Belgian Provincial Leagues in the province of Liège. At the age of ten, he moved to RFC Liège where he stayed for ten years before moving to R.F.C. Union La Calamine. After three seasons, he was signed by Oud-Heverlee Leuven, a team in the third division, where he scored 21 goals during the 2004–05 season, finishing second in the topscorers list. In the subsequent playoffs, he scored another eight goals which would help earn the team to promotion to the second tier.
As a result, Sterchele was able to secure a transfer to the top division in Belgian football, the Jupiler League, when he joined Charleroi, where he was trained by Jacky Mathijssen, who would become a considerable influence in his development as a footballer. After just one year, he went to Germinal Beerschot and became the league's top scorer.
On 19 July 2007, Sterchele returned to the tutorship of Mathijssen when he moved to Club Brugge; he scored two goals on his league début against Mons.
Death.
In the early morning of 8 May 2008, Sterchele was killed instantly when he crashed his Porsche Cayman S into a tree.
The previous day, Sterchele had visited some friends in Antwerp and was supposed to meet with Jürgen Cavens and Vicenzo Verhoeven. While travelling home on the N49 between Antwerp and Knokke, at around 03:00 CEST on 8 May, Sterchele lost control of his Porsche while speeding and veered into a ditch before hitting a tree. No other vehicles were involved in the accident. Sterchele was pronounced dead at the scene.
Tributes.
Club Brugge, Sterchele's last club, decided to retire the number 23 in honor of their deceased striker. The fans of Club Brugge also started singing his name in the 23rd minute of every game their team plays. While playing against them in the Europa League, the fans of Birmingham City F.C. clapped to show their respect, and also carried the tribute out at their home ground, St. Andrews.
Also there is the "Coppa Sterchele", each year two of his ex-teams play a friendly match to honor him.

</doc>
<doc id="6905508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905508" title="Georg, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach">
Georg, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach



</doc>
<doc id="6905509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905509" title="General Service Training School">
General Service Training School

Command and Recruit Training Squadron (CRTS) of the Royal New Zealand Air Force is the principal training facility for RNZAF recruits. Located at RNZAF Base Woodbourne, it takes recruits through a 13-week training program designed to produce airmen and airwomen for the RNZAF.
Classifications.
Recruits who are below the age of 18 are classified as Air Force Cadet - Youth (AF CDT(Y)). Those who are 18 and older are classified as Air Force Cadet - Adult (AF CDT (A)). Upon graduation from CRTS, the (A)'s are reclassified as Aircraftsman (AC)'s. (Y)'s cannot be reclassified as AC until they turn to the age of 18. Regardless of classification, all CRTS recruits wear the blank shoulder board of an Aircraftsman on their epaulettes.
Instructors.
Instructors at CRTS are generally RNZAF Force Protection Corporals and Sergeants who are responsible for each training a flight of recruits. Their job classification at CRTS is Recruit Instructors. Sergeant and Flight Sergeant supervise the corporals. Apart from the Commanding Officer and the Adjutant, there are a few officers who help out in class instruction. The CRTS Warrant Officer is the chief disciplinarian.
Training.
Recruits are instructed in military history, customs and courtesies, drill, rifle shooting and maintenance, life saving, military administrative procedures, orienteering and map reading, NBC warfare, military rank structures, insignia recognition, interior economy, and 10 days in the field at RNZAF Dip Flat in which the CRTS training is put to the test.

</doc>
<doc id="6905512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905512" title="Tedimmi">
Tedimmi



</doc>
<doc id="6905513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905513" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Cosenza">
List of municipalities of the Province of Cosenza

The following is a list of the 150 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Cosenza, Calabria, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6905518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905518" title="Electron beam-induced current">
Electron beam-induced current

Electron-beam-induced current (EBIC) is a semiconductor analysis technique performed in a scanning electron microscope (SEM) or scanning transmission electron microscope (STEM). It is most commonly used to identify buried junctions or defects in semiconductors, or to examine minority carrier properties. EBIC is similar to cathodoluminescence in that it depends on the creation of electron–hole pairs in the semiconductor sample by the microscope's electron beam. This technique is used in semiconductor failure analysis and solid-state physics.
Physics of the technique.
If the semiconductor sample contains an internal electric field, as will be present in the depletion region at a p-n junction or Schottky junction, the electron–hole pairs will be separated by drift due to the electric field. If the p- and n-sides (or semiconductor and Schottky contact, in the case of a Schottky device) are connected through a picoammeter, a current will flow.
EBIC is best understood by analogy: in a solar cell, photons of light fall on the entire cell, thus delivering energy and creating electron hole pairs, and cause a current to flow. In EBIC, energetic electrons take the role of the photons, causing the EBIC current to flow. However, because the electron beam of an SEM or STEM is very small, it is scanned across the sample and variations in the induced EBIC are used to map the electronic activity of the sample.
By using the signal from the picoammeter as the imaging signal, an EBIC image is formed on the screen of the SEM or STEM. When a semiconductor device is imaged in cross-section, the depletion region will show bright EBIC contrast. The shape of the contrast can be treated mathematically to determine the minority carrier properties of the semiconductor, such as diffusion length and surface recombination velocity. In plain-view, areas with good crystal quality will show bright contrast, and areas containing defects will show dark EBIC contrast.
As such, EBIC is a semiconductor analysis technique useful for evaluating minority carrier properties and defect populations.
EBIC can be used to probe subsurface hetero-junctions of nanowires and the properties of minority carriers .
EBIC has also been extended to the study of local defects in insulators. For example, W.S. Lau (Lau Wai Shing) developed "true oxide electron beam induced current" in the 1990s. Thus, besides p-n junction or Schottky junction, EBIC can also be applied to MOS diodes. Local defects in semiconductor and local defects in the insulator could be distinguished. There exists a kind of defect which originates in the silicon substrate and extends into the insulator on top of the silicon substrate. (Please see references below.)
Recently, EBIC has been applied to high-k dielectric used in advanced CMOS technology.
SEEBIC.
A related STEM EBIC technique, called secondary electron emission EBIC, or SEEBIC, measures the positive current produced by emission of secondary electrons from a sample . SEEBIC was first demonstrated in 2018, likely due to its much smaller signal compared to the standard EBIC mode (electron-hole pair separation). The smaller interaction volume of secondary electron generation compared to electron-hole pair production makes SEEBIC accessible at much higher spatial resolution . SEEBIC signal is sensitive to a number of electronic properties, and is most notably the only high-resolution electrical conductivity mapping technique for the transmission electron microscope .
Quantitative SEM EBIC.
Most EBIC images acquired in the SEM are qualitative, only showing EBIC signal as image display contrast. Use of an external scan control generator on the SEM and a dedicated data acquisition system allow for sub-picoamp measurements and can give quantitative results. Some systems are commercially available that do this, and provide the ability to provide functional imaging by biasing and applying gate voltages to semiconductor devices.

</doc>
<doc id="6905525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905525" title="Thorn (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Thorn (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)



</doc>
<doc id="6905528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905528" title="Anglo-Ashanti wars">
Anglo-Ashanti wars

The Anglo-Ashanti wars were a series of five conflicts that took place between 1824 and 1900 between the Ashanti Empire—in the Akan interior of the Gold Coast—and the British Empire and its African allies. Despite initial Ashanti victories, the British ultimately prevailed in the conflicts, resulting in the complete annexation of the Ashanti Empire by 1900.
Earlier wars.
The British fought three earlier wars in the Gold Coast:
In the Ashanti–Fante War of 1806–07, the British refused to hand over two rebels pursued by the Ashanti, but eventually handed one over (the other escaped).
In the Ga–Fante War of 1811, the Ashanti sought to aid their Ga allies in a war against the Fante and their British allies. The Ashanti army won the initial battles but was forced back by guerrilla fighting from the Fante. The Ashanti captured a British fort at Tantamkweri.
In the Ashanti–Akim–Akwapim War of 1814–16 the Ashanti defeated the Akim-Akwapim alliance. Local British, Dutch and Danish authorities all had to come to terms with the Ashanti. By 1817, the Ashanti were expanding with an army of about 20,000, so the (British) African Company of Merchants signed a treaty of friendship that recognized Ashanti claims to sovereignty over much of the coast. The African Company of Merchants was dissolved in 1821 and the British government assumed control of the trading forts on the Gold Coast from the merchants.
First Anglo-Ashanti War (1823–1831).
In 1817, a British mission visited the Ashanti capital of Kumasi and concluded with the Asantehene Osei Bonsu a treaty of "perpetual peace and harmony" which declared no "palavers" (an archaic word for disagreements) stood between the signatory powers. However, despite the treaty a major "palaver" still remained, namely the Ashanti claim to be the overlords of the entire Gold Coast and that the British should pay them "notes" (an archaic term for rent) in exchange for being allowed to occupy forts on the coast. The British refused to pay rent to the Asantehene for their forts, which led to tensions. On 28 February 1820, another British mission headed by Joseph Dupuis arrived in Kumasi in an attempt to resolve the "palaver". Dupuis signed a treaty that was denounced at the time as "a complete sell-out" that recognised the Ashanti claim to collect tribute from the coastal peoples; renounced the British claim to protect the coastal peoples from Ashanti raids and recognised the right of the Asantehene to "eradicate from his dominions the seeds of disobedience and insubordination". When John Hope Smith, the governor of the Gold Coast, learned in April 1820 of the treaty that Dupuis had signed when he returned from Kumasi, he repudiated the treaty. The repudiation of the treaty led to Ashanti complaints that the British were dealing in bad faith. 
A major change occurred when a report written Commodore Sir James Lucas Yeo of the Royal Navy became public. Yeo as the commander of the West Africa squadron visited the forts of the African Company of Merchants and reported to London that the forts were poorly maintained. Yeo also reported more damagingly that the despite the fact that the slave trade (though not slavery) had been abolished within the British empire in 1807, the African Company of Merchants was illegally still engaged in the slave trade. In response to Yeo's report, on 7 May 1821 an act of parliament was passed that changed the status of the Gold Coast from a proprietary colony ruled by the African Company of Merchants to a Crown colony to be ruled directly by the British government. Initially the Gold Coast was attached to the Crown colony of Sierre Leone with no thought for the 900 mile distance between the two. On 28 March 1821, Brigadier General Sir Charles MacCarthy arrived at Cape Coast Castle as the new governor with a mandate to shut down some of the more indefensible coastal forts; to ensure that the remaining forts followed the law by only trading with British ships; and to suppress the still flourishing slave trade. MacCarthy was new to the Gold Coast, and the unwillingness of the merchants to co-operate with the man who had been sent to replace their rule left him isolated and thus very ignorant of the affairs of the Gold Coast. MacCarthy during his tenure as a governor was more interested in seeking to have the British government buy out the remaining Dutch and Danish forts on the Gold Coast and trying to stop the traders of the forts from doing business with American ships than in relations with the Ashanti. By the 1820s, the British had decided to support the Fante against Ashanti raids from inland. Economic and social friction played their part in the causes for the outbreak of violence. 
The immediate cause of the war happened when a group of Ashanti kidnapped and murdered an African serviceman of the Royal African Corps on 1 February 1823. Freeman writes that there is no evidence the King of Ashanti was responsible for the attack as it was caused by a dispute between the Sergeant and the Ashanti perpetrators. Sergeant Kujo Otetfo of the Royal African Colonial Corps became involved in a verbal dispute with an Ashanti trader, and in the words of a British doctor, Walton Claridge "grossly abused the King of Ashanti, and it was this insignificant event that provided the spark that set the whole country in a blaze of war". Otetfo taunted the Ashanti by saying "Cormantine and Saturday", referring to the Battle of Cormantine in 1731 that saw the Ashanti king slain, a defeat that was considered so humiliating for the Ashanti that it was a capital offense to even mention the battle within their kingdom. Otetfo was kidnapped by an Ashanti war party a few weeks later, and was beheaded on 2 February 1823. Historian Wilks adds that the attack was carried out under the commands of the War Party and not Asantehene Osei Bonsu as they executed the Sergent for insulting the Asantehene. A small British group was led into a trap which resulted in 10 killed, 39 wounded and a British retreat. The Ashanti tried to negotiate but the British governor, Sir Charles MacCarthy, rejected Ashanti claims to Fanti areas of the coast and resisted overtures by the Ashanti to negotiate. 
MacCarthy returned from Sierra Leone when he learned of Otetfo's beheading and landed at Cape Coast Castle. Dr. Clardige wrote: "His journey was a triumphal progress. The Anamabos and the people of the other villages through which he passed hailed him with enthusiasm". Despite the way that the force that he sent inland had been annihilated, MacCarthy reported the battle to London as a victory. MacCarthy wrote to the Colonial Secretary, Lord Bathurst his belief that the Ashanti were "blustering" and "they were not prepared for war, but depended solely upon the terror of their name to bring us to seek a compromise, and I suppose to extort from the native people under our fort...a contributions of six hundred ounces of gold". MacCarthy asked for and received permission to have the Royal African Corps redeployed from the Cape Colony (modern south-western South Africa) to the Gold Coast. The Royal African Corps, made up of six companies of white soldiers and three companies of black soldiers, was a "disciplinary corps" of the British Army meant to punish soldiers of "bad character" who been convicted of criminal offenses. The Royal African Corps was not regarded as a high-quality unit, but it was the only British Army unit available for operations in Africa.
MacCarthy led an invading force from the Cape Coast in two columns. Moving out to confront the British were an Ashanti force of 10,000 men armed with their "Long Dane" muskets. The Ashanti force were well disciplined as the American anthropologist Robert B. Edgerton noted that the Ashanti: "marched in perfect order, their guns carried at exactly the same angle, before they turned toward the enemy and fired volleys on command, the only African army that was known to do so". The Ashanti generally did not have bullets for their "Long Dane" muskets and used nails instead, which proved to be an effective substitute. Upon hearing that the Ashanti army was on the march, MacCarthy unwisely divided his forces. MacCarthy failed to understand until it was too late for him that the Ashanti force that he was facing was the main Ashanti army instead of an advance-guard as he assumed. The governor was in the first group of 500, which lost contact with the second column when they encountered the Ashanti army of around 10,000 on 22 January 1824, in the battle of Nsamankow. The British ran out of ammunition, suffered losses and were overrun. Almost all the British force were killed immediately while 20 managed to escape. MacCarthy, Ensign Wetherell, and his secretary Williams attempted to fall back. MacCarthy was wounded by gunfire, however, and killed by a second shot shortly thereafter. Ensign Wetherell was killed while defending MacCarthy's body. Williams was taken prisoner. He was spared death when an Ashanti sub-chief recognised him due to a favour Williams had shown him previously. Williams was held prisoner for several months in a hut that also held the severed heads of MacCarthy and Wetherell.
MacCarthy's skull was rimmed with gold and was purportedly used as a drinking-cup by Ashanti rulers. An eye-witness stated that he "saw ensign Wetherell, who appeared also to have been wounded, lying close to MacCarthy. Some of the Ashantis were attempting to cut off his head, and had already inflicted one gash on the back of his neck; luckily at this crisis an Ashanti of authority came up and recognising Williams, from whom he had received some kindness, withheld the hand of the assailant. On Williams's recovering his senses, he saw the headless trunks of MacCarthy, Buckle, and Wetherell. During his captivity he was lodged under a thatched shed in the same rooms as the heads which, owing to some peculiar process, were in a perfect state of preservation."
Some weeks later, a larger British force made up of White and Native troops came to a standstill with the same Ashanti army that defeated MacCarthy's force. The British army withdrew back to the coast with 176 dead and 677 men wounded.
Major Alexander Gordon Laing returned to Britain with news of the defeat. The Ashanti swept down to the coast, but disease forced them back. The new governor of the Gold Coast, John Hope Smith, started to gather a new army, mainly comprising natives, including Denkyiras and many other traditional enemies of the Ashanti. In August 1826, the governor heard that the Ashanti were planning on attacking Accra. A defensive position was prepared on the open plain about north of Accra and the 11,000 men waited.
On 7 August, the Ashanti army appeared and attacked the centre of the British line where the best troops were held, which included some Royal Marines, the militia and a battery of Congreve rockets. The battle dissolved into hand-to-hand fighting but the Ashanti force were not doing well on their flanks whilst they looked like winning in the centre. Then the rockets were fired. The novelty of the weapons, the explosions, rocket trails, and grievous wounds caused by flying metal shards caused the Ashanti to fall back. Soon they fled leaving thousands of casualties on the field. In 1831, the Pra River was accepted as the border in a treaty.
Second Anglo-Ashanti War (1863–1864).
The war took place between 1863 and 1864. Peace existed for more than 30 years, with both forces sticking to their side of the border. The factor that frequently sparked Ashanti conflicts was not adhering to understood or established territory borders. In the decade prior, Britain had been in a number of conflicts and skirmishes. In the 1860s alone the crown was actively involved in the bloodless Pig War dispute against the U.S. over the Canadian border. They would team with the U.S. and other colonial powers against realms in Japan during 1863. Additionally, there was a dispute in New Zealand against the Maori. In 1863, a large Ashanti force crossed the Pra River in search of a fugitive, Kwesi Gyana, British, African and Indian troops responded but neither side claimed victory as illness took more casualties on both sides than the direct combat. The war ended in 1864 and the result was a stalemate.
Third Anglo-Ashanti War (1873–1874).
The Third Anglo-Ashanti War, also known as the "First Ashanti Expedition", lasted from 1873 to 1875. In 1869, a German missionary family and a Swiss missionary had been taken from Togo to Kumasi. They were still being held in 1873.
The British Gold Coast was formally established in 1867 and in 1872, Britain expanded their territory when they purchased the Dutch Gold Coast from the Dutch, including Elmina which was claimed by the Ashanti. The Dutch had signed the Treaty of Butre in 1656 with the Ahanta. The treaty's arrangements proved very stable and regulated Dutch-Ahanta diplomatic affairs for more than 213 years. This all changed with the sale of the Dutch Gold Coast. The Ashanti invaded the new British protectorate.
General Garnet Wolseley was sent against the Ashanti with 2,500 British troops and several thousand West Indian and African troops (including some Fante) and subsequently became a household name in Britain. The war was covered by war correspondents, including Henry Morton Stanley and G. A. Henty. Military and medical instructions were printed for the troops. The British government refused appeals to interfere with British arms manufacturers who sold to both sides.
Wolseley was appointed on 13 August 1873 and went to the Gold Coast to make his plans before the arrival of his troops in January 1874. On 27 September 1873, a team of Royal Engineers landed at Cape Coast Castle. Their job was to expand the single file track that led to Kumasi, away, into a road that was suitable for troop movements. At the end of each day's march, roughly every a fortified camp would be built with long huts inside a stockade in an area that had been cleared of trees and undergrowth to provide some protection against hostile natives.
Bridges were built across streams using trees, bamboo and creepers for ropes and a major bridge across the -wide Pra River was built using pre-manufactured pieces brought from Chatham, England. In total, 237 bridges would be built. Some of the camps were larger—Prahsue, next to the bridge had a medical hut and a tower on a mound, stores, forge, telegraph office and post office. It was stocked with 400 tons of food and 1.1m rounds of ammunition. The labour was supplied locally. To start the workers did not know how to use European tools and were liable to vanish into the forest if they heard a rumour that the Ashanti were nearby. Sickness, despite taking quinine daily, claimed the European engineers. Even so, the road progressed. By 24 January a telegraph line reached Prahsue.
The first troops arrived in late December and on 1 January 1874 started marching along the road to the front, half a battalion at a time. The troops comprised a battalion each from the Black Watch, the Rifle Brigade and Royal Welch Fusiliers, along with the 1st and 2nd West India Regiments, a Naval Brigade, two native regiments, Royal Artillery, Royal Engineers and Royal Marines. By 29 January, the road was more than half completed and they were close to Ashanti outposts. Skirmishing between the two forces began. Wolseley prepared to fight a battle.
The Battle of Amoaful was fought on 31 January. A road was cut to the village and the Black Watch led the way, forming square in the clearing with the Rifle Brigade, while flanking columns moved around the village. With the pipes playing "The Campbells Are Coming" the Black Watch charged with bayonets and the shocked Ashantis fled. The flank columns were slow moving in the jungle and the Ashantis moved around them in their normal horseshoe formation and attacked the camp to the rear. The Royal Engineers defended themselves until relieved by the Rifle Brigade. Although there was another small battle two days later, the Battle of Ordashu, the action had been decisive and the route to Kumasi was open. There were three killed and 165 wounded Europeans, one killed and 29 African troops wounded.
The capital, Kumasi, was abandoned by the Ashanti when the British arrived on 4 February and was briefly occupied by the British. They demolished the royal palace with explosives, leaving Kumasi a heap of smouldering ruins. The British were impressed by the size of the palace and the scope of its contents, including "rows of books in many languages".
The Ashanti signed the Treaty of Fomena in July 1874 to end the war. Among articles of the treaty between Queen Victoria and Kofi Karikari, King of Ashanti were that "The King of Ashanti promises to pay the sum of 50,000 ounces of approved gold as indemnity for the expenses he has occasioned to Her Majesty the Queen of England by the late war..." The treaty also required an end to human sacrifice and stated that "There shall be freedom of trade between Ashanti and Her Majesty's forts on the [Gold Coast], all persons being at liberty to carry their merchandise from the Coast to Kumasi, or from that place to any of Her Majesty's possessions on the Coast." Furthermore, the treaty stated: "The King of Ashanti guarantees that the road from Kumasi to the River Pra shall always be kept open..." Wolseley completed the campaign in two months, and re-embarked for home before the unhealthy season began.
Wolseley was promoted and showered with honours. British casualties were 18 dead from combat and 55 from disease (70%), with 185 wounded.
Some British accounts pay tribute to the hard fighting of the Ashanti at Amoaful, particularly the tactical insight of their commander, Amankwatia: "The great Chief Amankwatia was among the killed [...] Admirable skill was shown in the position selected by Amankwatia, and the determination and generalship he displayed in the defence fully bore out his great reputation as an able tactician and gallant soldier."
The campaign is also notable for the first recorded instance of a traction engine being employed on active service. Steam sapper number 8 (made by Aveling and Porter) was shipped out and assembled at Cape Coast Castle. As a traction engine it had limited success hauling heavy loads up the beach, but gave good service when employed as a stationary engine driving a large circular saw.
Before the 1873 war, Wolseley had campaigned for a more comfortable clothing for hot climates and in this war had managed to get his troops kitted out in a better uniform.
Fourth Anglo-Ashanti War (1895–1896).
The Fourth Anglo-Ashanti War, also known as the "Second Ashanti Expedition", was brief, lasting only from 26 December 1895 to 4 February 1896. The Ashanti turned down an unofficial offer to become a British protectorate in 1891, extending to 1894. The British also wanted to establish a British resident in Kumasi. The Ashanti King Prempeh I refused to surrender his sovereignty. Wanting to keep French and German forces out of Ashanti territory (and its gold), the British were anxious to conquer the Ashanti once and for all. The Ashanti sent a delegation to London offering concessions on its gold, cocoa and rubber trade as well as submission to the crown. The British however had already made their minds up on a military solution, they were on their way, the delegation only returning to Kumasi a few days before the troops marched in.
Colonel Sir Francis Scott left Cape Coast with the main expeditionary force of British and West Indian troops, Maxim guns and 75mm artillery in December 1895, and travelling along the remnants of the 1874 road arrived in Kumasi in January 1896. Major Robert Baden-Powell led a native levy of several local tribes in the campaign. The Asantehene directed the Ashanti not to resist, but casualties from sickness among the British troops were high. Soon, Governor William Maxwell arrived in Kumasi as well. Asantehene Agyeman Prempeh was unable or unwilling to pay the 50,000 ounces of gold so was arrested and deposed. He was forced to sign a treaty of protection, and with other Ashanti leaders was sent into exile in the Seychelles.
Baden-Powell published a diary of life giving the reasons, as he saw them, for the war: To put an end to human sacrifice. To put a stop to slave-trading and raiding. To ensure peace and security for the neighbouring tribes. To settle the country and protect the development of trade. To get paid up the balance of the war indemnity. He also believed that if a smaller force had been sent, there would have been bloodshed. Prempeh I was banished to the Seychelles. Eleven years later, the Boy Scouts were started by Baden-Powell. Later still, after Prempeh was released and returned home, he became Chief Scout of Ashanti.
The British force left Kumasi on 22 January 1896, arriving back at the coast two weeks later. Not a shot had been fired but 18 Europeans were dead and 50% of the troops were sick. Among the dead was Queen Victoria's son-in-law, Prince Henry of Battenberg, who was taken ill before getting to Kumasi and died on 20 January on board ship, returning to England. In 1897 Ashanti territory became a British protectorate.
Fifth War, "War of the Golden Stool", 1900.
Technology was reaching the Gold Coast, a railway to Kumasi was started in 1898 but had not progressed far when another war broke out. The railway was to be completed in 1903.
In the War of the Golden Stool (1900), also known as the "Third Ashanti Expedition", on 25 March 1900, the British representative, Sir Frederick Mitchell Hodgson committed a political error by insisting he should sit on the Golden Stool, not understanding that it was the Royal throne and very sacred to the Ashanti. He ordered a search be made for it. The Ashanti, enraged by this act, attacked the soldiers engaged in the search.
The British retreated to a small stockade, square with loopholed high stone walls and firing turrets at each corner, where 8 Europeans, dozens of mixed-race colonial administrators, and 500 Nigerian Hausas with six small field guns and four Maxim guns defended themselves. The British detained several high-ranking leaders in the fort. The stockade was besieged and the telegraph wires cut. A rescue party of 700 arrived in June, but many sick men in the fort could not be evacuated. The healthier men escaped, including Hodgson and his wife and 100 Hausas, and meeting up with the rescue party, managed to avoid the 12,000 Ashanti warriors and make it back to the coast.
On 14 July, a second relief force of 1,000 made it to Kumasi having fought several engagements along the route, relieving the fort on 15 July when they only had a few days of supplies left. The remaining Ashanti court not exiled to the Seychelles had mounted the offensive against the British and Fanti troops resident at the Kumasi Fort, but were defeated.
Yaa Asantewaa, the Queen-Mother of Ejisu, who had led the rebellion, King Prempeh I, and other Ashanti leaders were also sent to the Seychelles. The Ashanti territories became part of the Gold Coast colony on 1 January 1902, on the condition that the Golden Stool would not be violated by British or other non-Akan foreigners. The Ashanti claimed a victory as they had not lost their sacred stool. In September the British sent flying columns out to visit neighbouring peoples who had supported the rebellion, resulting in a number of skirmishes.
The British and their allies suffered 1,070 fatalities in total. The Ashanti casualties are estimated to have been around 2,000. The sacred golden stool, which is depicted on the Ashanti flag, had been well hidden and was only discovered by road workers by accident in 1920. King Prempeh I returned from exile in 1924, travelling to Kumasi by a special train.
Awards.
Four awards were made of the Victoria Cross, for Gallantry in the period 1873–74 and two for the 1900 campaign. (See List of Victoria Cross recipients by campaign)
An Ashanti Medal was created for those involved in the War of the Golden Stool. This expedition lasted from March to September 1900. It was issued as a Silver or bronze Medal.
Footnote.
After the 1896 Expedition, King Prempeh was exiled to the Seychelles. Eleven years later, Baden-Powell created the Boy Scout Movement. King Prempeh was released from exile and restored to Ashanti, and became Patron of Ashanti Scouts.
Further reading.
General
Third Anglo-Ashanti War

</doc>
<doc id="6905534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905534" title="Wakil Ahmad Mutawakel">
Wakil Ahmad Mutawakel



</doc>
<doc id="6905537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905537" title="Chili shrimp">
Chili shrimp

Chili shrimp ( or ) is a dish of stir-fried shrimp in chili sauce (which may use doubanjiang) in Chinese cuisine. It is a part of both Sichuan and Shanghai cuisines.
The Sichuan version has a crisp texture and uses dried chillis, onions, and tomatoes.
In Japanese Chinese cuisine, ebi-chiri () is derived from Shanghai-style Sichuan cuisine. It consists of stir-fried shrimp in chilli sauce. It has a history in Japan. According to "Iron Chef", "ebi-chiri" was introduced to and popularized in Japan by Chen Kenmin, father of Iron Chef Chinese Chen Kenichi.
In Korean Chinese cuisine, chili shrimp is called kkansyo-saeu (), a named consisting of the word "kkansyo" derived from Chinese "gān shāo" (, "dry braising") and "saeu" meaning "shrimp" in Korean, or chilli-saeu () with the English-derived word "chilli".
There is a Singaporean version of chili shrimp derived from the Sichuan version, but it has a moist texture and uses fresh chili peppers. "The New York Times" stated that the Singapore version "resembles only slightly the Chinese version."

</doc>
<doc id="6905540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905540" title="Manor (department store)">
Manor (department store)

Manor AG is a Swiss department store chain with its headquarters in Basel. It is owned by Maus Frères of Geneva, and is Switzerland’s largest department-store chain. It generated total sales of CHF 3 billion in 2013. Manor has been a member of the International Association of Department Stores since 1968.
Company history.
Brothers Ernest and Henri Maus together with Léon Nordmann opened their first department store in Lucerne in 1902, under the “Léon Nordmann” name. The more familiar “Manor” – a combination of the founders’ Maus and Nordmann surnames – did not appear until a new corporate identity was adopted in about 1965.
All the company’s department stores in German-speaking Switzerland have borne the Manor name since 1994, and all the stores in the rest of the country have carried the name since September 2000.
Locations.
Manor's mainline stores are located in Basel, Geneva, Lausanne, Locarno, Lugano, Luzern &amp; Zürich plus
Aarau, Affoltern am Albis, Ascona, Bachenbülach, Baden, Balerna, Bellinzona, Biasca, Biel/Bienne, Bulle, Chavannes de Bogis, Chur, Delémont, Emmen, Frauenfeld, Fribourg, Haag, Heerbrugg, Hinwil, Ibach, Kreuzlingen, La Chaux-de-Fonds, Langenthal, Liestal, Marin-Epagnier, Monthey, Morges, Nyon, Payerne, Pfaffikon, Rapperswil, Rickenbach, S. Antonino, Sargans, Schaffhausen, Schattdorf, Schönbühl, Sierre, Sion, Solothrun, Spreitenbach, St Gallen, Thun, Vesenaz, Vevey, Vezia, Wattwil, Winterthur, Wohlen, Yverdon-les-bains, &amp; Zug.

</doc>
<doc id="6905541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905541" title="Republic of srpska securities commission">
Republic of srpska securities commission



</doc>
<doc id="6905542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905542" title="Nikola Modruski">
Nikola Modruski



</doc>
<doc id="6905543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905543" title="Fenrus">
Fenrus



</doc>
<doc id="6905546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905546" title="Bothwell Lodge State Historic Site">
Bothwell Lodge State Historic Site

Bothwell Lodge State Historic Site is a state-owned property located north of Sedalia, Missouri, United States, preserving the 31-room, 12,000-square-foot summer home, Bothwell Lodge, built for Sedalia attorney John Homer Bothwell. The site offers tours and trails for hiking and mountain biking. It is administered by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources.
History.
John Bothwell purchased the property in 1896, naming it Stonyridge Farm. From 1897 to 1928, Bothwell built the lodge in four phases on top of a rock bluff overlooking a valley. The lodge was intended to be a summer home and is an eclectic combination of various styles with Craftsman influences. One of the eccentricities of the home was an attempt to use a natural cave discovered during construction as a source of natural air conditioning. The limestone used in the home's construction was quarried on site.
A widower for most of his life, Bothwell often invited family and friends to stay at the lodge. It was to this group of individuals that he left the lodge upon his death. The group was named the Bothwell Lodge Club, and the lodge was placed under its control so long as more than five members remained alive. Upon the death of the sixth member (reducing the membership to five), the lodge would be offered to the state. In 1969, the property was officially offered to the state, which accepted the home five years later.
Activities and amenities.
In addition to the lodge, the grounds include a garage/home, another separate home, hiking trails, picnicking facilities, and a playground.

</doc>
<doc id="6905549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905549" title="Hagop Dilaçar">
Hagop Dilaçar



</doc>
<doc id="6905552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905552" title="Hagop Dilacar">
Hagop Dilacar



</doc>
<doc id="6905556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905556" title="Infrared cirrus">
Infrared cirrus

Infrared cirrus or galactic cirrus are galactic filamentary structures seen in space over most of the sky that emit far-infrared light. The name is given because the structures are cloud-like in appearance. These structures were first detected by the Infrared Astronomy Satellite at wavelengths of 60 and 100 micrometres.

</doc>
<doc id="6905558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905558" title="Tedim Kam">
Tedim Kam



</doc>
<doc id="6905560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905560" title="Command Training School">
Command Training School

Command Training School of the Royal New Zealand Air Force is the unit responsible for training officer cadets. Graduates are then commissioned as Officers on the completion of their Initial Officer Training Course.
Formerly located at RNZAF Base Wigram, CTS was relocated to RNZAF Base Woodbourne when Wigram was decommissioned in 1995.
Officer Cadets wear distinctive insignia on their uniforms. Their shoulder rank badge consists of a white band that takes up about half the slip-on rank slide. On their service uniform white square tabs are placed on the service uniform jacket collar. The flight cap bears a white flash, but the service hat is the same as that worn by commissioned officers.
Like the enlisted recruits at Command Recruit Training Squadron, CTS Officer Cadets do ten days in-field training at RNZAF Dip Flat.

</doc>
<doc id="6905564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905564" title="Georg Friedrich, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach">
Georg Friedrich, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach



</doc>
<doc id="6905566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905566" title="Tedimmi (for Tedim Tribes)">
Tedimmi (for Tedim Tribes)



</doc>
<doc id="6905567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905567" title="Hagop Martayan">
Hagop Martayan



</doc>
<doc id="6905568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905568" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Crotone">
List of municipalities of the Province of Crotone

The following is a list of the 27 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Crotone, Calabria, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6905571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905571" title="Gorseddau Tramway">
Gorseddau Tramway

The Gorseddau Tramway was a narrow gauge railway built in Wales in 1856 to link the slate quarries around Gorseddau with the wharves at Porthmadog. It was an early forerunner of the Gorseddau Junction and Portmadoc Railway and subsequently the Welsh Highland Railway.
Tremadoc Tramway.
The Tremadoc tramway (sometimes known as the "Llidiartyspytty Railway") was built by William Madocks sometime before 1842, and possibly as early as the 1830s. It connected the ironstone mine at Llidiart Yspytty to Porthmadog harbour. Little is known about the operation of the railway, though it is believed to have been horse worked with similar track and rolling stock to the nearby Nantlle Railway. The ironstone mine was not successful, so the tramway was extended to serve a nearby slate quarry, which was owned by the "Bangor &amp; Portmadoc Slate &amp; Slab Co. Ltd."
In 1856, the Bangor &amp; Portmadoc Slate &amp; Slab company requested tenders to extend the line to the Gorseddau slate quarry (known at the time by its local Welsh name, Gorsedda), at Glan Bwll. The engineer was James Brunlees, who was based in Manchester. The extended railway, completed in 1857, was known as the Gorsedda Tramway.
Route and operation.
From the wharves at Porthmadog harbor the line curved through the town and ran alongside the "Y Cyt" canal to Tremadog. From there a reversing neck marked the beginning of the extension towards Gorseddau. The route headed west through the village of Penmorfa where it passed under the main road in a short tunnel. Along this stretch gradients reached a maximum of 1 in 23. At Henefail the line turned north past Ynys-y-Pandy and on to Gorseddau where a short incline lead into the quarry. The line ran a total distance of just over 8 miles and rose 900 feet in that distance. Down loads were worked by gravity.
The line was horse operated using wagons and a passenger carriage supplied by the Boston Lodge works of the Ffestiniog Railway.
Takeover.
In 1863, the Croesor Tramway was built, connecting the slate quarries of the Croesor valley with Porthmadog. This narrow gauge tramway crossed the Gorseddau on the level on the edge of Porthmadog and served the same wharves.
In 1871, notice was given by the owners of the Gorseddau Tramway that they intended to replace the tramway with a new railway between Gorseddau and Porthmadog of narrow gauge. This would allow common rolling stock to be used between the Croesor and Gorseddau tramways and the Ffestiniog railway, all of which delivered slate to Porthmadog harbour. An act of parliament was authorized on 25 July 1872 and the Gorseddau Junction and Portmadoc Railway was created, replacing the Gorseddau Tramway.

</doc>
<doc id="6905572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905572" title="Agop Dilacar">
Agop Dilacar



</doc>
<doc id="6905576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905576" title="Ellen Tarry">
Ellen Tarry

Ellen Tarry (September 26, 1906 – September 23, 2008) was an African-American journalist and author who served as a minor figure in the Harlem Renaissance. Her "Janie Belle" (1940) was the first African-American picture book, and her other works include further literature for children and young adults as well as an autobiography.
Biography.
Tarry was born in Birmingham, Alabama. Although raised in the Congregational Church, she converted to Catholicism in 1922, after years of attending the St Francis de Sales school for girls on the former Belmead plantation property in Virginia. She was taught there by the Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament.
She thereafter attended Alabama State Normal School, now Alabama State University, and became a teacher in Birmingham. At the same time, she began writing a column for the local African-American newspaper entitled "Negroes of Note", focusing on racial injustice and racial pride.
In 1929, she moved to New York City in hope of becoming a writer. There she befriended such Harlem Renaissance literary figures as Langston Hughes, Claude McKay and Countee Cullen. She was the first "Negro Scholarship" recipient at the Bank Street College of Education in New York City, where she met and became friends with Margaret Wise Brown and was influenced by the "here and now" theory of picture book composition.
Tarry published four picture books: "Janie Belle" (1940), illustrated by Myrtle Sheldon), 1942's "Hezekiah Horton" (illustrated by Oliver Harrington), 1946's "My Dog Rinty" in collaboration with Caldecott Medal winner Marie Hall Ets (photographs by Alexander and Alexandra Alland), concerning a Harlem family and their mischievous pet, and 1950's "The Runaway Elephant" (again illustrated by Harrington), which continued the relationships started in "Hezekiah Horton".
Tarry's "The Third Door: The Autobiography of an American Negro Woman" (from 1955) tells of her life in the South (including her time at the SBS school in Virginia), her migration to New York City, her friendship with McKay, and her deep commitment to Catholicism. In 1942, Tarry was one of the first two co-directors along with Ann Harrigan Makletzoff, at the request of Catherine de Hueck Doherty, of the Chicago branch of Friendship House, a Catholic outreach movement promoting interracial friendship. It offers a thoughtful eyewitness view of life in Alabama and Harlem from the 20s through the early 50s, a pivotal era in the evolution of race relations. Her involvement with USO during the Second World War opens a window on the experience of mobilization and the later integration of the military. The book's concluding chapter recounts a drive from Harlem to Birmingham and back in the immediate aftermath of the 1954 Supreme Court desegregation decision.
Tarry's biographies include "Katherine Drexel: Friend of the Neglected", "Pierre Toussaint: Apostle of Old New York", "The Other Toussaint: A Post-Revolutionary Black", and "Martin de Porres, Saint of the New World".
Tarry died on September 23, 2008, three days before her 102nd birthday.
Personal life.
She had one daughter, Elizabeth Tarry Patton, from a brief marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="6905580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905580" title="Lienal plexus">
Lienal plexus



</doc>
<doc id="6905581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905581" title="Bitruncated alternated cubic honeycomb">
Bitruncated alternated cubic honeycomb



</doc>
<doc id="6905583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905583" title="Hepatic plexus">
Hepatic plexus

The hepatic plexus is a sympathetic and parasympathetic nerve plexus that provides innervation to the parenchyma of the liver as well as contributing innervation to some other abdominal structures.
Its sympathetic component is derived from the coeliac and superior mesenteric plexuses; its parasympathetic component is derived from the anterior and posterior vagal trunks.
Anatomy.
Afferents.
Sympathetic.
The plexus receives post-ganglionic sympathetic afferents from the celiac plexus, and the superior mesenteric plexus. The hepatic plexus is the largest derivative of the celiac plexus.
Parasympathetic.
The plexus receives pre-ganglionic parasymathetic afferents primarily from the anterior vagal trunk, with a lesser contribution from the posterior vagal trunk. The anterior vagal trunk issues one or more hepatic branches of anterior vagal trunk that pass in the superior portion of the lesser omentum to reach the hepatic plexus.
Efferents and distribution.
The plexus is the primary source of innervation for the parenchyma of the liver. Efferents of the plexus accompany the branches of the portal triad through the porta hepatis into the liver, ultimately reaching as far as the individual hepatocytes.
Multiple fine branches arise from the plexus to be distributed to the gallbladder, and the extrahepatic bile ducts.
Some accompany the gastroomental artery to provide a minor contribution to the innervation of the stomach. Some efferents from the plexus accompany the right gastric artery to reach and contribute to the innervation of the pylorus. Some accompany the gastroduodenal artery and its branches to reach the pylorus, proximal duodenum, and the pancreas.
Physiology.
Hepatic.
Other than their role in mediating vasoconstriction, the function of the plexus' efferents is unclear. Efferents are apparently involved in regulating hepatic metabolism, and sinusoidal blood flow control. The plexus is however not functionally essential, as demonstrated by the continued functioning of transplanted livers where the efferents of the plexus are cut during the transplantation process.
Efferents to the liver are involved in cholinergic, aminergic, peptidergic, and nitrergic neurotransmission.
Biliary.
The parasympathetic component of the plexus' efferents to the gallbladder and extrahepatic bile duct is visceral motor and innervates the smooth muscle in the walls of the ducts and gallbladder.

</doc>
<doc id="6905585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905585" title="Grumbacher">
Grumbacher

Grumbacher is a US brand of art materials. Grumbacher offers products for artists including acrylic paints, oil paints, watercolor paints and other painting media, as well as brushes.
Overview.
The company was founded in 1905 by Max Grumbacher. It became a subsidiary of Sanford L.P., a Newell Rubbermaid company, until September 2006, when it was acquired by Chartpak, Inc., an art materials and office products company headquartered in Leeds, Massachusetts.
Grumbacher markets both collegiate- and professional-grade artist products.
The collegiate grade products carry the "Academy" name branding. The Academy line currently consists of oil, acrylic, and watercolor paints as well as three brush lines.
The Grumbacher professional product line consists of "Grumbacher MAX", a "water-mixable" oil paint, which means it can be diluted using water instead of conventional solvents; there are 60 "MAX" colors available. The line also markets "Grumbacher PRETESTED" oil paints (90 colors), which are conventional linseed-oil based paints for professional artists' use. The professional line was rounded out in the spring of 2008 with the return of "Grumbacher FINEST" watercolors (54 colors).
Along with the manufacture of paint, Grumbacher currently produces nine brush lines and a full line of media, grounds, solvents, varnishes and artist accessories.
Grumbacher's current range of watercolors includes the Academy watercolor line, a student line in 7.5ml tubes, and the Finest line, a professional grade of watercolors in 14ml tubes. The colors in both lines offer a diverse palette and are as rich and light-fast as most competitive grade lines. Grumbacher also recently released a superior professional-grade line, called Grumbacher Finest, which had a brief stint as a brand until its name change to Prismacolor watercolors after Grumbacher's acquisition by then new owners Sanford L.P.

</doc>
<doc id="6905588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905588" title="Cottonwoodhill">
Cottonwoodhill

Cottonwoodhill is the debut album by Brainticket.
The LP's original inner sleeve warns: "After Listening to this Record, your friends may not know you anymore" and "Only listen to this once a day. Your brain might be destroyed!"
Personnel.
Credits adapted from Discogs
Brainticket
Technical

</doc>
<doc id="6905589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905589" title="Kanayan">
Kanayan



</doc>
<doc id="6905593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905593" title="Tennis open">
Tennis open



</doc>
<doc id="6905599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905599" title="Governor of British Guiana">
Governor of British Guiana



</doc>
<doc id="6905603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905603" title="Vickers Light Tanks Mk VI">
Vickers Light Tanks Mk VI



</doc>
<doc id="6905613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905613" title="Legislative districts of Pateros–Taguig">
Legislative districts of Pateros–Taguig

The legislative district of Pateros–Taguig is the combined representation of the independent municipality of Pateros and eastern part of the highly urbanized city of Taguig in the Congress of the Philippines. The city and municipality are currently represented in the lower house of the Congress through their lone congressional district.
History.
Areas now under the jurisdiction of Taguig and Pateros were initially represented as part of the at-large district of the province of Manila in the Malolos Congress from 1898 to 1899. Both towns were later incorporated to the province of Rizal, established in 1901, and were represented as part of the first district of Rizal from 1907 to 1941 and from 1945 to 1972. During World War II, both towns were represented as part of the at-large district of Rizal in the National Assembly of the Second Philippine Republic from 1943 to 1944. Taguig and Pateros were separated from Rizal on November 7, 1975, by virtue of Presidential Decree No. 824, and was represented in the Interim Batasang Pambansa along with other Metropolitan Manila municipalities and cities as part of Region IV from 1978 to 1984.
Taguig and Pateros were grouped with Muntinlupa to form a single parliamentary district which returned one representative to the Regular Batasang Pambansa in 1984. Taguig and Pateros formed one congressional district under the new Constitution proclaimed on February 11, 1987; it elected its member to the restored House of Representatives starting that same year.
The western area of Taguig, coterminous with the Second Councilor District of Taguig (for the purpose of electing municipal, now city, council members), was separated to form a separate congressional district by virtue of Republic Act No. 8487, the law which converted Taguig into a highly urbanized city. Despite being enacted by Congress on February 11, 1998, the said law only took effect on December 8, 2004, after the Commission on Elections issued a resolution confirming that the affirmative votes for cityhood prevailed in the ballot recount. This new district first elected its separate representative in the 2007 general elections.
There was a boundary dispute over which city has jurisdiction over lands encompassed within the former Fort McKinley U.S. Military Reservation (now Fort Bonifacio and its surrounding areas). Portions of four of Taguig's barangays (Fort Bonifacio, Pinagsama, Western Bicutan, and Ususan) were claimed by the neighboring city of Makati as part of its own two barangays (Post Proper Northside and Post Proper Southside). Residents of areas where Taguig exercise "de facto" control vote as part of its second congressional district except for areas under barangay Ususan, which is part of Taguig's 1st district, while residents of areas where Makati exercises "de facto" control vote as part of its second congressional district.

</doc>
<doc id="6905617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905617" title="One for the Road (April Wine album)">
One for the Road (April Wine album)

One for the Road is a live album by Canadian rock band April Wine, recorded during their "One More for the Road" tour in 1984 in support of their "Animal Grace" (1984) album.

</doc>
<doc id="6905625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905625" title="Dromore Central Primary School">
Dromore Central Primary School

Dromore Central Primary School (colloquially referred to as "the Central") is a primary school located in Dromore, County Down, Northern Ireland. The original school building was built in 1938 and had approximately 700 pupils aged from 4–11 years in 28 classes. This building was replaced with a new multi-million pound purpose built campus on the Mossvale Road which opened in 2016. The school aims "to promote the all-round development of every pupil". It is within the Southern Education and Library Board area.
The old school building is now vacant and is situated on the main Dromore to Banbridge road, only 300 yards from the Market Square. The new school building is located about 1/4 mile from Market Square on the Mossvale Road. It consists of 25 modern classrooms and facilities including extensive outdoor playing areas and a large car park.
Since 2001, the compulsory school uniform has consisted of a green pullover, a red polo-shirt and grey trousers, this replaced a brown-yellow uniform which had been worn since the 1970s.
History.
The school, as it stands today and will hopefully be re used, was established in 1938 by the "Down Education Authority", to replace the former "Church of Ireland (Cathedral) School", which it neighboured, and the "First Dromore Presbyterian Church School", as well as the "Unitarian" or "Hunters' School". The school was extended to provide an extra block of classrooms and a dining hall with kitchen in 1979. Since, the school has seen the addition of mobile classrooms to help cope with the rising rolls. Prior to its present title, the school had been known as "Dromore Public Elementary School", or simply "the P.E. school".
New Building.
In August 2006, the Southern Education and Library Board announced it was 'pursuing' the acquisition of a site at Mossvale Road in Dromore, for a replacement school for the over-stretched Dromore Central Primary School. On 30 June 2007, the Tullymacarette Primary School sited 3 miles southwest of the town closed with all of its pupils being fed into Dromore Central, with the exception of those who desired to go to another school. The new school building was completed in 2016 and was officially opened by the then Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall. The Dromore Town Centre Development Plan suggests that the existing site could be developed into a community centre or a hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="6905627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905627" title="Ebic">
Ebic



</doc>
<doc id="6905628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905628" title="List of municipalities of the Metropolitan City of Reggio Calabria">
List of municipalities of the Metropolitan City of Reggio Calabria

The following is a list of the 97 municipalities ("comuni") of the Metropolitan City of Reggio Calabria, Calabria, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6905632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905632" title="Suffer the Children (The 4400)">
Suffer the Children (The 4400)



</doc>
<doc id="6905634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905634" title="Egidius Braun">
Egidius Braun

Egidius Braun (27 February 1925 – 16 March 2022) was a German sports administrator who served as the eighth president of the German Football Association (, DFB) from 1992 to 2001. Subsequently, he was appointed Honorary President. That same year, Braun founded the "DFB Foundation Egidius Braun", which takes care of distressed youth. Furthermore, the "Egidius-Braun Award" is awarded by the WDR. In 1985, he was awarded the Grand Cross with Star and Sash of the Bundesverdienstkreuz.
Life.
Braun was born in Breinig. At the age of 13, he was playing for SV Breinig. After graduation in 1943 in Alsdorf, he became a soldier in World War II and was taken prisoner, from which he was released in 1946. After returning, Braun studied law and philosophy and founded the company "Kartoffel-Braun" (Braun Potatoes). In addition he played football in the first team of SV Breinig. From 19 August 1956 to 20 February 1959, he was chairman of the club.
On 4 August 1973, Braun was elected president of the Middle Rhine Football Association and a member of the DFB Advisory Board. On 25 August of the same year he became Vice President of the Western German Football Association.
From 1983 to 1987, Braun was a member of the board of 1. FC Köln. On his 60th birthday, 27 February 1985, he was awarded the Federal Cross of Merit 1st class. He received the Federal Cross of Merit with Star in 1997. For his services to the country of North Rhine-Westphalia he was honored with the Order of Merit of the country in 1995.
From 1977 to 1992 he was treasurer of the DFB. On 24 October 1992, Braun was elected the eighth president of the DFB. That same year he also became a member of the board for the National Olympic Committee. Braun remained DFB president until 28 April 2001.
During the World Cup 1986 in Mexico, Braun visited with some international players, a Mexican orphanage and founded, in the wake of misery, Mexico Help of the Egidius Braun Foundation. Also due to his charitable commitment, Braun received many sympathies within the DFB, UEFA and from the whole environment of German football. Nonetheless, he was not spared of problematic situations. After the Germany national team was defeated at the 1994 FIFA World Cup in the United States, Braun had to justify his solidarity with criticized German national coach Berti Vogts. The "Bild" newspaper urged Vogts to resign. Two years later, national coach Vogts, won the European Championship.
Braun was married; the couple had two sons. He was a hunter and nature lover. The supporter of Alemannia lived in Aachen. On 16 October 2006, he suffered a stroke.
He died in Aachen on 16 March 2022, at the age of 97.

</doc>
<doc id="6905638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905638" title="Grand Council (Qing dynasty)">
Grand Council (Qing dynasty)

The Grand Council or Junji Chu (; Manchu: "coohai nashūn i ba"), officially the Banli Junji Shiwu Chu (), was an important policy-making body of China during the Qing dynasty. It was established in 1733 by the Yongzheng Emperor. The council was originally in charge of military affairs, but gradually attained a more important role and eventually attained the role of a privy council, eclipsing the Grand Secretariat in function and importance, which is why it has become known as the "Grand Council" in English.
Despite its important role in the government, the Grand Council remained an informal policy making body in the inner court and its members held other concurrent posts in the Qing civil service. Originally, most of the officials serving in the Grand Council were Manchus, but gradually, Han Chinese officials were admitted into the ranks of the council. One of the earliest Han Chinese officials to serve in the council was Zhang Tingyu. The chancellery was housed in an insignificant building just west of the gate to the Palace of Heavenly Purity in the Forbidden City.
Origins of the Grand Council.
Council of Princes and High Officials.
In the early Qing dynasty, political power was held by the Council of Princes and High Officials (議政王大臣會議), which consisted of eight imperial princes who served as imperial advisers at the same time. It also included a few Manchu officials. Established in 1637, the council was responsible for deciding major policies of the Qing government. Decisions of the council had precedence over decisions of the Grant Secretariat, the imperial cabinet. Under rules set by Nurhaci, the Council even had the power to depose the Emperor. In 1643, the Shunzhi Emperor expanded the council's composition to Han Chinese officials, with its mandate expanded to all important decisions relating to the Qing Empire. The council's powers gradually waned after the establishment of the Southern Study and the Grand Council, and it was abolished in 1717.
Southern Study.
The Southern Study (; Manchu: "Julergi bithei boo") was an institution that held the highest policy-making power after its establishment in 1677. It was abolished in 1898. The Southern Study was built by the Kangxi Emperor in the southwestern corner of the Palace of Heavenly Purity. Members of the Hanlin Academy, selected based on literary merit, were posted to the Study so that the Emperor had easy access to them when he sought counsel or discussion. When posted to the Study, officials were known as "[having] access to the Southern Study" (南書房行走). Because of their proximity to the Emperor, officials posted to the Study became highly influential to the Emperor. After the establishment of the Grand Council, the Southern Study remained an important institution but lost its policy advisory role. Officials regarded secondment to the Southern Study as an honourable recognition of their literary achievements. In Chinese, the term "access to the Southern Study" in modern usage indicates a person who, through channels other than formal government office, has significant influence over leaders of the government.
Establishment of the Grand Council.
In 1729, the Yongzheng Emperor launched a military offensive against the Dzungar Khanate. Concerns were raised that the meeting location of the Grand Secretariat (outside the Gate of Supreme Harmony) did not ensure security for military secrets. The Junjichu was then established in the Inner Court of the Forbidden City. Trustworthy members of Cabinet staff were then seconded to work in the new Office. After defeating the Dzungars, the Yongzheng Emperor found that the streamlined operations of the Office of Military Secrets avoided problems with bureaucratic inefficiency. As a result, the Junjichu turned from a temporary institution into a "Grand Council" in 1732, quickly outstripping the powers of the Council of Advisor Princes, and the Southern Study, to become the chief policy-making body of the Qing Empire.
The Qing Grand Council (1738-1911).
The Interim Council and Reestablishing the Grand Council.
In 1735, the Yongzheng Emperor died and was succeeded by his son, the Qianlong Emperor. Shortly before his death, the Yongzheng Emperor established an interim council to assist his son. The Interim Council soon consolidated many of the "Inner Court" agencies of the Yongzheng era, and expanded its power. Three years later, in 1738, the Interim Council disbanded and the Grand Council was reconstituted.
During the Qianlong Emperor's reign, the Grand Council had many duties. Some of them included more mundane duties such as keeping track of paperwork and planning events, including entertainments for the imperial court and transportation of the Emperor. Other duties were more tied to state administration, such as drafting edicts, and advising the Emperor on various policies and problems. Its proximity to the Emperor and inner court, secrecy, and unofficial status allowed it to expand and sustained its central role in state administration, and also freed it from some of the constraints of many of the outer-court agencies.
The Grand Council after the Qianlong era.
In 1796, the Qianlong Emperor abdicated in favor of his son, the Jiaqing Emperor. Upon his father's death three years later, in 1799, the Jiaqing Emperor, along with purging his father's favorite, Heshen, who had served on the Grand Council since 1776, introduced numerous reforms to the Grand Council, including a reduction of the numbers of grand councilors, the introduction of administrative punishments for grand councilors, and the regulation of Grand Council clerk appointments by imperial audiences.
The Grand Council Under Empress Dowager Cixi.
During the regencies of the empress dowagers Ci'an and Cixi, the Grand Council took on many of the decision-making duties, particularly as the two women were novices in affairs of state. Soon after the two women became regents for the Tongzhi Emperor in 1861, edicts went out detailing how state papers and affairs were to be dealt with, with many of the policies being decided by the Grand Council. Papers were to be first sent to the empress dowagers, who would refer them back to the Prince-Regent, Prince Gong, who oversaw the Grand Council. The Grand Council would then discuss the issue and seek the discretion of the empress dowagers and draft up orders accordingly, with edict drafts having to be approved by the empress dowagers. Such a configuration would lead Zeng Guofan to remark, after an audience in 1869, that "the state of affairs hinged entirely on the Grand Councilors...whose power surpassed that of the imperial master." This configuration survived the regency for the Tongzhi Emperor and lasted into the regency of the Guangxu Emperor.
After the Guangxu Emperor formally took over the reins of power from his regent, Empress Dowager Cixi, both the Grand Council and the Emperor often sought the advice of the Empress Dowager, who was kept informed of state affairs. In fact, in 1894, with the outbreak of the First Sino-Japanese War in 1894, copies of memoranda from the Grand Council were sent both to the Guangxu Emperor and Empress Dowager Cixi, which was practiced until 1898, at which point the Empress Dowager resumed her "tutelage" of the Guangxu Emperor. From that time until the nearly simultaneous deaths of Empress Dowager Cixi and the Guangxu Emperor a decade later, they jointly received the Grand Council at audiences.
Abolition.
With the deaths of Empress Dowager Cixi and the Guangxu Emperor in 1908, Puyi, Guangxu's nephew, succeeded the throne. Eventually, in May 1911, Puyi's father, Prince Chun, who was Prince-Regent, abolished the Grand Council, favoring an "Imperial Cabinet". Yikuang, the Prime Minister at the time, founded the first Imperial Cabinet in 1911. The Qing dynasty, despite this concession to those calling for reform, collapsed not long after.
Composition.
The number of officials comprising the Council varied from time to time, from as few as three to as many as ten. Usually, the number of officials serving in the council was five, two Manchus, two Han Chinese, and one Prince of the First Rank, who acted as the council's president. The most senior among them was called the Chief Councilor (), but this was simply a working designation and was not an official title.

</doc>
<doc id="6905643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905643" title="Prickett's Fort State Park">
Prickett's Fort State Park

Prickett's Fort State Park is a West Virginia state park north of Fairmont, near the confluence of Prickett's Creek and the Monongahela River. The park features a reconstructed refuge fort and commemorates life on the Virginia frontier during the late 18th century.
Historic fort.
Historic Prickett's Fort was built to defend early European settlers of what today is West Virginia from raids by hostile Native Americans, a portion of whose territory the settlers appropriated after the Treaty of Fort Stanwix (1768). After a band of settlers led by Daniel Greathouse perpetrated the Yellow Creek massacre in 1774, initiating Lord Dunmore's War, all settlers in the Ohio River Valley were in peril from Native American attack.
Because there was safety in numbers, the settlers built a number of refuge forts, including one on the homestead of Jacob Prickett. Fairly simple in design, Prickett's Fort was little more than a hundred-foot-square log palisade built around Prickett's house. Native Americans tended to avoid such strong points, preferring to ambush small work parties.
When the frontiersmen believed they were in danger of Native American attack, families gathered at such a fortified area, a procedure called "forting up". In 1774, there were at least a hundred such palisades, blockhouses, and "stations" in the Monongahela Valley, many within a thirty-mile radius of Prickett's Fort. Perhaps as many as eighty families—several hundred people—gathered at Prickett's Fort during crisis periods, where they stayed for days or even weeks. Prickett's Fort was never attacked, although militiamen from the confluence area were killed by Native Americans elsewhere.
Reconstruction.
The last written mention of Prickett's Fort occurred in 1780. In 1916, the Sons of the American Revolution dedicated a monument in honor of settlers who built the fort. When, in 1973, the traditional site of the fort was threatened by a Department of Natural Resources parking lot, the Marion County Historical Society created the Prickett's Fort Memorial Foundation and announced plans to reconstruct the historic structure. Discovering that the original fort site had probably been destroyed by the building of a railroad bridge in 1905, the Foundation decided to put the reconstruction on a small hill overlooking the river. Many old buildings donated to the project were torn down to provide timbers for the reconstruction. A Reconstruction Details Committee decided to design the fort reconstruction on the basis of a description by Stephen Morgan, the son of an early settler. The current reconstruction is 110 feet square with two-story blockhouses at each corner, fourteen small cabins lining internal walls, and a meeting house and store house in the common area. Unfortunately, the Morgan account was an inaccurate, perhaps even fraudulent, guide. The Prickett's Fort Memorial Foundation describes the 1974 reconstruction as "much more elaborate" than the original but claims that every feature in the reconstruction might have been found at some refuge fort in the region.
Features.
In the reconstructed fort, the Foundation presents third-person interpretation of such 18th-century crafts as carpentry, blacksmithing, and spinning. A visitor center—managed by the Foundation under long-term contract with the state—includes a research library, a gift shop, and a gallery with an orientation exhibit and video.
Immediately south of the fort reconstruction, the Job Prickett House, built in 1859 by a great-grandson of Jacob Prickett, displays original furnishings and tools. This typical 19th-century farmhouse is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Recreational facilities at Prickett's Fort include a 400-seat outdoor amphitheater, picnic areas, nature trails, and a boat launch. The outdoor amphitheater is used by the Fairmont State University theater department each summer for musicals and dramatic productions. Prickett's Fort State Park provides access to both the MCPARC trail to Fairmont and the Mon River Trail to Morgantown. An accessibility study by West Virginia University determined that most park features were accessible to persons with disabilities.
Popular culture.
Prickett's Fort State Park, is a location in Fallout 76, as Prickett's Fort

</doc>
<doc id="6905644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905644" title="Wagnerian soprano">
Wagnerian soprano



</doc>
<doc id="6905651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905651" title="Castlewood State Park">
Castlewood State Park

Castlewood State Park is a public recreation area and Missouri state park occupying which straddles the Meramec River in St. Louis County, Missouri. The most visited section of the state park lies on the north side of the Meramec; the park acreage on the south side of the river is accessed from Lone Elk County Park and includes the World Bird Sanctuary.
History.
Lincoln Beach.
In the early 20th century, the area of the park was a developed resort town, Lincoln Beach.
Lincoln Beach existed from about 1915 into the 1940s, with its highest popularity in the 1920s. The Missouri Pacific Railroad ran regular service from St. Louis to Lincoln Beach, and the resort hosted around 10,000 visitors on summer weekends.
Venues included the popular Lincoln Lodge and the Lone Wolf Club, a private speakeasy serving liquor illegally. (Prohibition was in effect from 1920 to 1933).
After World War II, visitor numbers steadily declined, due to factors including the advent of air conditioning and the switch to automobile transport, which allowed people to choose spots alternative to the railroad-served Lincoln Beach.
By the 21st century, few traces remained of Lincoln Beach. All the buildings were destroyed over time, and the man-made beach itself was entirely washed away by regular flooding. A few foundations and ruins survive in the woods, and the concrete grand staircase which runs from the bottomlands up into the bluff remains in use by hikers, as does another, wooden, staircase.
State park.
Castlewood State Park was established as a state park in 1974.
The park has a history of fatalities due to the Meramac River. Since June 30, 2004, there has been a total of 16 deaths along the river within the park. Of the 12 drowning deaths, only one was the result of intoxication. The most deadly incident occurred on July 9, 2006. Five children died in a mishap along the river during a church outing. Joseph Miller, 16, lost his footing on one of the river's unexpected dropoffs and was swept away by an undertow. Damon Johnson, 17, attempted to rescue Miller, but was also swept away. Damon's siblings, Dana Johnson (13), Ryan Mason (14) and Bryant Barnes (10), tried to rescue him. Deandre Sherman (16) also waded in to try to save their friends. All of the children, with the exception of Joseph Miller, drowned.
A comprehensive list of fatalities as of 2021 includes: 19-year-old unnamed male (2004), 13 year old Dana Johnson (2006), 10 year old Bryant James (2006), 16 year old Joseph Miller (2006), 14 year old Ryan Mason (2006), 16 year old Deandre Sherman (2006), 15-year-old Isaiah Green (2007), 18-year-old Luis Baez Gonzales (2011), 20-year-old Salvatore Jasso (2011), 21-year-old Philip Schwalm (2012), 18-yearold Henry Manu (2016), 17-year-old Samuel Neal (2016), 12-year-old Deniya Johnson (2018), 35-year-old Rose Shaw (2018), 16-year-old Kara Wrice (2021), 19-year-old Juan Sajbin (2022)
A retired hydrologist for the Army Corps Of Engineers, Gary Dyhouse, remarked that the slope of the Meramac River is steeper than all other rivers in the area. According to Metro West Fire Chief Mike Krause, these sudden dropoffs, combined with the river's swift currents, are what cause swimmers to drown.
Activities and amenities.
The park offers fishing and boating on the Meramec River and more than 26 miles of trails for hiking, mountain biking and equestrian use.

</doc>
<doc id="6905655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905655" title="Gastric plexuses">
Gastric plexuses

The superior gastric plexus (gastric or coronary plexus) accompanies the left gastric artery along the lesser curvature of the stomach, and joins with branches from the left vagus nerve.
The term "inferior gastric plexus" is sometimes used to describe a continuation of the hepatic plexus.

</doc>
<doc id="6905660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905660" title="Coronary plexus">
Coronary plexus



</doc>
<doc id="6905662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905662" title="Gastric plexus">
Gastric plexus



</doc>
<doc id="6905663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905663" title="Superior gastric plexus">
Superior gastric plexus



</doc>
<doc id="6905665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905665" title="Inferior gastric plexus">
Inferior gastric plexus



</doc>
<doc id="6905669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905669" title="Sirius XM NFL Radio">
Sirius XM NFL Radio



</doc>
<doc id="6905675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905675" title="Antranig Ozanian">
Antranig Ozanian



</doc>
<doc id="6905676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905676" title="Antranig Toros Ozanian">
Antranig Toros Ozanian



</doc>
<doc id="6905686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905686" title="Testicular plexus">
Testicular plexus



</doc>
<doc id="6905697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905697" title="Lilhac">
Lilhac

Lilhac () is a commune in the Haute Garonne department in southwestern France.
Population.
Local inhabitants are called "Lilhacais".
Geography.
Lilhac lies roughly 65 km southwest from Toulouse. Its altitude at the highest point is 380 metres, and covers an area of 730ha or 7.3 km².
The river Touch has its source in the commune.
History.
Lilhac was registered as a commune in 1668. The local church, Eglise St-Quitterie, dedicated to Saint Quiteria, dates to before the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="6905698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905698" title="Bleach (Wii)">
Bleach (Wii)



</doc>
<doc id="6905702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905702" title="Ashlee vance">
Ashlee vance



</doc>
<doc id="6905703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905703" title="Arkansas Highway 348">
Arkansas Highway 348

Highway 348 (AR 348, Ark. 348, and Hwy. 348) is a designation for two east–west state highways in Crawford County. One segment of runs from Highway 59 at Figure Five east to Arkansas Highway 60 near Rudy. A second segment of runs from US Route 71 (US 71) at Cain east to National Forest Route 1007.
Route description.
Figure Five to Rudy.
AR 348 begins at US 71 at the unincorporated community of Cain south of Mountainburg. The route runs northeast, entering the Ozark National Forest and terminating at an intersection with National Forest Route 1007 and Hickory Street. The road is two–lane undivided for its entire length.
Cain to Ozark National Forest.
The route begins at Highway 59 at the Figure Five community and runs east as a rural two-lane route. Winding through forested mountains, Highway 348 terminates at Highway 60 near Rudy.
History.
Highway 348 was created by the Arkansas State Highway Commission on November 23, 1966. The second segment between Cain and the National Forest was designated on June 28, 1973 pursuant to Act 9 of 1973 by the Arkansas General Assembly. The act directed county judges and legislators to designate up to of county roads as state highways in each county.

</doc>
<doc id="6905707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905707" title="On air library">
On air library



</doc>
<doc id="6905716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905716" title="Mitra Bir">
Mitra Bir

Mitra Bir (unknown – 1978) was an Indian freedom fighter and educationist who was sentenced to twelve years in jail at the age of 22 during Portuguese rule in Goa. She later opened schools for girls at Margao, Verem, Kakora and other locations in Goa, as well as centres for adult and vocational education for women. She was married to the late Madhav R. Bir, a former member of the Goa assembly and Gandhian.
She died in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="6905718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905718" title="Electoral district of Cleveland">
Electoral district of Cleveland

Cleveland was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Queensland from 1992 to 2017.
Based in the northern part of Redland City Council, the district included the suburbs of Wellington Point, Ormiston, Cleveland and Thornlands. It also covers the entirety of North Stradbroke Island.
In the 2017 electoral redistribution, the Electoral Commission of Queensland changed the name of the electorate to Oodgeroo.

</doc>
<doc id="6905719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905719" title="Aorticorenal ganglia">
Aorticorenal ganglia



</doc>
<doc id="6905724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905724" title="Tatiana Doronina">
Tatiana Doronina

Tatiana Vasilyevna Doronina (born 12 September 1933) is a popular Soviet and Russian actress who has performed in movies and the theater. She is generally regarded as one of the most talented actresses of her generation and was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1981.
Biography.
Doronina was born in Leningrad, USSR (now present-day St. Petersburg Russia) After graduating the MKhAT school in Moscow, she returned to Leningrad and joined the Bolshoi Drama Theatre directed by Georgy Tovstonogov.
After moving to Moscow, Doronina worked at the Mayakovsky Theater and then at MKhAT. Her major roles were Arkadina in The Seagull by Chekhov, Dulcinea del Toboso in a play by Alexander Volodin, Queen Elizabeth of England and Mary Stuart in "Vivat Regina".
The films she starred in, though few, are now considered Soviet classics. Many directors at the time believed she was too theatrical for film and refused to hire her. Georgy Natanson reversed that judgment by giving her the lead parts in Older Sister and Once More About Love. Both films had a significant success and made Doronina a noteworthy film star. Young women in the Soviet Union imitated her bouffant hair-do and her manner of speaking, and fans queued up for hours to get tickets. For her role for Once More about Love in which she played a flight attendant, she earned the Best Soviet Actress title in 1968 from the Soviet Screen. "Doronina's profoundly romantic heroines could sacrifice everything for love. She rendered the love theme the way no actress did. In almost every of her films she would sing a song, which in her presentation turned into a small drama", says "Russian Cultural Navigator". In Three Poplars in Plyushcikha she plays a plain country woman who, although married, has never experienced love and puts the anguish tormenting her heart into a song called "Tenderness”.
At present Doronina is artistic director of the , a job she accepted when MKhAT split into two independent troupes.
Her former husbands include Edvard Radzinsky, a popular Russian writer and historian, and actors Oleg Basilashvili and Boris Khimichev.
Selected filmography.
Movies
Teleplays 
Documentaries
Voicing 

</doc>
<doc id="6905730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905730" title="Jeannette Vermeersch">
Jeannette Vermeersch

Jeannette Vermeersch (born Julie Marie Vermeersch; 26 November 1910 – 5 November 2001) was a French politician.
She is principally known for having been the companion (1932–1947) and then the wife (1947–1964) of Maurice Thorez, general secretary of the French Communist Party (PCF), with whom she had three children, born before their union was made official.
Biography.
Born in La Madeleine, Nord as the seventh of nine children in a family of workers, Jeannette Vermeersch joined the workforce at the age of ten, despite the fact that at the time, children under the age of 13 were legally prohibited from working. Her first job was as a servant at a wine merchant's, then in a bourgeois family, before she entered a textile factory as a worker in 1921, all the while continuing to do chores after her hours of work at the factory.
Vermeersch began activity as a union activist in 1927. Through connections she formed in the union, she came to discover communism, whose growth as a movement was then in full swing in France, several years after the Tours Congress, and she founded a section of Young Communists. Her communist activity led her, in 1929, to be designated to take part in a delegation of textile workers who travelled to explore the Soviet Union. While her comrades returned to France, Jeannette Vermeersch chose to prolong her stay, remaining in Moscow for several months and working "for the cause". It is on this occasion that she would have heard the name of Maurice Thorez spoken for the first time in her presence, a little while before meeting him at the 16th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1930.
Their relationship only became intimate in 1932. During the following seven years, Jeannette Vermeersch focused on Party missions; as an agent, she was zealous but a little withdrawn. For example, under the guidance of Jacques Duclos, she organised an extraordinary congress of Communist Youth in 1933, retaking control of a movement suspected of drifting in an "avant-gardist" direction. She was also one of the pivotal members of a new organisation that the Party had asked to be formed, the Union of Young French Women. After the Spanish Civil War began in 1936, she also focused very clearly on getting together a network of people in solidarity with the Second Spanish Republic, in addition to her other responsibilities. She headed the operation that sent food and various materials to the Republicans and organised the welcome of political refugees on French soil by the Communist networks present in small French towns.
On 2 October 1939, shortly after World War II began, she accompanied Mounette Dutilleul, who had come to Chauny to bring Maurice Thorez orders to desert, issued by the Third International. Escorted by Alphonse Pelayo, they left together toward the Nord "", but crossed the Belgian border separately. Jeannette Vermeersch and her two young sons joined Maurice Thorez in Moscow. They remained in the USSR until November 1944. Jeannette gave birth to a third son in a clinic near Moscow.
In 1945, after her return to France, Jeannette Vermeersch was elected a deputy to the constituent assembly that met from 21 October 1945 to 5 May 1946, until the first proposal for a new French constitution was rejected by referendum. She was then elected, without interruption, to every sitting of the National Assembly until 1958, then moving up to the Senate, where she sat until 1968.
On 17 September 1947, Maurice Thorez and Jeannette Vermeersch made their union official at the city hall of Choisy-le-Roi (today in Val-de-Marne département). In 1950, when Maurice Thorez was stricken with hemiplegia and left to seek treatment in the USSR, Jeannette Vermeersch entered the Politburo of the French Communist Party, of which she was a member until 1968.
In 1956, Jeannette Vermeersch, speaking as vice president of the Union of French Women, took a stance against birth control: "Birth control, voluntary motherhood, is a bait for the great masses, but it is a weapon in the hands of the bourgeoisie against social laws". This position went against that of numerous activists, notably in the medical field. Thorez took Jeannette's side in condemning neo-Malthusian conjectures.
After Thorez died in 1964, she was often very critical of the new direction taken by general secretary Waldeck Rochet, and decided to resign from the Politburo in 1968 after Rochet expressed disapproval for the intervention of Warsaw Pact troops in Czechoslovakia to put an end to the Prague Spring. On the same occasion she ended her political career, nevertheless remaining an activist of the base, renewing her Communist Party membership until her death.
After her death and cremation, her ashes were transferred to Paris, to the Père Lachaise Cemetery, into the tomb of Maurice Thorez.
On the occasion of her death, the heads of the party, Robert Hue (party president) and Marie-George Buffet (national secretary and Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports) underlined that, although they disagreed with the deceased on a number of points, they still saluted the unflappability of her convictions and the permanence of her involvement.
After 1950, Jeannette Vermeersch also used the name Jeannette Thorez-Vermeersch, but she is usually known by her historical pseudonym, notably within the Communist Party. She never used the name Jeannette Thorez.
She died in Callian, Var.

</doc>
<doc id="6905731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905731" title="Messageing">
Messageing



</doc>
<doc id="6905735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905735" title="Pollyanna (Album)">
Pollyanna (Album)



</doc>
<doc id="6905740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905740" title="GPASUYF">
GPASUYF



</doc>
<doc id="6905741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905741" title="List of Counties in Michigan">
List of Counties in Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="6905742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905742" title="Tiddim">
Tiddim



</doc>
<doc id="6905747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905747" title="Fox-hunter">
Fox-hunter



</doc>
<doc id="6905751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905751" title="Ovarian plexus">
Ovarian plexus

The ovarian plexus arises from the renal plexus, and is distributed to the ovary, and fundus of the uterus.
It is carried in the suspensory ligament of the ovary.

</doc>
<doc id="6905753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905753" title="Elmer Bowman">
Elmer Bowman

Elmari Wilhelm Bowman (March 19, 1897 – December 17, 1985) was a Major League Baseball player for the Washington Senators in August 1920. The 23-year-old rookie made two pinch-hitting appearances for the Senators and did not play in the field, so his position is not known.
Both of Bowman's appearances took place on the road. His major league debut on August 3, 1920 was against the Cleveland Indians at League Park. His second and last appearance, six days later, was against the Chicago White Sox at Comiskey Park. Bowman was 0-for-1 with a walk in his two games, giving him an on-base percentage of .500. He also scored one run.
Bowman died in Los Angeles at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="6905757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905757" title="Generative systems">
Generative systems

Generative systems are technologies with the overall capacity to produce unprompted change driven by large, varied, and uncoordinated audiences. When generative systems provide a common platform, changes may occur at varying layers (physical, network, application, content) and provide a means through which different firms and individuals may cooperate indirectly and contribute to innovation.
Depending on the rules, the patterns can be extremely varied and unpredictable. One of the better-known examples is Conway's Game of Life, a cellular automaton. Other examples include Boids and Wikipedia. More examples can be found in generative music, generative art, in video games such as Spore, and more recently generative generosity and platforms like generos.io.
Theory.
Jonathan Zittrain.
In 2006, Jonathan Zittrain published "The Generative Internet" in Volume 119 of the Harvard Law Review. In this paper, Zittrain describes a technology's degree of generativity as being the function of four characteristics:

</doc>
<doc id="6905758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905758" title="Kunhiraman Palat Candeth">
Kunhiraman Palat Candeth

Lieutenant General Kunhirāman Pālātt Kandèt,PVSM (23 October 1916 – 19 May 2003) was a senior officer in the Indian Army who played a commanding role in the Liberation of Goa from Portuguese control in 1961, and briefly served as the Military Governor of Goa, Daman and Diu.
He later served as the Deputy Chief of Army Staff based in GHQ in New Delhi during the second war in 1965, and later effectively commanded the Western Command during the third war with Pakistan in 1971.
Early life.
He was born in Ottapalam, Malabar District (now Kerala) in British India (now India) to M. A. Candeth, the son of the Nayanar landlord and writer Vengayil Kunhiraman Nayanar. His maternal grandfather was Sir C. Sankaran Nair, who was the President of the Indian National Congress.
Military career.
Pre-independence.
Commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1936, Candeth saw action in West Asia during the Second World War. Shortly before India's independence from colonial rule, he was deployed in the North West Frontier Province, bordering Afghanistan, to quell local tribal uprisings. The mountainous terrain gave Candeth the experience for his later operations against Nagaland separatists in the North East. He attended the Military Services Staff College at Quetta, capital of Baluchistan in 1945.
Kashmir 1947.
After Independence, Candeth was commanding 16 Field Regiment, an artillery regiment that was deployed to Jammu and Kashmir after Pakistan-backed tribesmen attacked and captured a third of the province before being forced back by the Indian Army. Thereafter, Candeth held a series of senior appointments, including that of Director General of Artillery at Army Headquarters in Delhi, to which he was appointed on 8 September 1959, with the acting rank of major-general (substantive colonel).
Goa.
Following Indian independence from British rule, certain parts of India were still under foreign rule. While the French left India in 1954, the Portuguese, however, refused to leave. After complex diplomatic pressure and negotiations had failed, on 18 December 1961 Defence Minister V.K. Krishna Menon ordered the military to overrun Goa and oust the Portuguese. Candeth, whose father was close to Menon, all three of them being related as elite Nairs, was chosen by Menon to command in Operation Vijay—the Liberation of Goa, Daman and Diu from Portuguese rule. In an obituary tribute to Candeth, The Independent of London however referred to him as "born into a middle-class Anglo-Indian family" while early scholarly references also referred to him as Kenneth P. Candeth. https://web.stanford.edu/group/tomzgroup/pmwiki/uploads/1074-1971-Rubinoff-a-BTS.pdf As 17 Infantry Division commander, Candeth took the colony within a day and was immediately appointed Goa's first Indian administrator (acting as the Military Governor), a post he held till June 1962. Controversial as the military action was, Candeth inevitably received critical coverage in the western press, although the primary brunt of criticism was Menon, followed by Nehru.
North East.
After relinquishing command as Goa's Military Governor in 1963, Candeth was appointed GOC, Nagaland on 23 August 1963. He took command of the newly raised 8 Mountain Division in the North-East on 15 November 1963, where he battled, although with little success, the highly organised Naga insurgents. The insurgency in the North East has not been quelled completely to this day. On 7 May 1965, he was appointed Deputy Chief of the Army Staff (DCOAS) with the acting rank of lieutenant-general. He was promoted to lieutenant-general on 17 January 1966, and was appointed GOC-in-C, Western Command on 27 September 1969.
Awards and later life.
Lt. Gen. Kunhiraman Palat Candeth was awarded the Param Vishisht Seva Medal and also the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India. Retiring from the army on 21 October 1972, he joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the 1990s and was appointed a member of the Party's Executive Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="6905763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905763" title="Patillo Higgins">
Patillo Higgins



</doc>
<doc id="6905768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905768" title="AROBTTH">
AROBTTH



</doc>
<doc id="6905773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905773" title="Deep-vein thombosis">
Deep-vein thombosis



</doc>
<doc id="6905778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905778" title="ATYCLB">
ATYCLB



</doc>
<doc id="6905779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905779" title="Deep Vein Thombosis">
Deep Vein Thombosis



</doc>
<doc id="6905786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905786" title="Lawrence Denny Lindsley">
Lawrence Denny Lindsley

Lawrence Denny Lindsley (March 18, 1878 – January 3, 1975) was an American scenic photographer and also worked as a miner, hunter, and guide. Lindsley was a grandson of Seattle pioneer David Thomas Denny (1832–1903).
Personal life.
He was born Lawrence Denny Lindsley in a cabin at the south end of Lake Union in Seattle, Washington. His father, Edward L. Lindsley (1853–1933) came to Seattle via Panama in 1873. His mother, Abbie Lena Denny (August 29, 1858 – October 6, 1915) was born in her family's log cabin home in Seattle. His parents married on May 4, 1876. Lindsley had five siblings: Mabel Madge Lindsley (September 24, 1879 – December 26, 1919), Sarah Winola Lindsley (July 16, 1881 – ?), Annie Irene Lindsley (December 1, 1882 – ?), Norman David Lindsley (January 2, 1884 – ?), and Harold Denny Lindsley (1887–1887). His parents built a home at 25 Mile Creek on Lake Chelan in Washington.
Lindsley married his first wife, Pearl A. Miller, on September 20, 1918. They had one child, Abbie Lindsley, who was born and died in June 1920. Pearl also died in June 1920.
Lindsley married his second wife, Sarah Sonju, a color artist, on December 14, 1944. They worked out of a studio in their home until Sonju died in 1960. Lindsley continued to photograph into his 90s. He died in 1975 and is interred at Evergreen Washelli Memorial Park.
Working life.
In the spring of 1889, at the age of 11, Lindsley helped with the construction of his father's log cabin, known as the Denny Cabin. This cabin was built at the foot of Queen Anne Hill at the intersection of Temperance (renamed to Queen Anne Avenue North) and Republican Streets, and later relocated to the city of Federal Way. On June 6, 1889, just five weeks after this cabin was completed, he stood with one of his sisters on a hill overlooking Seattle and watched the city burn in the Great Fire.
In 1895, Lindsley went to work at the Esther Mines, near Gold Creek, Kittitas County and later worked on the first road along Lake Keechelus.
In 1903, he went to work as a photo processor and photographer for the W. P. Romans Photographic Company in Seattle. Lindsley owned part interest in the studio when it was bought by Asahel Curtis in 1910. This association led him to work for Edward S. Curtis, where Lindsley developed some of the color negatives (orotones), known as the "gold tones", for Curtis’ famous "Indians of North America" series.
As an early-day explorer of the North Cascades, Lindsley became a charter member of the Mountaineers club in 1907. He was honored in the June 1974 issue of the club's newsletter, "The Mountaineer", in the article "The Club Salutes Lawrence Denny Lindsley".
In about 1907, Lindsley moved to Lake Chelan and lived at his parents' ranch. During this time, he was employed by the Great Northern Railway to photograph Glacier National Park for the railroad's tourist literature. In September 1916, Lindsley was hired by the Great Northern Railway as a guide for the party of author Mary Roberts Rinehart through the North Cascades. Lindsley figured prominently as "Silent Lawrie," a character in her account of the expedition, in a Cosmopolitan magazine article entitled, "A Pack Train in the Cascades," and later in her 1918 novel, "Tenting To-Night".
When Lindsley returned to Seattle in 1916 he resumed working at the Asahel Curtis Studio. As he worked at the Curtis Studio, he continued his own landscape and nature photography throughout the 1920s, perfecting his technique of lantern slide photography.
Bibliography.
Lindsley, Lawrence Denny Papers 1870–1973, University of Washington Libraries.

</doc>
<doc id="6905787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905787" title="Fyodor Simachov">
Fyodor Simachov



</doc>
<doc id="6905799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905799" title="Lady Violet Bowes-Lyon">
Lady Violet Bowes-Lyon



</doc>
<doc id="6905804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905804" title="Pancreatic plexus">
Pancreatic plexus

In human neuroanatomy, the pancreatic plexus is a division of the celiac plexus (coeliac plexus) in the abdomen. 10-20% of nerve fibers of the posterior hepatic plexus form the pancreatic plexus.

</doc>
<doc id="6905814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905814" title="François 1er">
François 1er



</doc>
<doc id="6905819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905819" title="List of Over the Hedge characters">
List of Over the Hedge characters



</doc>
<doc id="6905822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905822" title="Canadian Tank Corps">
Canadian Tank Corps



</doc>
<doc id="6905827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905827" title="Francois 1er">
Francois 1er



</doc>
<doc id="6905838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905838" title="Ja'Warren Hooker">
Ja'Warren Hooker

Ja'Warren Hooker (born September 24, 1978), is a track and field sprinter and former football player at University of Washington,
Hooker is one of the children who was born in Chicago and played halfback for Ellensburg High School. His high school football career record achieved at 20,touchdowns totaling a distance over 5,100 yards. Hooker also played basketball for his high school, with an accuracy of 40% at the point range of 3, Hooker later ran track field and played football at the University of Washington. Hooker was raised by his step father, who is a chemist for Agriculture department at Washington State,
High school career.
In 1995, Hooker won the 100 meters race in 10.71s as a Sophomore in high school to win in his first appearance at the Pasco Invitational.
The following year, Hooker returned to the Pasco Invitational to win the sprint double in the 100 m (10.68s) and 200 m (21.82s). His final chance to compete at the Pasco Invitational was not wasted as he won another sprint double. Hooker won the 100 meters in 10.44s, a meet record time, and won the 200 meters in 21.40s, also a meet record. Hooker has the Washington High School State Record for the 100 meters with a time of 10.27s.
Career highlights.
Hooker made the 2000 Olympic relay team as a back-up member, but he did not get to compete. Before this Hooker was the 1997 USA Junior Champion in the 100 meters. Hooker has personal all time bests of 10.18s for the 100m dash and 44.78s for the 400m dash.
Post Running Career.
Hooker co-founded Stretch 22 with Dr. Kris Sasaki in 2018. Stretch 22 is an assisted stretching studio with four locations in the greater Seattle area. 

</doc>
<doc id="6905869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905869" title="Ronald Orr">
Ronald Orr

Ronald Guinness Orr Gunion (6 August 1876 – 21 March 1924) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Newcastle United and Liverpool amongst others in the early 20th century. He played twice for Scotland in 1902 and 1904, scoring one goal.
Club career.
Born in Bartonholm (by Kilwinning), Ayrshire, Orr was an inside forward who played for Kilwinning Eglinton, Glossop North End and St Mirren. Orr scored 32 goals in 67 matches for St. Mirren and was snapped up by Newcastle United as a result, signing him in May 1901. He scored twice on his home debut at St James' Park, something he would become familiar for. He scored a brace 13 times, nine in the league, only managing a single hat-trick, four against Notts County in October 1901. Orr enjoyed success during his seven seasons on Tyneside, winning the League Championship twice in 1905 and 1907. However, in the FA Cup, he was not selected for their 1905 FA Cup Final defeat to Aston Villa, despite having scored 4 goals in 6 of their cup ties on the way. More disappointment again when Newcastle lost the 1906 FA Cup Final 1-0 against Everton, who had scored 4 goals in 7 cup ties this time.
Orr also earned two full international caps for Scotland whilst with Newcastle, scoring on his debut in a 2-2 draw against England at Villa Park on 3 May 1902, in the British Home Championship. His other appearance was also against England, the Scots losing 1-0 at Celtic Park on 9 April 1904, again in the British Home Championship.
After a successful period at Newcastle, Orr joined Liverpool in April 1908, when manager Tom Watson paid £350 for his transfer. He made his debut in a Football League Division One match at Villa Park against Aston Villa on 4 April 1908, bagging his first goal in the same match. Orr kept up his goalscoring exploits the following season, finishing as the "Reds"' top scorer with 20 goals from his 33 league starts. None more as important as his last goal on the final day. Liverpool needed a point to avoid relegation, the last day saw Orr and his teammates travel to St James's Park to play Newcastle, league champions for third time in five years. Orr scored the only goal of the game after 78 minutes, saving Liverpool from relegation against his former club. Orr played 7 matches in what would be his last season at Liverpool, shortened after an injury in the Merseyside derby at Goodison Park in September 1911. He left in January 1912, returning to Scotland to play for Raith Rovers. He was back in the Northeast the next season, this time on South Tyneside after signing for South Shields in the North Eastern League. The First World War effectively ended his career, although he did make guest appearances for Fulham. Upon returning home to Scotland, there it was reported that he had died on 21 March 1924 in Kilwinning, aged only 47.
International career.
Having scored in a Home Scots v Anglo-Scots international trial match, Orr was selected to make his Scotland debut on 3 May 1902 in a British Home Championship match against England, and he scored to put his side two goals up in an eventual 2–2 draw; like his debut goal for Liverpool, it was at Villa Park (this match was replayed from the original fixture at Ibrox Park, where a stand collapsed, killing 25 spectators and injuring hundreds). His second and last cap was also against England two years later, this time a 1–0 defeat.
Career statistics.
League Goals and Appearances by club, season and competition.

</doc>
<doc id="6905879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905879" title="Om (album)">
Om (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6905885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905885" title="Phrenic plexus">
Phrenic plexus

The phrenic plexus accompanies the inferior phrenic artery to the diaphragm, some filaments passing to the suprarenal gland.
It arises from the upper part of the celiac ganglion, and is larger on the right than on the left side.
It receives one or two branches from the phrenic nerve.
At the point of junction of the right phrenic plexus with the phrenic nerve is a small ganglion ("ganglion phrenicum").
This plexus distributes branches to the inferior vena cava, and to the suprarenal and hepatic plexuses.

</doc>
<doc id="6905890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905890" title="A hangover you don't deserve">
A hangover you don't deserve



</doc>
<doc id="6905897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905897" title="Legislative districts of Valenzuela">
Legislative districts of Valenzuela

The legislative districts of Valenzuela are the representations of the highly urbanized city of Valenzuela in the various national legislatures of the Philippines. The city is currently represented in the lower house of the Congress of the Philippines through its first and second districts.
History.
Valenzuela, originally known as Polo until 1963, was represented as part of the at-large district of Bulacan in the Malolos Congress (1898–1899) and the National Assembly of the Second Philippine Republic (1943–1944) and the second district of Bulacan from 1907 to 1941 and from 1945 to 1972. It was separated from Bulacan on November 7, 1975, by virtue of Presidential Decree No. 824, and was represented in the Interim Batasang Pambansa along with other Metropolitan Manila municipalities and cities as part of Region IV from 1978 to 1984. Valenzuela was grouped together with Navotas and Malabon as the legislative district of Malabon–Navotas–Valenzuela for representation in the Regular Batasang Pambansa from 1984 to 1986. From 1987 to 2001, Valenzuela had its own representation in the House of Representatives and was divided into two districts after its city charter (Republic Act No. 8526) was approved on February 14, 1998, and ratified on December 30, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="6905898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905898" title="A hangover you dont deserve">
A hangover you dont deserve



</doc>
<doc id="6905909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905909" title="John Thurtell">
John Thurtell

John Thurtell (21 December 1793 – 9 January 1824) was an English sports promoter, amateur boxer, Royal Marine officer and convicted murderer.
Early life.
Thurtell was born In Bradwell, Suffolk, England, on 21 December 1793. He was the second surviving son of Thomas Thurtell (1765–1846), who later served as Mayor of Norwich from 1828 to 1829. His father wanted him to work in the family business, but John left to join the Royal Marines, serving in the Napoleonic Wars on HMS "Bellona" from 1812 to 1814. He then set up a business in Norwich manufacturing bombazine, but this failed, and Thurtell moved to London, setting up a tavern in Long Acre in 1822.
Boxing.
Thurtell achieved fame as a boxing promoter. He organised the fight between Ned Painter and Tom Oliver in 1814.
George Borrow describes how when he was 14 (in c.1817) he saw Thurtell:
The terrible Thurtell was present, lord of the concourse; for wherever he moved he was master, and whenever he spoke, even when in chains, every other voice was silent. He stood on the mead, grim and pale as usual, with his bruisers around.
In 1822, William Hazlitt wrote an essay for "The New Monthly Magazine" called "The Fight"; in it he described Thurtell under the name "Tom Turtle".
Murder of William Weare.
Thurtell became a notorious gambler. He owed William Weare, a solicitor of Lyon's Inn, a gambling debt of £300, which he believed Weare had gained by cheating at blind hookey. When Weare demanded the money, Thurtell decided to murder him rather than pay up. Thurtell invited Weare to join him and his friends – Joseph Hunt and William Probert – for a weekend of gambling in Radlett, Hertfordshire. On 24 October 1823, as they journeyed from London in Thurtell's horse-drawn gig, Thurtell shot Weare in the face with a flintlock muff pistol. This failed to kill him, so Thurtell slit his throat with a knife before driving the pistol into his head with such force that his brains were dashed over the ground. The trial attracted great publicity. Thurtell was found guilty and hanged on 9 January 1824.
Legacy.
A waxwork of Thurtell's body was displayed in Madame Tussauds for 150 years. Thomas De Quincey's satirical 1827 essay "On Murder Considered as one of the Fine Arts" discusses Thurtell, as do several of Thomas Carlyle's works and letters.

</doc>
<doc id="6905941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905941" title="South Melbourne SC">
South Melbourne SC



</doc>
<doc id="6905977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905977" title="Zaremba Coat of arms of Zaremba">
Zaremba Coat of arms of Zaremba



</doc>
<doc id="6905985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905985" title="Margrave of Bayreuth">
Margrave of Bayreuth



</doc>
<doc id="6905987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6905987" title="Haematophilia">
Haematophilia

Haematophilia or hematophilia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6906013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906013" title="Sibley Volcanic Regional Preserve">
Sibley Volcanic Regional Preserve



</doc>
<doc id="6906022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906022" title="Khov rs">
Khov rs



</doc>
<doc id="6906025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906025" title="Legislative districts of Parañaque">
Legislative districts of Parañaque

The legislative districts of Parañaque are the representations of the highly urbanized city of Parañaque in the Congress of the Philippines. The city is currently represented in the lower house of the Congress through its first and second congressional districts.
History.
Parañaque was initially represented as part of the at-large district of the province of Manila in the Malolos Congress from 1898 to 1899. The then-town was later incorporated to the province of Rizal, established in 1901, and was represented as part of the first district of Rizal from 1907 to 1941 and from 1945 to 1972. It was incorporated to the City of Greater Manila and was represented as part of the at-large district of Manila from 1943 to 1944. Parañaque was separated from Rizal on November 7, 1975 by virtue of Presidential Decree No. 824, and was represented in the Interim Batasang Pambansa along with other Metropolitan Manila municipalities and cities as part of Region IV from 1978 to 1984.
Parañaque was grouped with Las Piñas in the Regular Batasang Pambansa from 1984 to 1986, as the Legislative district of Las Piñas–Parañaque. It was granted its own representation in the restored House of Representatives in 1987, and was divided into two districts after its city charter (Republic Act No. 8507) was amended by Republic Act No. 9229, approved on December 17, 2003.
Current districts and representatives.
The city was last redistricted in 2004, wherein the city gained a second seat in the House of Representatives. 
Political parties

</doc>
<doc id="6906030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906030" title="Swarm (1998 video game)">
Swarm (1998 video game)

Swarm is a 1998 shoot 'em up developed and published for Microsoft Windows by Reflexive Entertainment. The action is viewed from a top-down perspective in outer space and uses pre-rendered 3D graphics. The player controls an assault craft that battles against alien creatures in order to obtain special minerals called EZT nodules. The player is able to upgrade their ship with power-ups.
In 2008, Reflexive released an updated version of the game as "Swarm Gold".
Plot.
"Swarm" is set in the Praulac Nebula, which is inhabited by a strange insectoid race called the Clagnor. Negotiations between humans and the Clagnor have failed, leading to an all-out war between the two races. The story follows Raul Mastesson, a prison convict given the task of fighting the Clagnor for a year. After this, if by any chance he survives, his name will be cleared unless he takes an offer for another year on the job for twice the pay.
Gameplay.
Each sector or level consists of a "finite" wrap-around space area, in which Clagnor enemies, asteroids, weapon power-ups, and EZT nodules (a fictional substance [Endron Zymithium Trisistaline] described as a fuel source) are placed randomly. The player enters and exits each level via a jumpgate that disappears after the level is started and reappears once it is completed.
There are three types of levels in Swarm: "get all the EZT", "kill them all", and bonus levels. The majority of these are "get all the EZT" levels, in which the player's primary mission is to collect all the EZT found in the level while fighting against the Clagnor and avoiding obstacles (e.g. asteroids and space junk). In the "kill them all" levels, which are mostly every 10 levels or so, there are no EZT crystals and the player's goal is to destroy all the Clagnor "drones" in the level. In the bonus levels, which are usually every 5 or 10 levels, there are neither Clagnor nor EZT in the area, and so the player can freely travel around and collect weapons, ammunition, and shield bonuses for a limited time. Because the level's goal is chosen at random, it means the player can potentially get 3 bonus levels "in a row".
Reception.
The game received mixed reviews. "Next Generation" said, "For gamers after some good old-fashioned, arcade-style action, "Swarm" delivers. Just don't go in expecting bleeding-edge graphics or an enthralling story because they're nowhere to be found here."

</doc>
<doc id="6906037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906037" title="Congressional Districts of Parañaque City">
Congressional Districts of Parañaque City



</doc>
<doc id="6906044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906044" title="Chikun guniya">
Chikun guniya



</doc>
<doc id="6906055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906055" title="Margrave of Ansbach">
Margrave of Ansbach



</doc>
<doc id="6906058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906058" title="God with Us (Don Moen album)">
God with Us (Don Moen album)



</doc>
<doc id="6906060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906060" title="T. Christian Miller">
T. Christian Miller

T. Christian Miller is an investigative reporter, editor, author, and war correspondent for ProPublica. He has focused on how multinational corporations operate in foreign countries, documenting human rights and environmental abuses. Miller has covered four wars—Kosovo, Colombia, Israel and the West Bank, and Iraq. He also covered the 2000 presidential campaign. He is also known for his work in the field of computer-assisted reporting and was awarded a Knight Fellowship at Stanford University in 2012 to study innovation in journalism. In 2016, Miller was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Journalism with Ken Armstrong of The Marshall Project. In 2019, he served as a producer of the Netflix limited series Unbelievable, which was based on the prize-winning article. In 2020, Miller shared the Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting with other reporters from "ProPublica" and "The Seattle Times". With Megan Rose and Robert Faturechi, Miller co-won the 2020 award for his reporting on United States Seventh Fleet accidents.
Career and biography.
Miller grew up in Charleston, South Carolina. His mother, Linda Miller, was a member of the local school board who focused on integration issues. His father, Donald H. Miller, was a research biochemist at the Medical University of South Carolina. Miller graduated from Bishop England High School.
Miller began his career in journalism at the University of California at Berkeley. He majored in English and minored in French while becoming the University Editor of the "Daily Californian", an independent campus newspaper. After college, he worked for the "St. Petersburg Times", now the "Tampa Bay Times".
In 1997, he went to work for the "Los Angeles Times". While at that paper, he covered local, national and international news, opening the newspaper's first bureau in Bogota, Colombia. Miller was briefly held prisoner by the leftist Colombian guerrilla group known as the FARC, or Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia, an episode later documented in a short animated news feature. Two of his reporters were later held captive by a second Colombian leftist group, the ELN, or Ejército de Liberación Nacional.
Miller's investigative reporting in Colombia uncovered that a contractor for an American oil company, Occidental Petroleum, had helped to coordinate the bombing of civilians by the Colombian Air Force of a small town in northeastern Colombia which left 17 dead. His coverage of the Santo Domingo bombing led to the U.S. suspending military aid to the Colombian Air Force and to a judgement by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights condemning the Colombian government.
Miller became a national correspondent for the "Los Angeles Times" based in Washington, D.C. While there, Miller served as the only journalist in the U.S. dedicated exclusively to covering the Iraqi reconstruction. Miller published a book on the subject, "Blood Money: Wasted Billions, Lost Lives and Corporate Greed in Iraq."
In 2008, Miller was one of the founding employees of ProPublica, an independent, non-profit start-up dedicated to investigative reporting. While at ProPublica, Miller has published investigative projects with various news organizations, including the "Los Angeles Times", "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", "Newsweek", "Salon", National Public Radio, "This American Life", ABC News "20/20" and PBS' "Frontline".
Miller is a leading figure in innovation in journalism, especially in transparency, trust and data-driven journalism. He delivered the U.S. Army Creekmore Lecture in 2007, and has taught at the University of Southern California, Columbia University, Stanford University, the University of California at Berkeley and the College of Charleston. He spent a year at Stanford University as a Knight Fellow, studying transparency and new models of journalism. Miller has served as treasurer and board member of Investigative Reporters and Editors, or the IRE, the nation's largest organization of investigative journalists.
Honors and awards.
Miller has won numerous local, national and international awards. In 1999, he won the John B. Oakes Award for Environmental Journalism for his coverage of runaway growth in the Santa Monica Mountains. In 2004, he was awarded the Livingston Award for international reporting, one of the most competitive and prestigious reporting prizes in American journalism, for his coverage of children and war. In 2005, he won an Overseas Press Club award. In 2009, he won an Investigative Reporters and Editors award. In 2010, he won a George Polk award with Daniel Zwerdling of National Public radio for his work covering traumatic brain injuries in the U.S. military. In that same year, he was also given the Selden Ring Award for investigative reporting on private contracting in Iraq and Afghanistan. In 2015, Miller, Marcela Gaviria, and colleagues from ProPublica and Frontline were awarded two News &amp; Documentary Emmy Awards, the Robert F. Kennedy Center For Justice and Human Rights award for their work documenting the support given by the Firestone Company to Charles Taylor, Liberia's former president and a convicted war criminal, during that country's civil war. In 2016, Miller, along with Ken Armstrong of The Marshall Project, won the Pulitzer Prize in Explanatory Reporting for an article on the Washington and Colorado serial rape cases. In 2020, he and several other "ProPublica" reporters shared the Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting with members of "The Seattle Times". With Megan Rose and Robert Faturechi, Miller had received the award for their report on United States Seventh Fleet accidents.

</doc>
<doc id="6906073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906073" title="Corrupt and Illegal Practises Act 1883">
Corrupt and Illegal Practises Act 1883



</doc>
<doc id="6906083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906083" title="Brandenburg-Kulmbach">
Brandenburg-Kulmbach



</doc>
<doc id="6906094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906094" title="Russian battlecruiser Admiral Nakhimov">
Russian battlecruiser Admiral Nakhimov

Admiral Nakhimov () is the third Project 1144 Orlan (NATO reporting name ) battlecruiser of the Russian Navy. The ship was originally part of the Soviet Navy as Kalinin (), until it was renamed in 1992 after Pavel Nakhimov. Officially it is designated as a "heavy nuclear-powered missile cruiser", but due to being the largest surface warship in service besides aircraft carriers, the "Kirov" class is often called a "battlecruiser". It was laid down on 17 May 1983 at the Baltic Shipyard in Leningrad, launched on 25 April 1986, and commissioned on 30 December 1988. 
The "Kirov"-class battlecruisers were developed to counter NATO submarines and carrier strike groups. "Admiral Nakhimov" has a large armament that originally included P-700 Granit anti-ship missiles, S-300F surface-to-air missiles, 4K33 Osa-M surface-to-air missiles, and several anti-submarine missile launchers. It also has a helicopter landing pad and under-deck facilities to store three Kamov Ka-27 helicopters. To enable the ship to reach a high speed of over 30 knots, it is equipped with a combined nuclear and steam system, with each of its two steam turbines being connected to a nuclear reactor and an oil-fired boiler that provides additional power.
Since 1999 "Admiral Nakhimov" is undergoing a repair and a refit to receive new and improved weaponry and had been scheduled to re-enter service with the Russian Navy in around 2022. The date for the ship's return to service is uncertain. In 2021 it was reported that the ship's return to service would be delayed until "at least" 2023 while in February 2022 it was reported that Sevmash CEO Mikhail Budnichenko noted that the warship was planned for delivery in 2022. Later in the year it was again reported that the vessel's return to service might be delayed as late as 2024, with this being eventually confirmed by the head of United Shipbuilding Corporation Alexei Rakhmanov. In December 2024, TASS reported that the ship had begun factory sea trials after its repairs and modernization.
Design.
The Project 1144 Orlan (, NATO reporting name ) nuclear-powered guided missile cruiser began to be developed in 1968 for the purpose of hunting enemy submarines. The Northern Design Bureau initially planned for it to be much smaller, displacing no more than 8,000–9,000 tons, but this was rejected by the commander-in-chief of the Soviet Navy, Admiral of the Fleet of the Soviet Union Sergey Gorshkov. In 1971 it was decided that it should include additional weapon systems, requiring a larger design. The Project 1144 cruiser intended primarily for anti-submarine warfare was merged with the Project 1165, which would have carried anti-ship missiles. To accommodate anti-submarine, anti-ship, and anti-air missiles, the "Kirov" class has a standard displacement of and a displacement of when fully loaded. This makes the "Kirov"s the largest surface warships to have been built since World War II besides aircraft carriers. Being larger than any Western cruiser, it is often described as a battlecruiser.
The battlecruiser has a top speed of . For such a large ship to achieve that speed, the "Kirov" class is equipped with a combined nuclear and steam system (CONAS) that provides to its two propeller shafts. Both of its two steam turbines are connected to a KN-3 nuclear reactor and an oil-fired boiler, the latter providing additional power for the vessel to be able to reach its maximum speed. The alternative, having four to six nuclear reactors, was rejected by the designers as being too dangerous. It has a virtually unlimited range at lower speeds, and a top speed of , while on nuclear power, but its range at 32 knots is limited by fuel. The "Kirov"s have a length of , a beam of , and a draft of . The crew consists of 710. Officers and warrant officers have about 150 single or double cabins while the petty officers and enlisted sailors have 30 quarters for 8-30 people each.
The "Kirov" class was described by the U.S. intelligence community in the 1980s as having "an array of weapons that makes it one of the most powerfully armed surface warships in the world." The original armament of "Admiral Nakhimov" included 20 P-700 Granit anti-ship missile launchers, with one missile held in each; twelve S-300F surface-to-air missile launchers with 96 missiles in total, two 4K33 Osa-M batteries with a total of 40 surface-to-air missiles. In addition the battlecruiser had one twin AK-130 dual purpose gun, one RBU-6000 and two RBU-1000 anti-submarine missile launchers, and ten torpedo tubes. It also had six Kortik close-in weapons systems. It has a landing pad and an under-deck hangar to hold up to three helicopters. The battlecruiser is designed to counter NATO submarines and carrier strike groups.
History.
"Kalinin" was laid down on 17 May 1983 at Baltic Shipyard in Leningrad, launched on 25 April 1986, commissioned on 30 December 1988. It joined the Northern Fleet on 21 April 1989 though GlobalSecurity noted the cruiser was a Pacific fleet unit. On 4 January 1991 she went on long voyage to the Mediterranean Sea. After the end of the Cold War the cruiser was rarely deployed and the last time it went to sea on its own power was in July 1997. "Admiral Nakhimov" was towed from Murmansk to Severodvinsk on 14 August 1999 to undergo repairs. At that time it was manned by a reduced technical crew that was responsible for maintenance.
Reactivation.
In 2006, a decision was made to modernize this ship instead of completing the construction of the submarine . Later in 2006, she was undergoing refit at Sevmash shipyard in Severodvinsk, but was reported finished ahead of schedule and was announced to again be in service with the Northern Fleet. However, later reports state that the cruiser has been docked at Sevmash since 1999 without any activity. On 30 October 2008, Russian Navy representatives of the Northern Fleet announced that the first modification on "Admiral Nakhimov" had been started and that the ship would re-join the Russian fleet by 2012. In November 2010 the director of Sevmash, Nikolai Kalistratov, repeated this statement confirming that the Russian government had appropriated money for "Admiral Nakhimov" to be repaired in 2011 (costing over 50 billion rubles.) However he also said that the funds were insufficient and more were needed to bring the ship back to active service. After finishing repairs, "Admiral Nakhimov" was reported as likely to join the Russian Pacific Fleet. However, by 2020 it was reported that she would remain with the Northern Fleet.
In December 2011 the Sevmash shipyard stated that the refit of the ship would not be finished until after 2012. According to Sevmash General-Director Andrei Dyachkov the repairs were stopped because it was senseless to continue without having determined the final variant of modernization.
Work on modernizing "Admiral Nakhimov" was resumed in January 2014 with the vessel being projected to rejoin the Russian Navy in 2018. "Admiral Nakhimov" is slated to carry 60 Zircon hypersonic anti-ship cruise missiles, Kalibr cruise missiles and a navalized variant of the S-400 (missile) SAM system, among other weapons. According to Sevmash as of 2 November 2015 work on removing the battlecruiser's old equipment had been completed, and work to install its replacement was about to be commenced.
In 2018, Aleksey Rakhimov, the head of the United Shipbuilding Corporation, stated that the end date of the reconstruction remained 2021 or 2022, but additional changes made by the Ministry of Defense had made would require an amendment to the contract or a new contract. Trials are due to begin in 2020. In September 2019, state news agency TASS quoted Russian deputy defense minister Alexsey Krivoruchko that "It will be the most powerful navy warship. We inspected the project, the ship is now about 50% ready. As was agreed with Sevmash shipyard, we expect to receive the ship in late 2022." as reported by Jane's.
She was relaunched in August 2020 and was then expected to start sea trials in about 2023. It is expected to receive 176 VLS tubes: 80 for anti-surface and 96 for anti-air warfare. In early 2022, Sevmash CEO, Mikhail Budnichenko, noted that weapons systems for the cruiser would include: the Fort-M (NATO reporting name: SA-N-6 Grumble) and Pantsyr-M (SA-22 Greyhound) air defense systems and Paket-NK and Otvet antisubmarine warfare weapons. It was also reported that the cruiser would potentially be armed with up to 60 3M22 Zircon hypersonic anti-ship missiles.
In January 2023, it was reported that the loading of fuel and work on the power supply had begun, and that ship testing would begin later in the year. In February 2023, the head of United Shipbuilding Corporation Alexei Rakhmanov confirmed that testing of the ship would begin later in the year, and that the vessel is expected to return to service in 2024. On 30 May 2023, Sergei Shoigu announced that "Admiral Nakhimov" would begin sea trials before the end of 2023, with modernisation expected to be completed in 2024. On 13 June 2023, it was reported that the ship would begin sea trials in September 2023. However, on 21 June 2023, it was reported that "Admiral Nakhimov" would only begin sea trials in either December 2023 or May 2024, depending on how quickly modernisation work is completed. In late 2023, it was reported that sea trials would begin in Spring 2024. In June 2024, it was reported that factory sea trials would begin in the summer of 2025, and that "Admiral Nakhimov" would be delivered to the Russian Navy in 2026. In December 2024, TASS reported that the ship had begun factory sea trials. Its Reactor No. 1 was activated that month after being refueled, and Reactor No. 2 was activated in February 2025.
On 18 August 2025 it was claimed by a source in the shipbuilding industry that "Admiral Nakhimov" had started factory sea trials in the White Sea. Earlier that month, the head of the All-Russian Movement to Support the Navy said that the sea trials would begin in August. These claims were supported by video of the ship leaving harbour under tow.

</doc>
<doc id="6906103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906103" title="Parliament (Qualification of Women) Act 1918">
Parliament (Qualification of Women) Act 1918

The Parliament (Qualification of Women) Act 1918 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It gave women over 21 the right to stand for election as a Member of Parliament.
At 41 words, it is the shortest UK statute.
Background.
The Representation of the People Act 1918, passed on 6 February 1918, extended the franchise in parliamentary elections, also known as the right to vote, to women aged 30 and over who resided in the constituency or occupied land or premises with a rateable value above £5, or whose husbands did.
In March 1918 Swire Smith, the Liberal MP for Keighley died, causing a by-election on 26 April. There was doubt as to whether women were eligible to stand for parliament. Nina Boyle made known her intention to stand as a candidate for the Women's Freedom League at Keighley and, if refused, to take the matter to the courts for a definitive ruling. After some consideration, the returning officer stated that he was prepared to accept her nomination, thus establishing a precedent for women candidates. However, he ruled her nomination papers invalid on other grounds: one of the signatories to her nomination was not on the electoral roll and another lived outside the constituency. The Law Lords were asked to consider the matter and concluded that the Great Reform Act 1832 had specifically banned women from standing as parliamentary candidates and the Representation of the People Act 1918 had not changed that.
Parliament hurriedly passed the Parliament (Qualification of Women) Act in time to enable women to stand in the general election of December 1918. The act ran to only 27 operative words: "A woman shall not be disqualified by sex or marriage for being elected to or sitting or voting as a Member of the Commons House of Parliament", and is the shortest UK statute.
Effects.
In the 14 December 1918 election to the House of Commons, seventeen women candidates stood, among them well-known suffragette Christabel Pankhurst, representing the Women's Party in Smethwick. The only woman elected was the Sinn Féin candidate for Dublin St Patrick's, Constance Markievicz. However, in line with Sinn Féin abstentionist policy, she did not take her seat.
The first woman to take her seat in the House of Commons was Nancy Astor on 1 December 1919. She was elected as a Coalition Conservative MP for Plymouth Sutton on 28 November 1919, taking the seat her husband had vacated.
As Members of Parliament, women also gained the right to become government ministers. The first woman to become a cabinet minister and Privy Council member was Margaret Bondfield who was Minister of Labour in the Second MacDonald ministry (1929–1931).
Age limits.
During the debate of the bill, Lord Islington explained the apparent discrepancy that women could sit in Parliament at 21 but could not vote until they were 30:

</doc>
<doc id="6906106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906106" title="Round Top (Contra Costa County, California)">
Round Top (Contra Costa County, California)

Round Top is an extinct volcano located in the Berkeley Hills, just east of Oakland, California, within Contra Costa County. The peak is part of the Sibley Volcanic Regional Preserve, which was originally established in 1936 as Round Top Regional Park. This park was one of the first three parks in the East Bay Regional Parks District. The park was renamed Sibley Volcanic Regional Preserve in 1958 in honor of Robert Sibley, the second president of the park district, shortly after his death in 1958.
The volcanic activity that created Round Top started around 10.2 Million years ago and continued for over a million years. The area has two known main volcanic vents: one under the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and the other at Round Top itself. Over time, the Round Top vent has tilted and fallen sideways, a testament to the geological changes that have shaped the region over millions of years.

</doc>
<doc id="6906120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906120" title="The Runners (production duo)">
The Runners (production duo)

The Runners are an American electronic and hip hop production duo from Orlando, Florida, consisting of Andrew "Dru Brett" Harr and Jermaine "Mayne Zane" Jackson. Formed in 2000, their foray into musical production was inspired by Timbaland and the Neptunes. Their trademark is an exhale sound effect echoing "Ahhh" at the beginning of their productions.
The duo first became known for their credits on the 2006 single "Hustlin'" by Rick Ross and the 2008 single "Go Hard" by DJ Khaled, and gained further recognition for their extensive work on releases for both artists. They have since produced songs for artists including Keyshia Cole, Cher Lloyd, Ace Hood, Chris Brown, Fat Joe, Juelz Santana, Nelly, Kevin Gates, Jim Jones, Lil Wayne, Fabolous and Usher. Their production often accomplishes songwriting from Kevin Cossom or Rico Love, while they often work in tandem with fellow Florida-based producer acts DJ Nasty &amp; LVM, the Monarch and Cubic Z.
History.
The Runners first met as toddlers in Vero Beach, Florida. In 2000, they named themselves the Runners and set up shop in Orlando, where they launched Trac-N-Field Entertainment. In 2008, the Runners were nominated for Producer of the Year at the BET Awards.
They produced two tracks on Rihanna's fifth studio album "Loud", "Cheers (Drink to That)" and "California King Bed". They have also produced British singer-rapper Cher Lloyd's debut single "Swagger Jagger". On March 31, 2012, they went in the studio to produce for Shakira. Although their work is primarily hip hop they have recently created several songs for TV including John Walsh's America's Most Wanted intro. On October 7, 2014, they released their first original dance music track "We Will Stand" on Track Team Records.
Jermaine "Mayne Zane" Jackson performs and produces now as BLVK JVCK.

</doc>
<doc id="6906121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906121" title="Uterovaginal plexus (nerves)">
Uterovaginal plexus (nerves)

The uterovaginal plexus is a division of the inferior hypogastric plexus. In older texts, it is referred to as two structures, the "vaginal plexus" and "uterine plexus".

</doc>
<doc id="6906129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906129" title="Russian battlecruiser Admiral Lazarev">
Russian battlecruiser Admiral Lazarev

Admiral Lazarev () was the second Project 1144 Orlan (NATO reporting name ) nuclear-powered guided missile cruiser. Until 1992 she was named Frunze () after Mikhail Frunze, at that time she was renamed after the Russian admiral Mikhail Petrovich Lazarev. Scrapping of the ship began in April 2021.
Construction and design.
She was laid down on 27 July 1978 at Baltiysky Naval Shipyard, Leningrad, launched on 26 May 1981, and commissioned on 31 October 1984.
Differences from lead ship.
"Admiral Lazarev" was constructed differently from the lead ship of the class. On the forward part of the ship, the twin SS-N-14 ASW missile launcher was replaced with 8 octuple SA-N-9 surface-to-air missile vertical launchers (planned, but not installed). On the aft part, a single twin AK-130 130 mm gun, similar to the guns used on "Slava" and "Sovremennyy", was used instead of two 100 mm guns. Near the flight deck, the 30 mm CIWS cannons were moved to the aft superstructure and replaced with place for 8 octuple SA-N-9 vertical launchers (not installed). There were also some differences in the sensors, ESM/ECM suite and communication systems.
Career.
In August to November 1985 she sailed from the North via the Cape of Good Hope and the Malacca Strait to join the Soviet Navy's Pacific Fleet. She visited Luanda, Aden, and Vietnam along the way. Holm writes that the ship only conducted local-waters training from 1987 to 1992, and was inactive from 1994 onwards.
In 1999 the cruiser was taken out of service and prepared for scrapping as no money was available for its overhaul. In 2004–2005 the cruiser's nuclear fuel was unloaded. 
As of 2009 it was reported that the ship was moored near Vladivostok, in conservation status. The Russian Navy planned to modernize the ship and return it to active service, provided that the necessary funds were found. In 2012 it appeared unlikely modernization would occur, as the ship was "considered to be beyond repair... will be scrapped, a source in the military complex says". 
"Admiral Lazarev" has appeared in aerial imagery from 2006 to 2014 moored in the Abrek Bay mothball fleet, near Fokino, Primorsky Krai. Its berth is around from the Russian nuclear-powered vessel decommissioning facility at the Chazhma Bay naval yard. In northern summer 2014, "Admiral Lazarev" was painted at "30 судоремонтный завод" (roughly 30th Ship Repair Factory) in the Chazhma Bay drydock to extend preservation time in the reserve fleet. The latest aerial imagery shows the ship located at 42°55'46.0"N 132°25'08.0"E in the Bukhta Abrek.
In April 2019, Russia decided to scrap and recycle "Admiral Lazarev" in 2021. A contract for ship recycling was signed in February 2021.
Updated scrapping photos were posted in October 2021 and October 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="6906130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906130" title="Uterine plexus">
Uterine plexus



</doc>
<doc id="6906134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906134" title="Vaginal plexus">
Vaginal plexus



</doc>
<doc id="6906139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906139" title="Characters from Arrested Development">
Characters from Arrested Development



</doc>
<doc id="6906141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906141" title="Equal Franchise Act 1928">
Equal Franchise Act 1928



</doc>
<doc id="6906149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906149" title="2007 Eurovision Song Contest">
2007 Eurovision Song Contest



</doc>
<doc id="6906151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906151" title="Tenskwautawa">
Tenskwautawa



</doc>
<doc id="6906155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906155" title="Road speed limit enforcement in Australia">
Road speed limit enforcement in Australia

Road speed limit enforcement in Australia constitutes the actions taken by the authorities to force road users to comply with the speed limits in force on Australia's roads. Speed limit enforcement equipment such as speed cameras and other technologies such as radar and LIDAR are widely used by the authorities. In some regions, aircraft equipped with VASCAR devices are also used.
Each of the Australian states have their own speed limit enforcement policies and strategies and approved enforcement devices.
Methods.
Mobile Gatso speed camera.
This mobile camera or speed camera is used in Victoria and Queensland and can be operated in various manners. Without a flash, the only evidence of speed camera on the outside of the car is a black rectangular box, which sends out the radar beam, about 30 cm by 10 cm, mounted on the front of the car. On the older models of the camera, and on rainy days or in bad light, a cable is used to link it to a box with a flash placed just in front of the vehicle. The operator sits in the car and takes the pictures, which are then uploaded to a laptop computer. In both states unmarked cars are used. In Victoria these cameras are operated by Serco contractors, while in Queensland uniformed police officers operate them.
Many of the modern Gatso cameras now feature full capability, flashless operation. The advent of infra-red flash technology has provided Gatsos with the capacity to capture vehicles exceeding the limit in varying conditions - without emitting a bright flash, which in many cases can be considered distracting to the driver, especially if taken head-on. Infra-red light is invisible to the human eye, but when paired with a camera with an infra-red sensor, can be used as a flash to produce a clear image in low light conditions.
Mobile Multanova speed camera.
Used only in Western Australia, this Doppler RADAR-based camera is mounted usually on a tripod on the side of the road. It is sometimes covered by a black sheet and there is usually a "anywhere anytime" sign following it chained onto a pole or tree. It is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a "Multinova". Multanovas are manufactured by a Swiss company of the same name - Western Australia utilises the 6F and the 9F models.
During the daytime, the Multanova unit uses a standard "white" flash, but in low light or night time, a red filter is added to the flash so as to not dazzle the driver.
The camera is always accompanied by a white station wagon or by a black or, more commonly a white, silver or brown Nissan X-Trail, staffed by an un-sworn police officer (not a contractor) who is responsible for assembling and disassembling the unit, supervising it and operating the accompanying laptop in the car for the few hours that it is deployed at a location. The Nissan X-Trail usually has a bull bar and spotlights on it and a large, thick antenna. The camera stays usually for about four to five hours. There were 25 in use in Perth at the beginning of 2008.
As of late 2011 Multanova use in WA has been discontinued in favour of LIDAR exclusively.
Fixed speed-only camera.
These cameras come in many forms, some free standing on poles; others mounted on bridges or overhead gantries. The cameras may consist of a box for taking photographs, as well as a smaller box for the flash, or only a single box containing all the instruments. Recently introduced infrared cameras, do not emit a blinding flash and can therefore be used to take front-on photographs showing the driver's face.
Most states are now starting to replace older analogue film fixed cameras with modern digital variants.
Fixed speed cameras can use Doppler RADAR or Piezo strips embedded in the road to measure a vehicle's speed as it passes the camera.
However ANPR technology is also used to time vehicles between two or more fixed cameras that are a known distance apart (typically at least several kilometres). The average speed is then calculated using the formula: formula_1. The longer distance over which the speed is measured prevents drivers from slowing down momentarily for a camera before speeding up again. The SAFE-T-CAM system uses this technology, but was designed to only targets heavy vehicles. Newer ANPR cameras in Victoria are able to target any vehicle.
Fixed dual speed and red light camera.
These cameras are used in the Northern Territory, South Australia, the Australian Capital Territory, Victoria, New South Wales and Western Australia. They detect speeding at the intersection as well as running a red light. They look the same as red light cameras, except they are digital and look slightly more modern. Some of the Victorian cameras are Traffipax brand.
In New South Wales and South Australia dual redlight/speed cameras are identified by a "Safety Camera" sign.
Queensland is in the process of investigating conversion to dual redlight/speed cameras as the current system is reaching end-of-life.
Other speed checking devices.
Police also use other technology that does not rely photographs being taken of an offence, typically where officers enforce the speed limit in person.
'Silver Eagle'.
New South Wales police used the Silver Eagle vehicle-mounted unit. This radar device is typically mounted on the right hand side of the vehicle just behind the driver, and is operated from inside the vehicle. The units are approved for use only in rural areas where traffic is sparse, and may be used from a stationary or moving vehicle.
'Stalker'.
Police vehicles in New South Wales have recently been fitted with a dual-radar known as the Stalker DSR 2X, which is able to monitor vehicles moving in two different directions at the same time.
Other.
NSW police also use LIDAR devices as well as vehicle speedometers and speed estimates to prosecute speeding motorists.
The TIRTL device is deployed as a speed measurement sensor in Victoria and New South Wales. The device consists of a pair of sensors embedded in the curb that use a series of infrared beams to monitor vehicles at wheel height. Although the sensors themselves are very difficult to see, they are accompanied by a standard Traffipax camera to capture images of the offence. The state of New South Wales approved the device in November 2008 for use in the state as dual red light / speed cameras (named "safety cameras" under the Roads &amp; Traffic Authority's terminology).
Motorcycle and bicycle-mounted police in New South Wales are equipped with the binocular-styled "Pro-Lite+" LIDAR device.
History.
Victoria.
Started with a small trial in 1985 using signed cameras with minimal effect. The major introduction was at the end of 1989 with hidden speed cameras starting at around 500 hours/month increasing to 4,000 hours/month by 1992. During the testing of the cameras the percentage of drivers speeding (over the speed camera thresholds) was 24% and by the end of 1992 this had dropped to 4%. The revenue collected by each camera dropped from $2,000/hour to $1,000/hour over 18 months. The road toll dropped from 776 in 1989 (no cameras) to 396 in 1992 (49% drop).
New South Wales.
Mobile speed cameras were first used in New South Wales in 1991. In 1999 the authorities began to install fixed cameras, and signs warning of their presence, at crash black spots.
Western Australia.
The government of Western Australia started using speed cameras in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="6906164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906164" title="La Troienne">
La Troienne

La Troienne (1926–1954) was one of the most famous and influential Thoroughbred broodmares in twentieth century America. She produced 10 winners including two Hall of Fame inductees while at stud, while her daughters in turn produced many notable offspring. In 2000, pedigree expert Janeen Oliver designated her as the taproot of family 1-x, a designation that was implemented by the Pedigree Online Thoroughbred Database in 2003. Recent matrilineal descendants include 2003 Horse of the Year Mineshaft, Japanese Triple Crown winner Contrail (2020), Kentucky Derby winners Smarty Jones (2004) and Super Saver (2010), Belmont Stakes winner Essential Quality (2021), and Sussex Stakes winner Alcohol Free (2021).
She was a bay filly born in 1926 in France, and was sired by the French stallion Teddy. Her dam was the winner Helene de Troie, by imported British stallion Helicon. Her breeder and first owner was Marcel Boussac.
Racing career.
In France, La Troienne raced twice as a two-year-old, finishing unplaced. At age three, she was unplaced in the Prix Chloé and Poule d'Essai des Pouliches. Shipped to England, she managed a third in the five furlong Snailwell Stakes at Newmarket, and a second in the Freckenham Stakes at seven furlongs. In her final start, the Welter Handicap at six furlongs, she again ran unplaced. In total, La Troienne started seven times with no wins, just one second and a third. Her earnings were equivalent to $146.
Breeding career.
Sent by Boussac to England to the December 1930 Newmarket Sales, she sold for 1,250 guineas. At the time, she was in foal to "Chef-de-Race" Gainsborough. She was purchased by Colonel E. R. Bradley of the Idle Hour Stock Farm in Lexington, Kentucky and exported to the US in 1931. The Gainsborough filly was born deformed and had to be killed.
La Troienne produced 14 named foals. Twelve raced and ten were winners, including five stakes winners and two Hall of Fame inductees. 
Owing to the success of her descendants, La Troienne was listed as a Cluster Mare, which is a Thoroughbred brood mare that has produced two or more winners of five or more of the eight most important and valuable races, within six generations. When writing about American Classic Pedigrees in 2003, Avalyn Hunter identified six winners of American Triple Crown races descended from her in the female line: Bimelech, Personality, Easy Goer, Sea Hero, Prairie Bayou, and Go for Gin, plus four winners of similarly prominent races for fillies: Princess Rooney, Lite Light, Pike Place Dancer and Tweedside. The list has only continued to grow, including 2003 Horse of the Year Mineshaft, Kentucky Derby winners Smarty Jones and Super Saver, Japanese Triple Crown winner Contrail, plus Breeders' Cup winners Folklore, Judy the Beauty and Stephanie's Kitten. Essential Quality is both a Classic winner and a Breeders' Cup winner.
Beyond the success of her female line, La Troienne appears in the pedigrees of numerous other stakes winners, often through a form of inbreeding. One of pedigree analyst Les Brinsfield's favorite axioms was: "If a pedigree lacks La Troienne, get some in there. If it has La Troienne, get more in there." For example, La Troienne appears three times in the pedigree of 1992 Horse of the Year A.P. Indy. Leading sire Tapit is a descendant of A.P. Indy on the male side, and has an additional four strains of La Troienne from his dam, Tap Your Heels. Similarly, California Chrome, the 2014 Horse of the Year, traces to A.P. Indy on the male side, and has four additional strains of La Troienne through his dam, Love the Chase. Even American Pharoah, the 2015 Triple Crown winner, has five strains of La Troienne, in his case through grand-sire Empire Maker.
La Troienne's influence is not limited to North America. For example, she appears in the pedigrees of both Galileo and Danehill, leading sires in Great Britain and Ireland, through her great-grandson Buckpasser. The unbeaten Frankel, who descends from both Galileo and Danehill, thus has two strains of La Troienne.
La Troienne came in time to be described as "the most important producer to be brought across the Atlantic Ocean in [the twentieth] century." Pedigree expert Avalyn Hunter says she is "arguably the foremost American taproot mare of the modern era."
Later life.
In 1938, at the age of 13, La Troienne was frightened by a thunderstorm and due to a loss of vision in her right eye, she bolted and collided with a tree. Her right shoulder was badly damaged and the veterinarians who examined her assured Colonel Bradley she would have to be destroyed. Col. Bradley said, "Put ten men with her night and day if it will help. We'll never get another like her." At the time La Troienne was carrying the filly Businesslike.
When Col. Bradley died in 1946, his stock was sold off. A syndicate including Greentree Stables, King Ranch, and Ogden Phipps received La Troienne.
After her foaling days had ended, La Troienne lived out her life in comfort. She died at Greentree Stud at the age of 28 on January 30, 1954. Her grave still stands at Greentree, now a part of Gainesway Farm.
Honors.
The Grade II 7½ furlong La Troienne Stakes for 3-year-old fillies at Churchill Downs was named after her for many years, until the name was changed for the 2009 running to the Eight Belles Stakes. Somewhat fittingly, Eight Belles was a member of La Troienne's female family. Churchill Downs then renamed the Louisville Distaff Handicap, for fillies and mares 3 years old and up, in La Troienne's honour. The new La Troienne Stakes became a Grade I stake in 2014.
La Troienne never received the title of Kentucky Broodmare of the Year as her best foals raced prior to the creation of the award in 1946. However, four of her female family descendants have been so honored: Striking (1961, a noted "blue hen" in her own right), Relaxing (1989, dam of Easy Goer), Glowing Tribute (1993, dam of Sea Hero), and Prospectors Delite (2003, dam of Mineshaft).
Pedigree.
La Troienne was sired by Teddy, who is commonly considered the best three-year-old of 1916 in France and Spain, although his racing career was disrupted by World War I. He was the leading sire in France of 1923, and finished second in 1926, 1928 and 1932. Among his leading offspring were Bull Dog and Sir Gallahad III, who both became outstanding sires when imported into the United States. Teddy was also an outstanding broodmare sire, leading the French list in 1935. Teddy was inbred 5x3 to Bend Or and 5x4x5 to Galopin.
La Troienne's dam, Helene de Troie, also produced Adargatis, who won the Prix de Diane and herself became a Classic producer. Her dam, Lady of Pedigree, was a half sister to the notable broodmare Absurdity, who produced two Classic winners, Jest and Black Gesture. This branch of the family is also still active around the world, producing Classic winners such as Lawman and Cape Blanco. Helene de Troie was inbred 4x5 to Bend Or.
La Troienne's pedigree thus shows multiple crosses (6X4X5X6) to Bend Or, and even more crosses farther back (6X5X6X5X7) to Galopin. The first nine generations of her pedigree show fourteen crosses to Stockwell. Pedigree consultant Les Brinsfield felt that the secret to her success as a broodmare traces to the first winner of the Epsom Derby, Diomed, who had limited success at the beginning of his stud career in England but left behind the outstanding producer Young Giantess before exported to America. Young Giantess produced a thriving family and literally hundreds of crosses to her accumulated in the pedigree of La Troienne. Meanwhile, in America, Diomed established the most dominant sire line of the 19th century, including 16-time leading sire Lexington, and those sires were often inbred to Diomed. Upon arrival in North America, La Troienne was bred to stallions who descended from this male line of Diomed. Brinfield concluded, "Every foal from La Troienne was the result of the reunion of male and female strains of Diomed after segregation for over a century. Barring an error in our pedigrees, this is undeniable. Equally undeniable, these foals were superior to the norm and the cumulative impact of their offspring is astounding."

</doc>
<doc id="6906185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906185" title="SA-N-11 Grisom">
SA-N-11 Grisom



</doc>
<doc id="6906194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906194" title="Prostatic plexus (nervous)">
Prostatic plexus (nervous)

The prostatic plexus is continued from the lower part of the pelvic plexus. It lies within the fascial shell of the prostate.
The nerves composing it are of large size.
They are distributed to the prostate seminal vesicle and the corpora cavernosa of the penis and urethra.
The nerves supplying the corpora cavernosa consist of two sets, the lesser and greater cavernous nerves, which arise from the forepart of the prostatic plexus, and, after joining with branches from the pudendal nerve, pass forward beneath the pubic arch. Injury to the prostatic plexus (during prostatic resection for example) is highly likely to cause erectile dysfunction. It is because of this relationship that surgeons are careful to maintain the integrity of the prostatic fascial shell so as to not interrupt the post-ganglionic parasympathetic fibers that produce penile erection.

</doc>
<doc id="6906216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906216" title="Théodore de Bry">
Théodore de Bry



</doc>
<doc id="6906222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906222" title="Nissan 200ZR">
Nissan 200ZR



</doc>
<doc id="6906225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906225" title="Jess Buckles">
Jess Buckles

Jesse Robert Buckles (May 20, 1890 – August 2, 1975), nicknamed "Jim", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in two games, both in relief, for the New York Yankees near the end of the 1916 season.
Buckles made his major league debut on September 17, 1916, against the Cleveland Indians at League Park. His second and final appearance (October 3) was in a home game against the Washington Senators at the Polo Grounds. In his two games he pitched a total of four innings and gave up just one earned run, giving him an ERA of 2.25.

</doc>
<doc id="6906228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906228" title="Eres Tu (1973 song)">
Eres Tu (1973 song)



</doc>
<doc id="6906230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906230" title="Representation of the People Act 1989">
Representation of the People Act 1989

The Representation of the People Act 1989 (c. 28) is an act by the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
It extended the time that a British citizen could have lived abroad and still vote from 5 years to 20 years, and extended this right to people who were too young to vote at the time of leaving Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="6906233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906233" title="Crispin glover">
Crispin glover



</doc>
<doc id="6906244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906244" title="Vesical nervous plexus">
Vesical nervous plexus

The vesical nervous plexus arises from the forepart of the pelvic plexus. The nerves composing it are numerous, and contain a large proportion of spinal nerve fibers. They accompany the vesicle arteries, and are distributed to the sides and fundus of the bladder. Numerous filaments also pass to the seminal vesicles and vas deferens; those accompanying the vas deferens join, on the spermatic cord, with branches from the spermatic plexus.

</doc>
<doc id="6906268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906268" title="Dessie Baker">
Dessie Baker

Desmond Baker (born 25 August 1977) is an Irish footballer who plays for Leinster Senior League side Edenderry Town.
Early career.
From Tallaght Baker was a graduate of Dublin youth clubs Marks Celtic and Stella Maris, before spending his late teens as a trainee at Manchester United. Baker enjoyed a fruitful career at youth level, winning the and Youth League with Manchester United and numerous schoolboy international caps for Republic of Ireland. Baker played for the Republic of Ireland national under-19 football team in the 1996 UEFA European Under-18 Championship finals in Luxembourg and scored against Italy. Although he was named the FAI Youth Player of the Year in 1995 he failed to earn a professional contract at Old Trafford, however, and after a brief detour to Oldham returned to Ireland in the summer of 1996, having been offered a contract by League of Ireland club, Shelbourne.
League of Ireland career.
He made his League of Ireland debut at UCD on 15 December 1995 and would remain a fixture in the Shels line-up for the remainder of the decade, but rose to wider prominence as a member of Brian Kerr's Republic of Ireland squad which placed third at the 1997 FIFA Under-20 World Cup. Baker famously headed the opening goal of Ireland's 2–1 victory over Ghana in the third/fourth place play-off after less than a minute of play had elapsed.
He had already represented his country at U16 and U18 levels.
Baker (who scored another memorable goal against Kilmarnock in the 1997–98 Cup Winners' Cup, although Shels eventually lost the tie) was an integral member of the Shelbourne team which won the League of Ireland championship under Dermot Keely in 1999–2000, frequently operating on the left-hand side of a forward trident which also featured his brother Richie on the opposite flank.
Another league title followed in 2001–02, but this time Shels were crowned champions under contentious and unsatisfactory circumstances, while Baker himself hardly muddied his boots all season. Keely, bemoaning the pressures of full-time football management, vacated his position, and his successor Pat Fenlon consigned Baker almost permanently to the substitutes' bench.
Baker served out the remainder of his contract during two frustrating and largely inactive seasons under Fenlon (incorporating a brief loan spell at UCD), before signing a two-year contract with Longford Town in January 2004. Longford manager Alan Matthews (formerly attached to the coaching staff at Shels) declared that "[Baker is] a good asset to us and he has something to prove to people after his last two seasons which have seen him play very little football." Baker himself was of the opinion that "the squad of players he [Matthews] has should see us challenging for more silverware next season."This view was instantly vindicated as Longford won their maiden FAI Cup in 2003, a feat they remarkably reprised in 2004, when the additional conquest of the League of Ireland Cup reinforced the club's status as connoisseurs of knockout football.
Despite participation in the UEFA Cup and newly instituted Setanta Sports Cup, Longford's form deteriorated markedly, resulting in relegation at the end of the 2007 season despite reaching the FAI Cup Final.
Baker signed for Shamrock Rovers in December 2007. He made his league debut for the Hoops on 8 March 2008, and scored his first goal on 21 March against Bray Wanderers. Despite a positive start to his Rovers career, Baker fell out of favour with Rovers manager Pat Scully and in July 2008 Baker was loaned to First Division title challengers Dundalk for the remainder of that season. Baker won a First Division winners medal with Dundalk as they pipped his former club Shelbourne to the title on a dramatic ending to the final night of the season.
Baker returned to Shamrock Rovers for the 2009 season and his faltering Rovers career was given a new lease of life by new manager Michael O'Neill. Baker re-established himself in the Rovers starting XI after instantly developing a formidable partnership with Gary Twigg as Rovers finished 2nd in the Premier Division. During the season Baker appeared as a second-half substitute in a friendly match against Real Madrid at Tallaght Stadium on 20 July 2009. The game was noted for Cristiano Ronaldo's Real Madrid debut. Baker missed an opportunity to put Shamrock Rovers ahead, and soon after Karim Benzema grabbed a late winner for the Spanish outfit.
In 2010, numerous injuries hampered Baker over the course of the season resulting in him announcing his intention to retire from football at the end of the season. He capped off his League of Ireland career by winning his fourth title as Shamrock Rovers won the 2010 Premier Division title on the final day of the season.
In his time at the Hoops, Baker scored a total of 19 goals in 75 total appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="6906270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906270" title="List of governors of the Leeward Islands">
List of governors of the Leeward Islands

This is a list of governors of the Leeward Islands.
The Leeward Islands was originally created as a colony of England in 1671, continuing in existence until its dissolution in 1816.
In 1833 a number of island colonies were grouped together under a single governor once again. These islands were reconstituted as a federal colony in 1872. The federal colony was dissolved in 1956 with its constituent territories becoming colonies of the United Kingdom in their own right but still under a single governor. The office of Governor of the Leeward Islands remained in existence after the establishment of the Federation of the West Indies in 1958 until finally being abolished with effect from 1 January 1960.
Governors of the Leeward Islands (1671–1816).
In 1816 the colony was dissolved.
Governors of the Leeward Islands (1833–1872).
In 1833 the colonies of Antigua, Barbuda, Dominica, Montserrat, Nevis, St Kitts, and the Virgin Islands were brought together under the Governor of Antigua.
In 1872 the Governor of Antigua became the first Governor of a new federal colony of the Leeward Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="6906271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906271" title="Governor of the Leeward Islands">
Governor of the Leeward Islands



</doc>
<doc id="6906272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906272" title="The afternoon play">
The afternoon play



</doc>
<doc id="6906274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906274" title="Standards based education reform">
Standards based education reform



</doc>
<doc id="6906279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906279" title="Standards based reform">
Standards based reform



</doc>
<doc id="6906291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906291" title="New Tricks (album)">
New Tricks (album)

New Tricks was Bing Crosby's eighth long-playing album and sixth vinyl LP for Decca Records, originally released in 1957 as number DL-8575.
"New Tricks" featured twelve standards recorded between August 1955 and August 1956 for Crosby's daily CBS radio show with a trio led by Crosby's regular pianist Buddy Cole. They were mastered for LP release in March 1957.
Crosby's earlier Decca LP "Some Fine Old Chestnuts" (1954) similarly features songs recorded for radio accompanied by Cole.
The album was first issued on CD in 1990 by Decca in Japan No. 25P2 2833. In 1998 it was included in a twofer CD called "Some Fine Old Chestnuts &amp; New Tricks" issued by MCA Records No. MCLD19377. Another CD issue took place in 2017 with the Universal Music release of "New Tricks - 60th Anniversary Deluxe Edition" catalog No. B0027587-02. This contained 12 bonus tracks, all of which were culled from Crosby's radio shows.
Reception.
Record producer, Ken Barnes, wrote: "While Bing broke no new ground with this album of oldies—accompanied by Buddy Cole’s trio—it was clearly something he enjoyed doing. The songs are all good—‘When I Take My Sugar to Tea’, ‘Avalon’, ‘Chicago’ and an outstanding ‘On the Alamo’ to name but four, and Bing puts it all across with great style. Cole plays his customary tasteful piano—his occasional excursions on to organ, however, only serve to point out how much better electronic organs sound today. This is a pity, because Cole had a considerable technique. Not a classic Crosby album by any means but a pleasant one, certainly.
The jazz historian Will Friedwald describes "New Tricks" as "swingingly successful," adding that "its cover - a very Bingish basset bearing a Crosby-style pipe, hat, and even eyes - had won listeners over even before they dug into the disc."
Personnel.
Buddy Cole (musician) (piano); Vince Terri (guitar); Don Whitaker (bass); Nick Fatool (drums)

</doc>
<doc id="6906292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906292" title="Songlines (Alphaville video)">
Songlines (Alphaville video)

Songlines is a video released by the German band Alphaville in 1989, created during the production of Alphaville's 1989 album "The Breathtaking Blue".
Background.
Nine directors (or directing teams) from seven countries were each given a different track from "The Breathtaking Blue" and asked to make a short movie inspired by the song. The title 'Songlines' is a reference to the Australian aboriginal belief that "the gods created the world and everything in it by wandering through the desert and calling creation into life through their singing. Till this day, Aborigines follow these songlines, guided by totems which the gods left behind for them".
The video collection was re-released in May 2021, as part of the re-release of the album "The Breathtaking Blue". Band member Bernhard Lloyd said of the project, "The crazy endeavor to turn the entire album into the film "Songlines" actually worked out in a wondrous way. A separate short film for each song, from directors all across the world – a project ahead of its time almost 35 years ago. The treasure of original 35mm film tapes have been recovered, the tapes meticulously restored and digitalized. Now, these films can finally be enjoyed in all of their beauty. It's a completely new experience."
Awards.
Christoph &amp; Wolfgang Lauenstein's video for "Middle of the Riddle" was later 
retitled "Balance" and won in 1990 the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film (albeit with different music).

</doc>
<doc id="6906293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906293" title="Arabs in Turkey">
Arabs in Turkey

Arabs in Turkey (; ) are about 1.5 million or 5 million (including the Syrian refugees) citizens or residents of Turkey who are ethnically of Arab descent. They are the third-largest minority in the country after the Kurds and the Circassians and are concentrated in a few provinces in Southeastern Anatolia. In addition to this native group, millions of Arab Syrian refugees have sought refuge in Turkey since the beginning of the Syrian civil war in 2011.
Background.
Besides the large communities of both foreign and Turkish Arabs in Istanbul and other large cities, most live in the south and southeast.
Turkish Arabs are mostly Muslims living along the southeastern border with Syria and Iraq but also in Mediterranean coastal regions in the following provinces: Batman, Bitlis, Gaziantep, Hatay, Mardin, Muş, Siirt, Şırnak, Şanlıurfa, Mersin and Adana. Many tribes, in addition to other Arabs who settled there, arrived before Turkic tribes came to Anatolia from Central Asia in the 11th century. Many of these Arabs have ties to Arabs in Syria and Saudi Arabia, especially in the city of Raqqa. Arab society in Turkey has been subject to Turkification, yet some speak Arabic in addition to Turkish. The Treaty of Lausanne ceded to Turkey large areas that had been part of Ottoman Syria, especially in Aleppo Vilayet.
Besides a significant Shafi'i Sunni population, about 300,000 to 350,000 are Alawites (distinct from Alevism). About 18,000 Arab Christians belong mostly to the Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch. There are also few Arab Jews in Hatay and other Turkish parts of the former Aleppo Vilayet, but this community has shrank considerably since the late 1940s, mostly due to migration to Israel and other parts of Turkey.
History.
Pre-Islamic period.
Arabs presence in what used to be called Asia Minor, dates back to the Hellenistic period. The Arab dynasty of the Abgarids were rulers of the Kingdom of Osroene, with its capital in the ancient city of Edessa (Modern day city of Urfa). According to Retsö, The Arabs presence in Edessa dates back to AD 49. In addition, the Roman author Pliny the Elder refers to the natives of Osroene as Arabs and the region as Arabia. In the nearby Tektek Mountains, Arabs seem to have made it the seat of the governors of 'Arab. An early Arab figure who flourished in Anatolia is the 2nd century grammarian Phrynichus Arabius, specifically in the Roman province of Bithynia. Another example, is the 4th century Roman politician Domitius Modestus who was appointed by Emperor Julian to the position of Praefectus urbi of Constantinople (Modern day Istanbul). And under Emperor Valens, he became Praetorian Prefect of the East whose seat was also in Constantinople. In the 6th century, The famous Arab poet Imru' al-Qais journeyed to Constantinople in the time of Byzantine Emperor Justinian I. On his way back, it is said that he died and was buried at Ancyra (Modern day Ankara) in the Central Anatolia Region.
The age of Islam.
In the early Islamic conquests, the Rashidun Caliphate successful campaigns in the Levant lead to the fall of the Ghassanids. The last Ghassanid king Jabalah ibn al-Aiham with as many as 30,000 Arab followers managed to avoid the punishment of the Caliph Umar by escaping to the domains of the Byzantine Empire. King Jabalah ibn al-Aiham established a government-in-exile in Constantinople and lived in Anatolia until his death in 645. Following the early Muslim conquests, Asia Minor became the main ground for the Arab-Byzantine wars. Among those Arabs who were killed in the wars was Abu Ayyub al-Ansari, a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. Abu Ayyub was buried at the walls of Constantinople. Centuries later, after the Ottomans conquest of the city, a tomb above Abu Ayyub's grave was constructed and a mosque built by the name of Eyüp Sultan Mosque. From that point on, the area became known as the locality of Eyup by the Ottoman officials. Another instance of Arab presence in what is nowadays Turkey, is the settlement of Arab tribes in the 7th century in the region of Al-Jazira (Upper Mesopotamia), that partially encompasses Southeastern Turkey. Among those tribes are the Banu Bakr, Mudar, Rabi'ah ibn Nizar and Banu Taghlib.
Demographics.
According to a Turkish study based on a large survey in 2006, 0.7% of the total population in Turkey were ethnically Arab. The population of Arabs in Turkey varies according to different sources. A 1995 American estimate put the numbers between 800,000 and 1 million. According to Ethnologue, in 1992 there were 500,000 people with Arabic as their mother tongue in Turkey. Another Turkish study estimated the Arab population to be between 1.1 and 2.4%.
Arabs in Cilicia.
A significant Arab population has long existed in Cilicia in southern Turkey. Most of them are Alawites, but Sunnis and Orthodox Christians are also present. The number of Alawites in the provinces of Adana and Mersin, determined through surveys and field work in 2000, was estimated between 247,000 and 329,000, encompassing the area's three large cities (Adana, Mersin and Tarsus) and the country side. The percentages of Alawite Arab are estimated at 5-6% in Mersin, 10-15% in Adana, and 15-20% in Tarsus. Thirty-two Alawite Arab villages are scattered in the area south of the Adana-Mersin road.

</doc>
<doc id="6906297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906297" title="Raising the bar">
Raising the bar



</doc>
<doc id="6906298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906298" title="EGTF">
EGTF



</doc>
<doc id="6906303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906303" title="Theodore Pangalos">
Theodore Pangalos



</doc>
<doc id="6906305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906305" title="Joey Saputo">
Joey Saputo

Giuseppe "Joey" Saputo (born September 25, 1964) is a Canadian businessman, the president of CF Montréal soccer team he founded in 1992, and owner of Saputo Stadium, named for his family's dairy products company Saputo Inc. He is also the chairman of the Italian football club Bologna.
Family.
Saputo is the son of Emanuele "Lino" Saputo, the founder, former chairman &amp; CEO, and majority shareholder of Saputo Inc., a Canadian dairy products company that also markets a range of other items including spaghetti sauce. Saputo previously owned Vachon Inc., the snack company responsible for the Jos Louis dessert. Joey Saputo has four sons.
Career.
Saputo Inc..
In 1985, Saputo began working for the family business, Saputo Inc., a dairy processing company founded by his father Lino Saputo in 1954. In 1990, he was promoted to president and chief operating officer of the Dairy Products Division for the United States. After occupying various positions within the organization, he was named Senior Vice President of Commercial and Business Development in January 2004.
CF Montréal.
Saputo was the first president of Montreal Impact in 1992 when the Saputo Group was the team's sole owner. Under his leadership, the club was sold to a group of shareholders in 1999. In 2002, the team was incorporated as a non-profit organization, and he played a "pivotal role in the re-launch of the club" and returned as president. He then spearheaded the construction of Saputo Stadium, the team's new home, inaugurated at Olympic Park, Montreal, on May 19, 2008.
By 2007, he had left the Saputo Group in order to focus on the Impact. In 2012, he led the club's entry into Major League Soccer and oversaw the Saputo Stadium's expansion. Under his leadership, "professional soccer's popularity has soared to unprecedented heights in Quebec", with the Impact having won three championships, two Canadian championships, and reached the finals of the CONCACAF Champions League. In 2021, the Impact were renamed as CF Montréal.
Bologna.
Saputo is the majority shareholder in a consortium (BFC 1909 Lux SPV SA) that bought the Italian football club Bologna on October 15, 2014. He was nominated as the next chairman of the club in an extraordinary general meeting on November 17, 2014, replacing Joe Tacopina, who retained the position until annual general meeting on December 22, 2014.
Other activities.
In addition to his work at the Saputo Group and CF Montreal, Saputo has also been involved in managing his family's assets, consolidated under Jolina Capital ("the Saputo family company"), an asset management company where he was president from March 2001 to January 2004. Jolina Capital is a shareholder—and frequently a majority shareholder—in companies spanning sectors as diverse as food, transportation, softwood lumber, and real estate.
Saputo is currently on the board of directors of TransForce, a publicly traded Canadian transport and logistics company, where he has been an independent director since 1996.
Philanthropy.
Saputo is involved in the Montreal community and serves on the boards of the Sainte-Justine University Hospital Centre Foundation, PROCURE, an organization that seeks to prevent and cure prostate cancer, and the Italian-Canadian Community Foundation (his father immigrated from Montelepre, Sicily, in the 1950s).

</doc>
<doc id="6906309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906309" title="FRK">
FRK

FRK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6906320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906320" title="Theodore Gaza">
Theodore Gaza



</doc>
<doc id="6906336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906336" title="EGEW">
EGEW



</doc>
<doc id="6906338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906338" title="WRY">
WRY

WRY, or wry, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6906343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906343" title="Pierre Bachand">
Pierre Bachand

Pierre Bachand (22 March 1835 – 3 November 1878) was a lawyer and politician born in Lower Canada who studied law with Louis-Victor Sicotte in Saint-Hyacinthe. He was, at various times, deputy protonotary of the Superior Court and assistant clerk of the Circuit Court in his area.
In 1862, he went into partnership and built up a large practice throughout the area. It was a time of rapid economic growth and, through his influence, they founded a Chamber of Commerce in the Saint-Hyacinthe district.
More important to the area was the start of the Banque de Saint-Hyacinthe which Bachand helped found. He was the president until his death.
He was active in politics and ran successfully for the Liberals in the Legislative Assembly of the province of Quebec in 1867 and was unopposed in 1871 and 1875. Although he was an MLA, he was active in important matters on the federal scene. He worked with Honoré Mercier during the time of the “Pacific Scandal” and helped organize the Parti National in 1871.

</doc>
<doc id="6906351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906351" title="Taboo (film)">
Taboo (film)



</doc>
<doc id="6906354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906354" title="Mona Lisa (singer)">
Mona Lisa (singer)

Mona M Lisa (born February 20, 1981), known professionally as Mona Lisa, is an American pop and R&amp;B singer-songwriter, actress, model, and record producer. She is best known for her debut single "Can't Be Wasting My Time" featuring the hip hop group Lost Boyz, which was featured on the "Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood" soundtrack, as well as her debut album "Mona Lisa".
In 2011, her collaboration with labelmate DL, "First Klass (That Lyfe)" was released as a digital single. It's the lead single for the "King of Paper Chasin"' soundtrack. Her song, "Once Upon a Time" (written by Dennis Cooper) appeared in the film, "The Heart Specialist" which was released in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6906356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906356" title="Hypogastric plexus">
Hypogastric plexus

Hypogastric plexus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6906369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906369" title="EGTC">
EGTC



</doc>
<doc id="6906380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906380" title="New Windsor, South Carolina">
New Windsor, South Carolina



</doc>
<doc id="6906387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906387" title="New Windsor, SC">
New Windsor, SC



</doc>
<doc id="6906393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906393" title="Spirit mars rover">
Spirit mars rover



</doc>
<doc id="6906420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906420" title="EGEF">
EGEF



</doc>
<doc id="6906421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906421" title="Pelvic plexuses">
Pelvic plexuses



</doc>
<doc id="6906424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906424" title="Academic library">
Academic library

An academic library is a library that is attached to a higher education institution, which supports the curriculum and the research of the university faculty and students. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, there are an estimated 3,700 academic libraries in the United States. Class reading materials, intended to supplement lectures by the instructor and housed in academic libraries, have historically known as "reserves". Before electronic resources became available, the reserves were supplied as actual books or as photocopies of appropriate journal articles. Modern academic libraries provide access to electronic resources.
Academic libraries must determine a focus for collection development since comprehensive collections are not feasible. Librarians do this by identifying the needs of the faculty, student body, the mission and academic programs of the college or university. When there are particular areas of specialization in academic libraries, these are often referred to as niche collections. These collections are often the basis of a special collection department and they may include original papers, manuscripts, artwork, and artifacts written or created by a single author or about a specific subject.
There is a great deal of variation among academic libraries based on their size, resources, collections, and services. The Harvard Library, which houses over 20 million volumes, is the largest strictly academic library in the world, although the Danish Royal Library—a combined national and academic library—has a larger collection at about 37 million volumes. The University of California operates the largest academic library system in the world, managing about 41 million volumes across 100 libraries on ten campuses. Another notable example is the University of the South Pacific which has academic libraries distributed throughout its twelve member countries. 
History.
Libraries date back to the ancient world. The earliest academic libraries include the Library of Alexandria and the library at Nalanda University, which apparently burned for months because of the sheer number of manuscripts.
States.
The first colleges in the United States were largely intended to train clergy members. The libraries associated with these institutions largely consisted of donated books on the subjects of theology and the classics. In 1766, Harvard University had the most volumes held followed by Yale University, which had 4,000 volumes. Access to these libraries was restricted to faculty members and a few students: the only staff was a part-time faculty member or the president of the college. The priority of the library was to protect the books, not to allow patrons to use them. In 1849, Yale was open 30 hours a week, the University of Virginia was open nine hours a week, Columbia University four, and Bowdoin College only three. Students instead created literary societies and assessed entrance fees for building a small collection of usable volumes, often over what the university library held.
In 1876, the American Library Association (ALA) was formed with members including Melvil Dewey and Charles Ammi Cutter. Libraries re-prioritized to improve access to materials and found funding increasing due to increased demand for said materials.
In 1904, the Bibliographical Society of America was founded to foster the study of books and manuscripts. Academic librarians were the majority of members.
Academic libraries today vary regarding the extent to which they accommodate those not affiliated with their parent universities. Some offer reading and borrowing privileges to members of the public on payment of an annual fee; such fees can vary greatly. The benefits usually do not extend to such services as computer usage other than to search the catalog or Internet access. Alumni and students of cooperating local universities may be given discounts or other considerations when arranging for borrowing privileges. On the other hand, some universities' libraries are restricted to students, faculty, and staff. Even in this case, they may make it possible for others to borrow materials through interlibrary loan programs.
Libraries of land-grant universities generally are more accessible to the public. In some cases, they are official government document repositories and are required to be open to the public. Still, public members are generally charged fees for borrowing privileges and usually are not allowed to access everything they would be able to as students.
Harvard Library at Harvard University, a private Ivy League university in Cambridge, Massachusetts, is the largest academic library in the world with over 20 million volumes, 400 million manuscripts, 10 million photographs, and one million maps.
Canada.
In Canada, academic libraries have been more recently developed than in other nations. The first academic library in Canada, opened in 1789, was in Windsor, Nova Scotia. Academic libraries were significantly small during the 19th century and up until the 1950s, when Canadian academic libraries began to grow steadily as a result of greater importance being placed on education and research. 
In the 1960s, academic libraries in Canada began to grow as a direct result of larger student enrollments, increased graduate programs, higher budget allowance, and general advocacy of the importance of these libraries. As a result of this growth and the Ontario New Universities Library Project that occurred during the early 1960s, five new universities were established in Ontario that all included fully cataloged collections. The establishment of libraries was widespread throughout Canada and was furthered by grants provided by the Canada Council and the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council, which sought to enhance library collections. Since many academic libraries were constructed after World War II, a majority of the Canadian academic libraries that were built before 1940 that had not been updated to modern lighting, air conditioning, etc., are either no longer in use or are on the verge of decline. The total number of college and university libraries increased from 31 in 1959–1960 to 105 in 1969–1970.
Following the growth of academic libraries in Canada during the 1960s, there was a brief period of sedation, which directly resulted from some significant budgetary issues. These academic libraries were faced with cost issues relating to the recently developed service of interlibrary lending and the high costs of periodicals on acquisition budgets, which affected overall acquisition budgeting and ultimately public collections. Canadian academic libraries faced consistent problems relating to insufficient supplies and an overall lack of coordination among collections.
Academic libraries within Canada might not have flourished or continued to be strengthened without the help of outside organizations. The Ontario Council of University Libraries (OCUL) was established in 1967 to promote unity among Canadian academic libraries. The Ontario College and University Library Association (OCULA) is attached to the Ontario Library Association (OLA) and is concerned with representing academic librarians regarding issues shared in the academic library setting.
Europe.
Among the earliest academic libraries in Europe are Bodleian Library at the University of Oxford (founded in 1602), the Library of Trinity College Dublin (founded in 1592), and Vilnius University Library in Lithuania (founded in 1570).
Unlike U.S. academic libraries, many academic libraries in Europe do not have open stacks like American academic libraries do, which can also apply to an institution's general collections. Although some European academic libraries utilize a classification system similar to or based upon the Dewey Decimal Classification (DDC) used in the U.S., European academic libraries sometimes develop their own systems to organize their collections.
Modern academic libraries.
Academic libraries have transformed in the 21st century to focus less on physical collection development, information access, and digital resources. Today's academic libraries typically provide access to subscription-based online resources, including research databases and ebook collections, in addition to physical books and journals. Academic libraries also offer space for students to work and study, in groups or individually, on "silent floors" and reference and research help services, sometimes including virtual reference services. Some academic libraries lend out technology such as video cameras, iPads, and calculators. Many academic libraries have remodeled to reflect this changing focus as learning commons. Academic libraries and learning commons often house tutoring, writing centers, and other academic services.
A major focus of modern academic libraries is information literacy instruction, with most American academic libraries employing a person or department of people dedicated primarily to instruction. Many academic institutions offer faculty status to librarians, and librarians are often expected to publish research in their field. Academic librarian positions in the United States usually require an MLIS degree from an ALA-accredited institution.

</doc>
<doc id="6906427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906427" title="Route 87 (Virginia)">
Route 87 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6906428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906428" title="State Route 87 (Virginia)">
State Route 87 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6906433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906433" title="State Route 337 (Virginia pre-1928)">
State Route 337 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6906437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906437" title="Route 337 (Virginia pre-1928)">
Route 337 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="6906438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906438" title="Global temperature">
Global temperature



</doc>
<doc id="6906443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906443" title="Froggy (brand)">
Froggy (brand)

Froggy is a brand name radio format used for a variety of radio stations in the United States, most of which broadcast a country music format, with a few playing adult contemporary. (There was, however, an oldies-themed "Froggy" in Erie, Pennsylvania: the former WFGO; that station has since changed format and calls in 2007. Another oldies-based Froggy station, KFGI in Austin, Texas, changed formats in 1994.) Although the frog logo is shared among these stations, most of them are not associated with one another. The "Froggy" branding is particularly common among country stations currently or formerly owned by Forever Broadcasting or Forever Communications and Keymarketradio LLC, companies founded by Froggy creator Kerby Confer.
Origin.
The Froggy format was conceived by Kerby Confer in 1988. Previously, Confer created a variety of country radio station brands such as "Kissin'" (KSSN in Little Rock, Arkansas) and "Beaver" (WBVR-FM in Bowling Green, Kentucky). "Froggy" was first installed on WFRG-FM in Utica, New York, on February 1, 1988, with the branding "96 Frog". (The format and call letters have since switched frequencies and the station is now known as "Big Frog 104".) Other Froggy stations soon followed, including KFRG in Riverside-San Bernardino, California, and WFGY in Altoona, Pennsylvania. For his work in developing the Froggy format, Confer was inducted into the Pennsylvania Radio Broadcasters Hall of Fame in 2003 and the Country Radio Hall of Fame in 2016.
General theme.
The Froggy branded radio station uses jargon saturated with frog-related puns. Station disc jockey pseudonyms and program elements bear names making reference to things such as where the frog lives (in a pond), how a frog moves (hops), what noise a frog makes (cricket or ribbit), and other words that are related to frogs.
Examples of the "Froggy" theme use words like the following:
Logo.
For the most part, the logo of a "Froggy" branded radio station is a smiling green frog. The font, color, position and angles can vary, however, the frog is generally green with a red tongue. The variations on the logo include the radio station's frequency as well as whether it is referred to as "Frog", "Big Frog", or "Froggyland".
DJ monikers.
Many DJs at Froggy-branded stations (known as "frog jocks") use pseudonyms that reflect the branding:
Many of the Froggy stations that have the country format used the syndicated evening program "Lia", often putting "Leapin'" in front of her name to "frogify" her, until that show ended production in 2022.
In other media.
The "Froggy" moniker is regularly lampooned on the "Glenn Beck Program"; Beck's alter ego, "Flap Jackson", is the morning jock at the fictional "109.9 The Big Frog".
On the US television series "The Office", there is a Froggy 101 bumper sticker on the wall behind the reception desk and file cabinet, next to the desk of Dwight Schrute. "The Office" is set in Scranton, Pennsylvania, where WGGY uses the moniker "Froggy 101".
Related brands.
Confer's daughter, Kristin Cantrell, established the Bigfoot Country brand for her stations when entering radio ownership. She also eventually acquired a prominent Froggy imitator, The Pig, in 2019. In October 2022, Cantrell's Seven Mountains Media purchased a majority of Forever Media's stations, including six Froggy stations.

</doc>
<doc id="6906449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906449" title="Iron cobra (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Iron cobra (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)



</doc>
<doc id="6906450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906450" title="Route 201 (Virginia pre-1933)">
Route 201 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6906451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906451" title="State Route 201 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 201 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6906452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906452" title="State Route 106 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 106 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6906453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906453" title="Route 106 (Virginia 1933)">
Route 106 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6906455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906455" title="State Route 106 (Virginia pre-1940)">
State Route 106 (Virginia pre-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6906456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906456" title="State Route 87 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 87 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6906458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906458" title="N.C. Highway 87 (1940)">
N.C. Highway 87 (1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6906465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906465" title="Ronald Bracewell">
Ronald Bracewell



</doc>
<doc id="6906469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906469" title="Erythrophleum chlorostachys">
Erythrophleum chlorostachys

Erythrophleum chlorostachys, commonly known as Cooktown ironwood, is a species of leguminous tree endemic to northern Australia.
Description.
The Cooktown ironwood is semi-deciduous, dropping much of its foliage in response to the prolonged winter dry periods which are the norm within its native range. The foliage of the tree contains toxic levels of alkaloids and has been responsible for numerous deaths of both cattle and horses. The species is a source of timber, which is exceptionally hard and dense as well as being highly termite resistant.
Distribution and habitat.
The species occurs from north-eastern Queensland to the Kimberley region of Western Australia. It is found in a wide range of environments, from arid savanna to tropical rainforest.
Usage.
Virtually all culturally modified trees in "Eucalyptus tetrodonta" woodland on Cape York Peninsula are Cooktown ironwoods. Most of these are 'sugar bag scars' where Aboriginal people have cut through the cambium into the heartwood of the tree to remove honey from native bees. Scars have been made using both stone axes (in pre-contact times) and steel axes (post-contact). These have particular significance to Aboriginal people as the tangible representation of past cultural practices. The large number of hollows found in Cooktown ironwoods at Kakadu National Park are also likely to be culturally modified trees (e.g. Taylor 2002 Figure 6.8).

</doc>
<doc id="6906471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906471" title="N.C. Highway 54 (pre-1940)">
N.C. Highway 54 (pre-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6906472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906472" title="EGLF">
EGLF



</doc>
<doc id="6906474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906474" title="Chicken chips">
Chicken chips



</doc>
<doc id="6906486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906486" title="Time for Yesterday">
Time for Yesterday

Time For Yesterday is a science fiction novel by American writer A. C. Crispin set in the fictional "Star Trek" Universe. It is a sequel to Crispin's earlier novel, "Yesterday's Son", and describes a second encounter between the crew of the USS "Enterprise" and Spock's son, Zar.
The two books followed the original series episode "", and "Time For Yesterday" is subtitled The Yesterday Saga, Book 2.
Plot summary.
The Guardian of Forever has malfunctioned and is emitting waves of accelerated time that are causing premature star deaths throughout the galaxy. After Spock recalls that his son Zar was once able to communicate telepathically with the Guardian, the "Enterprise" is placed under the temporary command of Admiral Kirk and detailed to transport a powerful telepath to the Guardian. The telepath manages to partially restore the Guardian's time travel functions but collapses in a comatose state. Using the Guardian, Kirk, Spock, and Dr. McCoy travel into the past of the planet Sarpeidon to find Zar, hoping that his powerful telepathy combined with Vulcan shield training will allow him to successfully restore the Guardian to its normal state.
They find Zar in charge of a small, technologically advanced settlement that is about to engage in a battle with an alliance of less advanced but more numerous enemy clans. His death in the coming battle has been foretold by the priestess Wynn, the daughter of one of the enemy clan chiefs, who declares that the alliance will be denied victory only if "he who is halt walks healed" and "he who is death-struck in battle rises whole." "He who is halt" clearly refers to Zar, who walks with a painful limp because of a leg injury he suffered many years before. In order to increase his city's odds of survival, Zar has Wynn kidnapped and betrothed, forcing her father to change sides. The "Enterprise" men manage to convince him to come back with them and deal with the Guardian, although he insists that he will return afterward to fight in the battle despite the prophecy.
Zar successfully melds with the Guardian and returns its consciousness to its physical structure, along with a burst of energy that turns out to be several beings of pure energy. The Guardian explains that it abandoned its duties to search for its Creators, who long ago evolved into beings of pure energy and entered another dimension. Its fundamental programming required it to answer their summons and bring them home, and the resource drain connected to the search resulted in its apparent malfunction. The Creators are immensely old and senile, and wish to find their home system to die there; but they have forgotten where it is. The Creators assume the form of people drawn from the memories of the "Enterprise" men in order to converse with them. While some of the beings act in a benevolent manner, a few seem capricious and cruel, and even completely deranged. Eventually, Kirk and the others manage to convince them that their search would endanger intelligent life throughout the galaxy, and they re-enter another dimension via the Guardian. The Guardian, with the assistance of Zar and Spock, is able to force the remaining, less rational Creators to comply.
McCoy convinces Zar to undergo treatment and physical therapy aboard the "Enterprise", healing his limp and giving him a greater chance of survival in the coming battle. Zar achieves peak physical condition and is able to walk normally again, fulfilling the first half of Wynn's prophecy. When he returns to Sarpeidon's past, Spock follows him, intending to help save him in the battle. Spock is unable to prevent the death-blow from landing, although he deflects it slightly, and Zar is unconscious but still alive. In order to fulfill the second half of the prophecy, Spock puts on Zar's armor and shows himself to the army, leading them to believe their leader has risen whole from being "death-struck". 
Upon seeing this, most of the remaining clans surrender and Zar's army wins the battle. After ensuring that Zar will survive the blow and leaving him to Wynn's care, Spock returns to the present.
Audio version.
The book is available in an audiobook adaptation read by James Doohan and Leonard Nimoy.
Background.
Crispin said that of the four Star Trek novels she wrote, "Time for Yesterday" was the one of which she was most proud, "because it was a prequel to Wrath of Khan, my favorite Trek film. Also, it was fun to write a love story for Zar."
Reception.
Ellen Cheeseman-Meyer of Tor.com described the "Yesterday Saga" as "both precious and hilarious."

</doc>
<doc id="6906490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906490" title="Open reel">
Open reel



</doc>
<doc id="6906500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906500" title="State Route 87 (Virginia 1933-1940)">
State Route 87 (Virginia 1933-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6906504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906504" title="St. Louis Brown Stockings (1876-1877)">
St. Louis Brown Stockings (1876-1877)



</doc>
<doc id="6906505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906505" title="South Puget Sound Community College">
South Puget Sound Community College

South Puget Sound Community College is a public community college in southwest Olympia, Washington. The college contains and is serving about 5,300 full and part-time students as of the fall 2020 quarter.
The school offers transfer associate degree programs, transition studies program, professional technical programs, and corporate and continuing education programs. As of fall 2020, SPSCC offers 78 degrees and certificates in 30 areas. It also offers short-term study abroad program designed by the Washington State Community College Consortium for Study Abroad (WCCCSA).
In 2021, SPSCC was named among the nations' 150 best community colleges by the Aspen Institute, which is determined by student outcomes in learning, completion rates, employments rates and incomes, and equity.
History.
South Puget Sound Community College was established in 1962 as Olympia Vocational Technical Institute (OVTI) located at the old Montgomery Ward Building in downtown Olympia. The Olympia school board had been working since 1957 to widen education opportunity in the Olympia area for adults, originally via classes offered at Olympia High School. By 1966, technical training expanded to 14 fields in respect to Olympia citizens' requests. The Community College Act of 1967 gave the Olympia Vocational Institute the option to either remain with Olympia School District or to merge into the community college system. The school decided to join the community college system, merging into district 12 under the control of Centralia Community College, becoming Olympia Technical Community College (OTCC) in 1976.
By 1982, a few hundred students were first awarded Associate of Arts Degree and more programs were added at the school. In 1984, college was renamed South Puget Sound Community College to reflect its progressive record.
Academics.
Transfer Degrees.
Many SPSCC students transfer to a 4-year university or college as a college junior after earning an Associate’s Degree with 90 credits at SPSCC. Under the direct transfer agreement (DTA), many Washington State colleges, out-of-state colleges accept DTA degree. In the year 2017-2018, 77% of DTA graduates have transferred to public institutions in Washington state, 11% transferred to out-of-state public institutions, and 10% transferred to other private institutions. Direct transfer degree includes Associate in Arts, Associate in Biology, Associate in Business, Associate in Computer Science, Associate in Music, Associate in Nursing, and Associate in Pre Nursing. In addition to those direct transfer degrees, an Associate in Science degree is also offered.
Transition Studies Program.
Transition Studies Program courses includes Adult Basic Education (ABE), Integrated Basic Education and Skills Training program (I-BEST), HS+ (High School+), GED preparation classes, and the English as a Second Language (ESL) program.
Professional Technical Program.
The Professional Technical Program offers 20 programs designed for gaining technical skills for future careers or to prepare for a new career. After the completion of the program, students can earn Associate in Applied Science degree or a certification.
Corporate and Continuing Education.
The Corporate and Continuing Education program offers classes that are dedicated to specific skills such as consulting, personal training, and start-up training for students to learn and acquire in accordance with their interests.
Student media.
A student-led magazine, "The Sounds", is provided approximately once a month, throughout the school. The change from newspaper to magazine happened in 2019. "The Sounds" provides news related to Campus life, Community, Arts &amp; Entertainment, and Op-ed.
Hawks Prairie Campus (Lacey Campus).
A satellite campus (referred to as the Hawks Prairie Campus) was located in the neighboring city of Lacey at the Hawks Prairie center until spring of 2015. It has since been replaced by the new Lacey Campus. As well as the programs offered at the Olympia campus, it also offers for-credit courses, and courses that are oriented to varying quarterly and real-life themes. In addition, Center for Business and Innovation (CB&amp;I), dedicated to promoting Business innovation and growth is located in the Lacey campus.
Athletics.
South Puget Sound Community College competes in the Northwest Athletic Conference (NWAC) as the Clippers, fielding a men's and women's soccer team, a women's volleyball team and men's and women's teams for basketball.
In 2021, women's soccer team was introduced to SPSCC by the Clipper Athletics Program.
In 2021, students from Women's Volleyball and Men's Soccer were selected for the Northwest Athletic Conference (NWAC) West Region All-Star Teams.

</doc>
<doc id="6906510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906510" title="Raid (band)">
Raid (band)

Raid were a Tennessee based vegan straight edge hardcore punk band that formed after the break-up of the hardcore band One Way. Raid were a part of the Hardline subculture, which combined the tenets of straight edge (a no drugs, no alcohol lifestyle) with militant veganism and environmentalism.
History.
Along with the Californian band Vegan Reich and the English band, Statement, Raid helped pioneer the vegan straight edge movement and the hardline lifestyle and ideology.
Their lyrics strongly expressed of their stance against drugs, alcohol, abortion, sexism and racism, and for animal liberation and radical ecology. Their output started as fairly conventional hardcore punk, which gradually evolved to incorporate elements of heavy metal and they effectively became spokesmen for the Hardline movement.
In 1989, they self-released a demo tape and this led to a seven-inch EP called "Words of War" a year later through Vegan Reich's own label, Hardline Records. The band split as they moved away from the straight edge lifestyle, but not before recording one last session. The recordings were released by Hardline Records as the posthumous "Above The Law" LP and CD in 1994. This was later re-released in 1995 by Victory Records as the "Hands Off the Animals" CD.
Discography.
Albums
EPs

</doc>
<doc id="6906521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906521" title="EGJB">
EGJB



</doc>
<doc id="6906525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906525" title="Toula, Zgharta">
Toula, Zgharta

Toula () is a small village in North Lebanon in Zgharta District (or Quadaa). It is above sea level and is primarily a recreational village. Descendants of the original full-time residents of Toula do not reside in Toula during the winter months. Heavy snow fall typically makes Toula's mountainous roads inaccessible. However, Toula's original families used to occupy the village on a year-round basis. Settling families and early residents developed a climatic tolerance and adapted to Toula's harsh winter months.
Demographics.
Toula has an estimated approximate population of 1,000. The last national census was conducted in 1932.
At the beginning of the 20th century, similar to other Lebanese towns and cities, these village residents emigrated to different locations around the world. Significant numbers have emigrated to the United States, Canada, Australia, Argentina and Brazil. A distinctive percentage of current village residents have achieved secondary education and professional school levels. [cite pending] Census reports indicated that a high proportion of these residents hold professional degrees in medicine, law, engineering and education. Additionally, numerous business entrepreneurs are village residents.
Economy.
Toula's topography has earned the village a country-wide reputation for its productive fertile soil. Fertile soil and climatic conditions together, produce high quality agricultural products. Representative products are tomatoes, cucumbers, apples, pears, apricots, and grapes. Residents also produce an alcoholic beverage made from high grade varieties of grapes and anise. The alcoholic distilled beverage Arak is produced primarily for use by residents. The aniseed-flavored Arak is the national, cultural drink of Lebanon.
Religion.
The village population consists almost exclusively of Lebanese Maronite Catholics, who staunchly preserve their Maronite heritage founded under St. Charbel of Lebanon.
The patron saint of Toula is known as Saint Assia (مار أسيا) . Toulanians build a church in its honor in the middle of the village.
The village is popular for its Saint Assia annual summer festival, held the last Sunday of September. The Saint Assia summer festival is celebrated with an outdoor party, where Arak, Lebanese cultural dancing, tolling the St. Assia Church bell and cultural cuisine, Hrissi, are a part of the festivities.

</doc>
<doc id="6906527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906527" title="EGFE">
EGFE



</doc>
<doc id="6906529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906529" title="HAW">
HAW



</doc>
<doc id="6906537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906537" title="EGTU">
EGTU



</doc>
<doc id="6906541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906541" title="Marvin The Martain">
Marvin The Martain



</doc>
<doc id="6906542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906542" title="Abi Ofarim">
Abi Ofarim

Abi Ofarim (born Avraham Reichstadt; ; October 5, 1937 – May 4, 2018) was an Israeli musician and dancer. He is better known for his work in the 1960s as half of the duo Esther &amp; Abi Ofarim with his then-wife Esther Ofarim.
Life and career.
Early life.
Abi Ofarim was born Avraham Reichstadt in Safed, Galilee, in what was then the British mandate of Palestine on October 5, 1937. Upon Israel's independence in 1948, he attended ballet school and made his stage debut in Haifa in 1952. By the age of 17, he was arranging his own choreography, and by 18 had his own dance studio. He was then recruited to serve in the Israeli army during the Suez crisis and the Sinai war.
Esther &amp; Abi Ofarim.
In December 1958, Reichstadt married Esther Zaied. He achieved international fame performing with her as a musical duo Esther &amp; Abi Ofarim in the 1960s, playing the guitar and singing backing vocals. The couple relocated to Geneva, then eventually to Germany. In 1966, they had their first hit in Germany with "Noch einen Tanz". Their greatest success in Germany came the next year with "Morning of my Life", written by the Bee Gees. In 1968, "Cinderella Rockefella" hit the top of the charts in a number of countries including the UK. The duo played live concerts in New York City and London, and they toured Europe before separating in 1969.
Solo career.
Abi Ofarim continued performing and recording in Europe. He also worked as a manager, composer, and arranger. In 1970, Ofarim launched his own record production and music publishing company Prom Music. He also worked with Liberty/United Artists Records in Munich. In 1972, he released an album with British singer Tom Winter. In 1975, Ofarim left Prom, selling his interest to ex-partner Yehuda Zwick.
His book, "Der Preis der wilden Jahre" ("The Price of the Wild Years") was first published in 1982. That year, Ofarim released the album "Much Too Much" on RCA Records in Germany. He released an album, "Too Much Of Something", in 2009.
Beginning in April 2014, Ofarim ran a "Jugendzentrum für Senioren" ("Youth Center for Elderly People") in Munich, a social project against poverty and solitude of the elderly, together with his organization "Kinder von Gestern e. V." ("Children of Yesterday").
Personal life.
Relationships and children.
Ofarim married Esther Ofarim (née Zaied) on December 11, 1958. After their divorce in 1970, he accused her of "egotism and snobbery." He dated German singer Susan Avilés and actress Iris Berben, before remarrying twice. His third marriage was to Sandra (Sandy) Reichstadt, who he divorced in 2004. Their sons, Gil Ofarim and Tal Ofarim, are also musicians. Gil Ofarim is the front man of the band Zoo Army.
Drug addiction and legal issues.
After his divorce from Esther Ofarim, Abi Ofarim developed a cocaine and alcohol addiction. In 1979, he was arrested for possession of narcotics and tax evasion. He spent a month in prison and a year on probation.
Health issues and death.
In 2017, Abi Ofarim developed pneumonia. He made a recovery and was able to return to his home in Munich to celebrate his 80th birthday in October 2017.
Ofarim died aged 80 in Munich after a long illness on May 4, 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="6906546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906546" title="EGNS">
EGNS



</doc>
<doc id="6906547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906547" title="The Berenstain Bears' Media Madness">
The Berenstain Bears' Media Madness



</doc>
<doc id="6906550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906550" title="KSFT">
KSFT

KSFT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6906551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906551" title="First Celtiberian War">
First Celtiberian War

The First Celtiberian War (181–179 BC) was the first of three major rebellions by the Celtiberians against the Roman presence in Hispania. The other two were the Second Celtiberian War (154–151 BC) and the Numantine War (143–133 BC). Hispania was the name the Romans gave to the Iberian Peninsula. The peninsula was inhabited by various ethnic groups and numerous tribes. The Celtiberians were a confederation of five tribes, which lived in a large area of east central Hispania, to the west of Hispania Citerior. The eastern part of their territory shared a stretch of the border of this Roman province. The Celtiberian tribes were the Pellendones, the Arevaci, the Lusones, the Titti and the Belli. 
The Romans took over the territories of the Carthaginians in southern Hispania when they defeated them at the Battle of Ilipa in 206 BC during the Second Punic War (218–201 BC). After the war they remained and in 197 BC they established two Roman colonies: Hispania Citerior (Nearer Spain) along most of the east coast, an area roughly corresponding to the modern autonomous communities of Aragon, Catalonia and Valencia, and Hispania Ulterior (Further Spain) in the south, roughly corresponding to modern Andalusia. There were numerous rebellions by many tribes of Hispania, including tribes both inside and outside Roman territory, in most years for a period of 98 years, until the end of the First Celtiberian War in 179 BC. For details of these rebellions see the Roman conquest of Hispania article.
The First Celtiberian War (181–179 BC).
The siege of Aebura (Carpetania) (181 BC).
The praetors Publius Manlius and Quintus Fulvius Flaccus were given military command for Hispania Ulterior and Citerior respectively in 182 BC and this was extended to 181 BC. They received reinforcements of 3,000 Roman and 6,000 allied infantry and 200 Roman and 300 allied cavalry. The Celtiberians gathered 35,000 men. Livy wrote: ‘hardly ever before had they raised so large a force’. Quintus Fulvius Flaccus drew as many auxiliary troops from the friendly tribes as he could, but his numbers were inferior. He went to Carpetania (in south central Hispania, to the south Celtiberia) and encamped near Aebura (Talavera de la Reina, in western part of the modern province of Toledo; it was at the edge of the territory of the Vettones). He sent a small detachment to occupy the town. A few days later the Celtiberians encamped at the foot of a hill two miles from the Romans. The praetor sent his brother, Marcus Fulvius, with two squadrons of native cavalry for reconnaissance with instructions to get as close to the enemy rampart as possible to get an idea of the size of the camp. If enemy's cavalry spotted him he was to withdraw. For a few days nothing happened. Then the Celtiberian army drew up midway between the two camps, but the Romans did not respond. For four days, this continued. After this both sides withdrew to their camps. Both cavalries went out on patrol and collected wood at the rear of their camps without interfering with each other.
When the praetor thought that the enemy would not expect action, he sent Lucius Acilius to go around the hill behind the enemy camp with a contingent of troops of Latin allies and 6,000 native auxiliaries with orders to assault the camp. They marched at night to elude detection. At dawn Lucius Acilius sent Gaius Scribonius, the commander of the allies, to the enemy rampart with his cavalry. When the Celtiberians saw them they sent out their cavalry and signaled their infantry to advance. Gaius Scribonius turned round and made for the Roman camp as per instructions. When Quintus Fulvius Flaccus thought that the Celtiberians were sufficiently drawn away from their camp he advanced with his army, which had been drawn up in three separate corps behind the rampart. Meanwhile, the cavalry on the hill charged down, as instructed, on the enemy camp, which had no more than 5,000 guarding it. The camp was taken with little resistance. Acilius set fire to that part of it which could be seen from the battlefield. Word spread through the Celtiberian line that the camp was lost, throwing them into indecision. They then resumed the fight, as it was their only hope. The Celtiberian centre was hard pressed by the Fifth Legion. However, they advanced against the Roman left flank, which had native auxiliaries, and would have overrun it had the Seventh Legion not come to its aid. The troops which were at Aebura turned up and, as Acilius was at the enemy's rear, the Celtiberians were sandwiched and cut to pieces; 23,000 died and 4,700 were captured. On the other side, 200 Romans, 800 allies and 2,400 native auxiliaries fell. Aebura was seized.
Flaccus campaigns in Celtiberia (180–179 BC).
Quintus Fulvius Flaccus then marched across Carpetania and went to Contrebia. The townsfolk sent for Celtiberian assistance, but it did not come and they surrendered. The Celtiberians had been delayed by incessant winter rain which caused floods and made the roads impassable and the rivers difficult to cross. Heavy storms forced Flaccus to move his army into the city. When the rain stopped the Celtiberians went on the march without knowing about the city's surrender. They saw no Roman camp and thought that it had been moved elsewhere or that the Romans had withdrawn. They approached the city without taking precautions and without proper formation. The Romans made a sortie from the two city gates. Caught by surprise the Celtiberians were routed. Not being in formation made resistance impossible, but it helped the majority to escape. Still, 12,000 men died and 5,000 men and 400 horses were captured. The fugitives bumped into another body of Celtiberians on its way to Contrebia which, on being told about the defeat, dispersed. Quintus Fulvius marched through Celtiberian territory, ravaged the countryside and stormed many forts until the Celtiberians surrendered.
In 180 BC the praetor Tiberius Sempronius Gracchus was assigned the command of Hispania Citerior and the conduct of the war with the Celtiberians. Around this time, messengers arrived in Rome, bringing news of the Celtiberian surrender. They then told the senate that there was no need to send subsidies for the army, as Hispania Citerior was now able to sustain itself, and requested that Flaccus be allowed to bring back his army. Livy wrote that this was a must because the soldiers were determined to go back home and it seemed impossible to keep them in Hispania any longer, to the point where they might mutiny if not withdrawn. Tiberius Gracchus objected to this because he did not want to lose the veterans. A compromise was reached: Gracchus was ordered to levy two legions (5,200 infantry but only 400 cavalry instead of the usual 600) and an additional 1,000 infantry and 50 cavalry plus 7,000 Latin infantry and 300 cavalry (a total of 13,200 infantry and 750 cavalry); meanwhile, Flaccus was allowed to bring back home veterans who had been sent to Hispania before 186 BC, while those who arrived after that date were to remain. He could bring back any excess over Gracchus' assigned force of 14,000 infantry and 600 cavalry.
Since his successor was late, Flaccus started a third campaign against the Celtiberians who had not surrendered, ravaging the more distant parts of Celtiberia. The Celtiberians responded by secretly gathering an army to strike at the Manlian Pass, through which the Romans would have needed to pass. However, Gracchus told his colleague, Lucius Postumius, to inform Flaccus that he had nearly arrived from Rome, and that Flaccus was to bring his army to Tarraco (Tarragona), where Gracchus would disband the old army and incorporate the new troops. In the wake of this news, Flaccus abandoned his campaign and withdrew from Celtiberia. The Celtiberians thought that Flaccus was fleeing because he had become aware of their rebellion and continued to prepare their trap at the Manlian Pass. When the Romans entered the pass they were attacked on both sides. Quintus Fulvius ordered his men to hold their ground. The pack animals and the baggage were piled up in one place. The battle was desperate. The native auxiliaries could not hold their ground against men who were armed in the same way but were a better class of soldiers. Seeing that their regular order of battle was no match for the Roman legions, the Celtiberians bore down on them in wedge formation and almost broke their line. Flaccus ordered the Legion's cavalry to close ranks and charge the enemy wedge with loose reins, breaking the wedge and throwing the enemy into disarray. The apparent success of the tactic inspired the native auxiliary cavalry to also let their horses loose on the enemy. The enemy, now routed, scattered through the whole defile. The Celtiberians lost 17,000 men; 4,000 men and 600 horses were captured; 472 Romans, 1,019 Latin allies and 3,000 native auxiliaries died. The Romans encamped outside the pass and marched to Tarraco the next day. Tiberius Sempronius Gracchus had landed two days earlier. The two commanders selected the soldiers who were to be discharged and those who were to remain. Flaccus returned to Rome with his veterans and Gracchus went to Celtiberia.
In his account of this war, Appian wrote that the rebellion was by the tribes which lived along the River Iberus (the Greek name for the Ebro), including the Lusones (a small Celtiberian tribe in the north of Celtiberia, in the high Tajuña River valley, northeast of Guadalajara). He held that the rebellion was caused by the tribes having insufficient land. Whether this was the actual cause of the war is uncertain. He wrote that Quintus Fulvius defeated these tribes. Most of them scattered but those which were destitute and nomadic fled to Complega, a newly built and fortified city which had grown rapidly. They sent messengers who demanded that Flaccus compensate them with a sagos (a Celtic word for cloak), a horse and a sword for every man who was killed in the battle and that the Romans leave Hispania or suffer the consequences. Flaccus said that he would give them plenty of cloaks, followed the messengers and encamped in front of the city. The inhabitants, feeling intimidated, fled and plundered the fields of the neighbouring tribes along their way.
Gracchus and Albinus campaigns in the Celtiberia (179 BC).
In 179 BC, Gracchus and Lucius Postumius Albinus, who was in charge of the other Roman province (Hispania Ulterior), had their commands extended. They were reinforced with 3,000 Roman and 5,000 Latin infantry and 300 Roman and 400 Latin cavalry. They planned a joint operation. Albinus, whose province had been quiet, was to march against the Vaccaei (a people who lived to the east of Celtiberia) via eastern Lusitania and return to Celtiberia if there was a greater war there, while Gracchus was to head into the furthest part of Celtiberia. He first took the city of Munda by storm with an unexpected attack at night. He took hostages, left a garrison and burned the countryside until he reached the powerful town which the Celtiberians called Certima. A delegation from the town arrived while he was preparing the siege machines. They did not disguise the fact that they would fight to the end if they had the strength, as they asked to be allowed to go to the Celtiberian camp at Alce to ask for help. If this was rejected they would consult among themselves. Gracchus gave them permission. After a few days they returned with ten other envoys. They asked for something to drink. Then they asked for a second cup. Livy wrote that this caused 'laughter at such uncultured ignorance of all etiquette’. Then the oldest man said that they had been sent to enquire what the Romans relied on to attack them. Gracchus replied that he relied on an excellent army and invited them to see it for themselves. He ordered the entire army to march in review under arms. The envoys left and discouraged their people from sending aid to the besieged city. The townsfolk surrendered. An indemnity was imposed on them and they had to give forty young nobles to serve in the Roman army as a pledge of loyalty.
After Certima, Tiberius Gracchus went to Alce, where the Celtiberian camp the envoys had come from was. For a few days he just harassed the enemy by sending larger and larger contingents of skirmishers against their outposts, hoping to draw the enemy out. When the enemy responded he ordered the native auxiliaries to offer only slight resistance and then retreat hastily to the camp, pretending that they had been overwhelmed. He placed his men behind the gates of the rampant of the camp. When the enemy pursued the retreating units in a disorderly manner and came to close range, the Romans came out from all the gates. Caught by surprise, the enemy was routed and lost 9,000 men and 320 men and 112 horses where captured; 109 Romans fell. Gracchus then marched further into Celtiberia, which he plundered. The tribes submitted. In a few days 103 towns surrendered. He then returned to Alce and begun to besiege the city. The townsfolk resisted the first assaults, but when the siege engines were deployed they withdrew to the citadel and then sent envoys to offer their surrender. Many nobles were taken, including the two sons and the daughter of "Thurru", a Celtiberian chief. According to Livy he was by far the most powerful man in Hispania. Thurru asked for safe conduct to visit Tiberius Gracchus. He asked him whether he and his family would be allowed to live. When Gracchus replied affirmatively he asked if he was allowed to serve with the Romans. Gracchus granted this. From then on Thurru followed and helped the Romans in many places.
Ergavica, another powerful Celtiberian city, was alarmed about the defeats of its neighbours and opened its gates to the Romans. Livy noted that some of his sources held that these surrenders were in bad faith because whenever Gracchus left hostilities resumed and there was also a major battle near Mons Chaunus (probably Moncayo Massif), which lasted from dawn to midday with many casualties on both sides. His sources also claimed that three days later there was a bigger battle which cost the defeated Celtiberians 22,000 casualties and the capture of 300 men and 300 horses, a decisive defeat which ended the war in earnest. Livy also noted that according to these sources Lucius Postumius Albinus won a great battle against the Vaccaei, killing 35,000. Livy thought that ‘it would be nearer the truth to say that he arrived in his province too late in the summer to undertake a campaign’. Livy did not give any explanation for his doubts about this information about Lucius Postumius Albinus. He did not write anything about his campaigns on his own authority either. However, in an earlier passage, Livy wrote that he arrived in Hispania before Tiberius Gracchus, who gave him a message with instructions for his predecessor, Quintus Fulvius Flaccus.
Appian wrote about two more episodes about the campaign of Tiberius Gracchus. He wrote that the city of Caravis (Magallon, in north-western Aragon), an ally of Rome, was besieged by 20,000 Celtiberians. Gracchus was informed that it would fall soon. He hurried there, but he could not alert them that he was nearby. The commander of the cavalry, Cominius, had the idea of wearing a Hispanic sagum (a military cloak), mingling in the enemy camp and making his way to the town. He informed the townsfolk that Gracchus was nearby and told them to hold out a bit longer. Three days later Gracchus attacked the besiegers, who fled. At about the same time, the people of the town of Complega (location unknown) which, had 20,000 inhabitants, went to Gracchus’ camp pretending to be peace negotiators. They attacked unexpectedly, throwing the Romans into disarray. Gracchus quickly abandoned the camp in a feigned retreat, and then turned on them while they were plundering the camp, killing most of them. He went on to seize Complega. He then allocated land to the poor and made carefully defined treaties with the surrounding tribes and the surrounding country, binding them to be friends of Rome.
Gracchus founded the colony (settlement) of Gracchurris (Alfaro, in La Rioja, northern Hispania) in the Upper Ebro Valley. This marked the beginning of Roman influence in northern Hispania. It was thought that this was the only colony he founded. However, in the 1950s an inscription was found near Mangibar, on the banks of the River Baetis (Guadalquivir) which attests that he founded another one. It was Iliturgi, a mining town and a frontier outpost. Gracchus therefore established a colony outside his province as it was in Hispania Ulterior.
Aftermath.
Appian wrote that Gracchus' ‘treaties were longed for in subsequent wars’. Unlike previous praetors he spent time negotiating and cultivating personal relations with tribal leaders. This was reminiscent of the friendly relations established by Scipio Africanus during the Second Punic War. Gracchus imposed the vicensima, the requisition of 5% of the grain harvest, a form of tax which was more efficient and less vulnerable to abuse than the usual Roman practice of delegating tax collection to private ‘tax farmers.’ Silva notes this is the first reference to a regulatory collection of revenue. His treaties stipulated that the allies were to provide the Romans with auxiliary troops. They also established that the natives could fortify existing cities, but not found new ones. There is some evidence that he introduced civilian administrative measures, such as the issuing of rights for mining to mint coins and the construction of roads. Gracchus is remembered for his administrative arrangements which ensured peace in the conquered territory for the next quarter of a century.
Apart from a few minor episodes, Hispania remained quiet until the outbreak of the Lusitanian War (155–150 BC) and the Second Celtiberian War (154–151 BC).

</doc>
<doc id="6906554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906554" title="EGJJ">
EGJJ



</doc>
<doc id="6906557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906557" title="Australian bull ray">
Australian bull ray



</doc>
<doc id="6906559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906559" title="EGBP">
EGBP



</doc>
<doc id="6906563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906563" title="Tephillin">
Tephillin



</doc>
<doc id="6906564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906564" title="Michael Harrison">
Michael Harrison

Michael or Mike Harrison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6906569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906569" title="Myliobatis australis">
Myliobatis australis



</doc>
<doc id="6906571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906571" title="Fyodorovskaya Church">
Fyodorovskaya Church

The Fyodorovskaya Church (Фёдоровская церковь) is a penticupolar parish Russian Orthodox church built by ordinary parishioners on the right bank of the Kotorosl River in Yaroslavl between 1682 and 1687. It is dedicated to Theotokos Feodorovskaya, a miraculous icon from nearby Kostroma. 
The building is notable as the first church in the region to be returned by the Soviets to the Russian Orthodox Church (in 1987). It served as the cathedral church of the ancient Yaroslavl-Rostov eparchy until the restored Dormition Cathedral was consecrated in 2010. During this period the relics of St. Theodore the Black and other local saints were kept there.
History.
A parish chronicle from the 18th century survives. It indicates that it was the Mother of God who appeared to a paralyzed parishioner, Ivan, and commanded the building of a church in Her name. Ivan was instructed to sail down the Volga to Kostroma and ask Guriy Nikitin, a famous icon painter, to make a replica of the miraculous icon of the Theotokos. This new image eventually helped cure Ivan, among many others.
The parishioners decided to model the new church on that of the Ascension of Christ. Its exterior ornamentation is basic but proportions are graceful. The elongated drums and domes are considerably higher than the cuboid structure of the church that supports them. An enclosed gallery and a porch were added to the main cube in the first third of the 18th century. 
The interior is of traditional design. It has four piers and is entirely covered in frescoes dating from 1716. The intricately carved icon screen was made in 1705. Some of the icons are noted for their complex calendar and cosmological codes.
The church compound is fenced and has a smaller church with a belfry on the north side. This single-dome Penskaya church is dedicated to St. Nicholas, a patron saint of merchants. There is also a baptistery of recent construction on the grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="6906573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906573" title="EGET">
EGET



</doc>
<doc id="6906576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906576" title="LWK">
LWK



</doc>
<doc id="6906579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906579" title="The Knights of the Fish">
The Knights of the Fish

The Knights of the Fish (Spanish: "Los Caballeros del Pez") is a Spanish fairy tale collected by Fernán Caballero in "Cuentos. Oraciones y Adivinas". Andrew Lang included it in "The Brown Fairy Book". A translation was published in "Golden Rod Fairy Book". Another version of the tale appears in "A Book of Enchantments and Curses" by Ruth Manning-Sanders.
It is classified in the Aarne–Thompson–Uther Index as type 303 ("The Twins or Blood Brothers"). Most tales of the sort begin with the father catching a talking fish thrice and, in the third time, the animal asks to be sacrificed and fed to the fisherman's wife and horses, and for his remains to be buried underneath a tree. By doing so, twins are born to him and his wife, as well as two foals and two trees. It is also classified as ATU 300 ("The Dragon-Slayer"), a widespread tale.
Synopsis.
An industrious but poor cobbler tried to fish until he was so hungry that he thought he would hang himself if he caught nothing. He caught a beautiful fish. It told him to cook it and then give two pieces to his wife, and bury two more in the garden. He did this. His wife gave birth to twin boys, and two plants sprang up, bearing shields, in the garden.
When the boys were grown, they decided to travel. At a crossroad, they parted ways. One found a city grieving, because every year a maiden had to be offered up to a dragon, and this year the lot had fallen on the princess. He went to see where the princess was, and then left her to fetch a mirror. He told her to cover it with her veil and hide behind it; when the dragon approached, she was to tear the veil off. She did, and the dragon stared at his rival, identical to him. He threatened it until he finally smashed it to pieces, but as every fragment reflected him, he thought he too had been smashed. While the dragon was still baffled, the knight killed it. The king married him to his daughter.
The princess then showed him all over the country. He saw a castle of black marble, and was warned that whoever went to it never returned. He set out the next day. When he blew his horn and struck the gate, a woman finally opened the door. Echoes warned him off. He lifted his helmet, and the woman, who was an evil witch, let him in because he was so handsome. She told him that she would marry him, but he refused. The witch showed him over the castle and suddenly killed him by dropping him through a trapdoor.
His brother came to the city, and was taken for him. He kept quiet, so he could help his brother, and told the princess that he had to go back to the castle. He demanded to know what happened to his brother, and the echoes told him the truth. With this knowledge, as soon as he met the witch, he stabbed her with his sword. The dying witch then beg him to save her life with magical plants from the garden. He found the bodies of his brother and the witch's previous victims, and restored them to life using the magic plants. He also found a cave full of maidens who had been killed by the dragon, reviving them too. After they all left, the witch died and her castle collapsed.
Motifs.
The motif of the demand for sacrifice of youngsters of either sex happens in the Greek myth of Theseus and the Minotaur. However, a specific variant, where the dragon or serpent demands the sacrifice of young maidens or princesses is shared by many tales or legends all over the world: Japanese tale of Susanoo-no-Mikoto and the eight-headed serpent Orochi; Chinese folktale of "Li Ji Slays the Great Serpent", attested in Soushen Ji, a 4th century compilation of stories, by Gan Bao.
The myth of Perseus and Andromeda is an archaic reflex of the princess and dragon theme: for disrespecting the Nereids, sea god Poseidon demands in sacrifice the life of the Ethiopian princess Andromeda to the sea monster Cetus. She is thus chained to a rock afloat in the sea, but is rescued by semi-divine hero Perseus. A similar event happens in the story of Trojan princess Hesione.
The many-headed serpent enemy shares similarities with Greek mythic creature Hydra, defeated by Heracles as part of his Twelve Labors. An episode of a battle with the dragon also occurs in several fairy tales: The Three Dogs, The Two Brothers, The Merchant (fairy tale), The Bold Knight, the Apples of Youth, and the Water of Life, The Three Princes and their Beasts, The Thirteenth Son of the King of Erin, Georgic and Merlin, the epic feats of Dobrynya Nikitich, the Polish legend of the Wawel Dragon.
The motif of the birth of twin boys by eating a magical fish shares similarities with a practice involving flower petals, as seen in the ATU 711, "The Beautiful and the Ugly Twin" (Tatterhood).
Variants.
Origins.
Greek folklorist listed several conflicting theories that different scholars have proposed for the origins of the tale type (ATU 303): some see a possible connection with the Ancient Egyptian story "Tale of Two Brothers"; suggested a origin in the Byzantine period (300-1500 CE); Wolfgang Hierse indicated the Eastern Mediterranean, during the Hellenistic period.
According to scholar Christine Goldberg, studies on both tale types ATU 300 and ATU 303 using the historic-geographic method concluded that type 300 has "old elements", but the "modern form" originated in medieval times, while type 303 is more recent because it included type 300 within its narrative. Kurt Ranke, for example, supposed that type 303 originated in Western Europe, in France, during medieval times.
In Kurt Ranke's 1934 analysis, he noted that type 300 is "often" inserted into the narrative of type 303, "The Twin Brothers". In addition, he noticed that, despite the variability in the structure of tale type 300, its "essential components" were the three magic attacking dogs, the fight with the monster and the false hero that claims the credit for the deed and is punished.
Distribution.
German scholar Kurt Ranke, who authored one of the definitive studies on the tale type ATU 303, analysed some 770 variants. As researcher Richard M. Dorson put it, the tale type "is well distributed throughout Europe and densely reported from Finland, Ireland, Germany, France, and Hungary.".
Variants are also found in Africa, such as "The Twin Brothers" from French Congo; "Rombao", from Quelimane; "The Twins", from the Yoruba people; "The Queen of the Fish", from Réunion, in the Indic Ocean, "Los hermanos gemelos, la serpiente y el antílope maldito", from the Djerma-Songay, and "Grand-Kibaraka et Petit-Kibaraka" (Malagasy: "Kibarakabe noho Kibarakakely"), from the Vezo people. Similar tales are also reported among indigenous peoples of the Americas, such as "The Eight-Headed Windigo", from a Chippewan teller.
On a more global scale, Daniel J. Crowley, comparing tale indexes of Indonesia, Africa, Madagascar, British Islands, France, Spain and the Muslim Near East, concluded that the tale type appears "among the most popular and widespread tales on earth".
The birth of the twins (triplets).
According to Kurt Ranke, in "Enzyklopädie des Märchens", the "constitutive" element of tale type ATU 303 is the twins' birth either by their mother drinking magic water or eating a wonderful fish or apple.
Ingestion of fish or aquatic animal.
The usual tale involves the birth of twins from the ingestion of the flesh of the fish - a motif that opens the tale type and, according to scholar Patrice Lajoye, with considerable antiquity. French historian François Delpech () noted that the twins or triplets born of the fish show celestial birthmarks on the head - a similar appearance shared by the foals and hounds that are also born through the fish. From the remains of the fish a pair of swords and a bush sprout (which serve as their token of life).
Very rarely, there are born triplets, such as in a variant from Brittany, France, collected by folklorist Adolphe Orain: in "Les chevaliers de la belle étoile", instead of the usual twins, three sons are born when their mother is given the flesh of the enchanted eel (which replaces the fish). Each of the brothers is born with a star on the forehead. Similar variants include , from Bélesta, Ariège, wherein triplets are born from the magical fish; and Polish "О рыбаке и трех его сыновьях" (English: "About the Fisherman and his Three Sons"), where the fisherman catches, as third try, a fish with diamond scales and gills that engenders the human triplets.
In Czech fairy tale "The Twin Brothers", the enchanted fish is described as a princess cursed into piscian form. When a woman catches her (as fish) to eat, the princess says she will be delivered from her curse "as soon as [her] body has rotted".
The fish is also replaced by three eels in Serbian fairy tale "Три јегуље" ("The Three Eels"), by Vuk Karadzic.
In a Valencian tale collected by Enric Valor i Vives, "La Mare dels Peixos" ("The Mother of Fishes"), when the fisherman is sailing in the sea, he captures an eel-like, aquatic being with three heads that introduces itself at the "Mother of the Fishes". She tells the fisherman to kill it, and to give one of its heads to his wife, his dogs and his horses.
In an Asturian tale collected by Aurelio de Llano Roza de Ampudia, "El pescador y la serena" ("The Fisherman and the Mermaid"), the titular fisherman captures a mermaid who tells him to cut her apart in eight parts and give two to his wife. Thus, she will bear twins.
Ingestion of fruit.
The aquatic animal is replaced altogether for a fruit in other variants, such as an apple in Europe (for example, in the Slavonic tale "The Brothers"); a pomegranate or apple (in Iran); or a mango, which appears in the Indic form of the tale type (according to researcher Mary Brockington).
According to Armenian scholarship, the motif of the apple also appears in Armenian variants: a passing dervish gives the apple to the king's wife so that she may bear twins, but the dervish asks for one of the twins in payment. One of the boys is given to the dervish. After some time, he dips his hair in a magic golden pool, escapes from him with a horse and wears a disguise to work as a king's gardener (tale type ATU 314, "The Goldener", wherein a youth gains golden hair by magic and later works in a menial position). After the boy is petrified by a witch, his twin comes to his rescue (type ATU 303).
In a tale from Dagestan translated into Hungarian with the title "Aranyhajú Arszlan" ("Golden-Haired Arszlan"), a childless man is given a pair of beans as remedy for his plight by an old hermit, who asks for one of the twins in return. The beans work, and a pair of twins is born, named Arszlan and Batir. Arszlan is given to the hermit, who is in reality an evil creature. The youth escapes with a horse, dips his body in a river of a golden colour and works as gardener in another kingdom (tale type ATU 314).
In an Iranian tale collected by Emily Lorimer and David Lockhart Robertson Lorimer from Bakhtiari with the title "The Gazelle Maiden and the Golden Brothers", a childless king with seven wives, named Malik Ahmad, receives a pomegranate from a dervish to give to his wife. She bears twins, and the elder twin, called Malik Mahmad, opts to accompany the dervish as part of his father's deal. On the way to a golden fountain, an old greybeard warns the youth that the dervish will kill him, so he should escape from him with his horse. He follows the man's instructions, bathes in the golden fountain and kills the dervish. He finds work in another kingdom, marries a girl and follows a gazelle to a cave. He enters the cave and sees a beautiful maiden, who reveals she is the gazelle. She challenges the golden twin to a physical battle. He loses and is put away with other prisoners. Far away, his younger twin, Sultan Mahmad, sees the brother's ring turn black and senses his twin is in danger. Sultan Mahmad meets his sister-in-law and puts a sword between them in bed. Later, Sultan Mahmad defeats the strong lady, marries her and releases his twin brother and the prisoners.
Imbibing of water.
In an Afro-American variant from Antigua, "Black Jack and White Jack", a White lady and a Black lady move to a strange land and walk about with a bottle of water. During three walks, as soon as their bottles are empty, they return home. On the fourth time, they see two ponds, one white and the other black. The White lady drinks from the white pond and gives birth to a White boy, and the Black lady from the black pond, and gives birth to a Black boy.
Birth of lookalike individuals.
The ATU 303 type usually involves the birth of twins (or triplets), but in variants there are born two similar-looking individuals from a rich mother (queen, lady) and a poor one (maid, servant), who both ate the magical item that, according to some in-story superstition, is said to have pregnancy-inducing properties, such as a fruit or herb. Despite their different origins, both youths hold great affection and loyalty towards each other. One example is the Swedish folktale "Silfver-hvit och Lill-vacker" (English: "Silverwhite and Lillwacker").
In a Romanian fairy tale, "Der Morgenstern und der Abendstern" ("The Morning-Star and the Evening-Star"), a king and a queen have tried to conceive a child, but no such luck. One night, the empress dreams that God told her the method: the king must catch a fish, cook it and give it to the queen, who gives birth to a boy. A maid also tastes the queen's plate and gives birth to another boy. The prince is named "Busujok" and the maid's son "Siminok".
In the Moravian tale "Zkamenělí lidé" ("The Petrified People"), a princess and her friend, a burgermeister's daughter, drink seawater and become pregnant at the same time. Seven years later, the king suspects foul play and plans execution of the maidens and their incredibly similar children, Petr and Karl. The king prepares a trial by ordeal: both boys should walk on water. Both pass the trial, since they did not sink in the sea.
In a Russian fairy tale, when the fisherman gives the fish for his wife to eat, she shares the food with the mare and the cow. Later, three individuals are born: three half-brothers, one of the human woman, the second of the mare and the third, Cow's Son, of the cow. The cow's son is the strongest and the hero of the tale.
In an Irish tale published by poet W. B. Yeats from an "old man" in Galway, "Jack and Bill", the king's wife and a female cook eat a fish and give birth to identical individuals. They become very close friends, but depart to have their own adventures. Jack kills dragons and rescues a princess. He is later killed by a witch in the woods, but Bill saves him soon after. This tale was also published in Yeats's "The Celtic Twilight" with the name "Dreams that have no Moral" and in Lady Gregory's "The Kiltartan Wonder Book", wherein the heroes are named Seamus and Shawneen.
In a Swiss tale collected by author Dietrich Jecklin from Schlans with the title "Von den zwei Freunden" ("About the two friends"), intent on never marrying his daughters, a king isolates them in a palace he built for them on a remote island. However, a mysterious male figure emerges from the sea and spends the night at the castle. Nine months later, a boy is born to each princess, each boy looking exactly like the other.
The names of the heroes.
If the characters are named in the tale, both brothers may have water-related names, a motif that appears in Sweden, Germany (western and northwestern), Bohemia, Hungary, Denmark, Finland, Baltic Countries and Russia. According to Swedish scholar , the heroes' water-related names are a "reminiscence" of their origin either through the fish or by water.
For instance, in Swedish variant "Wattuman und Wattusin" ("Wassermann und Wasserjunge"), in the Brothers Grimm tale "Johann Wassersprung und Kaspar Wassersprung" ("Johannes Waterspring and Casper Waterspring"), in another German variant "Wasserpaul" and "Wasserpeter", or in a Hungarian variant "Vízi Péter és Vízi Pál" ("vízi" means "water" in Hungarian).
In another German variant, "The Two Foundlings of the Spring, or, The Story of Brunnenhold and Brunnenstark", an exiled princess finds two babies near a spring and decided that "they shall both take their names from the water": Brunnenhold, with "blue eyes and hair", and Brunnenstark, because he is stronger than his brother. The tale of brothers Brunnenhold and Brunnenstark was also given a somewhat abridged format by 19th century theologue Johann Andreas Christian Löhr, with the name "Die Söhne der Quelle".
In a Russian-language Siberian variant titled "Федор Водович и Иван Водович" ("Fyodor Vodovich and Ivan Vodovich", or "Fyodor, Son of the Water, and Ivan, Son of the Water"), a queen gives birth to a daughter, much to her husband's chagrin. The king decides to lock her up in a dungeon with a companion, to protect her from the world. One day, she is allowed to leave the dungeon, and drinks a bit of water from a well. Nine months later, she gives birth to two boys, later baptized as Ivan Vodovich and Fyodor Vodovich ("vodo/a" means water in Russian).
In an Irish tale from County Cork titled "Tom Fisher and John Fisher", a fisherman's daughter catches a big fish into her boat. The fish becomes a man and marries her. They have twin boys, one named Tom Fisher and the other John Fisher. In this regard, Irish folklorist Dáithí Ó hÓgáin stated that the heroes of type 303 in Ireland are known as "É the Salmon's Son" and "Ó the Salmon's Son", because their father, a fisherman, catches a salmon as the birth implement for his wife.
The adventures of the twins (triplets).
The general narrative of the tale type separates the twins: one defeats the dragon and, after he marries the princess, goes to an illuminated castle (or tower) in the distance, where a witch resides. In Iberian variants, this castle is known as "Castle of No Return" (Spanish: "Castillo de Irás y No Volverás") or "Tower of the Ill-Hour" (Portuguese: "Torre da Má Hora"). Later, his twin (or younger triplet) defeats the witch and rescues the older brother. Before the younger brother goes to rescue his sibling, he meets his sister-in-law, who mistakes him for her husband. To avoid any future complications, the brother lays down a sword between them in the royal bed. This motif is known as "The Sword of Chastity" and scholarship argues that it is "an integral part" of this tale type.
Some versions preserve the motif of the helping animals, attested in the pure form of ATU 300, "The Dragonslayer", where the sole hero is helped by four different animals or by three powerful dogs. One example of the latter type is the Romanian variant "Măr și Păr": the prince Măr names his dogs "Florian, Cioban and Frunză de megheran", and the servant's son Păr gives his hounds the names of "Bujor, Rozor and Cetina brazilor".
The dragon of the tale, in Scandinavian variants, is sometimes replaced by a troll that lives in the sea.
In a tale collected from Wallonia, "Le Garçon avec Ses Trois Chiens", triplets are born from the ingestion of the fish's flesh. This variant is peculiar in that it "inverts" the usual narrative: the brothers' petrification by the witch occurs "before" the episode of the dragon-slaying. The youngest triplet rescues his older brothers and "later" the princess demanded by the dragon.
A similar inversion of the twins' adventures occurs in Cossack (Ukrainian) tale "The Two Princes": the younger twin rescues his older brother from the pagan witch that petrified him and his dog, and later the dragon-slaying episode happens.
In another tale, "Die zwei Brüder" ("The Two Brothers"), the heroes are born after the ingestion of the fish, one stays home and the other goes around the world. In this story, the episode of the petrification in the castle of the witch happens "after" the killing of the dragon, but "before" the revelation of the false hero.
In an unsourced tale published by Andrew Lang in his "The Grey Fairy Book", "The Twin Brothers", an old woman reveals that the infertility of a fisherman's wife can be cured by ingesting the flesh of a gold-fish, and after some should be given to her she-dogs and mares. Male twins are born, two foals and two puppies - each brother getting a hound and a horse. When the older twin leaves home, he arrives in a kingdom and tries to woo the princess Fairest in the Land, by performing her father's three tasks. Later, he arrives in another kingdom, where a giant has blocked the flow of waters and only releases it once a year when he is given a maiden to devour. A similar version was collected by scholar Giorgos A. Megas in his book "Folktales of Greece". This tale was originally collected in German by Austrian consul Johann Georg von Hahn from Negades, with the title "Die Zwillingsbrüder".
Some variants skip the birth implement altogether and begin with the twin (triplet) princes going their separates ways at the crossroads, after they gather their animal retinues.
Adaptations.
The tale type was adapted into the story "Los hermanos gemelos" ("The Twin Brothers"), by Spanish writer Romualdo Nogués, with a moral at the end. A second adaptation was published in Spanish newspaper "El Imparcial", in 1923, titled "El pez y los tres rosales" ("The Fish and the Three Rosebushes").
A Hungarian variant of the tale was adapted into an episode of the Hungarian television series "Magyar népmesék" ("Hungarian Folk Tales") (), with the title "A kõvé vált királyfi" ("The Prince who turned into Stone"). This version replaces the sacrifice of a maiden to a dragon for a fight against an invincible warrior of the enemy army.
British author Alan Garner adapted a British variant as "The Golden Brothers": a poor fisherman catches a magical golden fish that grants him a castle, as long as he does not tell anyone. He eventually tells his wife of his success and the spell is broken. On orders of his wife, he catches the golden fish again. This time, the fish tells the man to cut it up in six pieces, then give two to his wife, two to his mare and bury the last two. Two golden twins are born to them, as well as two golden foals and two golden lilies. One boy rides forth and marries a girl from a village, and another stays at home, until he has to rescue his twin from a witch's petrification spell.

</doc>
<doc id="6906580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906580" title="Arabs of Turkey">
Arabs of Turkey



</doc>
<doc id="6906588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906588" title="Bt tower">
Bt tower



</doc>
<doc id="6906589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906589" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Vibo Valentia">
List of municipalities of the Province of Vibo Valentia

The following is a list of the 50 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Vibo Valentia, Calabria, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6906592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906592" title="Round Top Regional Park">
Round Top Regional Park



</doc>
<doc id="6906593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906593" title="Moymir I">
Moymir I



</doc>
<doc id="6906597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906597" title="Fox's Family Double Dare">
Fox's Family Double Dare



</doc>
<doc id="6906599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906599" title="EGLW">
EGLW



</doc>
<doc id="6906605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906605" title="EGMD">
EGMD



</doc>
<doc id="6906611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906611" title="Gilgamesh (disambiguation)">
Gilgamesh (disambiguation)

Gilgamesh was a legendary king of Uruk.
Gilgamesh may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6906613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906613" title="Tsagkarada">
Tsagkarada

Tsagkarada () is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Mouresi in the eastern part of Magnesia, Greece. 
It was the seat of the former municipality Mouresi. It is situated at 408 m elevation, on the eastern slope of the forested Pelion mountains. The community includes the village Mylopotamos. Tsagkarada is located 1.5 km southeast of Mouresi, 3 km north of Xorychti, 9 km southeast of Zagora and about 20 km east of the city of Volos (Magnesia's capital). 
In the main square, near Agia Paraskevi church, there is a big platanus tree. Perhaps the oldest of Greece, it is said to be at least one thousand years old. It has a perimeter of nearly 20 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="6906616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906616" title="KFOX (AM)">
KFOX (AM)

KFOX (1650 kHz) is a Korean language AM radio station, licensed to Torrance, California and serving the Los Angeles metropolitan area. It shares a transmitter site with KWKW.
KFOX is one of three radio stations in the greater Los Angeles area broadcasting entirely in Korean, in addition to KMPC and KYPA.
History.
KFOX began as the "expanded band" twin to a station on the standard AM band. On March 17, 1997, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced that eighty-eight stations had been given permission to move to newly available "Expanded Band" transmitting frequencies, ranging from 1610 to 1700 kHz, with KNOB in Costa Mesa authorized to move from 540 kHz to 1650 kHz.
The FCC's initial policy was that both the original station and its expanded band counterpart could operate simultaneously for up to five years, after which owners would have to turn in one of the two licenses, depending on whether they preferred the new assignment or elected to remain on the original frequency. It was decided to eliminate the standard band station, and on August 15, 2000, the license for the original station on 540 kHz, now KKGO, was cancelled. Actually, 540 (which is a Mexican clear channel frequency for XEWA) was effectively moved to Mexico (suburban San Diego/Tijuana) and presently operates with low power due to the presence of the 150-kilowatt station in San Luis Potosi.
The new station on 1650 kHz was assigned the call letters KGXL on December 29, 1997, which was changed to KKTR on June 1, 1998, then back to KGXL on March 15, 1999. The station simulcast adult standards station KGIL, AM 1260 in Beverly Hills.
After several years, KGXL became "K-Traffic," providing constant news updates, and eight traffic updates each hour. On July 26, 2000, the call sign was changed to KFOX, a call sign previously used by two area stations dating back to 1928: 1280 AM (now KFRN) and 93.5 FM (now KDAY).
In 2001, KFOX switched from broadcasting in English to Korean, and adopted the slogan "Radio Seoul".

</doc>
<doc id="6906617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906617" title="Tsangarada">
Tsangarada



</doc>
<doc id="6906620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906620" title="Mike Awsome">
Mike Awsome



</doc>
<doc id="6906626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906626" title="EGCB">
EGCB

EGCB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6906628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906628" title="God in Us">
God in Us



</doc>
<doc id="6906635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906635" title="Azuki Rousai">
Azuki Rousai



</doc>
<doc id="6906641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906641" title="Certified Practising Accountant (Australia)">
Certified Practising Accountant (Australia)



</doc>
<doc id="6906645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906645" title="Mylopotamos">
Mylopotamos

Mylopotamos () may refer to several places in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="6906647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906647" title="Watson Brown (American football)">
Watson Brown (American football)

Lester Watson Brown (born April 19, 1950) is an American retired college football coach and former player. He was most recently the head football coach at Tennessee Technological University, a position he held from 2007 to 2015. Previously, Brown served as the head coach at Austin Peay State University (1979–1980), the University of Cincinnati (1983), Rice University (1984–1985), Vanderbilt University (1986–1990), and the University of Alabama at Birmingham (1995–2006). He was also the athletic director at Rice from 1984 to 1985 and at UAB from 2002 to 2005. Brown played college football as a quarterback at Vanderbilt. He is the older brother of Mack Brown, the former head football coach at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Early years and playing career.
A native of Cookeville, Tennessee, Brown was one of the top-rated quarterbacks in the nation coming out of high school. He was also recruited to play basketball and was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates baseball team as a shortstop. He chose to stay in state and played as a quarterback at Vanderbilt University from 1969 to 1972. He started all four years at Vandy and led the Commodores to their best seasons in terms of wins since 1960. One of his victories was a 14–10 upset over the #13 Alabama Crimson Tide in 1969. It was Vanderbilt's first victory over Alabama in 13 seasons.
Coaching career.
After graduating from Vanderbilt, Brown spent the 1973 season as a graduate assistant at his alma mater. From there, he went to East Carolina University, where he spent two seasons as an assistant to Pat Dye, coaching quarterbacks and wide receivers. In 1976 and 1977, he served as the offensive coordinator at Jacksonville State University. The Gamecocks played for the NCAA Division II Football Championship in 1977.
Brown spent the 1978 season as an assistant at Texas Tech University under Rex Dockery before landing his first head coaching position a year later. At age 29, he began a two-year stint as the head coach at Austin Peay State University. The Governors had a record of 14–8 under Brown.
In 1981, Brown returned to Vanderbilt to become the school's offensive coordinator. In the 1982 season, Vanderbilt finished 8-4 and appeared in the Hall of Fame Bowl in Birmingham that year. Following the 1982 season, he took his first major college head coaching job, taking over the program at the University of Cincinnati. In one season with the Bearcats, he had a record of 4–6–1.
In 1984, Brown was named head football coach and athletic director at Rice University. In two seasons with the Owls, he compiled a record of 4–18. From there he returned to his alma mater to take over as head coach of the Vanderbilt University football program. Brown's five-year stint with the Commodores from 1986 to 1990 produced a record of 10–45.
After leaving Vanderbilt, Brown spent the 1991 and 1992 seasons as the offensive coordinator at Mississippi State University under Jackie Sherrill, then the 1993 and 1994 seasons with the same responsibilities at the University of Oklahoma under Gary Gibbs.
In 1995, Brown was hired by the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) to lead the fledgling program as it prepared to move from NCAA Division I-AA to Division I-A. In 12 seasons as the head coach of the Blazers he compiled a record of 62–74 and led the team to its first bowl game appearance, in the 2004 Hawaii Bowl. Brown resigned from UAB to take over the head coaching responsibilities at Tennessee Technological University on December 9, 2006.
Brown is the first coach in NCAA football history to lose 200 games. With Tennessee Tech's 50–7 loss to Northern Iowa on September 27, 2014, Brown eclipsed Amos Alonzo Stagg's mark of 199 losses.
On December 2, 2015, Brown announced his retirement as coach at Tennessee Tech.
As of September, 2019, Brown was the co-host of "The George Plaster Show" on Nashville radio station WNSR weekdays from 2-4 pm; however, in 2022 this program was moved to online streaming only.

</doc>
<doc id="6906648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906648" title="Bill Brassey">
Bill Brassey

Bill Brassey (known as John Leechman) was an English bare-knuckle boxer.
On 26 October 1840 Ben Caunt defeated Bill Brassey at Six Mile Bottom, Cambridgeshire, in 101 rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="6906652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906652" title="OY-KHO">
OY-KHO



</doc>
<doc id="6906659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906659" title="Virginia State Route 9">
Virginia State Route 9

Virginia State Route 9 (SR 9) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. Known as Charles Town Pike, the state highway runs from the West Virginia state line near Mechanicsville, where the highway continues west as West Virginia Route 9 (WV 9), east to SR 7 and SR 7 Business in Paeonian Springs. SR 9 is the main east–west highway of northwestern Loudoun County, connecting Leesburg with Hillsboro and the West Virginia cities of Charles Town and Martinsburg. As a result, the state highway and its West Virginia continuation are a major commuter route between the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia and Washington, D.C.
Route description.
SR 9 begins at the West Virginia state line at Keyes Gap, a wind gap on top of Blue Ridge Mountain. The highway continues west as WV 9 to Charles Town. SR 9 heads southeast as a two-lane undivided road, passing to the west of Purcell Knob as the highway descends Blue Ridge Mountain to the village of Mechanicsville in a valley known as Between the Hills. At the eastern edge of the narrow north–south valley, the state highway parallels the North Fork of Catoctin Creek through Hillsboro Gap, a water gap in Short Hill Mountain, into the town of Hillsboro. SR 9 continues east through the much wider Catoctin Valley, crossing the North Fork and intersecting SR 287 in the hamlet of Wheatland. The state highway veers southeast and crosses the South Fork of Catoctin Creek before reaching the community of Paeonian Springs. SR 9 curves south to its eastern terminus at Clarke's Gap, a low point in Catoctin Mountain. The state highway expands to a four-lane divided highway and meets SR 7 (Harry Byrd Highway) at a dumbbell interchange. SR 9 is paralleled through the interchange by the Washington and Old Dominion Trail. At the southern end of the interchange, the highway continues southward as SR 7 Business (Colonial Highway), which immediately turns west toward Hamilton.
History.
The road was commissioned in 1928 as State Route 713. After the 1933 renumbering, the route became State Route 238. It became SR 9 at the 1940 renumbering which focused on coordinating route numbers with neighboring states. The number was transferred from what is now SR 120 and SR 123.
The Commonwealth Transportation Board voted to make the entire length of SR 9 a Virginia Byway on March 21, 2002.
There has been considerable debate about how to manage increasing traffic levels as the populations of both western Loudoun and Jefferson County, West Virginia have grown throughout the 21st century, turning what was a country road into a major commuter route. In 2012, West Virginia completed a replacement of its two-lane Route 9 with a four-lane expressway to Charles Town. Virginia did not follow suit, leading to concerns about whether its narrow and winding Route 9 would be able to handle the traffic load. In particular, the stretch through Hillsboro, where Route 9 is that town's main street, became unsafe for pedestrians and would see large backups during rush hours. A bypass of Hillsboro was last proposed in 2008 and eventually removed from the county's draft 2010 transportation plan after protracted debate. A significant physical obstacle is that the town completely fills Hillsboro Gap; Route 9 cannot be widened in-place, and any bypass would have to go over or tunnel through Short Hill Mountain, substantially increasing its cost. Instead, VDOT and the Town of Hillsboro completed a range of reconstruction and traffic calming measures in 2022, with the intention of detouring high-speed traffic between Charles Town and Leesburg to U.S. Route 340 to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="6906660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906660" title="Cripple creek theatre">
Cripple creek theatre



</doc>
<doc id="6906663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906663" title="Cripple creek theater">
Cripple creek theater



</doc>
<doc id="6906668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906668" title="Cripple creek players">
Cripple creek players



</doc>
<doc id="6906671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906671" title="Cripple creek theatre co">
Cripple creek theatre co



</doc>
<doc id="6906676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906676" title="Cripple creek theater co">
Cripple creek theater co



</doc>
<doc id="6906678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906678" title="The Way to Your Love">
The Way to Your Love

"The Way to Your Love" is the second single from British pop group Hear'Say, the winners of the UK version of "Popstars". The song was written and produced by Norwegian production team StarGate and was released as the second and final single from Hear'Say's debut studio album, "Popstars" (2001), on 25 June 2001.
"The Way to Your Love" debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart with first-week sales of 75,514 copies. Despite the success of the group's debut single, "Pure and Simple", "The Way to Your Love" spent only one week at the top of the chart and sold only a tenth of their first record's sales; it was the second-lowest-selling number-one single of 2001 that did not reach number one in 2000.
Track listings.
UK CD1
UK CD2
UK cassette single
Credits and personnel.
Credits are lifted from the "Popstars" album booklet.
Studios
Personnel

</doc>
<doc id="6906679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906679" title="VA 9">
VA 9



</doc>
<doc id="6906680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906680" title="Cripple creek theater company">
Cripple creek theater company



</doc>
<doc id="6906684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906684" title="Vampire fetish">
Vampire fetish



</doc>
<doc id="6906685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906685" title="Quecreek">
Quecreek



</doc>
<doc id="6906686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906686" title="EGSF">
EGSF



</doc>
<doc id="6906688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906688" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Avellino">
List of municipalities of the Province of Avellino

The following is a list of the 119 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Avellino in the region of Campania in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6906689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906689" title="Menstrual fetish">
Menstrual fetish



</doc>
<doc id="6906690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906690" title="Pastoral Elegy">
Pastoral Elegy

The Pastoral Elegy is a song from the "Old Missouri Harmony Songbook". The mournful song tells the tale of a young shepherd boy named Corydon who died. The name "Corydon" was a stock name for a shepherd in ancient Greek and Latin pastoral poems and fables, most familiar from its use by Vergil in his "Second Eclogue".
The Town of Corydon, Indiana is named after a person in this hymn.
Words of the Pastoral Elegy (1st stanza):
"What sorrowful sounds do I hear",
"Move slowly along in the gale,"
"How solemn they fall on my ear,"
"As softly they pass through the vale."
"Sweet Corydon's notes are all o'er,"
"Now lonely he sleeps in the clay,"
"His cheeks bloom with roses no more,"
"Since death called his spirit away."

</doc>
<doc id="6906691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906691" title="Oz.">
Oz.



</doc>
<doc id="6906693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906693" title="Media theorist">
Media theorist



</doc>
<doc id="6906694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906694" title="EGNE">
EGNE



</doc>
<doc id="6906699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906699" title="The Incredible Hullk">
The Incredible Hullk



</doc>
<doc id="6906703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906703" title="EGTO">
EGTO



</doc>
<doc id="6906707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906707" title="Fat-finger">
Fat-finger



</doc>
<doc id="6906708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906708" title="Anne Keefe (theatre director)">
Anne Keefe (theatre director)

Anne Keefe was the associate artistic director at the Westport Country Playhouse in Westport, Connecticut. She resigned, effective 25 September 2006, after seven seasons at the playhouse, only to return in Spring of 2008 alongside Co-Artistic Director Joanne Woodward.
She is married to David Wiltse, the Playhouse's playwright-in-residence.
Prior to working at the Westport Country Playhouse, Keefe worked as a professional production stage manager and production supervisor from 1973. Some of her notable productions are "The Changing Room", "American Buffalo", "Spokesong", "Death and the Maiden", "Hamlet", "Night Must Fall", and "Our Town".

</doc>
<doc id="6906712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906712" title="Michigan Farm Bureau Pavilion">
Michigan Farm Bureau Pavilion

The Farm Bureau Pavilion at Michigan State University (formerly the Michigan State University Pavilion for Agriculture and Livestock Education and popularly shortened to MSU Pavilion) is a convention center located in East Lansing, Michigan on the campus of Michigan State University. It was built in 1996. It has of exhibit space.
Facilities include a 2,000-seat indoor arena with of floor space, used for trade shows, concerts, sporting events, livestock shows and other events; a 364-seat auditorium for meetings and livestock auctions; and a exhibit hall for trade shows, conventions and other events.
The complex also contains of meeting rooms (there are three meeting rooms that can divide into four meeting rooms.) The complex also features a 10 kilowatt solar power photovoltaic system, a state-of-the-art sound system, a campground with space for 96 campsites; and parking for 1500 cars.
On December 4, 2024, the Michigan Farm Bureau announced a partnership with Michigan State University to invest into expanding the MSU Pavilion. As a result, the complex was renamed to the Michigan Farm Bureau Pavilion.

</doc>
<doc id="6906713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906713" title="German submarine U-32 (S182)">
German submarine U-32 (S182)

"U-32" (S182) is a Type 212A submarine of the German Navy, the second of her class to enter service.
"U-32" was built by the German Submarine Consortium at the shipyards of Thyssen Nordseewerke of Emden and Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft at Kiel. She was launched on 4 December 2003, and was commissioned in a joint ceremony with her sister ship by the German Minister of Defence, Peter Struck, in Eckernförde on 19 October 2005. "U-32" is propelled by one diesel engine and an electric motor driven by two fuel cells and features a cavitation-free screw, making her virtually undetectable. "U-32" was the first non-nuclear submarine to stay submerged for two weeks.
Korvettenkapitän Michael Bornholt is "U-32"s commanding officer.
In March 2013, "U-32" crossed the Atlantic Ocean to participate in exercises on the east coast of the United States. During the journey, the submarine remained submerged for 18 days, the longest of any German submarine at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="6906716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906716" title="Standards based test">
Standards based test



</doc>
<doc id="6906717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906717" title="William Seymour (British Army officer, born 1664)">
William Seymour (British Army officer, born 1664)

Lieutenant-General William Seymour (8 February 1664 – 9 or 10 February 1728) was a British soldier and politician. He was the second son of Sir Edward Seymour, 4th Baronet, the prominent Tory. He served successively as Member of Parliament for Cockermouth, Totnes and Newport, Isle of Wight.
On 3 October 1694, he took command as Colonel of the former Lord Cutts' Regiment of Foot. It was converted to a Marine regiment on 31 July 1698; he remained in command until it was disbanded on 20 May 1699. From 1 March 1701 until 12 February 1702 he was Colonel of the former Sir Edward Dering's Regiment of Foot, and was then appointed Colonel of The Queen's Regiment of Foot. He commanded it until 25 December 1717; it was a Marine regiment from 1703 until 1710. On 1 June 1702, he was appointed Brigadier-General of the Marine Regiments, which had that year been reformed for the War of the Spanish Succession.

</doc>
<doc id="6906718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906718" title="Subsun">
Subsun

A subsun (also spelled sub-sun) is an optical phenomenon that appears as a glowing spot visible within clouds or mist when observed from above. The subsun appears directly below the actual Sun, and is caused by sunlight reflecting off numerous tiny ice crystals suspended in the atmosphere. As such, the effect belongs to the family of halos. It is also known as a "sun candle".
Formation.
The subsun phenomena appears when a region of hexagonal ice crystals act as a large mirror, creating a virtual image of the Sun below the horizon. As they fall through the air, the ice forms plate crystals which orient horizontally, i.e., with their hexagonal surfaces parallel to the Earth's surface. When they are disturbed by turbulence, the plates "wobble", causing their surfaces to deviate some degrees from the ideal horizontal orientation, and causing the reflection (i.e., the subsun) to become elongated vertically.
Deformations.
When the subsun is stretched far enough vertically, it can become a vertical column known as a lower sun pillar. A sun pillar is a form of light pillar.

</doc>
<doc id="6906722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906722" title="Major Stryker">
Major Stryker

Major Stryker is a 2D vertically scrolling shooter video game written for DOS by Apogee Software. Its working title was "Strike Force" and was released in January 1993. It consists of three episodes, with the first episode distributed as shareware, and the rest available commercially. The three episodes are set on a Lava Planet, an Arctic Planet and a Desert Planet. The game was re-released as freeware on March 14, 2006, and on Steam with support for Microsoft Windows and macOS in 2014.
Plot.
After a third world war, ending with only eight years of peace, Earth is attacked by the alien Kretons. Major Harrison Stryker, a World War III veteran, goes on a mission to wipe out the Kreton military installations on the three elemental planets within their galaxy. The only named characters are the eponymous hero and Fleet Admiral Yoshira, an attractive, often flirtatious woman who briefs Stryker between missions.
Gameplay.
There are three difficulty levels, which have drastically different levels of powerups, enemies, and enemy fire. Because of the greater number of enemies, much higher scores are possible on the harder difficulty levels.
At regular intervals, Stryker's allies deliver numbered boxes containing firepower upgrades, which affect the pattern and number of shots fired. A player with upgraded firepower is lowered to single shots upon being hit. A player with basic firepower instantly loses a life. Hitting a wall also loses a life regardless of firepower. Three different types of shields exist: two side shields that protect the jet left and right until it is damaged, two temporary small wave shields that rotate around the jet and a temporary invincibility orb shield.
Powerups can be obtained by wiping out an entire fleet of ships or destroying the shield of a shielded powerup. The six powerups appear as letters. B (Burst) increases the number of shots the player can have on screen. H (Hover) causes scrolling to halt for a few seconds. R (Rapid fire) temporarily allows the player to continuously fire by holding down the fire button, rather than tapping it as normal. M (Major Stryker) is an extra life. S (Speed) temporarily increases the speed of the ship. Z (Zap bomb) is a bomb; the player starts each life with three to five bombs (depending on the difficulty level) and can accumulate more. When used, bombs do two points of damage to everything on screen except hiding enemies, and cause all enemy fire on screen to disappear. H and S both have a double edged sword quality, demanding the player carefully consider when to pick them up; H releases a fleet of enemies on opposing sides of the screen, and S increases the jerkiness of the ship, making it impossible to maneuver or aim with precision.
At the end of each level, the player is awarded additional points on the percentages of enemies destroyed and hostages rescued, as well as point bonuses based on secret achievements. Hostages are rescued by ramming into the capsules they are contained in. The capsules are otherwise invincible, and can serve as obstacles blocking the player's fire.
Development.
The game uses PC speaker and Sound Blaster audio. The AdLib music is similar in style to Bobby Prince's other songs. The EGA graphics have three layers of scrolling backgrounds ("triple-parallax scrolling").
Originally the game was going to include other Apogee characters including Commander Keen, Duke Nukem, and Snake Logan, but was scrapped in favor of a more original storyline.

</doc>
<doc id="6906723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906723" title="Lusitanian Wars">
Lusitanian Wars

The Lusitanian Wars, called "Pyrinos Polemos" ("the Fiery War") in Greek, were wars of resistance fought by the Lusitanian tribes of Hispania Ulterior against the advancing legions of the Roman Republic from 155 to 139 BC. The Lusitanians revolted in 155 BC, and again in 146 BC and were pacified. In 154 BC, a long war in Hispania Citerior, known as the Numantine War, was begun by the Celtiberians. It lasted until 133 and is an important event in the integration of what would become Portugal into the Roman and Latin-speaking world.
Historical context.
In the sequence of the Second Punic War, the Roman Republic defeated Carthage and its colonies in the Mediterranean Coast of the Iberian Peninsula. This marked the first incursion of the Roman Republic into the peninsula and possibly the first clash between Lusitanians and Romans, as Lusitanian mercenaries fought on the Carthaginian side during the Punic Wars.
In 194 BC, the Romans launched their first offensives in Lusitanian land. By 179 BC, the Romans had mostly succeeded in subduing most tribes in the region and signed a peace treaty with the Lusitanians.
The Romans charged the native tribes with heavy taxes: a fixed "vectigal" or land-tax, the "tributum" and a certain quantity of cereals. Taxes were not the only source of income; mine exploitation and peace treaties were a source of denarius as well as war spoils and war prisoners who were sold as slaves. The indigenous towns had to deliver their own treasures to the Romans, which left them only with their yearly earnings to pay the taxes. In 174 BC, when Publius Furius Philus was accused of paying very little for the cereals that Iberia was compelled to deliver to Rome, Cato defended the interests of the native tribes. The exploitation and extortion reached such an extreme degree in the provinces that Rome had to create a special tribunal and laws, like the Lex Calpurnia created in 149 BC. 
From Punicus to the Peace Treaty of Atilius (155 BC – 152 BC).
The Lusitanian War began in 155 when Punicus attacked neighboring lands belonging to Roman subjects. In this raid, the Lusitanians killed 6,000 Romans, including a quaestor named Terentius Varro. After this first victory, the Lusitanians formed an alliance with the Vettones. Together, the Lusitanians and Vettones laid siege to the Blastophoenicians, a Phoenician settlement subject to Rome. Punicus was killed during this siege and was succeeded by Caesarus.
Rome sent Mummius to fight Caesarus. Caesarus was initially defeated but, while fleeing, managed to turn the battle around, killing 9,000 Romans in the end. Mummius used his 5,000 remaining soldiers and attacked the Lusitanians by surprise, slaying a large number of them.
The Lusitanians on the other side of the Tagus, led by Caucenus, invaded the Cunei, who were subject to Rome, and conquered Conistorgis. Some of the Lusitanians then raided North Africa, laying siege to Ocile. Mummius followed them into Africa and defeated the Lusitanian rebels and ended the siege of Ocile. With this victory, Mummius returned to Rome and was awarded a triumph.
Mummius was succeeded by Marcus Atilius, who fought the Lusitanians and conquered their largest city, Oxthracae. This terrified the neighboring tribes (including the Vettones) into offering their surrender.
Second Lusitanian Raid and the Treachery of Galba (152 BC – 150 BC).
During the winter of 152 BC, the Lusitanians rebelled again and besieged some Roman subjects. Servius Galba, the successor of Atilius, rushed to rescue them. After an initial victory, Galba was defeated while trying to pursue the fleeing Lusitanian forces. About 7,000 Romans were killed, forcing Galba to take refuge in a settlement called Carmone. Galba reassembled his forces and wintered in Conistorgis. Lucullus was wintering in Turditania. Lucullus' forces discovered and attacked Lusitanians, killing 4,000 in the process. He then crossed the straits near Gades, killing another 1,500, and invaded Lusitania. Galba joined in the invasion of Lusitania.
Lucullus and Galba's invasion convinced the Lusitanians to send ambassadors to Galba to renew the treaty they made with Atilius in 152 BC. Galba pretended to accept a truce and promised them fertile land. The Lusitanians, following the good news of the ambassadors, gathered at a place appointed by Galba and were divided into three parts in a plain. Galba approached each Lusitanian division separately, asked them to lay down their arms, and slaughtered them. Viriathus was one of the few Lusitanians who escaped. 
Third Lusitanian Raid and the Feats of Viriathus (148 BC – 140 BC).
In 148 BC, the Lusitanians assembled a force of 10,000 and attacked Turdetania. Gaius Vetilius was sent to deal with the raid. After he amassed a force equal to those of the Lusitanians in numbers, Vetilius defeated the Lusitanians, who ask for peace terms. As peace terms were being arranged, Viriathus reminded his fellow Lusitanians of the treachery of the Romans, which he had witnessed firsthand with Galba. The Lusitanians chose Viriathus as their leader and concocted an escape plan: they would organize as if going into battle, but then flee in every direction and later reassemble in a city named Tribola. Vitilius, seeing the Lusitanian forces scattering, attacked Viriathus directly, but Viriathus and 1000 of his best men occupied Vitilus for two days while the others regrouped to safety. Viriathus then evaded the Romans and rejoined with his army. The success of Viriathus' campaign convinced neighboring Celtic tribes, such as the Gallaecians to support his cause.
Viriathus gained renown throughout the Roman world as a guerrilla fighter. In the words of Theodor Mommsen, "It seemed as if, in that thoroughly prosaic age, one of the Homeric heroes had reappeared." In 148 BC, Vitilius followed Viriathus into Tribola. Viriathus' forces ambushed the Romans. About 6,000 Romans managed to flee to Carpessus with their quaestor, while the remaining of the original 10,000 were either killed or imprisoned. Vitilius himself was killed during this ambush, as he was considered to be of little worth as a slave (he supposedly was old and fat). The Quaestor asked for reinforcements from the Celtic tribes allied to Rome, the Belli and the Titii. However, the 5,000 Belli and Titii forces were all slain in skirmishes against the Lusitanian forces.
In 146 BC, Viriathus raided the Roman vassal Iberians in Carpetania until Gaius Plautius Hypsaeus arrived with 10,000 men on foot and 1,300 on horse. Plautius was defeated by Viriathus, who then proceeded to raid Hispania Ulterior without check.
In 145 BC, the general Quintus Fabius Maximus Aemilianus was sent by Rome to fight the Lusitanians. With the end of the wars against Carthago and Greece, Maximus managed to assemble a great force: 15,000 men on foot and 2,000 on horse. The forces assembled in Urso and skirmished frequently with the Lusitanians, but without full-scale battle.
In 144 BC, Maximus attacked Viriathus and put him to flight, capturing two of his cities in the aftermath. Maximus pursued Viriathus into a place called Baecor, killing many of his men but failing to capture Viriathus. Maximus wintered in Córdoba and then left for Rome. He was succeeded by Quintus Pompeius Aulus.
In 143 BC, Viriathus managed to persuade several other Celtic tribes (Arevaci, Titii, and Belli) to resist the Romans, leading to the Numantine War. Afterwards, Viriathus skirmished with Quintus. He took refuge in a place called Venus mountain, but later returned to battle, slaying 1,000 of Quintus' men. Viriathus drove out the garrison of Ittuca and raided the Iberian Bastetani. Quintus wintered at Córdoba in the middle of autumn and sent Caius Marcius, a Hispanic from Italica, to fight Viriathus.
In 142 BC, Fabius Maximus Servilianus succeeded Quintus, bringing two new legions and more allies, up to a total of 18,000 men on foot and 1,600 on horse. Maximus was reinforced by 300 horse and ten elephants from Africa. Maximus defeated Viriathus, who still managed to inflict 3,000 deaths and drive the Romans back to camp. The Romans were saved by night time and managed to defend their camp initially, but constant attacks by Viriathus drove them back to Itucca. Viriathus returned to Lusitania, but Maximus, instead of following him, raided five towns against Lusitanian allies in Baeturia. Afterwards, he marched against the Cunei and only then into Lusitania.
While moving against Viriathus, Maximus was attacked by an army of 10,000 led by Curius and Apuleius. Curius was killed in battle and Maximus succeeded in capturing the Lusitanian cities of Escadia, Gemella, and Obolcola. Maximus captured around 10,000 men. He beheaded 500 and sold the rest as slaves. While following Viriathus, Maximus' army rested in Erisana. Viriathus managed to infiltrate the town and, in defeating Maximus' armies, asked for an end to the war.
Caepius, death of Viriathus and the end of the Lusitanian War.
In 140 BC, Gnaeus Servilius Caepio succeeded Maximus and wrote to Rome complaining of the treaty made with Viriathus, saying it was unworthy of the dignity of the Roman people. The Senate first permitted Caepio only to fight Viriathus secretly before deciding to break the treaty and declare war against Viriathus. Caepio took the town of Arsa and won a battle over Viriathus, who fled in Carpetania. Although Viriathus escaped, Caepio turned against the Vettones and Gallaeci, destroying their fields. 
Afterwards, Viriathus sent his most trusted friends Audax, Ditalcus and Minurus to negotiate peace terms with Caepio. Caepio bribed them to assassinate Viriathus. Viriathus slept little and in his armor but allowed his friends to enter his tent at any time so he could be summoned to battle as soon as possible. Taking advantage of this, his friends entered his tent and killed him in his sleep by slitting his throat. Viriathus was found dead in the morning, long after the assassins had escaped. Unable to avenge him as they knew not who murdered him, the Lusitanians instead held a grand funeral: they dressed Viriathus in special garments, burned him in a pyre, held processions, gladiator battles and songs. The popular story of the traitors' fate says that the Roman general Caepio executed them, declaring that "Rome does not pay traitors".
Tautalus was elected to succeed Viriathus and lead the Lusitanians. The Lusitanians' attempt to raid Saguntum failed. On crossing the river Baetis on their return, they were defeated by Caepio and became Roman subjects. This marked the end of the Lusitanian War.
Aftermath.
The end of the Lusitanian Wars began a period of relative peace in Lusitania. The Lusitanians rebelled against the Romans again in 80 to 72 BC, in the Sertorian War, when they recruited the outlaw ex-general Quintus Sertorius to lead a rebellion against Rome.
The Lusitanian War, and Viriathus in particular, would become an enduring symbol of Portuguese nationality and independence (see Lusitanic).

</doc>
<doc id="6906725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906725" title="Alfoso Soriano">
Alfoso Soriano



</doc>
<doc id="6906728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906728" title="Dorm daze 2">
Dorm daze 2



</doc>
<doc id="6906729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906729" title="Frederick I, Margrave of Brandenburg">
Frederick I, Margrave of Brandenburg



</doc>
<doc id="6906731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906731" title="EGWU">
EGWU



</doc>
<doc id="6906733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906733" title="KALI-FM">
KALI-FM

KALI-FM (106.3 MHz) is a Vietnamese language radio station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to serve the community of Santa Ana, California, United States. KALI airs musical and entertainment shows. This station directly competes with KVNR 1480 AM, which also airs Vietnamese-language programming.
History.
In 1958, Phillip F. Brestoff received the construction permit to build 106.3 FM in Santa Ana. After selling the permit to Gus Malpee, KFIL signed on February 6, 1960.
Malpee went bankrupt in 1963, and KFIL went silent. George W. Smith bought the station out of bankruptcy the next year and changed its call sign to KYMS. The new station broadcast from studios in the Saddleback Inn Hotel in Santa Ana, with "prestige-type" easy listening music. It also received a first-of-its-kind authorization from the Federal Communications Commission to rebroadcast news programs from the BBC World Service received via shortwave.
In 1968, KYMS was sold to Southwestern Broadcasters. The station aired a progressive rock format in the early 1970s.
On March 15, 1975, with the station $10,000 in debt a month, KYMS adopted a Christian contemporary format. The station aired music by Calvary Chapel's Maranatha! Music and carried some of Calvary Chapel's concerts. It also carried block programming from Christian ministries, including "The Bible Answer Man", with Walter Martin. General manager Arnie McClatchey later joined with Paul Toberty to form Interstate Broadcasting System, buying KYMS as well as Christian AM stations, KRDS in Phoenix and KBRN (which would have its calls changed to KLTT) in Denver, for $3.8 million in late 1981.
In 1985, the amount of programming devoted to Christian ministries was reduced and inspirational songs by secular artists were added to the station's playlist.
In 1995, KYMS was sold to Multicultural Broadcasting for $9.1 million and it switched to a brokered Asian format. On January 22, 1996, the station's call sign was changed to KALI-FM.

</doc>
<doc id="6906744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906744" title="Dorm Daze 2">
Dorm Daze 2



</doc>
<doc id="6906745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906745" title="EGSY">
EGSY

EGSY may refer to one of two airfields in the United Kingdom:

</doc>
<doc id="6906747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906747" title="Javascript debugger">
Javascript debugger



</doc>
<doc id="6906750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906750" title="Evelyn baronets">
Evelyn baronets

There have been three Evelyn Baronetcies, two in the Baronetage of England and one in the Baronetage of Great Britain. These are shown individually below in order of creation. The three families are and made their money out of gunpowder.
Evelyn of Godstone, Surrey.
Created in the Baronetage of England 29 May 1660 for
Evelyn of Long Ditton, Surrey.
Created in the Baronetage of England 17 February 1683 for
Evelyn of Wotton, Surrey.
Created in the Baronetage of Great Britain on 6 August 1713 for:

</doc>
<doc id="6906761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906761" title="Cinderella Rockefella">
Cinderella Rockefella

"Cinderella Rockefella" is a novelty song written by Mason Williams and Nancy Ames. It was originally recorded and released by Israeli folk duo Esther &amp; Abi Ofarim on their 1967 album "2 in 3". It became an international hit single in 1968.
Original version.
Esther Ofarim and the Smothers Brothers first performed "Cinderella Rockefella" on the CBS variety program "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour" in April 1967. Mason Williams, who co-wrote the song, was a writer for the series. Ofarim recorded the song with her husband Abi Ofarim that year. The words of the song imitate yodelling, with a somewhat 1920s-style arrangement structured like a twelve-bar blues.
The single was released on Philips Records in February 1968 in the UK. Esther &amp; Abi Ofarim made an appearance on "The Eamonn Andrews Show" on ITV to promote it in the UK. The single peaked at No. 1 in the British singles chart on 5 March 1968, where it remained for three weeks. It was also No. 1 on the "NME" chart for four weeks. As of 2020, Esther &amp; Abi Ofarim remain the only act from Israel to achieve a UK No. 1 single. The record was an international hit, reaching the top 10 in various countries. It was less successful in the U.S., peaking at No. 68 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in May 1968.
The song appeared on the albums "2 in 3" (1967) in Europe and "Cinderella Rockefella" (1968) in the US.
According to Radio Caroline DJ Andy Archer, the song was the last to be played on Radio Caroline South on the night of 2–3 March 1968, before its radio ship (like that of its sister station Radio Caroline North) was towed into harbour over unpaid debts on the morning of 3 March.
Williams recorded his own version of the song for his 1968 album "The Mason Williams Ear Show" on Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. For his rendition the duet vocal was performed by one of his "Smothers Brothers" collaborators, Jennifer Warnes.
Critical reception.
"Cash Box" (9 March 1968): "Out of the left field arena of novelty songs comes this wierd ["sic"] rollick complete with mock yodel and tuba-banjo backdrop. Crazy romp that shows the duo in rare form, very rare for these 'straight' talents. Could very easily repeat the track’s monster Enlish ["sic"] breakout on this side of the Atlantic. Exceptional long shot."
"Record World" (9 March 1968): "Hilarious parody duet that is camp enough to connect with the populace. Pair are terrific."

</doc>
<doc id="6906771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906771" title="Brenton Brown">
Brenton Brown

Brenton Gifford Brown (born 1 July 1973) is a dual South African and American Christian musician and worship leader.
Career.
Brown joined Vineyard Music (UK), serving as worship pastor at the Oxford Vineyard, UK, and eventually as coordinator of the Vineyard (UK) Worship Development Team. His songs, "Lord Reign in Me", "All Who Are Thirsty", "Humble King", "Hallelujah [Your Love is Amazing]" and "Holy", were recorded on the Vineyard UK projects during this time. Brown's career began in earnest with the release of Vineyard UK worship records' "Come Now Is the Time", "Hungry", "Surrender" and "Holy".
In the 2000s, recording as a Kingsway artist, Brown co-penned and recorded "Hosanna (Praise Is Rising)", "Everlasting God", "Because of Your Love" and "God My Rock". Most recently, Brown's song "Soul on Fire", has been recorded by Third Day,
In 2006, he released his first solo album, "Everlasting God" released on Survivor Records in the UK and rest of the world, and with Sparrow Records in the United States and Canada. The title track, "Everlasting God" (co-written with Ken Riley from UK Christian Band YFriday), has been recorded by other artists, including Lincoln Brewster, Jeremy Camp, and most notably by Chris Tomlin on his 2006 album, "See the Morning". Brown has appeared on numerous live and compilation albums, including events such as Hope 2008 and . He released his second solo album, "Because of Your Love", in 2008.
In 2009, Brown was signed to Kingsway Communications and released the EP "Introducing Brenton Brown", in October 2009. Followed in 2010 with full-length album, "Adoration", which contained many of the songs from his independent release "Because of Your Love" plus the new song "A Thousand Stars". Later in 2010, Brown released his first album of all new material on Kingsway: "Our God Is Near". He released his first live solo record, "God My Rock", in 2012. The record was recorded at a Dare2share event in Dayton, Ohio and included six new songs as well as some of Brown's songs including "Hosanna (Praise is Rising)" and "Everlasting God". It was released by Integrity Music.
The song "Lion and the Lamb", co-written with Leeland Mooring and Brian Johnson was included on Bethel Music's "Have It All" (2016).
Personal life.
Brown and his wife both suffer with chronic fatigue syndrome. He lives in Malibu, California with his wife and two daughters. After their home and most of their possessions were destroyed by a wildfire in November 2018 , the Browns moved to Nashville, Tennessee. The Browns returned to Malibu in June 2023 and attend Malibu Pacific Church. 

</doc>
<doc id="6906773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906773" title="EGHC">
EGHC



</doc>
<doc id="6906774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906774" title="LEQ">
LEQ

LEQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6906776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906776" title="Primate Cathedral of Bogotá">
Primate Cathedral of Bogotá



</doc>
<doc id="6906784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906784" title="EGHE">
EGHE



</doc>
<doc id="6906796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906796" title="WWA Brass Knuckles Heavyweight title">
WWA Brass Knuckles Heavyweight title



</doc>
<doc id="6906797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906797" title="Executory Interest">
Executory Interest



</doc>
<doc id="6906798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906798" title="Es leuchten die Sterne">
Es leuchten die Sterne



</doc>
<doc id="6906799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906799" title="WWA Martial Arts Heavyweight Title">
WWA Martial Arts Heavyweight Title



</doc>
<doc id="6906800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906800" title="Xizor's Star Viper">
Xizor's Star Viper



</doc>
<doc id="6906802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906802" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Benevento">
List of municipalities of the Province of Benevento

The following is a list of the 78 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Benevento in the region of Campania in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6906805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906805" title="FMW Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Title">
FMW Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Title



</doc>
<doc id="6906806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906806" title="Everybody (Hear'Say song)">
Everybody (Hear'Say song)

"Everybody" is a song by British pop group Hear'Say, written by Martin Harrington, Ash Howes, Richard Stannard, Julian Gallagher, and Andy Caine. Produced by Harrington and Howes, the track was recorded for the group's second studio album of the same name (2001), released nine months after their debut album, "Popstars". "Everybody" was issued as the album's lead single on 26 November 2001 and was the final single released by the band before member Kym Marsh quit. Upon its release, the song peaked at number four on the UK Singles Chart. The song's music video is set inside a space capsule and shows the five band members dancing on a stage.
Background and release.
When Hear'Say's second single, "The Way to Your Love", debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, it sold 75,514 copies during its first week of release, considerably less the first-day total of 160,000 copies for the band's debut single, "Pure and Simple". The group's label, Polydor Records, concluded that the public was losing interest in the band following their "Popstars" formation and decided to rush the quintet into the studio to record a second album rather than release another single from the "Popstars" album. For this song, the two male members, Noel Sullivan and Danny Foster, sing lead vocals. "Everybody" was serviced to UK radio in October 2001 and was released as a single on 26 November 2001 across three formats: two CD singles and a cassette single.
Reception and aftermath.
Following the song's release, music critics began to speculate how much longer Hear'Say would remain together. Can't Stop the Pop wrote that "Everybody" is a catchy song, comparing it to "Keep On Movin" by Five, but criticised the track for lacking the R&amp;B influences of the group's earlier songs. British columnist James Masterton also likened the song to "Keep On Movin", noting its harmonies and "singalong" chorus but writing that the band's charm was starting to diminish. "Music Week" called the track "pop-by-numbers" and wrote that the track would leave the charts immediately after appearing. The song stayed on the UK Singles Chart for 11 weeks, debuting and peaking at number four on 2 December 2001. The single also charted in Ireland, reaching number 23.
Two months after the song's release, Kym Marsh quit the band by announcing her departure through a newspaper, citing disputes with bandmate Myleene Klass. Marsh was replaced by Johnny Shentall from pop group Boom!, and the band released their final single, "Lovin' Is Easy", in August 2002, which peaked at number six on the UK Singles Chart. Afterwards, plans to record the group's third studio album were cancelled, and in October 2002, the group disbanded.
Track listings.
UK CD1
UK CD2
UK cassette single
Credits and personnel.
Credits are taken from the UK CD1 liner notes.
Studios
Personnel

</doc>
<doc id="6906809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906809" title="Sedgwick station (CTA)">
Sedgwick station (CTA)

Sedgwick is an 'L' station on the CTA's Brown Line, Purple Line Express trains also stop at the station during weekday rush hours. It is an elevated station with two side platforms, located in Chicago's Old Town neighborhood of the Near North Side community area. The adjacent stations are Armitage, which is located about to the northwest, and Chicago, located about to the south.
History.
The station was put into service in 1900 as part of Northwestern Elevated Railroad's initial route, and it is one of the oldest standing stations on the 'L'. 
In 1979, a portion of The Hunter starring Steve McQueen was shot at Sedgwick as part of an action scene.
During 2007, the main station entrance was closed for extensive renovation and rebuilding as part of the CTA's Brown Line capacity expansion project. Throughout the renovation period, the station remained open on weekdays but experienced several weekend closures, with entrance to the station through a temporary entrance (which was later converted to an emergency exit) located one block west of the original entrance at Hudson Avenue.
As the outside express tracks had not been in service since 1963 they were removed and island platforms widened, converting them to side platforms. The platforms were also extended to allow eight-car trains to berth, and elevators were added to make the station accessible to passengers with disabilities. The historical station house was restored, and an extension was added behind it.
Bus connections.
CTA

</doc>
<doc id="6906816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906816" title="H. S. Bhabra">
H. S. Bhabra

Hargurchet Singh Bhabra (7 June 1955 – 1 June 2000) was a British Asian writer and broadcaster who settled in Canada.
Bhabra was born in Mumbai, India, and moved to England with his family in 1957. The family eventually settled in Beare Green, Surrey. From 1966 to 1973, Bhabra attended Reigate Grammar School. He was the only boy of Asian origin in the school, was highly regarded by his teachers, and an accomplished actor in school productions such as "Much Ado about Nothing". Regarded by his teachers as the most exceptional member of an exceptional year, he won a scholarship to Trinity College, Oxford, where he read English Literature.
Publication.
Bhabra worked for six years in financial advertising in the City of London. In 1984, he resigned to complete "Gestures", a novel on which he had been working for years. He travelled and worked as a correspondent for a few years, which provided material for his career as a writer of fiction, under his own name and also as A M Kabal and John Ford. "Gestures" won a Betty Trask Award in 1987. It has been described thus: "With extraordinary force and subtlety, Gestures conducts the 'funeral rite over an entire way of life . . . a liberal, human, European culture which has finally disappeared'. The lines could stand as an epitaph for Bhabra himself. Infused with his own erudition, elegance and empathy, it was also—and to a great degree—an expression of his own sense of displacement." Indeed, although he published in quick succession three thrillers—"The Adversary" (1986) and "Bad Money" (1987), and "Zero Yield"—the next few years were spent largely on travels to Egypt, Mexico and Latin America.
The United States.
In 1989, Bhabra was awarded the first Fulbright Chandler Fellowship in Spy and Detective Fiction Writing. This prize included a post as writer-in-residence at the University of California, Los Angeles, for one year. Bhabra stayed on in Los Angeles from 1991 to 1993, hoping to earn money as a scriptwriter. That did not work out, however, though his fund of esoteric knowledge did help him win $21,800 (appearing in three shows, winning two) as a contestant on the television quiz show "Jeopardy!" in April 1993, an accomplishment of which he remained proud. While there, he also developed an obsession with climbing bridges, which led to his arrest while making an assault on the Golden Gate, San Francisco. Bhabra also taught at Amherst College in Massachusetts.
Canada.
In 1994, Bhabra moved to Toronto, where his parents now lived. In Canada, Bhabra was perceived as an Asian-Canadian writer and broadcaster. He taught at the Humber School for Writers at Humber College and then joined public broadcaster TVOntario as co-host, with Marni Jackson, of the book show "Imprint" from 1995 to 1997. Knowledgeable and intelligent, Bhabra had interests ranging from food and fashion to films and books. His contract with "Imprint" was not renewed after the 1997 season.
After leaving "Imprint", Bhabra struggled to make ends meet with occasional freelance magazine and television work. Television projects included the show "Starting Up!", about the challenges and rewards of opening a business, which he created and produced for TVO. Bhabra also embarked on an ambitious fiction quartet: "South", "West", "North", and "East". By the spring of 1999, Bhabra had completed a draft of the first chapter of the first novel, "South", a draft which failed to lead to the publishing contract he hoped for and much needed, in order to support himself financially. When opportunities at TVO dried up, Bhabra joined TFO, the French-language counterpart of TVO, where he worked for a short time on a new arts show, "Ôzone". Bhabra left TFO in late 1999 as a result of artistic differences. He was sustained during these years by the support of his partner, Vee Ledson, daughter of educator Sidney Ledson. Bhabra had encouraged Ledson to pursue her dream of running her own school, Laurel Academy, which she established in Toronto in 1995.
On 1 June 2000, a week before his 45th birthday, he killed himself by jumping off the Prince Edward Viaduct which spans the Don River, connecting Toronto's Bloor Street to Danforth Avenue. None around him knew of his debilitating writer's block; in the months and weeks leading up to his death, Bhabra had led some of those closest to him to believe he had, at last, completed the first novel and secured a book contract for it, and that he had begun work on the second book.
Bhabra wrote letters shortly before killing himself in which he revealed he had misrepresented important elements of his life. In addition to acknowledging that he had not been making any progress in his writing, he revealed he did not have legal residence status in Canada.
His death contributed to the argument for the Luminous Veil, a suicide barrier fence over the viaduct. In 2001, Bhabra, was posthumously nominated for a Gémeaux Award (Prix Gémaux), for his work on "Ôzone". In 2003, the Luminous Veil was finally completed and in the same year "Gestures" was reprinted.
In December 2014 "Maclean's" published Marni Jackson's description of being sexually harassed by Bhabra. Jackson compared Bhabra's behaviour to the then recently publicised behaviour of Jian Ghomeshi:
I am struck by some of the similarities: the narcissistic "host" whose increasingly self-serving behaviour was tolerated by his bosses and co-workers, and an intelligent, talented man whose "charm" had a hidden element of misogyny.

</doc>
<doc id="6906818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906818" title="Jim Patterson (California politician)">
Jim Patterson (California politician)

James Norwood Patterson (born February 18, 1948) is an American politician who served in the California State Assembly from 2012 to 2024. He represented the 8th district, which encompasses eastern Fresno County, including the cities of Fresno and Clovis, and a small slice of Tulare County. A Republican, he is the former Mayor of Fresno.
Early career.
Prior to being elected to public office, he was a business executive and broadcaster owning and operating radio stations in California and Idaho.
Mayor.
Patterson was Mayor of Fresno between 1993 and 2001, defeating incumbent Democrat Karen Humphrey for reelection by a landslide, and being succeeded by Alan Autry.
2002 Congressional election.
Patterson ran for the Republican nomination in California's 21st congressional district, a district with new boundaries created through reapportionment after the 2000 United States census. His opponents were State Assemblyman Mike Briggs and Devin Nunes, the California State Director for the United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development section. Patterson came in close second place to Nunes, who would eventually win the general election.
2010 Congressional election.
Patterson ran for the Republican nomination in California's 19th congressional district, to take over the seat of retiring Congressman George Radanovich. He finished second in the June 8, 2010 primary to state Senator Jeff Denham, who won the general election.
Political positions.
In the wake of a 2018 shooting spree in Tulare County by an illegal alien, Patterson called on his fellow legislators to change California Sanctuary Law SB54 to allow local law enforcement agencies to cooperate with detainer requests from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
2024 election.
Patterson is barred by term limits from seeking reelection to the state Assembly. He's announced that he plans to run for the Fresno County Board of Supervisors in 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="6906826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906826" title="Sonnie Hale">
Sonnie Hale

John Robert Hale-Monro (1 May 1902 – 9 June 1959), known as Sonnie Hale, was an English actor, screenwriter, and director.
Early life.
John Robert Hale-Monro was born in Kensington, London, the son of Belle Reynolds and actor Robert Hale. His sister, Binnie Hale, was also an actress. Hale was educated at Beaumont College.
Career.
He worked chiefly in musical and revue theatre, but also acted in several films with occasional screenwriting or directing credits. He first performed on stage at the London Pavilion in 1921 in the chorus of the revue "Fun of the Fayre". A major personal investment in a show to tour the country planned for late 1939 proved financially ruinous due to the outbreak of war and the subsequent closure of most theatres. His slight acquaintance Evelyn Waugh advised him against such an investment. His reply was reported to be the sardonic "War is good for business, don't you know!"
Hale's play "The French Mistress" premiered at Wimbledon Theatre in 1955. It later enjoyed a long West End run, before being adapted into the film "A French Mistress".
Personal life and death.
He was married three times, to:
He left his first marriage to Evelyn Laye for actress Jessie Matthews, an action which led to a backlash among the British public and caused a scandal.
By his second marriage he had one son (died at birth) and one adopted daughter Catherine, Countess Grixoni (born 1935); by his third marriage he had one son, John Robert Hale-Monro (born 1946, died 2013) and a daughter. He also had a daughter Joanna Monro (born 1956) from a subsequent relationship with the actress Frances Bennett.
He died on 9 June 1959 in London from myelofibrosis, aged 57.

</doc>
<doc id="6906828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906828" title="Emmanuel Has Come">
Emmanuel Has Come

After learning that his young nephew was killed in a car accident, Don Moen searched for some way to help bring comfort to his grieving family even as he struggled with his own sorrow. While reading Isaiah 43, he asked God to give him something that would bring hope to the family in the middle of a hopeless situation

</doc>
<doc id="6906836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906836" title="Louis Frey Jr.">
Louis Frey Jr.

Louis Frey Jr. (January 11, 1934 – October 14, 2019) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from 1969 until 1979. He represented Florida's 5th congressional district from 1969 to 1973 and the 9th district from 1973 to 1979, until he ran unsuccessfully in 1978 for the Republican nomination for governor to succeed the term-limited Democrat Reubin Askew of Pensacola.
Early life, education, and career.
Frey was born in Rutherford, New Jersey, the son of Mildred (Engel) and Louis Frey. He graduated in 1951 from Rutherford High School, and received a B.A. in 1955 from Colgate University in Hamilton, New York. He served in the United States Navy in naval aviation from 1955 to 1958, and in the Naval Reserve from 1958 to 1978, where he retired as a captain. In 1961, he earned a J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and he was admitted that same year to the Florida bar.
Legal career.
He worked as a lawyer in private practice, with a brief stint as assistant county solicitor in Orange County, Florida; became an associate, and then partner, in the law firm of Gurney, Skolfield &amp; Frey in Winter Park, Florida, from 1963 to 1967. He then served as acting general counsel of the Florida State Turnpike Authority from 1966 to 1967. Afterwards, he became a partner in 1967 in the law firm of Mateer, Frey, Young &amp; Harbert of Orlando.
Congress.
Frey was first elected in 1968 to succeed Edward Gurney, who in turn became Florida's first Republican U.S. Senator since Reconstruction. Frey himself is the fourth Florida Republican to have been elected to the U.S. House in the 20th century. While in Congress, Frey served on the Interstate and Foreign Commerce Committee, the Science and Technology Committee, and the Select Committee on Narcotics Abuse and Control. Frey received the "Watch Dog of the Treasury Award" in each of his terms for "voting to hold the line against inflation and to curb excess government spending." He also received the "Guardian of Small Business Award".
In 1970, Congressman Frey addressed the Florida Republican State convention in Orlando at a time when divisive primaries for governor and the U.S. Senate had seriously undermined GOP chances of victory in the general election. Senate nominee and U.S. Representative William C. Cramer of St. Petersburg had defeated the former judge G. Harrold Carswell of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Governor Claude R. Kirk Jr., had topped two intraparty rivals, drugstore magnate Jack Eckerd of Clearwater and state Senator and later Congressman L. A. "Skip" Bafalis of Palm Beach. Then Cramer and Kirk, who were intraparty rivals themselves, faced a united Democratic ticket of Lawton Chiles of Lakeland, running for the Senate, and Reubin Askew, the gubernatorial nominee. Though Carswell and Eckerd endorsed Cramer and Kirk, the primary candidates were inactive in the fall campaign. Apprehensive Republicans cheered Frey, who implored the factions to forget their "family feud" and to unite. But Cramer and Kirk both went down to defeat at the hands of Chiles and Askew, respectively.
Frey served as chairman of the Florida Federation of Young Republicans. He was nominated and elected as a Republican to the Ninety-first Congress and to the four succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1969 to January 3, 1979) from what was then the 5th congressional district. Frey was not a candidate for reelection to the Ninety-sixth Congress in 1978. Instead he launched an unsuccessful bid for the Republican nomination for governor, having lost to Jack Eckerd, whom Kirk had beaten for the nomination in 1970.
Statewide campaigns.
In 1980, Frey was an unsuccessful candidate for the Republican nomination to the United States Senate, being defeated by the eventual winner, Senator Paula Hawkins of Maitland. He ran in 1986 for governor again, but he was defeated in the Republican primary by Bob Martinez, the former Republican mayor of Tampa.
Later career and death.
Frey was a past president of The United States Association of Former Members of Congress and served as a member of its executive committee. He regularly provided political commentary on radio and television, co-hosting a show with former Democratic state representative Dick Batchelor on WMFE-FM and appeared on talk shows on WUCF-TV.
Frey resided in Winter Park until his death on October 14, 2019.
The Lou Frey Institute of Politics and Government.
Frey was the founder of The Lou Frey Institute of Politics and Government at the University of Central Florida in Orlando. The institute is described as:

</doc>
<doc id="6906838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906838" title="Pledge of allegience">
Pledge of allegience



</doc>
<doc id="6906839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906839" title="EGLM">
EGLM



</doc>
<doc id="6906846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906846" title="CWG">
CWG

CWG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6906851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906851" title="EGBO">
EGBO



</doc>
<doc id="6906860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906860" title="Ben Adam">
Ben Adam



</doc>
<doc id="6906862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906862" title="Froggy Radio">
Froggy Radio



</doc>
<doc id="6906870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906870" title="Froggy Land">
Froggy Land



</doc>
<doc id="6906874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906874" title="VanGrunsven RV-11">
VanGrunsven RV-11

RV-11 is Richard VanGrunsven's designation for a proposed single-seat touring motor glider design similar in layout to the AMS Carat. Most touring motor gliders are two-seaters; VanGrunsven felt that the lower drag and weight of a single-seater would allow for superior performance.
Although the designation is the 11th in the Van's Aircraft “RV” series, the RV-11 is not a company project. Rather, it is Richard VanGrunsven’s “personal pet project”, being designed and built at his home in his spare time.
The prototype RV-11 uses the wings of an HP-18 sailplane mated to a specially built fuselage. A Jabiru 2200 was installed in the nose. The panel features an I-K Technologies AIM-1 display and a MicroAir radio. The canopy is the aft half of an RV-4 canopy, rotated 180 degrees so as to face forward. Construction is all-metal, except for the PVC ribs in the HP-18 wings and - as is typical in RVs - some small fiberglass components such as the engine cowl and prop spinner.
The RV-11’s single main landing gear is similar to those of a DC-3, retracting up and forward, “half way” into a pod-like fairing on the underside of the belly.
VanGrunsven first announced the RV-11 in an issue of the RVator newsletter published in 2000. In a 2002 issue, VanGrunsven reported that the prototype was “perhaps 80% complete”. Later issues included photos of the build. In 2022, at an EAA event to celebrate the 50 years of Van's Aircraft, VanGrunsven showed recent photos and reported that, although the airplane has not yet been completed, further progress has been made.

</doc>
<doc id="6906877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906877" title="Cinderella Rockafella">
Cinderella Rockafella



</doc>
<doc id="6906881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906881" title="Dr. Aurelia Reinhardt Redwood Regional Park">
Dr. Aurelia Reinhardt Redwood Regional Park

Dr. Aurelia Reinhardt Redwood Regional Park (formerly known as Redwood Regional Park) is a part of the East Bay Regional Parks District (EBRPD) in the San Francisco Bay Area. It is located in the hills east of Oakland, California. The park contains the largest remaining natural stand of coast redwood ("Sequoia sempervirens") found in the East Bay. The park is part of a historical belt of coast redwood extending south to Leona Canyon Regional Open Space Preserve and east to Moraga.
Redwood forests are more commonly found closer to the coast where the air is cool and humid year-round. In the Bay Area, such forests are found in the Santa Cruz Mountains and the Marin Hills. The unique geographical circumstances of the redwood forest in Redwood Regional Park create coastal conditions. Winds funneled through the Golden Gate flow directly across the Bay and are channeled into the linear valley in which the Montclair District of Oakland is situated. This valley is also well-watered all year round and is protected from extremes of temperature and high winds.
History.
Up to the middle of the 19th century, the bulk of the redwood forest lay in the Redwood Creek valley, with extensions to the surrounding ridges. In 1826 British navy captain Frederick William Beechey used the "Navigation Trees", two particularly tall redwood trees along the ridges, to help them navigate in San Francisco Bay. However, logging from 1845 to 1860 wiped out the original trees, leaving only their stumps. A second logging occurred after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. In this instance the second growth redwoods (approximately 50 years old) as well as the stumps from the first generation trees were logged, the site of which is registered as California Historical Landmark #962. The redwoods contained in today's regional park are third-growth trees, many of which are over 100 years old. Only one old-growth redwood remains in the area, a tall tree that seems to grow miraculously out of a rock on a cliff face near Merritt College, which may have survived because it was out of reach for loggers. Once home to a grove named for her, the entire park was named for Dr. Aurelia Reinhardt in 2019.
Activities.
Popular activities for park visitors include picnicking, jogging, hiking, archery, and horseback riding along the of park trails. Fishing is not allowed inside Redwood Regional Park. The park offers four picnic sites that can accommodate groups of 50 to 150 people. Advance reservations are recommended. These are reservable and accessible to handicapped persons. Some overnight group camping areas are also available. Reservations are required. A play structure for children is a quarter mile down Stream Trail from the Canyon Meadow staging area.
Nature watching is another popular activity. The park is home to rare species, such as the golden eagle and the Alameda striped racer. More common fauna are deer, raccoons, rabbits, and squirrels.
The trails are sometimes closed due to severe weather or effects from it or the general maintenance of the park.
Chabot Center.
In 1989 Chabot Observatory &amp; Science Center was formed as a Joint Powers Agency with the City of Oakland, the Oakland Unified School District, and the East Bay Regional Park District, in collaboration with the Eastbay Astronomical Society, and in 1992 was recognized as a nonprofit organization. The project was led by Chabot's Executive Director and CEO, Dr. Michael D. Reynolds, breaking ground for the facility in October 1996 with construction of the new Science Center beginning in May 1998.
In January 2000, anticipating the opening of the new facility, the organization changed its name from Chabot Observatory &amp; Science Center to Chabot Space &amp; Science Center. The new name was chosen to better convey the organization's focus on astronomy and the space sciences, while communicating both the broad range and the technologically advanced nature of programs available in the new Science Center.
Opened August 19, 2000, the Chabot Space &amp; Science Center is an , state-of-the-art science and technology education facility on a site in the hills of Oakland, California, adjoining the western boundary of Redwood Regional Park. 

</doc>
<doc id="6906882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906882" title="FMW Independent World Championship">
FMW Independent World Championship



</doc>
<doc id="6906886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906886" title="Cinderella Rockerfeller">
Cinderella Rockerfeller



</doc>
<doc id="6906887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906887" title="B. W. Stevenson">
B. W. Stevenson

Louis Charles "B. W." Stevenson (October 5, 1949 – April 28, 1988) (originally known as Buckwheat Stevenson) was an American country pop singer and musician, working in a genre which is now called progressive country. "B. W." stood for "Buckwheat". Stevenson was born in Dallas and attended W.H. Adamson High School with other musicians Michael Martin Murphey, Ray Wylie Hubbard, and Larry Groce.
Stevenson performed and was recorded for the intended pilot of "Austin City Limits" on October 13, 1974. However, the recording quality was deemed too poor to broadcast. Willie Nelson's performance taped the following night was aired as the first episode of the program.
"My Maria".
Stevenson's biggest hit was "My Maria", co-written with Daniel Moore. Lindy Blaskey, Moore's music publisher at ABC/Dunhill Records heard Moore's one verse and chorus of "My Maria" but Moore thought it was too bubble-gum sounding. Blaskey gave the verse and chorus to Stevenson and asked him to write an additional verse. When finished, David Kershenbaum, Stevenson's producer at RCA Records, agreed with Blaskey that the song sounded like a hit. "My Maria" was No. 9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for the week ending September 29, 1973, No. 3 in Canada, and was covered later by Brooks &amp; Dunn, for whom it was a three-week No. 1 country hit in mid-1996. Among Stevenson's other singles are "The River of Love" (No. 53 / No. 49CAN), another Moore song; "Down to the Station" (No. 82 /No. 82CAN); and the original version of Daniel Moore's "Shambala" (No. 66). A cover version of "Shambala" by Three Dog Night, reached No. 3 and No. 4 in Canada.
Stevenson recorded a contemporary Christian album titled "Lifeline", produced by Chris Christian, his neighbor in Beverly Hills, California and it had success on Christian radio with the hit "Headin' Home". Stevenson's album "Rainbow Down the Road" was released posthumously and includes a duet with Willie Nelson on "Heart of the Country". Author Jan Reid devotes a chapter to Stevenson in his book "The Improbable Rise of Redneck Rock", dubbing him "The Voice".
Death.
In April 1988, Stevenson went to the hospital to undergo heart valve surgery. He developed a staph infection and died on April 28, at 38. Since his death, Poor David's Pub in Dallas has held an annual songwriting competition in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="6906892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906892" title="FMW Independent Heavyweight Title">
FMW Independent Heavyweight Title



</doc>
<doc id="6906893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906893" title="Cinderella Rockefeller">
Cinderella Rockefeller



</doc>
<doc id="6906897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906897" title="Cinderella Rockafeller">
Cinderella Rockafeller



</doc>
<doc id="6906899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906899" title="Fig.4.0">
Fig.4.0

Fig 4.0 (pronounced "Figure Four") were a hardcore punk band from Leeds and Harrogate, England, formed in 1999 from the remnants of skacore act "Tinker's Rucksack". 2001 saw the release of the album "Action Image Exchange" which presented a series of short, sharp hardcore punk songs, characterising the band's sound. After several years as popular stars of the DIY/underground punk rock scene and growing underground success in the United States, the band split in 2004.
Alderdice and Hastewell went on to form the band The Dauntless Elite. Coy is currently playing in the band Himself.
Musical style.
The band have been categorised as hardcore punk, thrashcore and melodic hardcore. At times their music borders the sound of pop punk and rock and roll. Their music makes use of extremely high tempos contrasted with slower subdued ones and melodic guitar lines. Bombed Out records have described their vocal melodies as "left-field" and compared them to those of Dillinger Four.

</doc>
<doc id="6906909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906909" title="Fredric Niemeyer">
Fredric Niemeyer



</doc>
<doc id="6906910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906910" title="Chuhuiiv">
Chuhuiiv



</doc>
<doc id="6906913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906913" title="Townsend discharge">
Townsend discharge

In electromagnetism, the Townsend discharge or Townsend avalanche is an ionisation process for gases where free electrons are accelerated by an electric field, collide with gas molecules, and consequently free additional electrons. Those electrons are in turn accelerated and free additional electrons. The result is an avalanche multiplication that permits significantly increased electrical conduction through the gas. The discharge requires a source of free electrons and a significant electric field; without both, the phenomenon does not occur.
The Townsend discharge is named after John Sealy Townsend, who discovered the fundamental ionisation mechanism by his work circa 1897 at the Cavendish Laboratory, Cambridge.
General description.
The avalanche occurs in a gaseous medium that can be ionised (such as air). The electric field and the mean free path of the electron must allow free electrons to acquire an energy level (velocity) that can cause impact ionisation. If the electric field is too small, then the electrons do not acquire enough energy. If the mean free path is too short, then the electron gives up its acquired energy in a series of non-ionising collisions. If the mean free path is too long, then the electron reaches the anode before colliding with another molecule.
The avalanche mechanism is shown in the accompanying diagram. The electric field is applied across a gaseous medium; initial ions are created with ionising radiation (for example, cosmic rays). An original ionisation event produces an ion pair; the positive ion accelerates towards the cathode while the free electron accelerates towards the anode. If the electric field is strong enough, then the free electron can gain sufficient velocity (energy) to liberate another electron when it next collides with a molecule. The two free electrons then travel towards the anode and gain sufficient energy from the electric field to cause further impact ionisations, and so on. This process is effectively a chain reaction that generates free electrons. Initially, the number of collisions grows exponentially, but eventually, this relationship will break down—the limit to the multiplication in an electron avalanche is known as the Raether limit. 
The Townsend avalanche can have a large range of current densities. In common gas-filled tubes, such as those used as gaseous ionisation detectors, magnitudes of currents flowing during this process can range from about 10−18 to 10−5 amperes.
Quantitative description.
Townsend's early experimental apparatus consisted of planar parallel plates forming two sides of a chamber filled with a gas. A direct-current high-voltage source was connected between the plates, the lower-voltage plate being the cathode and the upper-voltage the anode. He forced the cathode to emit electrons using the photoelectric effect by irradiating it with x-rays, and he found that the current flowing through the chamber depended on the electric field between the plates. However, this current showed an exponential increase as the plate gaps became small, leading to the conclusion that the gas ions were multiplying as they moved between the plates due to the high electric field.
Townsend observed currents varying exponentially over ten or more orders of magnitude with a constant applied voltage when the distance between the plates was varied. He also discovered that gas pressure influenced conduction: he was able to generate ions in gases at low pressure with a much lower voltage than that required to generate a spark. This observation overturned conventional thinking about the amount of current that an irradiated gas could conduct.
The experimental data obtained from his experiments are described by the formula
where
The almost-constant voltage between the plates is equal to the breakdown voltage needed to create a self-sustaining avalanche: it "decreases" when the current reaches the glow discharge regime. Subsequent experiments revealed that the current rises faster than predicted by the above formula as the distance increases; two different effects were considered in order to better model the discharge: positive ions and cathode emission.
Gas ionisation caused by motion of positive ions.
Townsend put forward the hypothesis that positive ions also produce ion pairs, introducing a coefficient formula_2 expressing the number of ion pairs generated per unit length by a positive ion (cation) moving from anode to cathode. The following formula was found:
since formula_4, in very good agreement with experiments.
The "first Townsend coefficient" ( α ), also known as "first Townsend avalanche coefficient", is a term used where secondary ionisation occurs because the primary ionisation electrons gain sufficient energy from the accelerating electric field, or from the original ionising particle. The coefficient gives the number of secondary electrons produced by primary electron per unit path length.
Cathode emission caused by impact of ions.
Townsend, Holst and Oosterhuis also put forward an alternative hypothesis, considering the augmented emission of electrons by the cathode caused by impact of positive ions. This introduced "Townsend's second ionisation coefficient" formula_5, the average number of electrons released from a surface by an incident positive ion, according to the formula
These two formulas may be thought as describing limiting cases of the effective behavior of the process: either can be used to describe the same experimental results. Other formulas describing various intermediate behaviors are found in the literature, particularly in reference 1 and citations therein.
Conditions.
A Townsend discharge can be sustained only over a limited range of gas pressure and electric field intensity. The accompanying plot shows the variation of voltage drop and the different operating regions for a gas-filled tube with a constant pressure, but a varying current between its electrodes. The Townsend avalanche phenomena occurs on the sloping plateau B-D. Beyond D, the ionisation is sustained.
At higher pressures, discharges occur more rapidly than the calculated time for ions to traverse the gap between electrodes, and the streamer theory of spark discharge of Raether, Meek, and Loeb is applicable. In highly non-uniform electric fields, the corona discharge process is applicable. See Electron avalanche for further description of these mechanisms.
Discharges in vacuum require vaporization and ionisation of electrode atoms. An arc can be initiated without a preliminary Townsend discharge, for example when electrodes touch and are then separated.
Penning discharge.
In the presence of a magnetic field, the likelihood of an avalanche discharge occurring under high vacuum conditions can be increased through a phenomenon known as Penning discharge. This occurs when electrons can become trapped within a potential minimum, thereby extending the mean free path of the electrons [Fränkle 2014].
Applications.
Gas-discharge tubes.
The starting of Townsend discharge sets the upper limit to the blocking voltage a glow discharge gas-filled tube can withstand. This limit is the Townsend discharge breakdown voltage, also called ignition voltage of the tube.
The occurrence of Townsend discharge, leading to glow discharge breakdown, shapes the current–voltage characteristic of a gas-discharge tube such as a neon lamp in such a way that it has a negative differential resistance region of the S-type. The negative resistance can be used to generate electrical oscillations and waveforms, as in the relaxation oscillator whose schematic is shown in the picture on the right. The sawtooth shaped oscillation generated has frequency
where
Since temperature and time stability of the characteristics of gas diodes and neon lamps is low, and also the statistical dispersion of breakdown voltages is high, the above formula can only give a qualitative indication of what the real frequency of oscillation is.
Gas phototubes.
Avalanche multiplication during Townsend discharge is naturally used in gas phototubes, to amplify the photoelectric charge generated by incident radiation (visible light or not) on the cathode: achievable current is typically 10~20 times greater respect to that generated by vacuum phototubes.
Ionising radiation detectors.
Townsend avalanche discharges are fundamental to the operation of gaseous ionisation detectors such as the Geiger–Müller tube and the proportional counter in either detecting ionising radiation or measuring its energy. The incident radiation will ionise atoms or molecules in the gaseous medium to produce ion pairs, but different use is made by each detector type of the resultant avalanche effects.
In the case of a GM tube, the high electric field strength is sufficient to cause complete ionisation of the fill gas surrounding the anode from the initial creation of just one ion pair. The GM tube output carries information that the event has occurred, but no information about the energy of the incident radiation.
In the case of proportional counters, multiple creation of ion pairs occurs in the "ion drift" region near the cathode. The electric field and chamber geometries are selected so that an "avalanche region" is created in the immediate proximity of the anode. A negative ion drifting towards the anode enters this region and creates a localised avalanche that is independent of those from other ion pairs, but which can still provide a multiplication effect. In this way, spectroscopic information on the energy of the incident radiation is available by the magnitude of the output pulse from each initiating event.
The accompanying plot shows the variation of ionisation current for a co-axial cylinder system. In the ion chamber region, there are no avalanches and the applied voltage only serves to move the ions towards the electrodes to prevent re-combination. In the proportional region, localised avalanches occur in the gas space immediately round the anode which are numerically proportional to the number of original ionising events. Increasing the voltage further increases the number of avalanches until the Geiger region is reached where the full volume of the fill gas around the anodes ionised, and all proportional energy information is lost. Beyond the Geiger region, the gas is in continuous discharge owing to the high electric field strength.

</doc>
<doc id="6906918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906918" title="Fred Niemeyer">
Fred Niemeyer



</doc>
<doc id="6906920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906920" title="Brian Torff">
Brian Torff

Brian Q. Torff (born March 16, 1954) is an American jazz double-bassist, songwriter and composer.
Career.
Teacher.
Brian Q. Torff is a Professor of Music and the director of the music program at Fairfield University in Fairfield, Connecticut. He has taught at New York University and makes frequent appearances at the Regina A. Quick Center for the Arts leading the Fairfield University Jazz Ensemble along with guest jazz artists including Randy Brecker, Bob Mintzer, Bernard Purdie, Milt Hinton, Dave Samuels and Paul Wertico.
Performer.
Brian Q.Torff is a bassist, songwriter, composer and educator. His album, 'Run With Scissors,' features his music in a 'Delta Electric' style, combining vintage southern style instruments with drum machines. Torff has performed as a featured bass soloist leading his own trio and has appeared at Lincoln Center, the Hollywood Bowl, the Kennedy Center and Birdland in New York City. Torff performed at Carnegie Hall for Fiddle Fest, where he appeared with Mark O'Connor, Dave Grusin, Regina Carter, Yo-Yo Ma, Itzhak Perlman, and Pinchas Zukerman. He served as co-chair person for the music advisory board for the National Endowment for the Arts in 1992.
Brian Torff's professional career began in 1974 when bassist Milt Hinton offered him the opportunity of touring with Cleo Laine. During the late 70s, Torff recorded and performed with pianists Mary Lou Williams and Marian McPartland, and toured Australia, New Zealand, and Hong Kong with jazz violinist Stéphane Grappelli. He played in pianist Erroll Garner's last group and worked in the big bands of Oliver Nelson, and The Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Orchestra.
In 1979, Brian Torff joined in a duo with pianist George Shearing. In the course of their three-and-a-half-year collaboration, they toured throughout the U.S., Europe, Brazil, and South Africa and were featured on "The Tonight Show", "The Merv Griffin Show", and their own PBS special from the Cafe Carlyle in New York City. They received worldwide acclaim and were invited to perform at the White House in 1982 for President Ronald Reagan. Their third album won a Grammy Award for vocalist Mel Tormé.
Composer and author.
Torff has composed works with George Shearing and Larry Coryell and orchestral scores that have been performed by the Boston Pops, Los Angeles Philharmonic, and the Pittsburgh Symphony. He has appeared as conductor, composer, and clinician for numerous high school and college jazz festivals. He is the author of the book "In Love With Voices: A Jazz Memoir" (2008), which chronicles his early musical roots and portraits of musicians he has worked with, including Frank Sinatra, Mel Tormé, Erroll Garner, Benny Goodman, Mary Lou Williams, Marian McPartland, Stephane Grappelli, and George Shearing. 
Discography.
With George Shearing
With Sonny Stitt

</doc>
<doc id="6906922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906922" title="Hannah Montana (video game)">
Hannah Montana (video game)



</doc>
<doc id="6906923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906923" title="Round Of Drinks">
Round Of Drinks



</doc>
<doc id="6906924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906924" title="Public broadcaster">
Public broadcaster



</doc>
<doc id="6906931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906931" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Caserta">
List of municipalities of the Province of Caserta

The following is a list of the 104 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Caserta in the region of Campania in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6906932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906932" title="Round of Drinks">
Round of Drinks



</doc>
<doc id="6906941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906941" title="Hargurchet Singh Bhabra">
Hargurchet Singh Bhabra



</doc>
<doc id="6906953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906953" title="Vom Bäumlein, das andere Blätter hat gewollt">
Vom Bäumlein, das andere Blätter hat gewollt

Vom Bäumlein, das andere Blätter hat gewollt ("Of the little tree which wished for different leaves") is a short anti-Semitic propaganda cartoon produced in 1940 in the Fascist German movie studio Zeichenfilm GmbH.
Plot.
The film depicts a golden tree inhabited by little birds, whose leaves (all but one) are stolen by a caricature of a Jewish man: "Aber wie es Abend ward, ging der Jude durch den Wald, er steckt sie ein, geht eilends fort und lässt das leere Bäumlein dort..."
Production.
The cartoon is based on a poem by Friedrich Rückert of the same name. It was produced by Hubert Schonger and directed by Heinz Tischmeyer.
The poem.
Rückert's poem begins,
"Es ist ein Bäumlein gestanden im Wald"
"In gutem und schlechtem Wetter" 
A little tree stood in the forest
In good and bad weather

</doc>
<doc id="6906955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906955" title="Wobbies world">
Wobbies world



</doc>
<doc id="6906960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906960" title="A-280a">
A-280a



</doc>
<doc id="6906961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906961" title="Derekh Hamelekh">
Derekh Hamelekh



</doc>
<doc id="6906968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906968" title="Հայաստանի Հանրապետություն">
Հայաստանի Հանրապետություն



</doc>
<doc id="6906969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906969" title="Tom Hyer">
Tom Hyer

Tom Hyer (January 1, 1819 – June 26, 1864) was an American bare-knuckle boxer. He became a heavyweight boxing champion after defeating Country McCloskey in a long brutal fight in New York on September 9, 1841, though there was no sanctioning body to recognize his championship. Until he retired in 1851, he was widely celebrated as the first Heavyweight Boxing Champion of America. His victory increased American participation in boxing, and made him a celebrity; generating fight coverage and publicity in hundreds of American newspapers.
Hyer was a brawler and engaged in several bar fights. The fights he had as a result of his political association with the nativist Bowery Boys' anti-immigration gang in 1855, were often particularly violent, and often involved weapons.
Early life and boxing strengths.
Thomas Hyer was born in New York City, New York, on 1 Jan 1819. Documentation proving the date of his birth, his father's birth, and that of his ancestors is found in 'Hyer and Allied Families' by Claudia E. Thomas, published 2022 Tom died 26 June 1864 in New York City, New York. The book also addresses the error of the 1944 article stating he was born in Pennsylvania.
He worked as a butcher at the old Washington Market in New York before entering boxing; staying with butchering as a sideline. After he had won several fights, he opened a bar on New York's Park Row attended widely by Know Nothing Party friends, New York natives, who were anti-immigration. He was of Dutch ancestry, a heritage common among New York's earliest settlers. His father Jacob Hyer also worked as a butcher, and briefly earned a living as a boxer, reportedly fighting an opponent named Tom Beasley in 1816, using the older Broughton rules of England, in what is now considered the first official boxing match known to have been held in America. Tom's father broke his arm in the fight, and never boxed again.
In his boxing prime, as seen at left, Tom Hyer had a huge chest, and long, muscular rangy arms with extremely wide shoulders, that gave him both strength and reach. His long legs and springy hips helped give speed, leverage, power, and placement to his punches.
His favorite blow was a crushing left to the collarbone. He was not known as a scientific boxer with exceptionally finessed defensive skills, but was more of a brawler who had to trade blows in order to deliver a blow of his own. A signature move was to lead with a left swing, which he sometimes feinted, in order to score with a well placed short right uppercut. He used this strategy to win his fights against both Country McCloskey and Yankee Sullivan. Fine scientific boxing with a calculated defense involving feints with the arms and forward foot were rarely a feature of bareknuckle boxing in the 1840s, nor necessary with the undisciplined nature of London Prize Ring Rules. Other than gouging, hitting a man when he was down, kicking, hitting or grabbing below the waist, most moves were permitted, including throwing a man down or holding him to inflict blows. Unlike London Prize rules where a round ended anytime a man's knee touched the ground, the Marquess of Queensberry rules used today required gloves, had fixed three minute rounds, and made it illegal to throw a man down or to hold him to inflict blows.
Heavyweight Champion of America, 1841.
Hyer was recognized as the bare-knuckle boxing Heavyweight Champion of America after a 101-round victory over George McCheester, known as Country McCloskey, at Caldwell's Landing in New York City, on September 9, 1841. McClosky was one of several lieutenants to Isaiah Rynders who supported the Tweed Ring, backers of the corrupt Tammany Hall political machine and rivals of Hyer and his supporters. The intense battle in the scorching sun of the open air arena reportedly lasted 2 hours, fifty minutes before McCloskey's seconds threw up the sponge ending the bout in the 101st round. Hyer began with roughly an eight-pound weight advantage as well as an inch advantage in height. The first 11 rounds seemed to favor McClosky, but the tide turned by the 28th when Hyer unleashed a tremendous, left-hander on Country's nose, which caused serious bleeding. In the forty-fourth Hyer, with a tremendous blow, opened a deep gash in Country's head. After seventy-three rounds had been fought neither would give in, although McClosky was terribly injured. In the 74th, both men were knocked to the ground, and yet the fight continued. It was clear by the 90th round that McClosky could not win. In the ninety-fifth round McCloskey was knocked down again and was obviously badly injured. Again his seconds tried to stop the fight, but he begged to be allowed to fight while he still had sight. By the 100th round, in complete control, Hyer could hit McCloskey at will as he put up little defense. After the 101st, Yankee Sullivan, McCloskey's chief second exclaimed, "It is no use Country, banging at him. he's got you licked." In the brutal affair, McClosky was said to have been beaten til his friends could barely recognize him. Considering the intensity of the bout, it is not surprising that Hyer did not fight again for eight-and-half years.
The death of Tom McCoy following his loss to Chris Lilly in Westchester County on September 13, 1842, led to a more vigorous enforcement of the laws against prizefighting, and ultimately delayed the matching of Hyer with Yankee Sullivan. Sullivan had been arrested and imprisoned for nearly two years after the fight for working as its principal promoter.
In 1842, Hyer was challenged by the Heavyweight Champion of England Ben Caunt, but no fight was held. Caunt had come to America to look for bouts, but was not willing to make a match after his arrival. Believing he would not receive a favorable deal, he returned to England.
Bout with Yankee Sullivan, 1849.
Factions behind the fight.
Hyer first met "Yankee Sullivan", an Irishman with the real name James Ambrose, at an Oyster Bar at the corner of New York's Broadway and Park Place early in 1849. Sullivan had planned to meet him there for a brawl, possibly for publicity, but according to most newspapers of the day, with the clear intent of doing him harm. Hyer was reported to have won the brief encounter, and then loaded a pistol to protect himself from Sullivan's soon- to-arrive supporters. They arrived shortly after, but the police intervened and prevented any bloodshed. Sullivan had acted as a second to McClosky in his loss to Hyer in 1841, and had hoped to avenge McClosky by defeating Hyer. According to one source, Sullivan was a bit of a ruffian and petty criminal when he was boxing in London during his early fighting days, and was sent to a British penal colony in Australia, to serve time. His battle with Hyer was more than a prize fight. It was a statement by two warring factions in New York, in short "a proxy battle between anti-immigrant nativists represented by Hyer and his Bowery Boys gang, and the Irish immigrants backed by Tammany Hall, and represented by Sullivan and his followers. As noted by Chris Klein, "Boxing was closely involved with politics in America after the Civil War, and fighters forged close ties with corrupt urban political machines that relied on muscle (and often gangs) to help their candidates win elections". Opposing political factions often made up gangs and expressed their animosity using warfare in the streets, on occasion taking over balloting places to secure their candidates would win.
Maryland sends militia.
Seeking to stop Sullivan and Hyer from fighting, George Richardson, the Attorney General of Maryland, where boxing was banned, sent two companies of state militia to Pooles Island, where the fight was originally intended to take place, but the boxers moved the bout East to Still Pond heights. Though 300 souls had first steamed to Pooles to observe the fight, only 200 or so spectators were said to attend the bout, as others may have been frightened of arrest by the Maryland militia, as a cornerman for Sullivan and George Thompson, the trainer for Hyer had earlier spent a brief stay in jail after being arrested on Pooles Island.
According to the "Police Gazette", and other sources Hyer had nearly a four-inch height advantage, and as much as a thirty-pound advantage in weight over Sullivan: a disparity that would likely have prevented their being matched today. Hyer's advantage in reach gave him another important edge in the fight. On February 7, 1849, Hyer finally defeated Sullivan in a scorching battle that commenced around 4:00 pm. The match went 16 rounds at Still Pond Creek, a cold and snowy outdoor arena on the East Maryland shore, ten miles below Poole's Island where the fight was originally planned. The close betting gave the edge to Sullivan, 100 to 89. Despite his being the smaller man, Sullivan had been undefeated in eight fights, primarily in Australia and England, and had claimed the Middleweight Championship of England in February 1841, against Johnny "Hammer" Lane.
Details of the Sullivan fight.
Sullivan hoped to use what he believed to be an advantage in grappling, to weaken the larger Hyer by way of hard throws, legal in London Prize Ring Rules. When this failed, Hyer's superior reach and height allowed him to dominate Sullivan. Several accounts do report that Sullivan attempted to throw Hyer early in the match with some success, and credited him with the first three. As the fight progressed, Sullivan was down in the fourth and again in the sixth, but arose. Within 17 minutes of the start of the bout, Sullivan was badly hurt, and had had his right eye lanced to prevent it from swelling shut. By the thirteenth round, Sullivan was flagging badly, taking almost two blows to each one he weakly delivered to Hyer. Sullivan's right arm was wrenched in the 15th.
According to the "Milwaukee Sentinel", writing the day after the fight, once Sullivan was exhausted, Hyer caught his head under his arm before he could fall in the 15th, and punched him repeatedly. This attack ended the bout, and Sullivan could not return for the 16th. Several telegraphed reports received the day after the fight as well as the detailed written account by the reliable "Brooklyn Daily Eagle" confirm this account and it appears to be accurate. Published years later, the "Police Gazette" did not make mention of Hyer holding Sullivan around the head, but did accurately note that the fight ended after Hyer dropped Sullivan to the ground at the end of the 15th and fell on top of him. When Hyer stood up, it was clear, Sullivan could not continue. Sullivan, unable to rise at the end, had to be carted off by his seconds.
After being declared the winner, Hyer followed the tradition of London Prize Ring Rules, and tore Sullivan's green and white silk banner, representing the colors of Ireland, from its stake by the ring and triumphantly displayed it to the crowd. Hyer's banner was the American Stars and Stripes, in some ways representing his alliance with the nationalist, somewhat anti-immigrant, Whig Party; which was allied with the Know-Nothing Party. After the bout, Sullivan was taken to Mt. Hope Hospital where he was treated for his injured arm, badly blackened eyes and a slight skull fracture, but released the following day. The fight lasted 17 minutes, 18 seconds and Hyer won an exceptionally large $10,000 purse in a battle that he dominated, though Sullivan took his $10,000 as well. Much of the way back from Chesapeake Bay to New York, Hyer was greeted and cheered by large crowds that lined the streets of cities and towns, for parades of victory. This was a widely publicized boxing match at the time and helped to ignite the sport's popularity, despite the bout being illegal in Maryland, and clearly a brutal affair.
Two days later, Hyer was celebrated when he arrived in Philadelphia by a triumphal procession after his victory over Sullivan, and there were even exaggerated reports in the newspapers of his becoming a Whig candidate for the Presidency of the United States. Once the celebrations ended, Hyer was required to attend a hearing in Philadelphia before a judge who was waiting for a requisition from the Governor of Maryland to prosecute him for the fight. He was briefly held at Moyamensing Prison while waiting for the requisition from Maryland, but it never arrived.
In mid-April, 1849, Hyer appeared in a sold-out performance at Griffin's Mansion House in Albany, New York with his trainer, George Thompson, to perform the play "Tom and Jerry". The play was a theatrical adaptation of the boxing historian Pierce Egan's Life in London.
Vacating championship, 1851.
In 1850, Hyer challenged the "Tipton Slasher", William Perry, reigning Heavyweight Champion of England, but no fight was held.
In 1851, Hyer retired from the ring and relinquished the Heavyweight Championship of America; whereupon Yankee Sullivan claimed the title. Hyer would not fully retire from the ring, and though he would continue to contract fights, very few would take place.
Boxing comeback attempt.
On October 26, 1854, one source reports that Hyer lost to Pat McGowan in St. Louis in a little-known first round disqualification. The "Evening Star" noted that the boxer was not Tom Hyer but another boxer of the same name from California, and that the fight went a rough 64 rounds. On July 20, 1857, Hyer lost decisively to Tom Hunter in Washington, D.C., in his last known fight. To the knowledge of most Americans, he retired undefeated, as his last fight was very poorly publicized.
Association with "Bowery Boys", 1854-5.
In 1854 Hyer was scheduled to fight Irishman John Morrissey, at one time the head of New York's mostly Irish Dead Rabbits gang, who were rivals of Hyer's anti-immigrant gang, the Bowery Boys, but Morrissey did not show for the fight. Morrissey and Hyer were later scheduled to fight a duel in mid-February 1855 over a sum of money, around $100, owed to Morrisey from Hyer as a result of the fight not taking place, but though Morrissey arrived, Hyer and Hughes, the party to duel Morrissey, did not.
Morrissey would defeat "Yankee" Sullivan, on September 1, 1853, and later become a United States congressman from New York in 1867, backed by New York's corrupt political machine, Tammany Hall. Like many Irish pugilists backed by Tammany Hall, Morrissey was a rival of William Poole, head of the Bowery Boys Gang, and on August 8, 1854, a fight was arranged between Poole and Morrissey at the corner of "West and Amos-street". Poole forced Morrissey to end the fight in an extremely brutal exchange.
Hyer was associated financially and politically with William Poole's Bowery Boys gang, native-born New Yorkers who generally supported the Know Nothing anti-immigrant political party, but opposed Catholics, the Irish, and the corrupt Irish political machine, Tammany Hall. On mid-January, 1855, Hyer was reported to have been struck and injured in the head twice by the butt of a heavy revolver in an incident at New York's Platt's Hall below Wallick's Theater, by the former boxer Lew Baker, a rival of the Bowery Boys gang. Also present was Henry Young and Jim Turner, a former boxer and friend of Baker, who also briefly assaulted Hyer. Hyer filed an assault charge against the three men two days later. Turner was also accused in the same month on January 6 of attempting to fire a shot at Hyer, at the Broadway Bar with his six shooter, though the gun missed, and when Hyer returned a shot at Turner it missed, preventing both men from serious injury. A few accounts record Hyer may have had his neck grazed by a bullet from Turner in the altercation.
Hyer was not known to have been present two weeks later at another gang incident at New York's Stanwix Hall at 1:00 on February 24, where Poole was shot and wounded in the leg by Lew Baker, and further assaulted by others He eventually died at his home. Also present at the February 24 incident was John Morrissey, well known to Hyer, a rival with whom he had previously scheduled a bout. The life of William Poole and the Bowery Bows gang is depicted in highly fictionalized form, in Martin Scorsese's 2002 film "Gangs of New York".
In January 1855, Hyer was arrested and apprehended in New York on charges of running a gambling house on Park Place, in New York.
Life after boxing, 1857-64.
Taking advantage of his political connections, in 1857 Hyer was appointed Superintendent of Lands and Places, by New York Street Commissioner Connor. Other pugilists were appointed to positions as well.
As late as 1860, Hyer was reported to have been in Washington, D.C., offering to give sparring lessons to Congressmen. In the same year, according to one source, Hyer attempted to schedule fights with the "Benicia Boy", John C. Heenan, but satisfactory terms were not met.
After his full retirement from the ring, he lived briefly in Washington, D.C. According to one account, he became a good friend of both Abraham Lincoln and Secretary of State William Seward, which seems plausible considering his national prominence and his political connections with the Whig Party. Hyer met Lincoln in 1861 in New York City when Lincoln was traveling to Washington for his inauguration. Before the war he briefly ran a saloon near Laura Kern's Theater.
Union Army service.
In the Civil War, Hyer worked as a sutler, selling wares including food from the back of a wagon or tent, and traveling with the Union Army as it went from field to field. He contacted rheumatism during the winter of 1862 while sutlering at Hooker's camp, and returned to Washington disabled. His condition may have been exacerbated by his boxing injuries and the wounds he received from James Turner in 1855.
Death from cardiac edema.
He was ill for four months prior to his death. To help raise money for his care and his family, a benefit was given to him shortly before his death around June 21, 1864, at New York's Stuyvesant Hall, where thousands gathered to see him briefly address the crowd from his wheel chair, accompanied by thunderous applause.
Hyer died on June 26, 1864, at his home in Brooklyn, with a reported cause of death as "cardiac dropsy" or edema as it is now known. A few accounts report that his early demise was at least partly due to excessive drinking. His funeral took place on June 28. Hyer was survived by his mother and wife, the former Emma Beke of Maine and his one daughter, Charlotte, who later married Floyd Grant. After Hyer's funeral, which was poorly attended, John Morrissey, a former rival, contributed $250 to Hyer's widow and mother, with an additional $250 raised by others in attendance. He and his family were interred at the Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York, where a large monument marks his burial site.
He was inducted into Ring Magazine's Boxing Hall of Fame in 1954.
Selected fights and important brawls.
Gunfight w/Jim Turner January 6

</doc>
<doc id="6906970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906970" title="Mr. Nosey">
Mr. Nosey



</doc>
<doc id="6906974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906974" title="Hayastani Hanrapetutyun">
Hayastani Hanrapetutyun

Hayastani Hanrapetutyun (also spelled Hayastany Hanrapetutyun, Romanization of ) was the official newspaper of Armenia, until it was dissolved by Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications for financial reasons from June 1, 2023.
The newspaper was founded on September 6, 1990 by the Armenian parliament as its official publication. In 2000-2001, the newspaper was converted into a joint-stock company with the President's Office, the National Assembly, the Armenian government, and the Department of Information each holding a 25% share.

</doc>
<doc id="6906979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906979" title="Chedraui">
Chedraui

Chedraui (Chedraui Group) is a publicly traded Mexican grocery store and department store chain which also operates stores in the U.S. in the states of California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, and Nevada under the banner name El Super and stores in Texas under the banner name Fiesta Mart. It is traded on the Mexican Stock Exchange under the symbol CHEDRAUI.
History.
Chedraui was founded in 1927 in Xalapa, Veracruz, by Lebanese immigrant Lázaro Chedraui Chaya and his wife Ana Caram. They founded towards 1920 a haberdashery in the city of Xalapa, Veracruz. Originally the business was called the Port of Beirut, clearly showing its origin, but for 1927 would adopt the name "House Chedraui: the Only One to Trust". In 1971 it opened the first supermarket in Xalapa, Veracruz. In 2005 it bought 29 supermarkets from Carrefour in Central and Southern Mexico. Chedraui's primary competition includes large grocers and hypermarkets such as Soriana, Walmart and Comercial Mexicana.
According to Hoover's, it is "Mexico's third-largest retailer (after Walmart and Soriana), the supermarket giant sells groceries, apparel, and non-perishable items in 262 stores."
The California operations began in 1997, later expanded to Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas. The stores there are branded El Super, and operated by Grupo Chedraui's Bodega Latina Corporation, headquartered in Paramount, CA until in around 2023 or 2024. The headquarters has since been closed, and moved to Smart &amp; Final headquarters in the city of Commerce. In 2018, Bodega Latina also acquired Fiesta Mart in Texas. 
In 2022, Bodega Latina acquired the 250-store Smart and Final banner stores from Apollo Global Management. Following the acquisition, Bodega Latina changed its corporate name to Chedraui USA. Additionally, Smart&amp;Final del Noroeste was created through a joint venture between S&amp;F Mexico and Grupo Calimax. Smart &amp; Final operates on a non-membership basis, allowing customers to shop without the need for a membership.
Store Formats.
Traditional Formats (México).
Grupo Comercial Chedraui.
Flagship format of the chain, whose business model consists of a mix between a hypermarket and a self-service warehouse, with an area of between 4,000 and 11,000 sq m of sales floor, which has a wide assortment of groceries, perishable foods, general merchandise and clothing, operating with a retail sales scheme. This store format is aimed at cities and/or metropolitan areas that have at least 50,000 inhabitants.
Its main competitors in the sector are:
In 2005, after the withdrawal of Carrefour from the Mexican market and their subsequent stores sale, all their stores located in the center, western, southern and southeastern regions of Mexico were converted to Chedraui, with the exception of the Monterrey store which was transferred to Walmart due to Chedraui's reluctance and refusal to invest in the Metropolitan area of Monterrey, despite having a distribution center north of it, while the stores located in the states of Coahuila, Chihuahua and Sonora were purchased by Soriana, which converted them to Soriana Híper.
Supermarket format which has an area of between 1,000 and 2,500 sq m of sales floor. They sell an optimized assortment of groceries, perishable foods, general merchandise and clothing, which are products with the highest turnover in hypermarkets. This format is aimed at cities with between 10,000 and 50,000 inhabitants as well as in areas where it's not possible to locate a traditional-sized Chedraui store.
Its main competitors in the sector are:
Warehouse format with a sales floor area of between 2,000 and 2,500 sq m, which offers basic necessities, such as groceries, perishable foods and general merchandise, which, due to the sales floor space, are also products with the highest rotation in hypermarkets. This format is usually located in cities with between 10,000 and 50,000 inhabitants as well as in areas where it's not possible to locate a traditional-sized Chedraui store.
Its main competitors in the sector are:
Convenience self-service format with a sales floor area of between 100 and 500 square meters that is aimed to provide agile and fast purchases to the consumer through a mini-supermarket scheme in the neighborhood where the stores are located. It handles a moderate assortment of groceries, perishables and household items. They are commonly located in large and medium-sized cities, which have areas of high population density, such as popular neighborhoods. They are also located in smaller commercial plazas (express plazas). 
Its main competitors in the sector are:
First store created by the group that is still preserved today, located in the municipality of Xalapa, Veracruz (its headquarters city). Their marketing was initially based on fabrics and clothing, now in actuality they also handle products from their other formats.
Premium Formats (México).
Grupo Comercial Chedraui.
They are the chain's premium hypermarkets located in high-income areas with high-net-worth customers. This format is responsible for offering, in addition to what Chedraui regularly offers, high-value products such as wines and liquors, gourmet breads and pastries, exotic meats and gourmet foods, in addition to having restaurants and food stalls that offer the consumer dishes both national as well as international. Unlike Chedraui's traditional format, this store concept is aimed at cities with more than 300,000 inhabitants, which have areas with high-income populations.
In the premium hypermarket sector its main competitors nationwide are:
They are premium supermarkets of the chain located in areas with medium and high incomes, which have clients with high purchasing power. This format is responsible for offering, in addition to what the Super Chedraui format offers, high-value products such as wines and liquors, gourmet breads and cakes, exotic meats and gourmet foods, in addition to having restaurants and food stalls that offer consumers both national and international dishes. Unlike the Super Chedraui format, this store concept is aimed at cities with more than 300,000 inhabitants, which have areas with a medium and high-income population.
In the premium supermarket sector its main competitors nationwide are:
They are the premium convenience stores of the chain located in areas with medium and high incomes, which have clients with high purchasing power. This store format is a fusion between the Supercito format with the Selecto brand, which offers consumers groceries, perishables, gourmet bakery and pastries, exotic meats, high-value wines and liquors and gourmet products, among others, in addition to have a cafeteria. This store concept is aimed mainly at cities where the vertical growth they experience is taking place.
In the premium convenience store profile, its main competitors are:
Acquired Formats (México).
Smart &amp; Final.
Smart &amp; Final México:
In 2021, Chedraui acquired the Smart &amp; Final wholesale stores from Bodega Latina, which in Mexico are currently operated under a joint venture with Calimax, which currently have a presence in the States of Baja California (Mexicali, Tijuana, Ensenada, Rosarito and Tecate) and Sonora (San Luis Río Colorado). Its store concept is wholesale price clubs with an area of between 1,000 and 2,000 sq m of sales floor which handle products with a wholesale and half-wholesale sales scheme, such as groceries, perishables and frozen foods, which are presented through multi-packaging or in large capacities. Unlike its competitors in Mexico, this concept does not require membership upon entry and/or at the time of purchase.
As a price club, its competitors at the national level are:
Arteli.
This chain of self-service stores of origin in Tamaulipas was originally founded on November 15, 1978 by businessman Arturo Elizondo in Tampico, Tamaulipas (its first store is Arteli Hidalgo in Tampico). It was announced on December 14, 2022 that Grupo Comercial Chedraui acquired the 36 Arteli stores located in the states of Tamaulipas, Veracruz, San Luis Potosí and Hidalgo plus a CEDIS located in Tampico (its headquarters city) and a bread, tortilla and meat processing plant.
This store concept has a sales floor area of 2,500 to 4,000 sq m, whose supermarket format handles departments such as groceries, bakery, pastries, tortillas, fruits and vegetables, delicatessen, cheeses, meats, fish and seafood, prepared food, salad bar and wines and spirits.
In the supermarket sector, Arteli competes mainly with similar formats, such as:
Before its integration, it also competed with Súper Chedraui and Selecto Súper Chedraui.
Concept that provides, in addition to what its main format offers, departments and services such as pharmacy, appliances, electronics, seasonal items, minor goods and household items among others, in addition to managing a wide assortment of groceries, perishables and prepared food with a sales area of between 2,500 and 5,000 sq m.
In the supermarket plus sector, Arteli Más competes mainly with similar formats, such as:
Before its integration, it also competed with Chedraui and Selecto Chedraui.
Format conceptualized as a convenience store with a sales floor area of between 300 and 1,000 sq m, which are usually located in areas of high population density. Basically it is a mini-super focused on basic consumption, which is why it manages a very moderate assortment of edible and non-edible groceries, meat, fruits and vegetables, dairy and frozen foods, cold drinks, pet food, cleaning supplies, and household items, and in some stores, beers, wines and spirits.
In the convenience store sector, Arteli Express competes mainly with similar formats, such as:
Before its integration, it competed with Supercito.
Format available under the concept of self-service warehouse type with a sales area of 1,000 to 2,000 sq m, aimed at cities with 10,000 to 90,000 inhabitants or in popular neighborhoods of large and medium cities. Its business model consists of a warehouse that offers the consumer mainly essential products through departments such as groceries, perishables and household items, with the main objective of offering the best price to the community or area where it is located.
In the warehouse supermarket sector, AKÁ Súperbodega competes mainly with similar formats, such as:
Before its integration, it competed with Chedraui, Súper Chedraui and Súper Che

</doc>
<doc id="6906980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906980" title="Российская Федерация">
Российская Федерация



</doc>
<doc id="6906982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906982" title="Guy II of Spoleto">
Guy II of Spoleto

Guy II (sometimes III) (died late 882 or early 883) was the eldest son and successor of Lambert I as Duke of Spoleto and Margrave of Camerino. He was elected to succeed to these titles on his father's death in 880. He had an ambitious plan of expansion to the south and to the west that conflicted with the Papacy.
He received a papal letter on 18 July in the year of his accession. Pope John VIII asked for a meeting, but Guy ignored him and instead invaded the Papal States. John responded by begging the aid of Charles the Fat, already King of Italy, and crowning him Emperor on 12 February 881. Charles did little to help against Guy, however. A papal letter dated 11 November and addressed to Charles referred to Guy as "Rabbia", an epithet meaning "rage." It stuck as a nickname.
As ruler, Guy used the motto "Renovatio regni Francorum" (renewing the kingdom of the Franks), like his Carolingian predecessors. In February 882, at a diet convoked in Ravenna by Charles, the duke, emperor, and pope made peace and Guy and his uncle, Guy of Camerino, vowed to restore stolen papal lands. In a March letter to Charles, John claimed that the vows went unfulfilled. Guy never succeeded in his dreams of expansion or in keeping his promises: he died young, later that year or early in the next. His uncle succeeded him, as his children were minors. His son Guy IV later ruled in Spoleto and the Principality of Benevento. His daughter Itta married Guaimar I of Salerno.

</doc>
<doc id="6906984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906984" title="Lovin' Is Easy">
Lovin' Is Easy



</doc>
<doc id="6906985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906985" title="Soul Nomad &amp; the World Eaters">
Soul Nomad &amp; the World Eaters

Soul Nomad &amp; the World Eaters is a strategy role-playing game (SRPG), developed and published by Nippon Ichi Software. The game was initially released for PlayStation 2 on February 15, 2007 in Japan, September 25 in North America, and June 26 and 27, 2008 in Australia and Europe, respectively. It was later ported to Steam and Nintendo Switch (as part of the "Prinny Presents NIS Classics Volume 1" compilation) and released worldwide in the August of 2021.
The game centres around the adventures of Revya, the gender-selectable silent protagonist, to defeat several sentient magical weapons, called the World Eaters, that were once commanded centuries earlier by Gig, the godlike "Master of Death". Gig, now sealed forcibly within Revya, is begrudgingly forced to lend them his power, although he attempts to tempt Revya down the path of evil. Critics positively received the game's story for its originality, but it was criticized for its lack of gameplay depth compared to other Nippon Ichi titles.
Gameplay.
A key element of the game is customization, as the game is a strategy role-playing game, much like the majority of Nippon Ichi Software's games, giving the player many more options to choose from when progressing through the story. When the game begins, the player chooses the gender and name of the main character, a change from other Nippon Ichi games.
At the very beginning of the game the main character can become powerful enough to destroy even the final boss, but relying on Gig too much would be the equivalent of just letting the world be destroyed. Instead, the player is expected to build and train an army of units capable of handling whatever comes his or her way, relying on Gig's powers as little as possible.
The player is given the ability to create and command squads, which after enough time, will become an army capable of destroying the world he or she is trying to save. Up to 25 different character types can be created, each filling a unique position in the squad with its own strengths and weaknesses. Characters' individual abilities can do such things as increase the range of an effect or give each unit a bonus to its inflicted damage.
Tedious tasks like visiting the same area over and over in order to level new characters (a staple of older Nippon Ichi titles) are no longer necessary as any new units may be purchased up to the level of the main character. Also, unlike the older Nippon Ichi titles, the player is not allowed to return to older levels. Squads can also be merged in order to increase their power.
The game includes more options for interacting with non-playable characters (NPCs) than previous Nippon Ichi games. It is possible to steal items from shops or NPCs instead of buying them. Additionally, the player can attack the towns and fight against the NPCs inhabiting them. Alternately, the player can recruit NPCs into her or his army.
Story.
History of Prodesto.
In the backstory of the game, at the end of a long war-shattered age, one man brought all the countries in the Continent of Prodesto together under his rule: Lord Median the Conqueror. Though only one man, he became renowned throughout the world for his heroism, but within ten years, the empire Lord Median had created collapsed with the death of his son, quickly followed by his own death. With no apparent leader, the continent collapsed once more into civil war. Fifteen years later, Lord Median's daughter had proven herself as a true leader, and convinced the remaining countries to form peace treaties, establishing peace once more.
This peace collapsed 50 years later, when the "Master of Death" Gig, arrived with three giant beings known as World Eaters under his command. They quickly devastated the land, annihilating entire nations in a matter of days, and it was not long before nations began abandoning their alliances and allying with the World Eaters in an attempt to save themselves.
When things looked their darkest, Layna gathered up what remained of her forces and made a direct assault against Gig, a battle which apparently killed both of them. With their leader gone, the World Eaters fell silent, apparently having gone to sleep, remaining as monuments of the destruction that occurred.
Starting your Journey.
The game starts in the year 800 in the Tamaito calendar. 200 years have passed since the defeat of the shadow at the hands of the technique user Layna. Ever since that day, with the shadow's defeat, the giants known as "The World Eaters" have retained their silence in the continent. The body of one of the giants remains in the peaceful country of Raide, and serves as a symbol of fear to those who pass by it.
Within the country of Raide, there exists a small secluded village that refuses to acknowledge the existence of those from outside world. It is known as the "Hidden Village". In that village lives the protagonist along with their friend Danette, and other members of the Sepp race. Along with Layna, whose age now exceeds 200, the protagonist helps to protect the village.
One day, the protagonist and Danette are called forth by old lady Layna and given weapons to help guard the village. Danette, who has always dreamed of protecting the village, is overjoyed and is given twin daggers. The protagonist is given a long black sword.
The moment the protagonist takes hold of the black sword, it begins to insult and swear at Layna. Both the protagonist and Danette are profoundly confused at this point. It is revealed that 200 years ago, Layna destroyed the shadow and sealed its soul into the black sword. The shadow goes by the name of Gig. To utilize the power of Gig, Layna chose to give this sword to the protagonist.
The protagonist is infused with the soul of Gig, gaining control of his power, and is now able to fight against the World Eaters, who have now reawakened. With Gig residing in our hero's body and Danette, who has been the hero's friend since he/she was young, the protagonist departs into the country of Raide to defeat the World Eaters.
The Demon Path.
"Soul Nomad" is well known for its dark alternate mode, the demon path, which is accessed by choosing the "evil" dialogue options at the start of the game. In this route, Revya decides to use Gig's great power to essentially destroy the world, and strikes down both Layna and Danette at the game's outset. With Gig's eager assistance, the player controls Revya in his/her bloody rampage across the continent, as they become the tyrannical "Devourlord" and commit atrocity after atrocity against the people of Raide. Like the normal mode, the demon path has a number of different dialogue options and endings, as well as unique characters Revya can dominate (mostly villains) that are unplayable in the normal game.
Reception.
The game received an aggregate score of 73/100 from Metacritic, indicating "mixed to average reviews".

</doc>
<doc id="6906988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906988" title="Bar-B-Que">
Bar-B-Que



</doc>
<doc id="6906994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6906994" title="Gundam the Battle Master">
Gundam the Battle Master



</doc>
<doc id="6907002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907002" title="Guy of Spoleto">
Guy of Spoleto

Guy of Spoleto may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6907005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907005" title="Albert Alcibiades">
Albert Alcibiades



</doc>
<doc id="6907009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907009" title="Lambert of Spoleto">
Lambert of Spoleto



</doc>
<doc id="6907014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907014" title="Les Promenades Gatineau">
Les Promenades Gatineau

Les Promenades Gatineau is a major shopping centre located in Canada's National Capital Region in the city of Gatineau, Quebec. The mall is in the intersection of Gréber and Maloney Boulevards, one of the city's busiest intersections, and is just off Autoroute 50. It is the city's largest shopping mall by retail space and by shoppers.
Description.
The mall is considered to be the third-largest shopping centre in the Ottawa–Gatineau area in terms of retail space by trailing St. Laurent Centre's and Bayshore Shopping Centre's . Its website claims that the mall has about a total area of , including its three-story office building in the south side of the complex, which houses a dental clinic and federal government offices.
The mall is sprawled on a single level with several secondary corridors and sections that are lined up in different directions, which can make it difficult to locate smaller boutiques. The anchor tenants include Costco, La Maison Simons, Marshalls, and Sports Experts.
The shopping centre is located in a very busy part of the city and draws people from all over the city because many transit routes pass it. With Polyvalente Le Carrefour being across the road from one of the shopping centre's entrances, the students of the high school often visit it on their lunch breaks or after school.
The mall, which was recently completely renovated and rejuvenated, now houses several new retailers, which have opened, including H&amp;M and La Maison Simons.
History.
The mall opened its doors in 1978 as Les Promenades de l'Outaouais and became a major shopping destination for the City of Gatineau and surrounding areas.
During the 1990s and the early 2000s, the mall experienced some difficulties, as several large retail spaces were left vacant frequently since several stores, even anchor tenants, closed their doors. In the 1990s, Kmart, Eaton's, and Steinberg, which had been at one point the mall's three anchor tenants, all closed their doors.
The Kmart location was occupied by the Laura superstore. It was also, briefly The Bay's appliance section location. The space has since been expanded to accommodate the new La Maison Simons store at the mall.
In the late 1990s, the shopping centre made a major expansion on its eastern end. Previously, the mall ended where the Famous Players cinemas were located. When the renovation process ended, a new anchor tenant was in place: la Baie. Also, a Dollarama, a food court, a new office building, a Christopher International hair salon, and an artisan or small merchants (Boulevard des Artisans) zone were added.
Also during the 1990s, the Eaton store, on the western end of the shopping centre, closed its doors. For several years, the area was for the most part left vacant except when Laura occupied the area for a small period. However, in March 2006, Costco relocated its location from the north end of the city to its current location, at les Promenades. That brought a new life to its western end, which had been often plagued by numerous vacant spaces for several years. Archambault, a Quebec music franchise store, also opened a location in 2005 near Costco and the Buffet Paradis, the mall's Chinese restaurant.
Steinberg also had a supermarket in the mall since its opening until it closed by company folding in 1992. The area was later occupied by Super C and Metro. In 2008, Metro closed and the space remained empty until Urban Planet took over. In 2017, Urban Planet moved to a smaller vacant location across the hall to make room for Marshalls and HomeSense, which opened in March 2018.
Transportation.
Being at one of the city's busiest intersections and near the city's main highway, the mall is very easily accessible and parking space is abundant.
The Société de transport de l'Outaouais offers several routes that travel to various areas across the city from the shopping mall, which is considered to be, outside the downtown core, the most important transit hub in the city. On average per day, 8,000 shoppers use public transit for shopping.
The STO has a major park-and-ride facility, with over 500 parking spaces near the mall. It has also recently rebuilt the transit terminal and has built a new client service centre inside the mall. The client service centre has since moved to La Cité Station when the Rapibus Transit Corridor was opened on October 19, 2013. The number of park-and-ride spaces was also significantly reduced. Transit accessibility was greatly improved by the opening of the Rapibus station, on the north side of the mall.
Routes that serve the shopping centre include: 

</doc>
<doc id="6907015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907015" title="Sons of the Never Wrong">
Sons of the Never Wrong

The Sons of the Never Wrong is a Chicago-based singer/songwriter folk music trio founded in 1992. The current band members are Bruce Roper, Deborah Maris Lader (since 1998), and Sue Demel.
History.
After a chance meeting at a Guitar Center in Chicago, Illinois, Roper invited Nancy Walker to come hear him sing at a local Monday night sing-around at a nightclub, Beat Kitchen. Roper had recently moved to Chicago from Normal, Illinois, where he had run a retail guitar store. At that time, Walker was singing with a friend, Sue Demel, whom she had met through an ad for band members in the "Chicago Reader". After the sing-around, Walker introduced Demel to Roper, and the three decided to try singing together. After a few rehearsals, the three decided to continue as a trio. The band's name is wordplay reminiscent of "The Guns of Navarone" a movie (based on a novel of the same name) and in the tradition of "Sons of" named bands (a.k.a. Roy Rogers' Sons of the Pioneers).
After playing local coffee shops for several months, a chance encounter with Harry Waller led them to play the "WFMT Midnight Special" New Years radio show hosted by Rich Warren. Warren was skeptical about putting the band on the air, as he had never heard of them, but Waller convinced Warren. At the performance that night was Andrew Calhoun of Waterbug Records, who immediately offered Sons a recording contract with his label. Rich Warren would go on to having the Sons play countless times live on "Midnight Special" and has called the trio "Chicago's favorite folk group". He would later honor Sons by proclaiming that Sons were the only performers whose CD "(King Fisher King)" he had played every track from on his radio show.
Nancy Walker left the group in 1998 to pursue a solo career, so Demel and Roper chose Deborah Lader to replace Walker on the strength of her multi-instrumental abilities, her harmony singing and her writing craft.
The band has performed live and recorded continuously since its beginnings.

</doc>
<doc id="6907016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907016" title="Albrecht Alcibiades, Margrave of Brandenburg-Bayreuth">
Albrecht Alcibiades, Margrave of Brandenburg-Bayreuth



</doc>
<doc id="6907017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907017" title="Jaret Holmes">
Jaret Holmes

Jaret D. Holmes (born March 3, 1976) is an American former professional football placekicker in the National Football League (NFL) for the Chicago Bears (1999), New York Giants (2000) and Jacksonville Jaguars (2001). He played high school football at Clinton High School. Holmes played college football at Hinds Community College and Auburn University.

</doc>
<doc id="6907022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907022" title="Bandana, Kentucky">
Bandana, Kentucky

Bandana is a census-designated place (CDP) in Ballard County, Kentucky, United States. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 177.
History.
A post office has been in operation at Bandana since 1880. Some say the community was so named for a traveling salesman who carried his goods in a bandana sack, while others believe the name marks an incident when a bandana was lost by a group of pioneers near the site.
Geography.
Bandana is located in northern Ballard County at the intersection of Kentucky Route 358 (Bandana Road) and Kentucky Route 473 (Needmore Road / Woodville Road). It is south of the Ohio River and west of Paducah.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 203 people, 77 households, and 63 families residing in the CDP. The population density was . There were 101 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the CDP was 97.0% White, 2.5% African American, and 0.5% from two or more races.
There were 77 households, out of which 23.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 70.1% were married couples living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.2% were non-families. 11.7% of all households were made up of individuals living alone, and 9.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 2.87.
In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 21.7% under 18, 3.9% from 20 to 24, 22.1% from 25 to 44, 30.6% from 45 to 64, and 19.3% who were 65 or older. The median age was 44.9 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.6 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $88,906, and the median income for a family was $88,906. The per capita income for the CDP was $40,536.

</doc>
<doc id="6907026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907026" title="Sanwiches">
Sanwiches



</doc>
<doc id="6907029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907029" title="Albert Alcibiades, Margrave of Brandenburg-Bayreuth">
Albert Alcibiades, Margrave of Brandenburg-Bayreuth



</doc>
<doc id="6907040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907040" title="Albrecht Alcibiades, Margrave of Brandenburg-Kulmbach">
Albrecht Alcibiades, Margrave of Brandenburg-Kulmbach



</doc>
<doc id="6907049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907049" title="FMW/WEW Hardcore Championship">
FMW/WEW Hardcore Championship

The FMW/WEW Hardcore Championship was a hardcore wrestling championship contested in Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="6907051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907051" title="Leisureland fair">
Leisureland fair



</doc>
<doc id="6907052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907052" title="High stakes test">
High stakes test



</doc>
<doc id="6907057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907057" title="Sons of the never wrong">
Sons of the never wrong



</doc>
<doc id="6907063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907063" title="Georg Hartung">
Georg Hartung

Georg Hartung (13 July 1821- 28 March 1891) was a pioneering German geologist. He is best known for several books and articles about the islands of Macaronesia, especially the Azores, Madeira and the Canary Islands.
The work of Hartung on the Azores contains illustrations of great scientific interest. Georg Hartung also met and corresponded with Charles Darwin and with Sir Charles Lyell, the pioneer of modern geology, from whom he received scientific samples. He visited the Canary Islands in the winter of 1853 and the spring of 1854.

</doc>
<doc id="6907076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907076" title="Shara Barkhovot">
Shara Barkhovot



</doc>
<doc id="6907079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907079" title="Caribbean gardens">
Caribbean gardens



</doc>
<doc id="6907081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907081" title="The Berenstain Bears Learn About Strangers">
The Berenstain Bears Learn About Strangers



</doc>
<doc id="6907087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907087" title="Bedrossian">
Bedrossian



</doc>
<doc id="6907090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907090" title="WEW Hardcore Tag Team Championship">
WEW Hardcore Tag Team Championship

The WEW Hardcore Tag Team Championship was a tag team hardcore wrestling championship contested in Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling from April 2000 until FMW closed in February 2002. The title was picked up by Big Japan Pro Wrestling that same month, and remained in that promotion until late 2005, when it moved to Kaientai Dojo until 2016. There have been a total of 37 reigns and seven vacancies shared between 30 different teams consisting of 48 distinctive champions. 

</doc>
<doc id="6907094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907094" title="Fireboat Alexander Grantham Exhibition Gallery">
Fireboat Alexander Grantham Exhibition Gallery



</doc>
<doc id="6907098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907098" title="David Klein">
David Klein

David Klein or Dave Klein may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6907099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907099" title="United States Department of Justice Justice Management Division">
United States Department of Justice Justice Management Division

The Justice Management Division (JMD) is a division of the United States Department of Justice. It is the administrative arm of the Department of Justice. Its mission is to support some 40 senior management offices (SMOs), offices, bureaus, and divisions (collectively called "components") of the DOJ. It was formerly called the Office of Management and Finance.

</doc>
<doc id="6907109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907109" title="Nawar">
Nawar

Nawwar or Nawar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6907110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907110" title="Hand music">
Hand music



</doc>
<doc id="6907113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907113" title="Fig 4.0">
Fig 4.0



</doc>
<doc id="6907115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907115" title="Lolium temulentum">
Lolium temulentum

Lolium temulentum, typically known as darnel, poison darnel, darnel ryegrass or cockle, is an annual plant of the genus "Lolium" within the family Poaceae. The plant stem can grow up to one meter tall, with inflorescence in the ears and purple grain. It has a cosmopolitan distribution.
Growth.
Darnel usually grows in the same production zones as wheat and was a serious weed of cultivation, a Vavilovian mimic of wheat, until modern sorting machinery enabled darnel seeds to be separated efficiently from seed wheat. The similarity between these two plants is so great that in some regions, darnel is called "false wheat". It bears a close resemblance to wheat until the ear appears. The spikes of "L. temulentum" are more slender than those of wheat. The spikelets are oriented edgeways to the rachis and have only a single glume, while those of wheat are oriented with the flat side to the rachis and have two glumes. Wheat will appear brown when ripe, whereas darnel is black.
Darnel can be infected by an endophytic fungus of the genus "Neotyphodium" and the endophyte-produced, insecticidal loline alkaloids were first isolated from this plant.
The French word for darnel is "ivraie" (from Latin "ebriacus", intoxicated), which expresses the drunken nausea from eating the infected plant, which can be fatal. The French name echoes the scientific name, Latin "temulentus" "drunk."

</doc>
<doc id="6907122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907122" title="Bat-Sheva Zeisler">
Bat-Sheva Zeisler

Bat-Sheva Zeisler () is an Israeli vocalist, actress, and voice teacher. She sings in the soprano range.
Biography.
Bat-Sheva Zeisler's father was the city architect of Rishon Lezion, where she still lives. Zeisler graduated from Tel Aviv University, where she studied drama and literature. She then studied voice at London's Guildhall School of Music and Drama and the London College of Music.
She is the widow of Israeli artist Gideon Gechtman (1942–2008), whom she met in London. Their son, Noam, works in the advertising industry. Another son, Yotam, a film director, died in 1998.
Theater and acting career.
Bat-Sheva Zeisler was a member of the original cast of the 1968-1969 production of "You and Me and the Next War", a satirical cabaret by Hanoch Levin with lyrics set to music by Alex Kagan and Beni Nagari. The show consisted of a series of sketches that reflected the anti-war vibe in the USA during the Vietnam War. An updated version congruent with Israel reality was performed by the original cast from 2004 to 2008. The director of the play was the late Edna Shavit, who died in 2015. 
Zeislier also participated in a number of other productions, including "Everything You Wanted to Know Often, and Didn't Dare to Ask Bach", short one-act plays by Offenbach, directed by Eran Baniel, with Dani Masseng co-acting, stage choreography by the late Ya'akov Sommer and musical director Yitzhak Steiner; "The Beggar's Opera" at the Beersheba Theater, with a new musical score by Alex Kagan and directed by Dan Ronnen; "An Upside-Down Monument" by Yossef Mundi, and directed by him at the Yuval Theater; "Intimacy" directed by Tammar Lederer-Barkan, at Hasimta Theater; "My Fair Lady", "The Imaginary Patient" and "The Star of Tears". The two latter productions were directed by Motti Averbuch, who also wrote the script for The Star of Tears.The play was later transformed into an opera with music by Thierry Wieder, a professional in localization and voice production. 
Zeisler managed the Elharizi Theater in Tel Aviv until its closure in the early 1990s. During her management, short plays and musical performances were showcased on Thursday and Friday evenings and a children's theater on Saturdays.
Singing career.
Zeisler had an extensive career as a soprano vocalist. Her program featured "Songs in Red and Yellow", "Bat-Sheva and Simcha go to Broadway" with Habimah singer-actor Simcha Barbiro and songs by Eric Satie and Francis Poulenc. In several of these programs, she was accompanied by the Dutch-Israeli classical pianist Bart Berman. 
For a few years, Zeisler worked as a voice coach. She has not sung professionally since the death of her husband, Gidon Gechman.

</doc>
<doc id="6907128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907128" title="Jacques Chirac's second term as President of France">
Jacques Chirac's second term as President of France

At age 69, Jacques Chirac faced his fourth campaign for the French Presidency in 2002. He was the first choice of fewer than one voter in five in the first round of voting of the presidential elections of April 2002. It had been expected that he would face incumbent prime minister Lionel Jospin on the second round of elections; instead, Chirac faced controversial far right politician Jean-Marie Le Pen of the law-and-order, anti-immigrant National Front, and won re-election by a landslide; most parties outside the National Front had called for opposing Le Pen, even if it meant voting for Chirac. Slogans such as "vote for the crook, not for the fascist" or "vote with a clothespin on your nose" appeared.
"We must reject extremism in the name of the honour of France, in the name of the unity of our own nation," Chirac said before the presidential election. "I call on all French to massively vote for republican ideals against the extreme right." 
The left-wing Socialist Party being in thorough disarray following Jospin's defeat, Chirac reorganized politics on the right, establishing a new party — initially called the Union of the Presidential Majority, then the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP). The RPR had broken down – a number of members had formed Eurosceptic breakaways. While the Giscardian liberals of the Union of French Democracy (UDF) had moved sharply to the right. The UMP won the parliamentary elections that followed the presidential poll with ease.
On 14 July 2002, during Bastille Day celebrations, Chirac survived an assassination attempt by a lone gunman with a rifle hidden in a guitar case. The would-be assassin fired a shot toward the presidential motorcade, before being overpowered by bystanders. The gunman, Maxime Brunerie, underwent psychiatric testing; the violent far-right group with which he was associated, "Unité Radicale" was then administratively dissolved. Brunerie had also been a candidate for the "Mouvement National Républicain" a far-right party at a local election. Brunerie's trial for attempted murder began on 6 December 2004; a crucial question was whether the court found that Brunerie's capacity for rational thought was absent (see insanity defence) or merely altered. On 10 December, the court, exceeding the sentence pushed for by the prosecution, sentenced Brunerie to 10 years in prison.
Chirac emerged as a leading voice against US president George W. Bush's administration's conduct towards Iraq. Despite intense U.S. pressure, Chirac threatened to veto, at that given point, a resolution in the U.N. Security Council that would authorize the use of military force to rid Iraq of alleged weapons of mass destruction, and rallied other governments to his position. Russia, another permanent UN Security Council member, said it, too, would use its veto against such a resolution, (cf. Governments' pre-war positions on invasion of Iraq and Protests against the 2003 Iraq war). "Iraq today does not represent an immediate threat that justifies an immediate war", Chirac said on 18 March 2003. Chirac was then the target of various American and British commentators supporting the decisions of president Bush and prime minister Tony Blair. "See also anti-French sentiment in the United States." Suspected French involvement in "under the table" deals with Saddam Hussein have led many supporters of the war to question Chirac's motives in opposing the invasion of Iraq.
During a state visit to the People's Republic of China on 21 April 2005 Chirac's Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin lent support to the new Anti-Secession Law, which justified an invasion of Taiwan by the PRC in the event of a declaration of Taiwan independence, and continued to push for a lift of the European Union arms embargo against China. France's position was seen as attempting to aid China in altering the balance of power against the U.S. in East Asia, in which the control of Taiwan is of utmost importance. This drew widespread condemnation from the U.S. which responded by threatening sanctions against the EU unless the embargo was continued.
On 29 May 2005 a referendum was held in France to decide whether the country should ratify the proposed Constitution of the European Union. The result was a victory for the No campaign, with 55% of voters rejecting the treaty on a turnout of 69%, dealing a devastating blow to Chirac and the UMP party. Chirac's decision to hold a referendum was thought to have been influenced in part by the surprise announcement that the United Kingdom was to hold a vote of its own. Although the adoption of a Constitution had initially been played down as a 'tidying-up' exercise with no need for a popular vote, as increasing numbers of EU member states announced their intention to hold a referendum, the French government came under increasing pressure to follow suit.
French voters turned down the proposed document by a wide margin, which was interpreted by some as a rebuke to Chirac and his government. Two days later, Jean-Pierre Raffarin resigned and Chirac appointed Dominique de Villepin as Prime Minister of France.
In an address to the nation, Chirac has declared that the new cabinet's top priority would be to curb the unemployment level, which consistently hovers above 10%, calling for a "national mobilization" to that effect. One of the main promises of Jean-Pierre Raffarin when he became Prime Minister had been to spur growth and that "the end of President Chirac's term would be marked by a drop in unemployment". However, at the time of his dismissal, no such improvement could be seen. Villepin set himself a deadline of a hundred days to restore the French people's trust in their government (note that Villepin's first published book was titled "The Hundred Days or the Spirit of Sacrifice").
Laïcité.
The Law of Secularity and Conspicuous Religious Symbols in Schools was passed in September 2004. This law stated all religious items could no longer be worn in public schools including but not limited to: kippah's, catholic crosses, and Muslim religious attire.
2012 Olympics.
Chirac became the subject of controversy the day before the International Olympic Committee was due to pick a host city for the 2012 Summer Olympics. Chirac made comments stating that "the only worse food than British food is Finnish" and "the only thing the British have done for Europe's agriculture is mad cow disease". Not only were Chirac's comments considered unsportsmanlike where the normal etiquette is not to criticize rival cities, there was also the presence of two Finnish members on the International Olympic Committee who would vote in the final ballot. Out of the competing candidate cities, the bid was widely acknowledged as the front runner but Paris's narrow loss to arch-rival London led many to believe that Chirac's comments were at fault. It seems that the French public laid the blame of the failure on President Chirac, and not on the Mayor of Paris Bertrand Delanoë, whose popularity had in fact risen according to polls.
Even longtime Chirac supporters had lost their faith. Jean-Louis Debré, president of the National Assembly and a faithful Chirac supporter, declared "I'm not sure that Jacques Chirac succeeded in his presidency. I'd at least like that he succeeds in his exit."
According to a July 2005 poll, 32% judge Jacques Chirac favorably and 63% unfavorably.
It is unclear whether Jacques Chirac will run for a third mandate in 2007 and, should he not run or should he fail in a re-election bid, whether he risks prosecution and jail time for the various fraudulent schemes he has been named in. While he is currently immune from prosecution as a president, prescription (i.e. the statute of limitations) does not apply. His authority was seriously weakened by the October–November 2005 Paris suburb riots in which hundreds of cars and numerous warehouses were set alight throughout France by thousands of alienated North African immigrants who complain of widespread discrimination and unemployment. The riots were triggered by the accidental deaths of two North African immigrants in a poor Paris suburb named Clichy-sous-Bois who were rumoured to be fleeing from police. Chirac later acknowledged that France had not done enough to integrate its Muslim North African citizens into French society or combat racism.
One issue seen of increasing importance with respect to a possible 2007 re-election bid is Jacques Chirac's age and health. Chirac has often been described to be extremely resilient and hard-working, and to have conserved a legendary appetite; before 2005, he had never had major health problems throughout his long political career. He used to be a heavy smoker but had given up many years ago. Nevertheless, it has become apparent that he is also careful of hiding signs that may betray declining health. In October 2003, there was an intense debate about French leaders' tradition of keeping secret their medical problems (for example Mitterrand's cancer was hidden for 14 years) : Jacques Chirac has gone "slightly" deaf in one ear, and a former Environment Minister Roselyne Bachelot had revealed that a small hearing aid had been fitted discreetly into Mr Chirac's left ear. This debate leading to accusations of secrecy and speculation emerged once again in September 2005 when Chirac following a suspected stroke ( which provoked ""slight" impairment in his field of vision"). making it increasingly unlikely that he will run for a third term in 2007 and stoking the undeclared succession battle between Villepin and Nicolas Sarkozy (Villepin was appointed to serve in Chirac's place in the United Nations 2005 World Summit in New York City).
On 19 January 2006, Chirac said that France was prepared to launch a nuclear strike against any country that sponsors a terrorist attack against French interests. He said his country's nuclear arsenal had been reconfigured to include the ability to make a tactical strike in retaliation for terrorism.
On 17 March 2006, Chirac, was involved in a controversy over a youth employment law after protests in Paris against the measure ended in violence and 187 arrests.
Unions and student groups were reported to be planning further action, claiming up to 600,000 university and high school students took part in Thursday's action. They have tied any talks to withdrawal of the employment law, which is opposed by 68% of French people, according to an opinion poll published in "Le Parisien" newspaper, a rise of 13 percentage points in a week. Critics say the legal reform will create a generation of "disposable workers", but ministers tried to conciliate growing opposition, one saying no worker could be laid off without justification. The first employment contract (CPE) was designed to cut youth unemployment by allowing employers to dismiss workers under 26 within their first two years in a job. This led to a turn around by Chrirac and his Prime Minister on the 10 April saying the controversial law was to be scrapped. Chirac took the unprecedented step of signing the bill into law while at the same time calling for not applying the CPE clauses, a move with no base in the French Constitution. Stating the 'palpable discontent' in his country Chirac promised a more popular law would be enacted.
During April and May 2006, President Chirac's administration was beset by a crisis as his chosen Prime Minister, Dominique de Villepin, was accused of asking General Rondot, a top level French spy, of asking for a secret investigation into the latter's chief political rival, Nicolas Sarkozy in 2004. This matter has been called the Clearstream Affair. On 10 May 2006, following a Cabinet meeting, Chirac made a rare television appearance to try to protect Prime Minister Villepin from the scandal and to debunk allegations that Chirac himself had set up a Japanese bank account containing 300 million francs in 1992 as Mayor of Paris. Chirac stated that "The Republic is not a dictatorship of rumours, a dictatorship of calumny." Some political commentators note that the president's authority and credibility is in serious decline due to this scandal and combined impact of the French voters rejection of the European Union constitution in May 2005 which Chirac had publicly championed.
In July 2006, the G8 met to discuss international energy concerns. Despite the rising awareness of global warming issues, the G8 focussed on "energy security" issues. President Chirac continued to be the voice within the G8 summit meetings to support international action to curb global warming and climate change concerns. He warned that "humanity is dancing on a volcano" and called for serious action by the world's leading industrialized nations.

</doc>
<doc id="6907134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907134" title="Batsheva Zeisler">
Batsheva Zeisler



</doc>
<doc id="6907139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907139" title="United States Department of Justice, Justice Management Division">
United States Department of Justice, Justice Management Division



</doc>
<doc id="6907141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907141" title="Justice Management Division">
Justice Management Division



</doc>
<doc id="6907144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907144" title="Erzurum (city)">
Erzurum (city)



</doc>
<doc id="6907146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907146" title="Packet Layer Protocol">
Packet Layer Protocol

Packet Layer Protocol or PLP operates on the Network-Layer of the OSI model for the X.25 protocol suite. It's responsible for addressing, routing, and delivering data packets across different networks. PLP manages the packet exchanges between DTE (data terminal) devices across VCs (virtual circuits). PLP also can be used on ISDN using Link Access Procedures, D channel (LAPD).
There are 5 modes of PLP: call setup, data transfer, idle, call clearing, and restarting. 
There are 4 types of PLP packet fields: 

</doc>
<doc id="6907156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907156" title="Dan Mica">
Dan Mica

Daniel Mica (born February 4, 1944) is an American politician who was a U.S. representative from the state of Florida.
Education.
Daniel Mica attended the University of Florida, but received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Florida Atlantic University in 1966. He was subsequently awarded an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the same institution. He also holds an honorary law degree from Barry University.
During his time at FAU he served as the university's first student government president.
Career.
Politics.
From 1968 to 1978, Daniel Mica was the Chief of Staff to Congressman Paul Rogers. He succeeded Rogers in 1979 and subsequently served five terms in the U.S. House of Representatives representing Florida's 11th district
As a five-term member of the U.S. House of Representatives, Mica served his home state of Florida from 1979 to 1989 and made his mark as a bipartisan consensus-builder. He was on the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Select Committee on Aging, and Veteran's Affairs Committee. He also served in the House leadership as deputy whip; and he was a member of the U.S. Secretary of State's Commission on Terrorism (the "Inman Commission").
His accomplishments while in Congress include investigating management corruption at the largest government-funded health maintenance organization (HMO) in the country, authoring anti-terrorism legislation that was enacted into law and reorganizing the federal court system by adding a new court district that helped relieve the system's backlog of cases.
While serving in Congress, Mica was appointed by President Ronald Reagan to be congressional representative to the United Nations. President Bush appointed him to the board for International Broadcasting in 1991, and President Bill Clinton selected him to serve as chairman of the board of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty in 1993.
In 1988 Mica ran for the U.S. Senate seat being vacated by Lawton Chiles. Mica finished 3rd in the Democratic primary.
After leaving Capitol Hill, Mica joined the American Council of Life Insurers in 1989 as an executive vice president specializing in Federal Affairs. He remained in this position until 1996.
Credit Union National Association.
In July 1996, Mica was named president and chief executive officer of the Credit Union National Association (CUNA). He stepped down from CUNA in 2010.
Family.
Mica is married and has four children. He is the brother of politician John Mica, a Republican who represented Florida's 7th Congressional District from 1993 until 2017. His daughter, Christine, is the current Dean of University Admissions for The Catholic University of America.

</doc>
<doc id="6907167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907167" title="EBNO">
EBNO



</doc>
<doc id="6907168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907168" title="Large countable ordinals">
Large countable ordinals



</doc>
<doc id="6907178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907178" title="Renée Houston">
Renée Houston

Renée Houston (born Katherina Rita Murphy Gribbin; 24 July 1902 – 9 February 1980) was a Scottish comedy actress and revue artist who appeared in television and film roles.
Biography.
Born in Johnstone, Renfrewshire, into a theatrical family who performed as James Houston and Company, she toured music halls and revues with her sister Billie Houston (born Sarah McMahon Gribbin; 1906–1972) as the "Houston Sisters". They became a leading variety act in the 1920s, sometimes performing as two children in over-sized furniture; Billie played the part of a boy.
In 1926, the sisters made a short musical film, the script of which Renée had written. It was produced by Lee De Forest, whose process, Phonofilm, enabled a soundtrack to be played alongside the film (a year before "The Jazz Singer"). The sisters ended their working partnership in 1936, when Billie reportedly became ill, although it has been suggested that the split may have been due to the sisters' frequent disagreements.
Renee Houston continued as a solo comedienne and actress, appearing in the Noel Gay revue "Love Laughs!". She eventually revived her double act, this time with her third husband, the actor Donald Stewart, until his death in 1966.
In her later years, she specialised in "battleaxe" roles, notably as shop steward Vic Spanner's (Kenneth Cope) formidable mother in "Carry On at Your Convenience" (1971). She also worked for director Roman Polanski in "Repulsion" (1965) and "Cul-de-sac" (1966). She published her autobiography in 1974 which was entitled "Don't Fence Me In".
Houston was also in early episodes of radio's "The Clitheroe Kid", playing his Scottish mother in half a dozen 1958 broadcasts (but the role was quickly recast to use an English actress instead), and was a regular guest on radio panel show "Petticoat Line" chaired by Anona Winn. According to entertainment historian Richard Anthony Baker: "So many listeners found her forthright language unacceptable that she was eventually limited to two swear words per show."
She died in London at the age of 77 on 9 February 1980. Houston was married three times. The second was to the actor Pat Aherne, the brother of Brian Aherne. Her third husband was the actor Donald Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="6907181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907181" title="Neil Voss">
Neil Voss

Neil Voss (born October 7, 1974) is an American video game composer. His first recognized work was on "Tetrisphere" for Nintendo 64 in 1997, an acclaimed effort that earned him a "Best Soundtrack" award from "Nintendo Power" that year. He later composed tracks for "The New Tetris" in 1999, also for the Nintendo 64. Voss subsequently transitioned to the Game Boy Advance, producing soundtracks for "Racing Gears Advance" in collaboration with Orbital Media Inc. Many of his compositions for the Commodore 64 are included in The High Voltage SID Collection.
Background.
At the early age of 12, Neil Voss began experimenting with electronic music on his Commodore 64, and this hobby soon became a significant part of his life. He later emerged as an underground electronic music developer but observed his fellow composers signing with game developers, prompting him to join H2O, a third-party developer for Atari's Jaguar. His first project was "Phear", but after the Jaguar platform's failure, the project was moved to Nintendo and evolved into "Tetrisphere". As audio director, Voss produced, composed, and engineered the entire soundtrack for "Tetrisphere", which some attribute to the game's success. Voss went on to create more notable techno music for the N64 puzzle game "The New Tetris". This soundtrack quickly became a favorite.
In 2005, Voss worked on "Racing Gears Advance" for the Game Boy Advance, which received the award for "Best Use of Sound" from "IGN".

</doc>
<doc id="6907183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907183" title="Tower of Montreal">
Tower of Montreal



</doc>
<doc id="6907184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907184" title="Kan (song)">
Kan (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6907187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907187" title="Leon Seals">
Leon Seals

Leon Seals Jr. (born January 30, 1964) is an American former professional football defensive end in the National Football League (NFL).
Seals played college football at Jackson State University in Jackson, Mississippi, earning the nickname "Dr. Sack", and joined the Buffalo Bills after the 1987 NFL draft as a fourth round draft choice (number 109 overall). He played with the Buffalo Bills from 1987 until 1991. He started at defensive end in Super Bowl XXV and XXVI. He retired after the 1992 season with the Philadelphia Eagles.
Seals currently lives in Clinton, Mississippi. He has served as a member of the Hinds County Sheriff's Department.

</doc>
<doc id="6907189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907189" title="Okoi">
Okoi



</doc>
<doc id="6907191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907191" title="Cockle">
Cockle

Cockle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6907193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907193" title="Australian Reptile Park">
Australian Reptile Park

The Australian Reptile Park is located at Somersby on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia. It is about north of Sydney, and is just off the M1 Pacific Motorway, near Gosford. The Park has one of the largest reptile collections in Australia, with close to 50 species on display. The wide variety of reptile species at the Park includes snakes, lizards (such as Komodo dragons), turtles, tortoises, tuataras, American alligators and crocodiles.
In addition, the Park features Australian mammals such as kangaroos, wallabies, koalas, platypuses, Tasmanian devils, bare-nosed wombat, quokkas, echidnas, and dingoes. Australian birds featured include cassowaries.
The park is heavily involved in snake and spider venom collection for use in the production of antivenom and is credited for saving the lives of thousands. It is an institutional member of the Zoo and Aquarium Association.
History.
1949 – The Park's founder Eric Worrell starts building Ocean Beach Aquarium at Umina Beach on the NSW central coast just north of Sydney.
1950 – Ocean Beach Aquarium opens to the public. The aquarium includes a variety of marine fish, juvenile crocodile and snake and lizard pits. Worrell begins his snake venom milking work to contribute to the anti-venom manufacturing by the Commonwealth Serum Laboratories.
1955 – Ocean Beach Aquarium contributes to production of first antivenom to taipan envenomation.
1958 – Worrell moves his animal collection to Wyoming, a northern suburb of Gosford, and changes its name to Eric Worrell's Australian Reptile Park.
1959 – The Park first opens to the public on 3 October.
1962 – The Park contributes to availability of a full range of antivenoms.
1963 – "Ploddy" (originally named Dino), the dinosaur erected, the first of Australia's big things.
1968 – First nocturnal house in southern hemisphere opens.
1970 – Worrell receives MBE recognising his role in producing antivenom.
1970 – The Park begins providing funnel-web spider venom to Seqiris (formerly bioCSL) in the long process of developing an antivenom.
1972 – Captive breeding of cassowaries begins.
1980 – The long-awaited funnel-web spider antivenom is made available.
1985 – A management team, including future owners John and Robyn Weigel, is formed to steer the future of park, now named simply the Australian Reptile Park.
1987 – Worrell dies, aged 62.
1989 – 4.7-metre-long saltwater crocodile is imported from the Northern Territory on a special jet freighter, and named "Eric" in honour of Worrell.
1992 – John and Robyn Weigel become principal owners of the business, and make the decision to relocate the Park.
1996 – A parade is held in Gosford celebrating the relocation of Ploddy the dinosaur to its new home. Over 15,000 well-wishers lined the streets and cheered as Ploddy was ceremoniously transported from Wyoming to her new home in Somersby.
1996 – The Australian Reptile Park relocates to Somersby, NSW at a site adjacent to Old Sydney Town, and reopens on 7 September.
2000 – Just past midnight on 17 July, most of the main park building was destroyed when a faulty electrical wiring caused a fire. Park staff helped fire crews, but ultimately, the building was lost along with most of the hundreds of reptiles and frogs that had been maintained in the building. With a lot of work from the staff, and support from the city and from other zoos around Australia, the zoo was able to re-open its doors on 9 September 2000, just over seven weeks after the fire.
2007 – A main attraction to the park, Eric the crocodile dies. He is replaced by Elvis, a 4.5 metre male saltwater crocodile.
2008 – Park Director, John Weigel, is awarded Member of the Order of Australia for his contribution to Australian Tourism and the production of snake and spider antivenoms.
2011 – John Weigel founds Devil Ark, a conservation breeding facility for the endangered Tasmanian devil in the Barrington Tops that is now part of the larger Aussie Ark.
2013 – The Australian Reptile Park remains the sole supplier of terrestrial snake and funnel-web spider venom to Seqiris for the nation's antivenom program. Over its 60-year history, it is estimated that the Park has assisted in saving close to 20,000 lives.
2013 – In July, more than twenty reptiles were stolen from the Park. Lizards, geckos, snakes and one alligator were taken. A pair of Solomon Islands skinks were recovered in August.
2015 – Australian Reptile Park Director, Tim Faulkner, is named "Conservationist of the Year" for 2015 by The Australian Geographic Society.
2016 – Tim Faulkner and Liz Gabriel named as co-directors alongside John and Robyn Weigel.
2018 – New Komodo dragon exhibit opened. Home to two Komodo dragons named Kraken and Daenerys.
2018 – Australian Reptile Park wins NSW State Business of the Year awarded by the NSW Business Chamber.
2019 – The Park wins Best Major Attraction at the NSW Tourism Awards.
2019 – A new exhibit, housing a pair of endangered Goodfellow's tree-kangaroos, is opened.
2022 – In April, three Komodo dragon babies are successfully hatched at the park, first Komodo dragons to be born in Australia.
Animals.
List of species
Reptiles
Amphibians
Arachnids
Birds
Mammals
Past attractions.
Eric the crocodile.
A crocodile named Eric, born in 1947 in Australia's Northern Territory, was featured for many years at the park. He was a star attraction and had a fan club of over 10,000 members across the world. Every year, Eric consumed his own body weight in various animals such as chicken, goat and fish.
Eric had been implicated in the disappearance of two indigenous children in the 1980s, and was captured for the safety of the community. He was first taken to Darwin Crocodile Farm, where he bit off the heads of two female crocodiles with whom he was supposed to mate, and lost his right rear foot in a duel with a fellow crocodile. In 1989, he arrived by special freighter jet at the Australian Reptile Park and became a major attraction. He was named after the Park's founder Eric Worrell, who had died in 1987.
Eric the crocodile died on 30 June 2007 from a systemic infection, exacerbated because staff couldn't treat him due to power outages caused by storms in the area. His vet, Peter Nosworthy, believes age made him susceptible to the infection, while his size made it impossible to administer intensive care. At 5.6m long and 700 kg, Eric was the largest crocodile in New South Wales at the time of his death. A memorial to Eric is now at the rear of the park.
Education.
Talks and presentations include Galápagos tortoise feedings, a reptile show, a Tasmanian devil talk, koala talk, spider talk, dingo talk, and alligator feeding.
The Australian Reptile Park also take hundreds of school groups into the Park throughout each year for syllabus-based animal and conservation education.
Antivenom programs.
Snake venom-milking program.
Since the 1960s, the Australian Reptile Park has been the sole supplier of terrestrial snake venom for the purpose of making antivenom. It is estimated that 300 lives are saved by antivenom in Australia each year and since the program's inception, approximately 20,000 Australian lives have been saved by the program. The Australian Reptile Park is currently home to 250 venomous snakes that are a part of the venom program that are milked on a fortnightly basis.
Milking snakes for venom.
Focused judgement and great dexterity are needed to obtain snake venom from the venomous species of snakes found in Australia. Keepers at the Australian Reptile Park use two different techniques depending on the species of snake.
For taipans, king brown and tiger snakes, keepers position the snake's fangs to penetrate a latex membrane stretched over a glass beaker. The snake then bites onto the beaker and the venom is dropped into the beaker and collected.
For eastern brown snakes and death adders, a technique called "pipetting" is used. The procedure requires keepers to push a polypropylene pipette onto the snake's fang with the venom dropping into the pipette.
After drying, the venom crystals are carefully scraped from the beakers and pipettes for weighing and packaging. Trained staff, who work with the venom in its various stages of processing, work extremely carefully with the venom to ensure it is not contaminated.
Producing snake antivenom.
Once the venomous snakes have been milked at the Australian Reptile Park, it is then freeze-dried and sent to Seqiris (formally bioCSL) in Melbourne to be made into antivenom.
The process at Seqiris starts with the snake venom being injected into Percheron horses. Over 250 horses take part in the antivenom program, all living the life of luxury. They undergo minimal stress during the inoculation and extraction processes. Inoculation is harmless for the horses and extraction is as simple as donating blood for humans.
The horses are given increasing doses of venom over a period of six-months (until they have built up sufficient antibodies to the venom). Blood is then drawn from the horse with the antibodies extracted from the blood, purified and reduced to a usable form – this becomes antivenom.
The antivenom taken from the horses is used to treat humans suffering from snakebite. Antivenom is injected into the human bloodstream, with the antibodies attacking the venom, neutralising its effects. The dose of antivenom given to a patient varies according to the species responsible for the bite and, when it can be ascertained, the amount of venom injected. The age and weight of the victim makes no difference to the dose of antivenom required in the treatment.
Funnel-web spider venom-milking program.
Since the inception of the Australian Reptile Park's funnel-web spider antivenom program in 1981, zero deaths have been recorded due to a funnel web spider bite. The Australian Reptile Park's venom program houses over 2,000 spiders from baby spiderlings up to full grown adult male specimens; who are milked on a weekly schedule.
The Australian Reptile Park encourages the public to catch funnel-web spiders in their homes and backyards, if it is safe to do so, and bring the spiders to various drop-off locations in around the Central Coast, Sydney and Newcastle. These spiders will become part of the Park's funnel-web spider breeding and venom-milking programs.
Milking funnel-web spiders for venom.
Spider keepers at the Australian Reptile Park must use steady hands and extreme focus to milk funnel-web spiders. Using a glass pipette on the end of a small vacuum, keepers encourage the funnel web spider to rear up in a defensive position and then gently suck the venom from the end of the spider's fangs.
Once all spiders have been milked, the venom is removed from the pipette and frozen until shipment to Seqiris, where the venom is made into antivenom.
Producing funnel-web spider antivenom.
The process of turning venom into antivenom is long and tricky but not impossible. Once the funnel-web spiders have been milked at the Australian Reptile Park, the venom is frozen and sent to Seqiris in Melbourne, Victoria.
The Seqiris team inject very small amounts of the venom into rabbits, increasing slowly over a six-month period until the rabbit is able to withstand six-times the lethal dose. Blood is then drawn from the rabbit and the blood is spun in a centrifuge. The spinning separates the antibodies from the blood, and it is these antibodies that make antivenom.
Television.
Bondi Vet.
The Australian Reptile Park was a frequent feature on Australian factual television series "Bondi Vet" from 2010 until the show's completion in 2016. The episodes usually involved director Tim Faulkner calling Dr. Chris Brown to the park, or taking an animal either to Brown's clinic or the closer clinic owned by Dr. Peter Nosworthy. As of 2014, Faulkner became a part of the regular cast with a segment airing in every episode. When the series was revived in 2019 as "Bondi Vet: Coast to Coast", Faulkner was once again part of the cast.
"The Wild Life of Tim Faulkner".
The Australian Reptile Park is also shown in the spin-off show "The Wild Life of Tim Faulkner", on Channel 9 and the National Geographic Channel, which focused primarily on Faulkner's animal-related activities.

</doc>
<doc id="6907210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907210" title="Cockle (weed)">
Cockle (weed)



</doc>
<doc id="6907221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907221" title="Chandra Limit">
Chandra Limit



</doc>
<doc id="6907224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907224" title="Erdős-Strauss conjecture">
Erdős-Strauss conjecture



</doc>
<doc id="6907229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907229" title="Yakushiji Tenzen">
Yakushiji Tenzen



</doc>
<doc id="6907233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907233" title="Tenzen">
Tenzen



</doc>
<doc id="6907235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907235" title="Kosova's News Agency">
Kosova's News Agency



</doc>
<doc id="6907250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907250" title="Takagi">
Takagi

 is a Japanese surname meaning "tall tree". Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6907261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907261" title="AOLspeak">
AOLspeak



</doc>
<doc id="6907275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907275" title="Dopyera">
Dopyera



</doc>
<doc id="6907276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907276" title="Style UK">
Style UK

Style UK was a television channel carried on Showtime Arabia's satellite service for the Middle East, North Africa, and the Levant territories.
Similar to BBC Prime and Granada UKTV, it carried British entertainment programming from ITV, Channel 4 and the BBC, including "Parkinson", "The Bill", "Father Ted" and "My Family". 
On 1 April 2007, Showtime dropped the channel from their line-up and replaced it with a new channel called Series 2. Showtime stated that the new channel would be similar in content to UK Style.

</doc>
<doc id="6907282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907282" title="Yi Kwal">
Yi Kwal

Yi Kwal (; 1562 – 14 February 1624) was a general during the Joseon Dynasty, Korea, known for the failed Yi Kwal's Rebellion. His family belonged to the Goseong Yi clan.
He rebelled against King Injo in 1624, but failed. Yi Kwal was then killed by his own troops. Yi Kwal's rebellion put Korea into a state of chaos before it was invaded by the Manchu Qing dynasty.
Background.
In 1622, he joined the Injo revolution, which was a movement in Korea to get rid of the government of King Gwanghaegun, who advocated evenhanded diplomacy between the Ming and the Qing. At that time, the Han Ming Dynasty had recently fallen to the invading Jurchen, who had renamed themselves the Manchu. Historically, Korea was in a long time conflict with the Jurchen tribes, who inhabited the wide plains of Manchuria. The Jurchen took Liaoning during the late Ming and established the Later Jin dynasty.
Yi Kwal captured the capital, Hanyang, and exiled Gwanghaegun. However, he was rewarded only as a second class helper and neglected by the King.
As the relations with Later Jin deteriorated, the Korean government and Injo sent Yi Kwal to the border of Pyongan Province to ward off invasions from the Jin. There, Yi strengthened the walls and fortresses around the border and maintained strict military order.
Out of the fifteen thousand troops stationed in the northern border, Yi Kwal had command of ten thousand, stationed in Yongbyon while the five thousand stayed with General Jang Man () in Pyongyang.
Yi Kwal's Rebellion.
Korea's political stance at the time caused the downfall of Yi Kwal. Since the establishment of a Confucian dynasty by King Taejo, there had been political disputes between the parties in the government. Some disputes even ended up in bloodshed, like the one which occurred in the time of King Yeonsangun. Also, during the time of King Seonjo just before the Japanese invasions of Korea, the political parties had been divided between the Easterners and the Westerners. The Easterners gradually split up into two parties called the Northerners and the Southerners.
In January 1624, the Westerners, recently unsatisfied with the success of Yi Kwal (who was part of the Northerners), made a petition to the King stating that Yi Kwal and some members of the Northerners were planning a rebellion. As these ministers all had a close relationship with the King, the petition was examined. However, the reports proved false, and the Westerners failed to condemn Yi Kwal. They tried again soon after, which provoked the suspicion of the King.
The government soon sent an examination and arrest party to Yongbyon to arrest Yi Kwal's son Yi Jeon. As he suspected that he himself would be condemned if his son confessed, he decided on a pre-emptive strike. Finally, he killed the arrest party and the rebellion officially began on January 22, 1624. He and his ten thousand troops headed straight for Hanyang, to relieve the capital and capture the King.
The first clash with the government troops happened on the Hamgyong province, where the government troops were being led by Jeong Chung-sin and Nam Yi-hong. He tried to avoid these two generals and surpassed their troops. During the march to the capital, Yi Kwal met much opposition, but all were defeated. Injo soon abandoned the capital and Yi Kwal captured it on February 10. Since the establishment of the Joseon Dynasty, it was the first time a rebel army had captured the capital.
Yi Kwal then put Heungangun on the throne, a royal relative of the King. Moreover, he put fliers all over the city so the people would support his troops. However, the rebel occupation of the capital did not last long.
Hanseong was soon threatened by Jang Man and other generals from the government forces. Yi Kwal sent Han Myeong-ryun to combat the enemy, but the rebels were defeated due to inferior geographical position. By this time, Yi Kwal tried to escape the capital as the rebel army had disbanded and separated. As Yi Kwal and Han Myeong-ryun tried to escape on February 15, they were murdered by their own troops led by Gi Ik-heon, who were seeking forgiveness from the government.
Yi Kwal failed, but Joseon society effectively entered a period of chaos, which then provoked and facilitated the First Manchu invasion of Korea in 1627. Eventually Joseon would fall and become a vassal to the Qing dynasty.
Afterwards, Yi Kwal's name, along with his father's, was omitted from the family genealogy, but was listed again after 1930. Additional records were discovered about his relative, Yi Eung-tae, who died around the age of 30, and research was being conducted on the mummy discovered for the first time in 445 years.

</doc>
<doc id="6907283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907283" title="Bad Eisenkappel">
Bad Eisenkappel

Bad Eisenkappel, also known as Eisenkappel (), is a municipality located in the Vellach Valley in the Karawanken mountain range with the nearby peaks: Obir, Peca, and Olševa. It is the population center of the market township of Eisenkappel-Vellach (population 2,446) of the Völkermarkt district in the State of Carinthia, Austria near the border of Slovenia.
Bad Eisenkappel was first referred to by the name "Kappel" in 1267. It was officially renamed in 1890 to Eisenkappel.
The area is known for its hiking and cycling trails, as well as for the extensive Obir cave system, which has been mined for lead ore since at least 1171, and has been open to the public since 1991. Frommers says "Eisenkappel is the major stopover in the Vellach Valley. This town is surrounded by centuries-old forests and mineral springs, and because of its position as a frontier town only 15km (10 miles) from the Austro-Slovenian border's Jezersko Pass, it also offers many cultural and historical attractions. ... There are many sky-blue lakes and white mountain peaks near Eisenkappel. Lake Klopeiner ..., to the north of this town, is the warmest lake in Carinthia and 8km (5 miles) to the southwest you'll see Trögerner Gorge."
The International Commission for the Protection of the Alps (CIPRA) has stated that Bad Eisenkappel is highly affected by a growing trend of "out migration" where services and basic infrastructure are leaving the area. As such the town has attempted to counterbalance this loss by starting events to keep the youth within. Currently, as noted in the report, much of the youth travel to nearby Klagenfurt.
Its sister community is Jezersko across the Austria-Slovenia border.

</doc>
<doc id="6907285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907285" title="Mao Fumei">
Mao Fumei

Mao Fumei (, 9 November 1882 – 12 December 1939) was the first wife of Chiang Kai-shek, and the biological mother of Chiang Ching-Kuo.
Mao was born in Fenghua, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province, and, like most women of the era, she was illiterate. She married Chiang Kai-shek in an arranged marriage in 1901. When Chiang came back from Japan, he divorced her in 1921. She was killed in 1939 in a Japanese air raid on the in Xikou.

</doc>
<doc id="6907289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907289" title="Ze Rak Sport">
Ze Rak Sport



</doc>
<doc id="6907290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907290" title="Leonhard Schiemer">
Leonhard Schiemer

Leonhard Schiemer (c. 1500 – 14 January 1528) was an early pacifist Anabaptist writer and martyr whose work survives in the Ausbund.
Background.
Schiemer was born around 1500 in Vöcklabruck, where he grew up in a religious environment and trained to be a tailor. He originally wanted to become a Roman Catholic priest but as an adolescent joined the Franciscan monastery in Judenburg. Six years later he left he monastery and arrived at Nürnberg, where he — disappointed with monastic life — returned to tailoring.
Anabaptist encounters.
Biographers disagree whether Schiemer first made contact with Anabaptists in Nürnberg. Schiemer may have made arrangements to travel to Nikolsburg in Moravia, where Balthasar Hubmaier was an important Anabaptist leader. Here he witnessed the May 1527 disputation between the "Stäbler" (shepherd's staff) und "Schwertler" (sword) Anabaptist groups. While the "Stäbler" under the leadership of Hans Hut held a position of absolute nonviolence, Hubmeier and the "Schwertler" professed that Christians were permitted to defend themselves and others with the sword. It is unknown which of these positions Schiemer adopted. Some biographers think he probably adopted Hubmeier’s view, because later in Vienna he was reluctant to accept Hans Hut.
Conversion.
Only a few weeks after the Nikolsburg disputation, Leonhard Schiemer went to Vienna. There he again met — as already mentioned — Hans Hut and the Anabaptist congregation at Kärntnerstraße. Within two days, Schiemer was won over to the Anabaptist view and at the same time convinced of the pacifist beliefs of the "Stäbler". He was baptized and became a member of the Vienna congregation.
Schiemer immediately began an extensive missionary endeavor. Next he worked a short time in Steyr und Salzburg, taking part in the August 1527 Augsburg Martyrs' Synod and was sent from there as a messenger to Tyrol, where he settled in Rattenberg on the Inn. He joined an existing Anabaptist congregation there, which called him to serve as bishop shortly after his arrival.
Arrest.
A few weeks later, Schiemer was arrested at the instigation of the Roman Catholic authorities. An Anabaptist bishop present at the interrogation reported on his activities: within six months of his baptism he preached in 28 cities, winning more than 200 converts to Anabaptism.
Schiemer used the short stay in prison (until January 1528) for composing and publishing a number of works including:
Schiermer's writings were widely circulated and after his death had a significant influence on the development of Austrian and south German Anabaptism.
Teachings.
Schiemer appears to have confirmed the doctrine of the Trinity.
Schiemer separated the outer word of God, the Bible, received through one's ear, from the inner word, the direct word of God, that only a spirit-possessed person is able to hear. The inner word leads to loving God and following Christ, while the outer word is used only to devise external rules and regulations. It makes people merely good citizens, but not devoted and sacrificial followers of Jesus.
The followers of Schiemer also renounced private property. He was fascinated with early Christian communism and taught this as a sign of the true Christian. The Hutterites have made this ideal a principle of their community.
The central message of Schiemer's writing is on the theology of the cross and Passion mysticism of the Late Middle Ages: Christ suffered for the faithful of this world. His theology also appears in the hymns he composed, which have been passed down in the Ausbund, which is still used by descendants of the Anabaptists, the Amish.
Martyrdom.
In January 1528, Leonhard Schiemer began looking for a way to escape, but failed. He was arrested again and subsequently handed over to the executioner. After extensive torture he was ultimately beheaded on 14 January 1528 in Rattenberg. Schiemer's martyrdom was not the only in Rattenberg. Between 1528 and 1540 the Roman Catholic authorities ordered the execution of another 70 Anabaptist men and women who testified to their religious beliefs with their blood.
Significance.
Leonhard Schiemer is counted — in spite of his short career — as the most important representative of the Anabaptists associated with Hans Hut. 
Despite his intellectual relationship with Hut, Schiemer remained an independent thinker. He deemphasized the apocalyptic teachings of Hut, promoting the ideal community, which is prepared for suffering and sacrifice in this world and consciously renounces the use of power and force. His ideas can be found in avant-garde and modern pacifist movements.

</doc>
<doc id="6907299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907299" title="Athymic mouse">
Athymic mouse



</doc>
<doc id="6907301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907301" title="Georgia State Route 352">
Georgia State Route 352

State Route 352 (SR 352) is a southeast-to-northwest state highway in northwestern Marion County in the west-central part of the U.S. state of Georgia. Its entire length is located just to the east of Fort Benning.
Route description.
SR 352 begins at an intersection with SR 41 north-northwest of Buena Vista, just to the east of Brantley. The highway travels to the northwest through generally rural parts of the county, until it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with SR 355 south-southwest of the community of Juniper.
History.
SR 352 was built along its current alignment between 1960 and 1963. By 1966, the entire length of road was paved.

</doc>
<doc id="6907302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907302" title="Colonel General (France)">
Colonel General (France)

A Colonel General was an officer of the French army during the Ancien Régime, the French Revolution, the Napoleonic era and the Bourbon Restoration.
The positions were not military ranks, but rather offices of the crown. The position was first created under François I. The Colonels General served directly below the Marshals of France, and they were divided by their branch of service. By the end of the Ancien Régime, the Colonels General were:
Judging the position of Colonel General of the Infantry to be too powerful, Louis XIV suppressed the position in 1661 and only appointed Colonels General of honorific branches like the Colonel General of the Dragoons (created in 1668), the Colonel General of the Cent-Suisses and Grisons, who oversaw the Swiss regiments of the Maison du Roi, and the Colonel of the Gardes Françaises. The position was reinstated under Louis XV.
Most of these offices were eliminated at the time of the French Revolution, during which there was a Colonel General of the National Guard, but they were reinstated by Napoleon I. Under the Bourbon Restoration, certain titles were accorded to members of the royal family. After 1830, the position was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="6907309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907309" title="Detroit-style pizza">
Detroit-style pizza

Detroit-style pizza is a rectangular pan pizza with a thick, crisp, chewy crust. It is traditionally topped to the edges with mozzarella or Wisconsin brick cheese, which caramelizes against the high-sided heavyweight rectangular pan. Detroit-style pizza was originally baked in rectangular steel trays designed for use as automotive drip pans or to hold small industrial parts in factories. It was developed during the mid-20th century in Detroit, Michigan, before spreading to other parts of the United States in the 2010s. It is one of Detroit's most famous local foods.
Description.
Detroit-style pizza is a rectangular pizza topped with Wisconsin brick cheese and a cooked tomato-based sauce. The dough typically has a hydration level of 70 percent or higher, which creates an open, porous, chewy crust with a crisp exterior. The fresh dough is double-proofed and stretched by hand to the pan corners. When seasoning new steel pans, they usually need to be dry-baked using of dough per pan. Randazzo says that the crust should be about thick for true Detroit-style pizza. The buttery flavor of the crust results from a small quantity of oil and the melting properties of the mozzarella and Wisconsin brick cheeses. Shield's Pizza describes the importance of the sauce for flavor and how quality is ensured by consistently baking pizza for 13 minutes at . Loui's Pizza places the pepperoni first, underneath almost one pound of brick cheese and then bakes the pizza at . The brick cheese can withstand the heat due to the heavy butterfat content.
Pepperoni is sometimes placed directly on the crust, and other toppings may go directly on top of the cheese with the cooked sauce optionally as the final layer, applied in dollops or in "racing stripes", two or three lines of sauce. Some recipes call for the sauce to be added after the pizza comes out of the oven. The style is sometimes referred to as "red top" because the sauce is the final topping.
The cheese is spread to the edges and caramelizes against the high-sided heavyweight rectangular pan, giving the crust a lacy, crispy edge. This edge, known as "frico", is the crispy caramelized cheese that runs along the edges of Detroit-style pizzas. According to the trade journal "Pizza Today", "The key to this pizza is the delicious caramelized cheese that melts down the interior walls of the pan".
History.
Detroit-style pizza was developed in 1946 at Buddy's Rendezvous, a former speakeasy owned by Gus and Anna Guerra located at the corner of Six Mile Road and Conant Street in Detroit. Sources disagree whether the original Sicilian-style recipe was based on Anna Guerra's mother's recipe for "sfincione" or a recipe from one of the restaurant's employees, a Sicilian woman named Connie Piccinato. The recipe created a "focaccia-like crust" and the restaurant baked it in blue steel pans available from local automotive suppliers because baking pans available at the time were not appropriate for the dish. The steel pans were made by Dover Parkersburg in the 1930s and 1940s and were originally used as drip trays or to hold small parts or scrap metal in automobile factories. Some 50- to 75-year-old pans are still in use.
The restaurant was later renamed Buddy's Pizza. In 1953, the Guerras sold it and opened Cloverleaf Bar in Eastpointe, Michigan. Former Buddy's employee Louis Tourtois made pizzas at Shield's before founding Loui's Pizza in Hazel Park, Michigan. "The Detroit News" called Tourtois the "king of pizzas" in 1978. National chain Jet's, local chain Shield's, and Luigi's the Original of Harrison Township are other locally-notable restaurants serving the style.
Buddy's Pizza chief brand officer Wesley Pikula, who started at Buddy's as a busboy in the 1980s, said that he had never heard the term "Detroit-style" before the 1980s when a trade magazine used it and that even afterward it was seldom used except in national trade articles. As late as 2007, some local media were referring to the style as "Sicilian-style". Some makers of Detroit-style pizza in other areas questioned whether to call their pizza by that name, as "sometimes people have negative thoughts about Detroit."
The Detroit-style pizza was popular throughout the Detroit area but until the 2010s was not often found at restaurants outside the area. In 2011 two Detroit brothers, Zane and Brandon Hunt, opened a Detroit-style pizza restaurant in Austin, Texas, named Via 313, using the "Detroit-style" name as a point of differentiation. In 2012, a New York restaurateur created a pizza he called "Detroit-style", though he had never visited Detroit, using focaccia dough, mozzarella, and ricotta.
In 2012, local restaurant cook Shawn Randazzo won the Las Vegas International Pizza Expo world championship with a Detroit-style pizza, and according to pizza educator Tony Gemignani, the reaction was immediate. "After he won, I must have had six phone calls from operators, from guys who are big in the industry, saying, 'Give me a recipe for Detroit. How do I figure this out?
According to "Serious Eats", "in early 2016 or so, everyone seemed to be talking about it or writing about it or opening up restaurants devoted to it." Trade journal "Pizza Today" wrote in 2018 that "Perhaps no pizza style has entered the public consciousness in quite the way that Detroit-style pan pizza has." Trade journal "Restaurant Hospitality" said the style had become popular on Instagram.
In 2019, "Esquire" called the style "one of the hottest food trends across America", and both the "Detroit Free Press" and "Eater" said Detroit-style pizza was "having its moment". "Eater" wrote that pizzerias offering the style were spreading across the US, but that the new pizzas were different:
"Eater" said the artisanal trend was slow to catch on in Detroit. Along with the Coney Island hot dog and the Boston cooler, the traditional Detroit-style is one of Detroit's iconic local foods.
According to a 2021 forecast report, Yelp.com noted that Detroit-style pizza was national and reported that reviews mentioning "Detroit-style pizza" were up 52%. In 2023, Detroit-based author Karen Dybis published "Detroit-Style Pizza: A Doughtown History" covering three waves of Detroit-style pizza, ranging from the original innovators up through current pizzerias around the country.
Reception.
"GQ" food critic Alan Richman included Buddy's Pizza and Luigi's the Original among his 2009 list of 25 best pizzas in the USA. A Detroit-style pizza made by Randazzo, who was then working at Cloverleaf, won the 2012 Las Vegas International Pizza Expo world championship. The "Chicago Tribune" reviewed Jet's Pizza in 2013 and rated it very highly. In 2019, "The Daily Meal" named Buddy's the best pizza in Michigan. The "Detroit Free Press" named the Cloverleaf its Classic Restaurant of 2020.
In 2020, four Detroit-area restaurants, Buddy's, Supino Pizzeria, Loui's Pizza, and Cloverleaf Pizza, were listed in the 101 Best Pizzas in America by The Daily Meal. Pizza Today named Via 313, one of the leading Detroit-style pizza shops in the country, its "Independent Pizzeria of the Year" in 2020. "Plate" mentions that "The chewy crust, crispy cheese corners, and hearty meal of a slice fits precisely with what customers want right now: rich, satisfying comfort to-go." "The Palm Beach Post" describes how within minutes, a Delray Beach, Florida, bakery with a Detroit-style pizza pop-up store sells out its takeout pizza that is ordered online at noon on a Monday for pickup on the following Sunday. A writer for "Delish" originally from Chicago and now based in New York City provided a positive review in an article correspondingly entitled "What Is Detroit-Style Pizza? It's Way Better Than Your Deep Dish Or New York Slice".

</doc>
<doc id="6907313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907313" title="Yao Yecheng">
Yao Yecheng

Yao Yecheng (, 26 August 1887 – 1966), along with Chen Jieru (, "Jennie", 1906–1971) was among the two concubines of Nationalist Chinese leader Chiang Kai-shek (, 1887–1975) during the time when Chiang was also in an arranged marriage to Mao Fumei (, 1882–1939). In 1921, Chiang married Jennie. In 1927, Chiang divorced Mao Fumei and exiled Jennie—denying any association with the latter. In the busy year of 1927, Chiang also dropped Yao and married Soong Mei-ling (, "Meiling", "Madame Chiang", 1897–2003).
Yao was a sing-song girl whom Chiang "took as his concubine" though at the time she "belonged to an elderly man who became jealous of her relationship" with Chiang. Once as she was serving bubbling-hot soup at a meal with both Chiang and the elderly patron present, the elder seized the bowl and emptied it onto her head while chiding her about the contacts with Chiang—an assault in which "the boiling liquid disfigured her, and ruined her career of entertaining men in teahouses."
Yao lived with Chiang for a time at a villa at 99 Daichengqiao Road in Suzhou. The spacious villa, later renamed Garden Hotel Suzhou, still stands and was used by the Communist Chinese government as an "official state guest house for leaders of the Party, the State and foreign countries" and visiting celebrities. It is now a hotel open to the general public.
Chiang entrusted Yao with the parenting of his adopted son Chiang Wei-kuo (, "Wego", 1916–1997). Young "Wego" grew up to study military tactics in Nazi Germany where he commanded a Panzer unit before being recalled to China in 1938 where he was quickly promoted through ranks up to major general in the Kuomintang's National Revolutionary Army; he later was a senior officer in the Taiwanese Republic of China Armed Forces (until 1964 when he was moved to figurehead status after the Hukou Incident).
Yao died in Taiwan in 1966 at age 79.

</doc>
<doc id="6907315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907315" title="Smoke Gainer">
Smoke Gainer



</doc>
<doc id="6907317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907317" title="Tanisha Malone">
Tanisha Malone



</doc>
<doc id="6907326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907326" title="Major Religious Groups">
Major Religious Groups



</doc>
<doc id="6907327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907327" title="Civil holiday">
Civil holiday



</doc>
<doc id="6907330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907330" title="Conformational entropy">
Conformational entropy

In chemical thermodynamics, conformational entropy is the entropy associated with the number of conformations of a molecule. The concept is most commonly applied to biological macromolecules such as proteins and RNA, but also be used for polysaccharides and other molecules. To calculate the conformational entropy, the possible conformations of the molecule may first be discretized into a finite number of states, usually characterized by unique combinations of certain structural parameters, each of which has been assigned an energy. In proteins, backbone dihedral angles and side chain rotamers are commonly used as parameters, and in RNA the base pairing pattern may be used. These characteristics are used to define the degrees of freedom (in the statistical mechanics sense of a possible "microstate"). The conformational entropy associated with a particular structure or state, such as an alpha-helix, a folded or an unfolded protein structure, is then dependent on the probability of the occupancy of that structure.
The entropy of heterogeneous random coil or denatured proteins is significantly higher than that of the tertiary structure of its folded native state. In particular, the conformational entropy of the amino acid side chains in a protein is thought to be a major contributor to the energetic stabilization of the denatured state and thus a barrier to protein folding. However, a recent study has shown that side-chain conformational entropy can stabilize native structures among alternative compact structures. The conformational entropy of RNA and proteins can be estimated; for example, empirical methods to estimate the loss of conformational entropy in a particular side chain on incorporation into a folded protein can roughly predict the effects of particular point mutations in a protein. Side-chain conformational entropies can be defined as Boltzmann sampling over all possible rotameric states:
where is the gas constant and is the probability of a residue being in rotamer .
The limited conformational range of proline residues lowers the conformational entropy of the denatured state and thus stabilizes the native states. A correlation has been observed between the thermostability of a protein and its proline residue content.

</doc>
<doc id="6907337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907337" title="Adjustable mortgage loan">
Adjustable mortgage loan



</doc>
<doc id="6907342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907342" title="Evil Monkey">
Evil Monkey



</doc>
<doc id="6907344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907344" title="Erdős-Graham conjecture">
Erdős-Graham conjecture



</doc>
<doc id="6907348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907348" title="Enigma (Dead Zone)">
Enigma (Dead Zone)



</doc>
<doc id="6907353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907353" title="Chen Jieru">
Chen Jieru

Chen Jieru (; 26 August 1906 – 21 January 1971), also romanized Ch'en Chieh-ju, was the second wife of Chiang Kai-shek. She was nicknamed Jennie.
Chen's ancestral hometown was Ningbo, Zhejiang Province, but she was born in Shanghai. She wrote a memoir which Chiang successfully suppressed during his lifetime.
It was finally published in 1993. In the memoir, Chen details how she and Chiang Kai-shek met at the home of a mutual friend in 1918 and how he pursued her, finally convincing her to marry him on 5 December 1921 by stating that his arranged marriage with Mao Fumei was unhappy and celibate, and his liaison with Yao Yecheng was a social courtesy following her disfigurement. The couple held their wedding at East Hotel in Shanghai.
Chiang promised Chen that he was marrying Soong Meiling ("Madame Chiang") for political convenience before a Buddhist shrine, saying "Should I break my promise and fail to take her back, may the Great Buddha smite me and my Nanjing government.", and arranged for her to go to the United States on a five-year "study tour"; after this she was meant to return and married life would resume. However, once there, Chen learned from press articles that Chiang denied their marriage and said that he had paid for a "concubine" to move to the United States, which deeply aggrieved Chen.
Death.
Chen died on 21 January 1971 in British Hong Kong. In 2002, her remains were moved to Shanghai by her sole heir, fulfilling her last wish to be returned to her native place, making her the first in Chiang Kai-shek's family to be buried in Mainland China after the end of Chinese Civil War in 1949. Her remains were then laid at Fushou Park in Qingpu District, Shanghai.
The Kuomintang asked Jennie Chen for all copies of her diaries and memoirs, but in 1971 American author Ginny Connor took notes from Chen's memoirs. In 1993, Connor stated that she planned to write her own book based on the notes since "Chiang Kai-shek's Secret Past", another memoir based on notes from Jennie Chen, had been published.

</doc>
<doc id="6907358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907358" title="Bomolochos">
Bomolochos



</doc>
<doc id="6907369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907369" title="Stéphan Forté">
Stéphan Forté



</doc>
<doc id="6907371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907371" title="USS Lloyd Thomas (DD-764)">
USS Lloyd Thomas (DD-764)

The third USS "Lloyd Thomas" (DD/DDE-764) was a in the United States Navy during the Korean War and the Vietnam War.
Namesake.
Lloyd Thomas was born on 10 March 1912 in Nelsonville, Ohio. He was the second son and the fifth of six children of Perry Rice Thomas, a miner, and Donna Maria Fisher Thomas. He attended the local schools, graduating from Chauncey Dover High School and earning a degree from Ohio University in Athens, Ohio in June 1935. Thomas was appointed as an aviation cadet on 4 October 1938, and commissioned as an ensign on 26 October 1939. He joined Torpedo Squadron 6 (VT-6) aboard aircraft carrier on 13 December 1939 and a year later was promoted to lieutenant, junior grade. He married Mildred Macklin, a Navy nurse, in Yuma, Arizona, taking out a marriage license on 1 March 1941.
Piloting a Douglas TBD Devastator torpedo bomber on 4 June 1942, he died in his squadron's attack during the Battle of Midway. He was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross.
The name "Lloyd Thomas" was assigned first to the destroyer escort USS "Lloyd Thomas" (DE-312) and then to the destroyer escort USS "Lloyd Thomas" (DE-374), but both were canceled in 1944 before their construction was complete.
Construction and commissioning.
"Lloyd Thomas" was laid down by Bethlehem Steel Corporation, Shipbuilding Division, San Francisco, California, 26 March 1944; launched 5 October 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Lloyd Thomas, widow of Lt(jg.) Thomas; and commissioned 21 March 1947.
Service in the United States Navy.
After shakedown off San Diego, California and a training cruise in Hawaiian waters, the new destroyer departed the west coast 16 January 1948 for a round-the-world training and good will voyage. In company with the aircraft carrier and three other destroyers, "Lloyd Thomas" visited Sydney, Australia, Hong Kong, and Tsingtao, China. After Tsingtao, "Lloyd Thomas", , and "Valley Forge" proceeded westward, touching Singapore, Ceylon, and Saudi Arabia, transited the Suez Canal and the Straits of Gibraltar, then steamed north for calls at Bergen, Norway, and Southampton, England. The formation left England 13 March 1948, spent five days in New York City, and arrived at home port San Diego, Calif. 11 June, having steamed 46,168 nautical miles (85,503 km) during the five-month voyage.
During the rest of 1948, the destroyer trained reserves. In 1949, after conversion to a hunter-killer type destroyer at San Francisco Navy Yard, the ship joined the Atlantic Fleet at Newport, Rhode Island, in October and steamed north with the 2nd Task Fleet for cold weather exercises in the Arctic.
Returning home from the Arctic, the destroyer operated between Bermuda and Puerto Rico during the first two months of 1950. She was redesignated DDE-764 on 4 March 1950. Following four months of antisubmarine exercises and a midshipmen cruise early in July, the ship departed Newport 15 July for a five-day call at Reykjavík, Iceland. Returning from Iceland in early August, she left Newport for Naval Station Norfolk, Va. 6 September in company with three other destroyers. Just off Norfolk the destroyers rendezvoused with and escorted the big carrier to the Mediterranean. After rigorous operations with the 6th Fleet and calls at Sardinia, Sicily, and Golfe-Juan, France, "Lloyd Thomas" and her sister destroyers departed Gibraltar on 1 November to escort home. They arrived Norfolk on 9 November and the destroyers made Newport the next day.
Operation Mainbrace.
During the next two years, the ship conducted antisubmarine operations in the Caribbean and made yearly voyages to the Mediterranean. The 1952 voyage included a NATO amphibious landing on the coast of Denmark (Operation "Mainbrace") and port calls in Scotland in England. During 1953 she again operated with NATO, this time in the Mediterranean, and visited Cannes and Naples.
In early 1954, "Lloyd Thomas" checked out the new canted-deck carrier in the intricacies of anti-submarine warfare. From August to January 1955 the destroyer again operated with NATO units in the Mediterranean. Except for a quick run to Lisbon, "Lloyd Thomas" spent the rest of 1955 operating in home waters. The highpoint of 1956 was a summer midshipman cruise to Spain and the British Isles in company with the battleship .
On 4 January 1957 the ship departed Newport with Destroyer Division 242 and submarine for South America to acquaint our good neighbors in Colombia, Peru, Ecuador, and Chile with the newest techniques in antisubmarine warfare. Returning to Newport from Chile 18 March, she conducted local operations until departing 12 August for five months of patrol duty in the Mediterranean and Red Seas.
She spent most of 1958 in the Caribbean, with Operation Springboard that spring and refresher training during September and October. In 1959, besides hunter-killer training off Norfolk and a summer midshipman cruise to Quebec, "Lloyd Thomas" again operated with NATO in European waters.
During 1960, the ship returned to the Mediterranean, spending June through September with the 6th Fleet. Between exercises she visited Palma de Majorca, Barcelona, and Naples.
From March to December 1961, "Lloyd Thomas" underwent a Fleet Rehabilitation and Modernization (FRAM) II conversion, a program designed to add years of service to destroyers built shortly after World War II. After leaving New York Naval Shipyard she commenced six weeks of refresher training at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Redesignated DD-764 on 30 June 1962, the destroyer operated along the east coast until departing 7 September 1962 for a six-month tour to the Mediterranean and Middle East. During her duty with the Middle East Force in January and February 1963, the ship visited Ceylon, crossed the equator, and called at the Indian Naval Base in Visakhapatnam. She arrived Newport early in March and resumed operations from her home port.
Operation Fairgame II.
The ship returned to the Mediterranean in May 1964 for the joint Franco-American amphibious Operation Fairgame II. Then after a brief call at Athens, she spent June and July in the Near East, showing the flag and promoting good will in the nations bordering the Red Sea and Persian Gulf.
Operation Steel Pike I.
From 10 October to 19 November 1964, "Lloyd Thomas" escorted 28,000 Marines from Little Creek, Va. to the coast of Spain during "Operation Steel Pike I", the largest peacetime amphibious operation ever conducted.
During 1965 the destroyer, after installing new electronic gear to update her antisubmarine capabilities, trained in Guantanamo Bay, then participated in the late summer antisubmarine operation, CANUS-SILEX, with the Royal Canadian Navy in the western Atlantic. On 15 February 1966 she deployed from Newport again to the Mediterranean.
Returning to Newport 8 July, the destroyer entered drydock for three weeks beginning 29 July, at Bethlehem Shipyard, Boston, Massachusetts. Resuming operations on 22 August, she was plane guard for during the recovery phase of the Gemini II operation, 4 through 18 November.
On 1 March 1967 "Lloyd Thomas", with the rest of Destroyer Squadron 10 (Desron 10), departed Newport for another cruise to the Mediterranean during the Arab–Israeli war.
The ship arrived back at Newport on 20 July and operated out of her home port the remainder of the year. On 7 May 1968, after a brief tour of exercises in the Caribbean, DD-764 entered Boston for overhaul. Back in full fighting trim in the fall, she returned to local operations out of Newport into 1969.
Vietnam War.
On 19 April 1972, in what would later be called the Battle of Đồng Hới, the "Lloyd Thomas" with three other US Navy warships were engaged in a naval strike just below the Vietnamese Demilitarized Zone against North Vietnamese coast artillery when attacked by artillery, MIGs and automatic weapons fire. Among other minor damage, the "Lloyd Thomas" was struck by a single artillery shell on the port bow above the waterline. Three sailors had minor injuries and the "Lloyd Thomas" remained on the firing line.
She was decommissioned on 12 October 1972 and struck from the Naval Vessel Register on the same day.
Service in the Republic of China Navy.
She was sold to Taiwan on 12 October 1972, and renamed ROCS "Dang Yang" (DD-911).
In 1980s, she underwent Wu-Chin II modernization program and was reclassified as DDG-911.
She was decommissioned and stricken on 16 March 1999 and sunk as artificial reef on 31 October 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="6907390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907390" title="Yashamaru (Basilisk)">
Yashamaru (Basilisk)



</doc>
<doc id="6907405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907405" title="Michael DeBose">
Michael DeBose

Michael DeBose (December 16, 1953 – April 23, 2012) was an American politician who served as a Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives. He was first elected to that position on February 13, 2002.
Biography.
DeBose attended Cleveland State University, where he earned a BA in Mass Media Communications. He was an ordained and licensed minister of the Zion Chapel Baptist church. He was married with three children.
He was the primary sponsor of four bills, including one to create a mandatory pink sex offender license plate so people can better identify them, saying "The primary reason they can prey is because they're camouflaged from who they really are."
On May 1, 2007, DeBose was taking a walk around his neighborhood after returning from Columbus when two armed robbers attempted to hold him up. He had, in the past, voted against concealed weapon legislation, but cited the incident as changing his stance.
Death.
DeBose died of complications of Parkinson's disease on April 23, 2012, at the age of 58.

</doc>
<doc id="6907406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907406" title="Amanin">
Amanin

Amanin is a cyclic peptide. It is one of the amatoxins, all of which are found in several members of the mushroom genus "Amanita".
Toxicology.
Like other amatoxins, amanin is an inhibitor of RNA polymerase II. Upon ingestion, it binds to the RNA polymerase II enzyme which completely prevents mRNA synthesis, effectively causing cytolysis of hepatocytes (liver cells) and kidney cells.

</doc>
<doc id="6907407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907407" title="Eisenkappl">
Eisenkappl



</doc>
<doc id="6907410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907410" title="Chang Ya-juo">
Chang Ya-juo

Chang Ya-juo (died 1942) was the mistress of Chiang Ching-kuo and bore twin sons for him, John Chiang and Winston Chang. She was born in Jiujiang and met Chiang when she was working at a training camp for enlistees in the fight against Japan while he was serving as the head of Gannan Prefecture.
The twins took their mother's surname. Chang Ya-juo died under mysterious circumstances; after dining at a friend's house, she came home complaining of stomach cramps. She was admitted to the hospital in Guilin and died the next day.
After their mother's death, the twins were raised by Chang's brother and sister-in-law, Chang Hau-juo () and Chi Chen (), respectively, who were officially listed as their parents. They escaped to Taiwan with their uncle and aunt in 1949 and settled near Hsinchu.
After a legal process that included obtaining written declarations from Chi's sons, documents attesting to the father-sons relationship between Chiang Ching-kuo and the twins from retired general Wang Sheng (), the birth certificate listing Chang Ya-juo as his mother and DNA testing to prove that Chi was not his birth mother, John Chiang was able to obtain a new ID card listing Chiang Ching-kuo and Chang Ya-juo as his biological parents in December 2002. John Chiang officially changed his surname to Chiang in March 2005.
In 2006, Chiang stated he knew the identity of his mother's murderer, to be revealed as one of Chiang Ching-kuo's aides in his forthcoming memoirs, but that Chiang Ching-kuo had not ordered the murder and was not aware it was to take place.

</doc>
<doc id="6907415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907415" title="Ansionian">
Ansionian



</doc>
<doc id="6907426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907426" title="Renwick, Aspinwall and Russell">
Renwick, Aspinwall and Russell



</doc>
<doc id="6907434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907434" title="Pointe-Aux-Roches, Ontario">
Pointe-Aux-Roches, Ontario



</doc>
<doc id="6907435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907435" title="Mikhailovskoe Artillery Academy">
Mikhailovskoe Artillery Academy



</doc>
<doc id="6907438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907438" title="Exeter St. Davids">
Exeter St. Davids



</doc>
<doc id="6907441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907441" title="Point-Aux-Roches, Ontario">
Point-Aux-Roches, Ontario



</doc>
<doc id="6907443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907443" title="Eisenkappel">
Eisenkappel



</doc>
<doc id="6907447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907447" title=".arc">
.arc



</doc>
<doc id="6907452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907452" title="Ragnarok (Týr album)">
Ragnarok (Týr album)

Ragnarok is the third studio album by Faroese folk metal band Týr. It was released on 22 September 2006 by Napalm Records.
The album is bilingual with Faroese and English lyrics. The album features cover art by Jan Yrlund.

</doc>
<doc id="6907456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907456" title="Young People's Theatre">
Young People's Theatre

Young People's Theatre (YPT) is a professional theatre for young audiences located in Toronto, Ontario. The company produces and presents a full season of theatre and arts education programming, performing to approximately 150,000 patrons annually. Founded in 1966 by Susan Douglas Rubeš, YPT originally operated out of the now-demolished Colonnade Theatre on Bloor Street. Since its 1977–78 season, the company has resided in a renovated heritage building in downtown Toronto.
YPT operates two performance spaces at 165 Front Street East: the Ada Slaight Stage and the Nathan Cohen Studio. It stages an average of eight productions each year. Herbie Barnes become the Artistic Director in the Spring of 2021 and Camilla Holland became the executive director in September 2024.
History.
Rubeš created the Museum Children's Theatre in her Toronto kitchen and opened Alice in Wonderland at the Royal Ontario Museum in 1963. Rubeš staged her first YPT show, "The Looking Glass Revue," at the Colonnade Theatre in 1966.
Before being located at its current site, YPT staged shows at the St. Lawrence Centre, the Ontario Science Centre and Toronto's Firehall Theatre. The company also toured to schools throughout Ontario, and toured the play "Inook and the Sun" in the United Kingdom. In 1977, YPT staged its first show in its current location with an adaptation of "The Lost Fairy Tale". YPT added a drama school in 1969. The Drama School operates in Downtown Toronto and Etobicoke.
Several stage and screen actors have appeared on the YPT mainstage since the 1970s, including Martin Short, Megan Follows, Brent Carver, Cynthia Dale, Fiona Reid, Gordon Pinsent, R.H Thomson, Sheila McCarthy and Eric Peterson. Celebrities such as Drake and Kiefer Sutherland also attended YPT's Drama School.
In the spring of 2001, the theatre was renamed Lorraine Kimsa Theatre for Young People after a donation of $1.5 million from Kevin Kimsa in honour of his mother, Lorraine. In March 2011, the theatre announced a change back to its original name.
The Slaight family's 2015 donation of $3 million resulted in the creation of the Ada Slaight Education Centre at YPT. At the time it was the largest non-capital gift received by a Toronto theatre company. In 2022 a gift from the Slaight Family resulted in the renaming of the company's Mainstage to the Ada Slaight Stage. In 2016 YPT was one of a number of theatres offering free tickets to newly arrived Syrian refugees.
In 2020, YPT began a $13.5 million expansion project that resulted in the purchase of a multi-use building - YPT 161 Studios - across the street from the theatre on Front Street. The theatre also underwent extensive renovations that were unveiled in Sept. 2022.
The building.
Young People Theatre's current home is a renovated 1887 heritage building in Toronto, Ontario. This site was a three-story stable for the horses that pulled Toronto Street Railways horse cars in the late 19th century, as well as an electrical plant and a Toronto Transit Commission warehouse. The warehouse sat empty for much of the 20th century before it became the site for YPT. The building was renovated in 1977 by Zeidler Partnership Architects to contain a large main stage (the current day Ada Slaight Stage) and a smaller studio. YPT was given an Award of Merit by the Toronto Historical Board in 1979, "for its imaginative and sympathetic treatment of a landmark that might otherwise have been destroyed". In 2020, a $13.5 million campaign to expand YPT's complex began, with the renovations unveiled in 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="6907458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907458" title="Arc (file format)">
Arc (file format)



</doc>
<doc id="6907462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907462" title="Abraham de Revier Sr.">
Abraham de Revier Sr.

Abraham de Revier Sr. was the first elder of the Old Dutch Church of Sleepy Hollow in Sleepy Hollow, New York when it was organized in 1697.
He was one of the ninety-six original members of the church and was the patriarch of a leading family in the Sleepy Hollow community. He has also been credited as the author of a private memorandum book that is now lost to history, which was heavily drawn upon in 1715 by Dirck Storm to compose the church's history. However, he signed his 1716 will by his mark, so it is more likely that the memoranda should be credited to his son, also named Abraham and a later elder of the church, who had predeceased his father about 1712.
The Old Dutch Church of Sleepy Hollow's book of records is one of the most significant records in Early American history. "Het Notite Boeck der Christelyckes Kercke op de Manner of Philips Burgh" is a rare surviving record of Dutch Colonial American village life in English-occupied New York province.

</doc>
<doc id="6907463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907463" title="Zelesna Kapla">
Zelesna Kapla



</doc>
<doc id="6907468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907468" title="Nicolas Winding Refn">
Nicolas Winding Refn

Nicolas Winding Refn (; born 29 September 1970) is a Danish film director, screenwriter, and producer.
He directed the "Pusher" trilogy (1996–2005), the crime drama "Bronson" (2008), and the adventure film "Valhalla Rising" (2009). In 2011 he directed the action drama film "Drive" (2011) for which he won the Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Director. He was also nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Direction. Refn's next films were the stylistically driven action film "Only God Forgives" (2013), and the psychological horror film "The Neon Demon" (2016).
In 2019, he directed his first television series "Too Old to Die Young" (2019) which premiered on Amazon Prime. After Amazon's "Too Old to Die Young", Refn's next project took him to Netflix, and saw him returning to his native Copenhagen for the first time since "Pusher 3", and was the setting for his magical-realism series, "Copenhagen Cowboy". In 2008, Refn co-founded the Copenhagen-based production company Space Rocket Nation.
Early life.
Refn was born in Copenhagen, Denmark, and raised partly in New York City, United States. Refn's parents are Danish film director and editor Anders Refn and cinematographer Vibeke Winding. His half-brother is the musician Kasper Winding.
He attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts but was expelled for allegedly throwing a chair into a wall.
Career.
1996–2005: early career and the "Pusher" trilogy.
Refn made his directorial debut with the Danish crime film "Pusher" (1996). It garnered a Best Supporting Actor Award for Zlatko Burić at the 1997 Bodil Awards.
Refn then directed "Bleeder" (1999), which featured much of the same cast from the "Pusher" Trilogy, including actors such as Kim Bodnia and Mads Mikkelsen. Refn won the FIPRESCI prize for the film at the 2000 Sarajevo Film Festival the work won Best Lighting at the Robert Festival. The film was nominated for Best Film and Best Supporting Actress at the 2000 Bodil Awards, as well as for the Grand Prix Asturias for Best Feature at the 1999 Gijon International Film Festival.
In 2003, Refn directed and wrote his first English-language film, "Fear X", which starred John Turturro and was shot in Canada. Although a financial disappointment, the Danish-Canadian production won an International Fantasy Film Award for Best Screenplay at the 2004 Fantasporto Film Festival, and was nominated for best actor awards (for Turturro) at the Bodil Awards and the Fangoria Awards, and best film awards at festivals including Sitges Film Festival and the Sochi International Film Festival.
Refn later made two sequels to "Pusher", "Pusher II" (2004) (a.k.a. "Pusher II: With Blood on My Hands") and "Pusher 3" (2005) (a.k.a. "Pusher III: I'm The Angel of Death"). For "Pusher II", lead actor Mads Mikkelsen won a Best Actor award at the 2005 Bodil Awards, Best Actor at the 2005 Robert Festival (where the film was also nominated for Best Director, Best Screenplay and Best Film, among other nominations), and Best Actor at the 2005 Zulu Awards. The film was remade as a British version in 2012, "Pusher", directed by Luis Prieto and executive produced by Refn.
2005–2011: critical acclaim.
In 2008, Refn returned to the European art house film circuit after his unsuccessful Hollywood venture "Fear X". He wrote and directed "Bronson" (2008), which starred Tom Hardy as the title character, the U.K. prisoner Charles Bronson, noted for mental illness, violence and art. The film won Best Film at the 2009 Sydney Film Festival, and was also nominated for the Grand Jury Prize (World Cinema — Dramatic) at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival. Hardy won a Best Actor award at the 2009 British Independent Film Awards for his portrayal of Charles Bronson (and the film was nominated for a Best Achievement in Production award as well). Hardy was nominated for Best Actor by the Evening Standard British Film Awards and the London Critics Circle Film Awards.
In 2009, Refn teamed up again with frequent collaborator Mads Mikkelsen to write and direct "Valhalla Rising", a surrealistic period piece about the Viking era. The film won an International Fantasy Film Special Jury Award and Special Mention at the 2010 Fantasporto Festival, and won the Titra Film Award for Refn at the 2010 Neuchatel International Fantastic Film Festival. The film also won a Best Make-Up award at the 2011 Robert Festival.
2011–2016: Hollywood breakthrough.
In 2011, Refn directed the American action drama film "Drive" (2011). It premiered in competition at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival, where he received the Best Director Award.
The film earned Refn a BAFTA nomination for directing. The film was also nominated in 2012 for an Academy Award for Best Sound Editing, a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor - Motion Picture nomination for Albert Brooks, Excellence in Production Design Award from the Art Directors Guild, won Best Director, Best Screenplay (for Hossein Amini) and Best Supporting Actor (for Brooks) at the Austin Film Critics Awards, won Boston Society of Film Critics Awards for Best Supporting Actor (Albert Brooks) and Best Use of Music in a Film (by Cliff Martinez), the Critics Choice Award at the Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards for Best Action Movie, Best Director, Best Picture and Breakthrough Film Artist at the Central Ohio Film Critics Association, Best Original Score (Martinez) and Best Supporting Actor (Brooks) at the Chicago Film Critics Association Awards, Best Supporting Actor (Brooks) at the Florida Film Critics Circle Awards, Best Foreign Film at the Fotogramas de Plata, Best Director from the Las Vegas Film Critics Society, a Top Films Award from the National Board of Review, Best Supporting Actor (Brooks) at the National Society of Film Critics Awards, the San Francisco Film Critics Circle Awards and the New York Film Critics Circle Awards, Best Director at the San Diego Film Critics Society Awards.
Refn wanted to cast "Drive" actress Christina Hendricks as Wonder Woman, but later focused on Batgirl instead.
The Bangkok-set crime film "Only God Forgives", starring Ryan Gosling and Kristin Scott Thomas, premiered in competition at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. The film was awarded the Sydney Film Prize at the 2013 Sydney Film Festival.
Liv Corfixen, Refn's wife, directed the documentary "My Life Directed by Nicolas Winding Refn", centered on the life and work of Refn and their relationship. The documentary film premiered on July 17, 2014, in Denmark.
In September 2011, Refn said his next film would be "I Walk with the Dead", with Carey Mulligan, co-star of "Drive", slated to play the lead. According to Refn, it was to be a horror-movie sex thriller that may be set in Tokyo or Los Angeles. In October 2013 playwright Polly Stenham was confirmed to write the screenplay with Refn. They stated that the film will have an all-female cast. Refn admitted that he asked Stenham to write the screenplay to compensate for his perceived inability to write female characters. By November 2014, the film had been retitled "The Neon Demon", with filming planned to take place in Los Angeles in early 2015. The film starred Elle Fanning, Karl Glusman, Keanu Reeves, Christina Hendricks, Abbey Lee, Jena Malone and Bella Heathcote. The film was Refn's third consecutive in competition for the Palme d'Or.
2016-2025: television series and return to filmmaking.
Following "The Neon Demon", Refn developed and directed the streaming television series "Too Old to Die Young" for Amazon in 2019 and "Copenhagen Cowboy" for Netflix in 2023. The latter was his first Danish-language release since the "Pusher" series.
On 23 April 2025, it was announced that Refn would write and direct a film for Neon entitled "Her Private Hell," and it would star Sophie Thatcher, Charles Melton, Kristine Froseth, and Havana Rose Liu. Principal photography officially started on 8 May 2025.
Other work: adverts, short films and teaching.
He directed an extended Gucci commercial featuring Blake Lively and himself in a brief cameo, which premiered at the 2012 Venice Film Festival. The short film is entitled Gucci Premiere. He also directed the music video for his frequent collaborator Peter Peter's band Bleeder, which featured his wife Liv Corfixen as a crazy nurse. He also directed a series of Lincoln commercials starring Matthew McConaughey.
In 2019, Cannes Film Festival announced that it would host a masterclass with Refn on working in Film and TV.
Unrealized projects.
In 2005, it was reported that Refn would co-write a screenplay with Nicholas St. John titled "Billy's People". Following the box office disasters of his films "Bleeder" (1999) and "Fear X" (2003), Refn scrapped the project.
In 2009, Refn expressed high interest in developing a film biopic of notorious English occultist Aleister Crowley, with "Bronson" star Tom Hardy in the lead role. Refn admitted to not knowing anything about the life of the magician and referred to Crowley as a "Satan-worshipping cult personality". That year, he became attached to direct "Jekyll", a modern retelling of "Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde" with Keanu Reeves set to play the titular roles. Refn wanted the film to take place "in modern America and use as much credible science as possible." However, in February 2010, he dropped out of the project in order to work on "Drive".
In 2010, Refn planned to direct Paul Schrader's script "The Dying of the Light" with Harrison Ford and Channing Tatum as the leads. However, in February 2010, Refn exited the project. In September 2011 during promotion for "Drive", he claimed that Ford did not want his character to die, causing the film production to fall apart. Schrader directed the film, which starred Nicolas Cage and Anton Yelchin in the Ford and Tatum roles. Following its release, Refn joined with Schrader, Cage, and Yelchin in protesting the studio's final edit of the project, which was not to Schrader's original vision. Tatum originally wanted Refn to direct "Magic Mike", which came to be directed by Steven Soderbergh and released in 2012. That year, Refn was attached a remake of the 1980s crime show "The Equalizer" starring Denzel Washington until the deal with Sony fell through. The adaptation "The Equalizer" ended up being directed by Antoine Fuqua and released in 2014.
In July 2016, Refn revealed that he had turned down the offer to direct the James Bond movie "Spectre". The following month, he announced on Twitter that his next project would be titled "The Avenging Silence", calling it "Ian Fleming + William Burroughs + NWR = The Avenging Silence" and posted images for Fleming's novel "Dr. No" and for Burroughs's novel "The Soft Machine". Producer Lene Borglum described the purported plot as: "[A] former European spy [accepts] a mission from a Japanese businessman to take down the head of a Yakuza boss in Japan".
Directing style.
Refn has spoken about characterization in his films:
Refn prefers to shoot his films in chronological order: "I read that [director John Cassavetes] had done it on some of his films, so I thought, 'That's a pretty cool approach.' And after I did it on my first movie, I felt, 'How can you do a movie any other way?' It's like a painting—you paint the movie as you go along, and I like the uncertainty of not knowing exactly how it's going to turn out." Refn spoke more about shooting in chronological order in September 2011, in reference to "Drive":
On his approach to working with actors, Refn has said:
Refn's color blindness has influenced his style: "I can't see mid-colors. That's why all my films are very contrasted, if it were anything else I couldn't see it."
Influences.
Refn has cited viewing "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" (1974) as inspiration for his filmmaking career:
Refn has said numerous times that his largest cinematic influence has been the director Alejandro Jodorowsky (to whom Refn dedicated "Only God Forgives"), of whom he has said:
He stated that for his first film "Pusher", he stole everything from Gillo Pontecorvo's 1965 Oscar-nominated "The Battle of Algiers" and Ruggero Deodato's 1980 highly controversial film "Cannibal Holocaust". Also influential to his film viewing experience were John Cassavetes' 1976 film "The Killing of a Chinese Bookie" and Kevin Smith's 1994 indie film "Clerks".
Other favorites include "Tokyo Drifter" (1966), "Kwaidan" (1964), "My Life as a Dog" (1985), "Man on Fire" (2004), "Pretty Woman" (1990), "Scorpio Rising" (1963), "Vampyr" (1932), "Videodrome" (1983), "Suspiria" (1977), "Cloverfield" (2008), "Flesh for Frankenstein" (1973), "Planet of the Vampires" (1965), "Liquid Sky" (1982), "The Shining" (1980), "Night of the Living Dead" (1968), "To Die For" (1995), "Sixteen Candles" (1984), "The Night of the Hunter" (1955), "Alien" (1979) and "Beauty and the Beast" (1946). Some of the films Refn helped restore include Ron Ormond's "The Burning Hell" (1974), Curtis Harrington's "Night Tide" (1961) and Ray Dennis Steckler's "Wild Guitar" (1962).
He has also stated he is influenced by extraterrestrials. After the making of "Copenhagen Cowboy", a "making-of" documentary was produced titled "Copenhagen Cowboy: Nightcall with Nicolas Winding Refn", and it arrived on Netflix on January 31, 2023. In the documentary, Refn said:
Personal life.
Refn is married to actress Liv Corfixen, and together they have two daughters, Lola and Lizzielou. Corfixen wrote and directed a documentary entitled "My Life Directed by Nicolas Winding Refn", which chronicles the "behind the scenes" experience of shooting "Only God Forgives" when the entire family had to be relocated to Thailand. The documentary has received positive reviews after premiering at Fantastic Fest and Beyond Fest. The soundtrack for the documentary is also composed entirely by Cliff Martinez, with the last track "Disconnected" composed, written and sung by Julian Winding, Refn's nephew.
After making the movie "Fear X", Refn was heavily in debt. The story of his recovery is recorded in the documentary "Gambler", directed by Phie Ambo.
At the 2011 Cannes Film Festival, Refn said that he was repulsed by the controversial remarks by Lars von Trier about Adolf Hitler, calling them unacceptable.
Filmography.
Film.
Executive producer
Acting roles
Documentary appearances
Television.
Acting role

</doc>
<doc id="6907470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907470" title="UVGI">
UVGI



</doc>
<doc id="6907480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907480" title="689th Radar Squadron">
689th Radar Squadron

The 689th Radar Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 25th Air Division, stationed at Mount Hebo Air Force Station, Oregon. It was inactivated on 30 June 1979.
History.
The 689th Radar Squadron's long range radars (LRR) were part of the Air Force Semi-Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) computer directed system for air defense. Available squadron electronic equipment was able to support the detection, identification, and destruction of enemy aircraft. This was accomplished by communications between the SAGE computer at McChord Air Force Base, the radars and communications systems at Mount Hebo Air Force Station, and airborne interceptor aircraft such as the supersonic Convair F-106 Delta Dart jet.
Radar systems operated and maintained by the 689th included the AN/FPS-24 search radar and the AN/FPS-26A and AN/FPS-90 height finder radars. The FPS-24 was housed in a 5 story tall (85 ft) building with two separate transmitters, a receiver, and special receiver equipment to provide counter measures against enemy jamming. In addition, the radar antenna was housed beneath a rigid radome about 145 ft in diameter and 100 ft tall. Three separate radomes were installed in the period from 1962 to 1965. All three were destroyed by high winds, the last in 1968. As a result, the FPS-24 was removed and a FPS-27 search radar requiring a much smaller radome was installed. Both height finder radar antennas were protected by smaller, inflatable radomes. Each height finder radar was installed in its own building. The FPS-26A radar was later modified beginning in 1967 to an FSS-7 Sea Launched Ballistic Missile detector. All three radar buildings were connected together so that 689th personnel could walk between them and the Operations building and be protected from adverse weather conditions.
The 689th Radar Squadron was originally assigned to the SAGE Portland Air Defense Sector at Adair Air Force Station, Oregon, a part of the 25th Air Division SAGE at McChord Air Force Base, Washington. Higher headquarters included 4th Air Force (Hamilton Air Force Base, California), and Air Defense Command (Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado). As the northernmost LRR site in the sector, the 689th was also able to feed its radar data to the Seattle Air Defense Sector, another adjacent unit of the 25th Air Division. When the sectorsS were absorbed into the 25th Air Division, the radars of the 689th and related units were connected to the computers there. In July 1967, Detachment 2 of the 14th Missile Warning Squadron was activated at Mt Hebo to operate a missile warning radar. Both squadrons are now inactive. The Air Force equipment and facilities at Mt Hebo have been removed and the site returned to its natural state. A plaque is virtually all that remains of the radar station. It is dedicated "In Memory Of Those Who Served At Mt. Hebo AFS, Oregon. 689th Radar Sq., Oct.1956-June 1979. Det.2 14th MWS July 1967 - Sep.1980".
Squadron responsibilities included operation and maintenance of the installed radar and communications equipment, and various support activities including food service, supply, power production, civil engineering, administration, transportation, and personnel services. Available facilities included buildings for the radar and communications equipment, barracks for personnel, family housing, a power plant, dining hall, gym, motor pool, and administrative activities. The Squadron had all the functions and capabilities of a small town.

</doc>
<doc id="6907484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907484" title="Eunomus (king)">
Eunomus (king)



</doc>
<doc id="6907487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907487" title="List of Featherweight boxing champions">
List of Featherweight boxing champions



</doc>
<doc id="6907488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907488" title="Mikhailovskaya Artillery Academy">
Mikhailovskaya Artillery Academy



</doc>
<doc id="6907489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907489" title="James Island (San Juan Islands)">
James Island (San Juan Islands)

James Island is one of the San Juan Islands in San Juan County, Washington, United States. It lies in Rosario Strait just off the eastern shore of Decatur Island and west of the city of Anacortes. The entire island comprises James Island Marine State Park of the Washington State Park System. It has a land area of with of saltwater shoreline. The island has no potable water or residents. It has three different camping areas, each with at least one toilet. The camping areas combine for a total of 13 campsites and are connected by a loop trail. James Island was named by Charles Wilkes in 1841 to commemorate the naval hero Reuben James. The property was transferred from the federal government to the Washington State Parks and Recreation Commission in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="6907491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907491" title="KAFA (FM)">
KAFA (FM)



</doc>
<doc id="6907492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907492" title="Heinrich Stölzel">
Heinrich Stölzel

Heinrich David Stölzel (7 September 1777 – 16 February 1844) was a German horn player who developed some of the first valves for brass instruments. He developed the first valve for a brass musical instrument, the Stölzel valve, in 1818, and went on to develop various other designs, some jointly with other inventor musicians.
Biography.
Stölzel was born in Schneeberg, Saxony. His father was also a musician, and as a young man he learnt to play numerous instruments, including harp, violin, trumpet and horn. From 1800 he was employed as a military musician for the Duke of Pless, Silesia, mainly playing the horn.
During this time, the horn used was essentially a natural horn, which restricted the range of notes that were able to be easily used to only those in the instrument's natural harmonic series, and variations thereof created by using the hand in the bell to alter the pitch. German musicians also used an "Inventionshorn", which allowed some further range of notes by manually inserting extra crooks.
Stölzel dedicated himself to the further development of the instrument, and experimented with adding valves that redirected the air stream into different lengths of tubing, to lengthen the sections of tubing available and thereby created more (and lower) usable harmonic series. His system featured two valves; the first lowered the instrument's fundamental pitch by a tone, the second by a semitone. Depressing both at once lowered the fundamental by a tone and a half. By 1814 he had developed a playable valve horn, able to play a chromatic series in the instrument's upper register.
Stölzel reportedly wrote directly to King Friedrich Wilhelm III of Prussia to publicise his invention, and musical director Gottlob Benedikt Bierey of the Beslau City Theatre wrote in the "Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung" on 3 May 1815: "Heinrich Stölzel, the chamber musician from Pless in Upper Silesia, in order to perfect the Waldhorn, has succeeded in attaching a simple mechanism to the instrument, thanks to which he has obtained all the notes of the chromatic scale in a range of almost three octaves, with a good, strong and pure tone. All the artificial notes – which, as is well known, were previously produced by stopping the bell with the right hand, and can now be produced merely with two levers, controlled by two fingers of the right hand – are identical in sound to the natural notes and thus preserve the character of the Waldhorn. Any Waldhorn player will, with practice, be able to play on it."
Fellow inventor and musician Friedrich Blühmel also designed a similar valve system independently of Stölzel around the same time. On 12 April 1818, Stölzel and Blühmel registered a joint patent for ten years.
The same year, on 16 October 1818, the first work for valved horn was performed - the "Concertino für drei Waldhörner und ein chromatisches Ventilhorn", written by composer and horn player Georg Abraham Schneider.
Stölzel's early two-valve horn design was soon expanded to three by instrument builder Christian Friedrich Sattler of Leipzig, and the first valve trumpets were built in 1820. As the system was further developed by other inventors, similar valves were eventually built into almost all members of the brass instrument family.
Stölzel died in Berlin in 1844.

</doc>
<doc id="6907493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907493" title="List of Featherweight Boxing Champions">
List of Featherweight Boxing Champions



</doc>
<doc id="6907501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907501" title="Samuel james ryce">
Samuel james ryce



</doc>
<doc id="6907507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907507" title="Hesselbach's triangle">
Hesselbach's triangle



</doc>
<doc id="6907509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907509" title="Annick Smith">
Annick Smith

Annick Smith (born 1936) is a French-born American writer and filmmaker whose work often focuses on the natural world.
Biography.
The daughter of Jewish-Hungarian émigrés, Smith was born in Paris and raised in Chicago, Illinois. In 1964, she moved to Montana, where she and her husband and sons eventually settled on a ranch in the Blackfoot River valley. Her husband died from heart failure in 1974, but Smith remained on the land to raise her sons. Her writings mostly revolve around the subjects of environmentalism, travel, and history of Montana. She was also a founding member of the Sundance Film Institute and Hellgate Writers in Missoula, Montana.
Among her books are "Homestead", "Big Bluestem", "In This We Are Native" and "Crossing the Plains with Bruno". She also co-edited an anthology of Montana writing, "The Last Best Place". Her travel writing and essays have appeared in journals such as "Audubon", "Outside", "Islands", "Travel + Leisure", and "National Geographic Traveler".
In October 2018, Milkweed Editions published "Hearth: A Global Conversation on Identity, Community, and Place", a book Smith co-edited with Susan O'Connor. Smith had previously worked with O'Connor on "The Wide Open: Prose, Poetry, and Photographs of the Prairie", published by University of Nebraska Press in 2008.
Smith served as executive producer of the film "Heartland" and co-producer of "A River Runs Through It", directed by Robert Redford. She was also a founding board member of Redford’s Sundance Institute. An often overlooked fact is that she is the producer of the documentary on the late poet Richard Hugo, "Kicking the Loose Gravel Home: Richard Hugo".
Smith lived in Montana with her partner, the writer William Kittredge.

</doc>
<doc id="6907510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907510" title="Charles Frederick Lyttelton">
Charles Frederick Lyttelton

Rev. Hon. Charles Frederick Lyttelton (26 January 1887 – 3 October 1931) was an English priest and first-class cricketer from the Lyttelton family. He played 31 games for Cambridge University, Worcestershire and Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) in the early twentieth century.
Early life and family.
Lyttelton was born in Marylebone, London, the third son of Charles Lyttelton, 8th Viscount Cobham. He was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge, and became a clergyman. He served in the Royal Army Chaplains' Department in the First World War and was awarded the Military Cross in the 1919 Birthday Honours for distinguished service in France and Flanders.
In 1920, he married Sibell Eleanor Maud Kay-Shuttleworth ("née" Adeane), daughter of Charles Adeane and widow of Hon. Edward James Kay-Shuttleworth, (son of the 3rd Baron Shuttleworth) who was killed in 1917 in a military accident. They had two sons, Lt. John Anthony Lyttelton (1921–1944), who was killed in Italy in the Second World War, and a son who died in infancy. John Anthony was also educated at Eton and was in the cricket XI in 1939–40.
His stepchildren were Charles Kay-Shuttleworth, 4th Baron Shuttleworth (1917–1975) and Pamela Kay-Shuttleworth, who married as her first husband Keith Rous, 5th Earl of Stradbroke.
Cricket career.
Lyttelton appeared in a minor match in August 1906 when he played at Stoke Edith playing for a team of the same name against "Gentlemen of the Netherlands" and took three wickets including that of Carst Posthuma. Two weeks later he made his first-class debut for Worcestershire against Gloucestershire, though he bowled only a single over (which cost ten runs) and managed 6 and 13 with the bat.
His maiden first-class wicket, that of Jack Sharp, had to wait until his next game, for Cambridge against Lancashire in May 1907. Lyttelton had a very good match, taking 2-26 and 5-33 (his best innings performance) as well as scoring 25 not out from number eleven. Cambridge recorded a crushing win by an innings and 204 runs, which remains their second highest margin of victory.
1908 was Lyttelton's most productive season, as in ten matches (all but one for Cambridge; the other was for Worcestershire) he took a total of 47 wickets, including 5–75 against Sussex. He won his blue that year too, his five wickets in the Varsity Match proving important as Cambridge beat Oxford by the narrow margin of two wickets. He also played against Oxford the following year (though he took no wickets), and played five times for Worcestershire, although he never claimed more than three wickets in an innings that summer.
Lyttelton played his last three first-class matches in 1910: two for Worcestershire and his one and only appearance for MCC, a badly rain-affected game against his old university in which he neither batted nor bowled. For his county he took three wickets in each of the two matches he played, with his final first-class wicket being that of Hampshire's Alexander Johnston. In this, his final game, Lyttelton captained Worcestershire for the only time in his career.
A very large number of Lyttelton's relations played cricket to a high standard: his grandfather, father, brother, five uncles and a nephew all made at least one first-class appearance, with one of those uncles, Alfred Lyttelton, playing four Test matches for England in the 1880s. Two of his brothers-in-law were also first-class cricketers.
Lyttelton died in Paddington, London, at age 44.

</doc>
<doc id="6907517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907517" title="Yulia Ivanova (model)">
Yulia Ivanova (model)

Yulia Ivanova (Russian: Юлия Иванова) (born 1983, Novosibirsk) is a Russian model and beauty pageant titleholder. She was crowned Krasa Rossii 2005 and later represented Russia at Miss World 2005. She made the top 15 by winning the Beach Beauty competition. Before competing in beauty pageants Yulia was a contestant in Ty - supermodel cycle 2 TV show &amp; participated in Krasa Rossii 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6907519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907519" title="Samuel james rice">
Samuel james rice



</doc>
<doc id="6907522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907522" title="Beach Beauty competition">
Beach Beauty competition



</doc>
<doc id="6907524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907524" title="Mikhailovskoye Artillery School">
Mikhailovskoye Artillery School



</doc>
<doc id="6907527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907527" title="Samuel ryce">
Samuel ryce



</doc>
<doc id="6907528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907528" title="Die Frontschau">
Die Frontschau

Die Frontschau (English:"The Front Show") is a series of German World War II era military training films, shown to German soldiers shortly before deployment to the Eastern Front. These films were directed by the veteran propagandist Fritz Hippler, best known for "Der Ewige Jude".
The installments in the series are:

</doc>
<doc id="6907532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907532" title="Samuel rice">
Samuel rice



</doc>
<doc id="6907543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907543" title="WFGY">
WFGY

WFGY (98.1 FM, "Froggy 98.1") is a commercial radio station licensed to serve Altoona, Pennsylvania. The station is owned by Seven Mountains Media, through licensee Southern Belle Media Family, LLC, and broadcasts a Froggy-branded country format.
WFGY is the flagship station of the Froggy Radio network of stations in the region, which also includes WFGI-FM (Froggy 95.5 on 95.5 MHz), licensed to serve Johnstown, Pennsylvania, and WFGE (Big Froggy 101.1 on 101.1 MHz), licensed to serve State College, Pennsylvania.
WFGY is a grandfathered “superpower” station. While the station’s effective radiated power (ERP) is within the maximum limit allowed for a Class B FM station, its antenna height above average terrain (HAAT) is too high for its ERP according to current FCC rules.
Sister stations.
The sister stations of WFGY in the Altoona market are 100.1 WALY, 103.9 WQWY, 104.9 WRKY-FM, 1290 WFBG, and 1430 WTNA.
History.
Beginnings as WFBG-FM.
The Federal Communications Commission granted Triangle Publications, Inc. a construction permit for the station on April 8, 1959, with the WFBG-FM call sign. The station signed on October 17, 1960, and was granted its first license on March 26, 1962.
On September 20, 1972, the FCC granted a voluntary reassignment of the station's license to The Gilcom Corporation.
The station was best known for being Blair County's exclusive easy listening station, primarily automated, like others of its day. However, change would come by the start of the 1990s.
Switchover to Froggy.
On April 2, 1991, the station's call sign was changed to WFGY. Forever of PA, LLC (Forever Media) purchased the station on July 31, 1996, with the sale consummating on August 31, 1996. The station adopted the "Froggy 98" branding while changing format to country music. The station became known for its colorful presentation, with jingles resembling a frog's croak (or, as they proclaimed, "ribbit"), as well as the even more colorful names assigned to its on-air staff. The station also promoted a family-friendly image and did station giveaways catering to families.
Among the on-air names used at Froggy by the DJs over the years were Roger Ribbit, Web Foote, Holly Hopper, Jeff Jumper, Davey Croak-it, Cricket, Tad Pole, Pete Moss, Polly Wogg, Kellie Green, Steve "The Frogman" Kelsey, Jumpin' Jim, and James Pond. The current morning show is Jojo and Lily. It is also simulcast on sister station WFGE State College (Big Froggy 101). It has a large listening audience and has been on the air for over a decade. 
Sale to Seven Mountains Media.
It was announced on October 12, 2022, that Forever Media was selling 34 stations, including WFGY and the entire Altoona cluster, to State College-based Seven Mountains Media for $17.3 million. The deal closed on January 1, 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="6907551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907551" title="Dirck Storm">
Dirck Storm

Dirck Gorisszen Storm (16301716) was an early colonial American who recorded the first official history of the Dutch community at Sleepy Hollow. His book "Het Notite Boeck der Christelyckes Kercke op de Manner of Philips Burgh" is a rare document of life in colonial times. Sometimes referred to as "Het Notite Boeck", the five-part book is one of the few surviving records of Dutch Colonial American village life in English-occupied New York province.
Birth and early life.
One line of data provides that Dirck Storm was born in Utrecht, The Netherlands, in 1630 and his family resided in Leyden, Holland, where they dealt in fine cloth. R. W. Storm states that historical records carry this Storm line back to Dederick Storm, who lived in Wyck, near Delft, in 1390. The family may have been of Viking stock since so many settled in the province of North Brabant when the Vikings overran the Low Countries before the year 1000. A move from the low countries to Brabant before the year 1000 and a move to Brabant from there by Dirck in the 1600s do not support the internal logic of the latter statement.
At the age of eighteen, Dirck Storm went to Den Bosch to be a clerk in his uncle's commercial office. On May 13, 1656, he married Maria van Montfoort—daughter of Pieter van Montfoort, a Walloon Calvinist—in the church of St. Gertrude in 's-Hertogenbosch. By 1660, Storm was named Town Clerk of Oss in the Mayorate of 's-Hertogenbosch (Den Bosch). Public service was part of the Storm family history, as Dirck's father was the City Clerk of Leiden and his grandfather was a lawyer in the Court of Justice of Holland, West Friesland and Zealand. However, primary sources for all of these ancestral data are needed. When Protestant Holland was hit by a recession after the overthrow of Cromwell in England, Dirck Storm set sail for the New World.
Many sources quoted in the first line of research say that the immigrant Dirck used the patronymic middle name “Gorisz” or variations thereof, short for Goriszoon, meaning “son of Goris”, strongly suggesting his father’s first name was Goris (aka Gregorius) and not Dirk as suggested by some. Primary sources give the place of birth and marriage of one Dirck Goris Storm as Oss and give his wife's name as Maria (or the diminutive Marijke/Mariken/Maritje) Pieters (Peter's) without any reference to a surname Montfoort or alternatively van Cortenbosch. For instance, archives in the Brabants Historisch Informatie Centrum (BHIC) have a record of the marriage at Oss of Derck Goris Storm, born in Oss, Groom on Sunday 20 June 1655 to Marijke Peters, born in Oss, Bride, daughter of Peter Teunissen. No primary sources seem to use the surname "van Montfoort" for Dirck's wife. Should it be found, the church record of the marriage of Dirck Storm could provide some missing ancestral data.
A different line of research is based significantly on records from the Province of Noord Brabant, including records of the town of Oss. This line of research would welcome evidence of primary documents to show ancestry in Utrecht or Zuid Holland. In the meantime, it provides that Dirck Storm's ancestors may have instead been from the Oss area of Noord Brabant (North Brabant), The Netherlands, and that he may have been born there. The town of Oss (aka Osch) lies in the eastern part of the Province of Noord Brabant. Oss is a suburb of the city of Den Bosch, separated by hamlets such as Lith and Lithoijen. 
Another BHIC record gives a Baptism on Sunday 24 Apr 1661 at Oss, father Dirck Gorisse Storm, child Peternella, mother Maria Peters. Winess 2, Derken Peter Anthonissen is daughter of Peter Anthonissen. This is consistent with a child aged 1 1/4 years when embarked on trip to America. One of three children shown on a passenger list.
The parentage of Maria Peters is arguably as found in Archival Records in Den Bosch referring to division in 1660 of an Estate at Lithoijen, apparently of the deceased parents of Dirck’s wife and her sister:
Thonis, also spelled Theunis, is a common Dutch first name, short for Antonis (cognate of the English name Anthony). "Thonisz." is an abbreviation of Thoniszoon, which, like "Anthonissen", means “son of (An)Thonis”. Maria Peters or Marike Peter Thonisse would in translation be Maria, daughter of Peter, son of Anthony.
Other records in North Brabant show lands owned or leased in the Lithoyen area by various Dirck Storms, possibly ancestors, as early as 1392. The following sale may well relate to our subject Dirck, recorded in Oss a few years before Dirck Storm's travel to North America: Derrick Goress Storm, as husband of Maryken, sold land on 1 May 1656 to Jan Theunisz living at Heesch, 1 ½ morgen land, situated at Lithoyenbroeck, at a place called Parsyck. Other transfers occurred as late as 1660 and 1661, found in the same archive using variable spelling versions of Dirck Goris Storm. These are consistent with preparations for emigration.
New Amsterdam.
In the fall of 1662, Storm emigrated, his wife Maria, and their three children (ages six, four and one) from the Mayory of Den Bosch to New Amsterdam in New Netherland onboard "De Vos" ("The Fox"). De Vos sailed from Amsterdam after 31 August 1662 and arrived New Amsterdam 14 November 1662 with a total of 54 emigrants. During the voyage, Maria gave birth to a daughter. The ship landed at the foot of Wall Street, in what is now Manhattan.
Town clerk and farmer.
Storm held real estate, owned a tavern on Beaver Street, and dabbled in inn-keeping. Later he was appointed Town Clerk in several communities in Breuckelen (today's Brooklyn); New Utrecht, Bedford, and Flatbush. Many land titles and hundreds of genealogies are based on the community records he kept. He also served as a teacher in some of these communities. He farmed land in Bedford and New Lots, and served as precantor to two of the Dutch churches in Breuckelen. In 1670, he was appointed Secretary of the Colony.
Sleepy Hollow.
In 1691, Storm was sent to Tappan by the British, who were setting up new governments at the time. There, he became the first Secretary and Clerk of the Sessions for Orange County, New York. He was also the Voorleser of the Tappan Church. In 1693, he joined his old friend Frederick Philipse, and acted as tax collector for the vast manor held by Philipse. Storm and his wife were recorded as members of the Old Dutch Church at Sleepy Hollow as early as 1697, soon after the church was constructed.
Writer.
On November 3, 1715, the church members selected Storm to begin recording the history of the church retroactively from 1697. Historic records show that they decided that Storm was "the best informed and most competent member be chosen to make up a statement of events that led to the founding of the church." Abraham de Revier, Sr. was the first elder of the church and evidently kept a private memorandum book that is now lost to history. However, it was heavily drawn upon by Storm in composing "Het Notite Boeck".
Legacy.
Storm was of the yeoman class and, under Dutch law, was allowed to buy his farmland in Sleepy Hollow outright from the lord of the Manor, his friend Frederick Philipse. All of his sons were farmers, but many descendants were captains of their own boats on the Hudson River. Descendant Capt. Jacob Storm lived in the Philipse Manor house, which is now a museum. The old mill house was once his office.
Death.
In May or June 1716, Storm died at Tarrytown, New York. He is buried at the Old Dutch Church Burying Ground in Sleepy Hollow, New York.
Dirck Storm is the ancestor of many notable Americans, including the famous clergyman David Storm, deacon and elder of the Old Dutch Church of Sleepy Hollow. Many Americans with the last name "Storm" or "Storms" can trace their ancestry to him.

</doc>
<doc id="6907552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907552" title="Arzap Drogue Stones">
Arzap Drogue Stones



</doc>
<doc id="6907553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907553" title="Cavanaugh Hall (University of Notre Dame)">
Cavanaugh Hall (University of Notre Dame)



</doc>
<doc id="6907557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907557" title="Mikhailovskoye Artillery Academy">
Mikhailovskoye Artillery Academy



</doc>
<doc id="6907565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907565" title="Othman Wok">
Othman Wok

Othman bin Wok (8 October 1924 – 17 April 2017), commonly referred to as Othman Wok, was a Singaporean statesman and diplomat. He served as Minister for Social Affairs from 1963 to 1977 and concurrently held the portfolio of Minister for Culture between 1965 and 1968. After retiring from politics, he was appointed Singapore's Ambassador to Indonesia and sat on the boards of both the Singapore Tourism Board and the Sentosa Development Corporation. Throughout his entire political career, he represented the constituency of Pasir Panjang.
Othman played a prominent role in Singapore's early post-colonial administration and is regarded as one of the country's founding fathers. He was among the earliest members of the People's Action Party (PAP) and was instrumental in consolidating support for the party among the Malay–Muslim community during a period of political uncertainty following independence. His leadership within the Cabinet and his efforts in promoting social cohesion, particularly in matters of minority representation and intercommunal relations, were viewed as critical to the development of a multiracial state. For his contributions to national development in the political, economic and social spheres, he was conferred the Order of Nila Utama (Second Class) in 1983 by the then President Devan Nair. Beyond his ministerial appointments, Othman was known for his long-standing involvement in civil and community affairs. Othman died in 2017 at the age of 92.
Early life.
Othman was born on 8 October 1924 in Singapore, then part of the Straits Settlements, into a family of Orang Laut ancestry. His father, Wok Ahmad, was a school teacher who later became a principal. Othman began his formal education at Telok Blangah Malay School at the age of five, and subsequently attended Radin Mas English School followed by Raffles Institution (RI). During the Japanese occupation of Singapore between 1942 and 1945, his father enrolled him in a Japanese-run school, believing that this would protect him from conscription into the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA). This decision enabled Othman to acquire a working knowledge of the Japanese language.
His grandfather, a religious teacher, expressed strong objections to Wok Ahmad's decision to place Othman in English-medium institutions such as Radin Mas and RI. He feared that exposure to a secular and Westernised education might lead his grandson away from Islam and towards Christianity. Despite these concerns, Othman remained firmly committed to his faith throughout his life. He would later play a pivotal role in bridging the Malay–Muslim community with the newly established People's Action Party (PAP) government from the 1950s onwards. His example lent support to his father's conviction that proficiency in English and participation in mainstream national education were necessary foundations for progress, both for individuals and for the broader Malay community.
Othman himself adopted a similarly pragmatic stance in matters concerning education and religion. He did not share his grandfather's anxieties regarding the influence of English-language or mission schools. He permitted one of his daughters to enrol at the Catholic school CHIJ Katong Convent, confident that such an education would not compromise her religious convictions. In keeping with the family's approach, his daughter continued to receive Islamic religious instruction outside of school and remained a practising Muslim.
Early career.
Othman began his professional career with the local Malay-language newspaper, Utusan Melayu, where he was first employed as a clerk following the completion of his education. In 1946, he was offered the position of reporter by Yusof Ishak, the newspaper's founder, who would later become Singapore's first president. In 1950, Othman was awarded a Colonial Development Scholarship to pursue a Diploma in Journalism in London. Upon completing his studies, he returned to Singapore in 1951 and resumed work at "Utusan Melayu", this time as a news editor.
Alongside his journalistic duties, Othman became increasingly involved in labour matters and was elected Honorary Secretary of the Singapore Printing Employees Union (SPEU). The union advocated for improved wages and working conditions within the printing industry. During this period, Othman met Lee Kuan Yew, who served as legal adviser to both Utusan Melayu and SPEU. This marked the beginning of a close and lasting friendship between the two men, which would later carry over into political life. Othman remained as news editor for six years until he was promoted to deputy editor in 1957.
Political career.
Days after the formation of the PAP in 1954, Othman joined the political party as his ideology of a national policy of multi-racialism was aligned with what the PAP sought to achieve. He took on the role of producing the party's Petir publication, and was a member of the bulletin's editorial board. In 1959, he was asked by the then legislative assembly member Ahmad Ibrahim to be the elected chairman of the PAP Geylang Serai/Tampines branch.
Minister.
Othman became Singapore's first Minister for Social Affairs following his successful victory in the 1963 Singaporean general election. At the time, he was the sole Malay member of the Cabinet and concurrently held the role of Director of the Malay Affairs Bureau. During his tenure, he introduced policies that left a lasting imprint on the Malay community. Among his most significant contributions was the establishment of the Singapore Pilgrimage Office, which became the first formal system for registering Hajj pilgrims in the country. This administrative body provided an organised framework for pilgrimage activities and laid the institutional foundation that continues to support Hajj operations in Singapore today.
The Singapore Pilgrimage Office would later evolve into the Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura (MUIS), which today regulates Hajj arrangements and other affairs concerning the Muslim community. Othman also presided over the implementation of landmark initiatives such as the Administration of Muslim Law Act (AMLA) and the Mosque Building Fund (MBF), both introduced through the Ministry for Social Affairs. These policies contributed to the formalisation of Muslim personal law and facilitated the construction of mosques in housing estates to serve the needs of an expanding urban population. His leadership reflected a commitment to integrating religious administration within the broader framework of Singapore's civil institutions.
Othman's political career was not without challenge. His alignment with the People's Action Party (PAP) attracted criticism from certain quarters of the Malay community, who at the time were courted by the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) in Kuala Lumpur, then promoting the ideology of "Ketuanan Melayu", or "Malay Supremacy". Some labelled him a "race traitor" for his decision to support a secular and multiracial party. He was unsuccessful in the 1959 Singaporean general election when contesting in Kampong Kembangan but later won in Pasir Panjang during the 1963 Singaporean general election. Upon his election, he resigned from Utusan Melayu to devote himself fully to politics. On 9 August 1965, following the Parliament of Malaysia’s vote for Singapore’s expulsion, Othman was one of nine ministers who signed the document of separation, doing so only after expressing concerns about the Malayan Communist Party and receiving assurances from Lee Kuan Yew.
Ambassador.
Having served 14 years as Minister for Social Affairs, Othman was appointed to serve as Singapore’s ambassador to Indonesia in 1977. His term would last three and a half years. He served as Member of Legislative Assembly (1963 to 1965) and Member of Parliament (1963 to 1980) for the Pasir Panjang Constituency, retiring on 5 December 1980 when parliament dissolved on the same day for the 1980 Singaporean general election. His seat was retained by Abbas Abu Amin of the PAP in that election, who held the constituency until it was redistributed in the 1991 Singaporean general election. Today, the area generally corresponds to the West Coast and Telok Blangah divisions of the West Coast Group Representation Constituency.
Post–political career.
Othman continued to be active and served in the Presidential Council of Minority Rights as a permanent member. He was also appointed as a member of several companies' board of directors.
Personal life.
Othman grew up in a humble family. In the first four years of his life, Othman lived with his Uncle, together with his grandparents and parents, in a kampong area dominated by Malays. He recounted that as a boy, different races lived together harmoniously, and he would have Chinese and Indian playmates whom he conversed with in Malay. In his mid-twenties, Othman went to London to receive further education in a polytechnic. Othman was married with four children. His hobbies included reading and writing ghost stories, one of his books being "Malayan Horror: Macabre Tales of Singapore and Malaysia in the 50s", a compilation of stories written by him. Othman has also penned a biography in 2000 titled: "Never in my Wildest Dreams", as a memoir of his life experiences.
Othman was considered as one of the "Old Guard" – a founding father and the first generation of leaders of post-independent Singapore. Othman also completed military service (called National Service in Singapore) with the People's Defence Force in 1980, holding the rank of Major. He also retired from politics in the same year. On 17 April 2017, he died at 12.22pm local time at the Singapore General Hospital due to poor health; he was 92. As per Islamic religious customs, there was no state funeral and he was buried at Choa Chu Kang Muslim Cemetery the next day.

</doc>
<doc id="6907566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907566" title="Jimushi Jubei">
Jimushi Jubei



</doc>
<doc id="6907581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907581" title="Železna Kapla">
Železna Kapla



</doc>
<doc id="6907584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907584" title="Tsungli Yamen">
Tsungli Yamen



</doc>
<doc id="6907585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907585" title="Ultraviolet germicidal irradiation">
Ultraviolet germicidal irradiation

Ultraviolet germicidal irradiation (UVGI) is a disinfection technique employing ultraviolet (UV) light, particularly UV-C (180–280 nm), to kill or inactivate microorganisms. UVGI primarily inactivates microbes by damaging their genetic material, thereby inhibiting their capacity to carry out vital functions.
The use of UVGI extends to an array of applications, encompassing food, surface, air, and water disinfection. UVGI devices can inactivate microorganisms including bacteria, viruses, fungi, molds, and other pathogens. Recent studies have substantiated the ability of UV-C light to inactivate SARS-CoV-2, the strain of coronavirus that causes COVID-19.
UV-C wavelengths demonstrate varied germicidal efficacy and effects on biological tissue. Many germicidal lamps like low-pressure mercury (LP-Hg) lamps, with peak emissions around 254 nm, contain UV wavelengths that can be hazardous to humans. As a result, UVGI systems have been primarily limited to applications where people are not directly exposed, including hospital surface disinfection, upper-room UVGI, and water treatment. More recently, the application of wavelengths between 200-235 nm, often referred to as far-UVC, has gained traction for surface and air disinfection. These wavelengths are regarded as much safer due to their significantly reduced penetration into human tissue. Moreover, their efficiency relies on the fact, that in addition to the DNA damage related to the formation of pyrimidine dimers, they provoke important DNA photoionization, leading to oxidative damage.
Notably, UV-C light is virtually absent in sunlight reaching the Earth's surface due to the absorptive properties of the ozone layer within the atmosphere.
History.
Origins of UV germicidal action.
The development of UVGI traces back to 1878 when Arthur Downes and Thomas Blunt found that sunlight, particularly its shorter wavelengths, hindered microbial growth. Expanding upon this work, Émile Duclaux, in 1885, identified variations in sunlight sensitivity among different bacterial species. A few years later, in 1890, Robert Koch demonstrated the lethal effect of sunlight on "Mycobacterium tuberculosis", hinting at UVGI's potential for combating diseases like tuberculosis.
Subsequent studies further defined the wavelengths most efficient for germicidal inactivation. In 1892, it was noted that the UV segment of sunlight had the most potent bactericidal effect. Research conducted in the early 1890s demonstrated the superior germicidal efficacy of UV-C compared to UV-A and UV-B.
The mutagenic effects of UV were first unveiled in a 1914 study that observed metabolic changes in "Bacillus" "anthracis" upon exposure to sublethal doses of UV. Frederick Gates, in the late 1920s, offered the first quantitative bactericidal action spectra for "Staphylococcus aureus" and "Bacillus coli," noting peak effectiveness at 265 nm. This matched the absorption spectrum of nucleic acids, hinting at DNA damage as the key factor in bacterial inactivation. This understanding was solidified by the 1960s through research demonstrating the ability of UV-C to form thymine dimers, leading to microbial inactivation. These early findings collectively laid the groundwork for modern UVGI as a disinfection tool.
UVGI for air disinfection.
The utilization of UVGI for air disinfection began in earnest in the mid-1930s. William F. Wells demonstrated in 1935 that airborne infectious organisms, specifically aerosolized "B. coli" exposed to 254 nm UV, could be rapidly inactivated. This built upon earlier theories of infectious droplet nuclei transmission put forth by Carl Flügge and Wells himself. Prior to this, UV radiation had been studied predominantly in the context of liquid or solid media, rather than airborne microbes.
Shortly after Wells' initial experiments, high-intensity UVGI was employed to disinfect a hospital operating room at Duke University in 1936. The method proved a success, reducing postoperative wound infections from 11.62% without the use of UVGI to 0.24% with the use of UVGI. Soon, this approach was extended to other hospitals and infant wards using UVGI "light curtains", designed to prevent respiratory cross-infections, with noticeable success.
Adjustments in the application of UVGI saw a shift from "light curtains" to upper-room UVGI, confining germicidal irradiation above human head level. Despite its dependency on good vertical air movement, this approach yielded favorable outcomes in preventing cross-infections. This was exemplified by Wells' successful usage of upper-room UVGI between 1937 and 1941 to curtail the spread of measles in suburban Philadelphia day schools. His study found that 53.6% of susceptibles in schools without UVGI became infected, while only 13.3% of susceptibles in schools with UVGI were infected.
Richard L. Riley, initially a student of Wells, continued the study of airborne infection and UVGI throughout the 1950s and 60s, conducting significant experiments in a Veterans Hospital TB ward. Riley successfully demonstrated that UVGI could efficiently inactivate airborne pathogens and prevent the spread of tuberculosis.
Despite initial successes, the use of UVGI declined in the second half of the 20th century era due to various factors, including a rise in alternative infection control and prevention methods, inconsistent efficacy results, and concerns regarding its safety and maintenance requirements. However, recent events like a rise in multiple drug-resistant bacteria and the COVID-19 pandemic have renewed interest in UVGI for air disinfection.
UVGI for water treatment.
Using UV light for disinfection of drinking water dates back to 1910 in Marseille, France. The prototype plant was shut down after a short time due to poor reliability. In 1955, UV water treatment systems were applied in Austria and Switzerland; by 1985 about 1,500 plants were employed in Europe. In 1998 it was discovered that protozoa such as "cryptosporidium" and "giardia" were more vulnerable to UV light than previously thought; this opened the way to wide-scale use of UV water treatment in North America. By 2001, over 6,000 UV water treatment plants were operating in Europe.
Over time, UV costs have declined as researchers develop and use new UV methods to disinfect water and wastewater. Several countries have published regulations and guidance for the use of UV to disinfect drinking water supplies, including the US and the UK.
Method of operation.
UV light is electromagnetic radiation with wavelengths shorter than visible light but longer than X-rays. UV is categorised into several wavelength ranges, with short-wavelength UV (UV-C) considered "germicidal UV". Wavelengths between about 200 nm and 300 nm are strongly absorbed by nucleic acids. The absorbed energy can result in defects including pyrimidine dimers. These dimers can prevent replication or can prevent the expression of necessary proteins, resulting in the death or inactivation of the organism. Recently, it has been shown that these dimers are fluorescent.
This process is similar to, but stronger than, the effect of longer wavelengths (UV-B) producing sunburn in humans. Microorganisms have less protection against UV and cannot survive prolonged exposure to it.
A UVGI system is designed to expose environments such as water tanks, rooms and forced air systems to germicidal UV. Exposure comes from germicidal lamps that emit germicidal UV at the correct wavelength, thus irradiating the environment. The forced flow of air or water through this environment ensures exposure of that air or water.
Effectiveness.
The effectiveness of germicidal UV depends on the UV dose, i.e. how much UV light reaches the microbe (measured as radiant exposure) and how susceptible the microbe is to the given wavelength(s) of UV light, defined by the germicidal effectiveness curve.
UV Dose.
The UV dose is measured in light energy per area, i.e. radiant exposure or fluence. The fluence a microbe is exposed to is the product of the light intensity, i.e. irradiance and the time of exposure, according to:
Likewise, the irradiance depends on the brightness (radiant intensity, W/sr) of the UV source, the distance between the UV source and the microbe, the attenuation of filters (e.g. fouled glass) in the light path, the attenuation of the medium (e.g. microbes in turbid water), the presence of particles or objects that can shield the microbes from UV, and the presence of reflectors that can direct the same UV-light through the medium multiple times. Additionally, if the microbes are not free-flowing, such as in a biofilm, they will block each other from irradiation.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) published UV dosage guidelines for drinking water treatment applications in 2006. It is difficult to measure UV dose directly but it can also be estimated from:
Bulbs require periodic cleaning and replacement to ensure effectiveness. The lifetime of germicidal UV bulbs varies depending on design. Also, the material that the bulb is made of can absorb some of the germicidal rays. Lamp cooling under airflow can also lower UV output. The UV dose should be calculated using the end of lamp life (EOL is specified in number of hours when the lamp is expected to reach 80% of its initial UV output). Some "shatter-proof" lamps are coated with a fluorated ethylene polymer to contain glass shards and mercury in case of breakage; this coating reduces UV output by as much as 20%.
UV source intensity is sometimes specified as irradiance at a distance of 1 meter, which can be easily converted to radiant intensity. UV intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance so it decreases at longer distances. Alternatively, it rapidly increases at distances shorter than 1m. In the above formula, the UV intensity must always be adjusted for distance unless the UV dose is calculated at exactly from the lamp. The UV dose should be calculated at the furthest distance from the lamp on the periphery of the target area. Increases in fluence can be achieved by using reflection, such that the same light passes through the medium several times before being absorbed. Aluminum has the highest reflectivity rate versus other metals and is recommended when using UV.
In static applications the exposure time can be as long as needed for an effective UV dose to be reached. In waterflow/airflow disinfection, exposure time can be increased by increasing the illuminated volume, decreasing the fluid speed, or recirculating the air or water repeatedly through the illuminated section. This ensures multiple passes so that the UV is effective against the highest number of microorganisms and will irradiate resistant microorganisms more than once to break them down.
Inactivation of microorganisms.
Microbes are more susceptible to certain wavelengths of UV light, a function called the germicidal effectiveness curve. The curve for E. coli is given in the figure, with the most effective UV light having a wavelength of 265 nm. This applies to most bacteria and does not change significantly for other microbes. Dosages for a 90% kill rate of most bacteria and viruses range between 2,000 and 8,000 μJ/cm2. Larger parasites such as "Cryptosporidium" require a lower dose for inactivation. As a result, US EPA has accepted UV disinfection as a method for drinking water plants to obtain "Cryptosporidium", "Giardia" or virus inactivation credits. For example, for a 90% reduction of "Cryptosporidium", a minimum dose of 2,500 μW·s/cm2 is required based on EPA's 2006 guidance manual.
"Sterilization" is often misquoted as being achievable. While it is theoretically possible in a controlled environment, it is very difficult to prove and the term "disinfection" is generally used by companies offering this service as to avoid legal reprimand. Specialist companies will often advertise a certain log reduction, e.g., 6-log reduction or 99.9999% effective, instead of sterilization. This takes into consideration a phenomenon known as light and dark repair (photoreactivation and base excision repair, respectively), in which a cell can repair DNA that has been damaged by UV light.
Safety.
Skin and eye safety.
Many UVGI systems use UV wavelengths that can be harmful to humans, resulting in both immediate and long-term effects. Acute impacts on the eyes and skin can include conditions such as photokeratitis (often termed "snow blindness") and erythema (reddening of the skin), while chronic exposure may heighten the risk of skin cancer.
However, the safety and effects of UV vary extensively by wavelength, implying that not all UVGI systems pose the same level of hazards. Humans typically encounter UV light in the form of solar UV, which comprises significant portions of UV-A and UV-B, but excludes UV-C. The UV-B band, able to penetrate deep into living, replicating tissue, is recognized as the most damaging and carcinogenic.
Many standard UVGI systems, such as low-pressure mercury (LP-Hg) lamps, produce broad-band emissions in the UV-C range and also peaks in the UV-B band. This often makes it challenging to attribute damaging effects to a specific wavelength. Nevertheless, longer wavelengths in the UV-C band can cause conditions like photokeratitis and erythema. Hence, many UVGI systems are used in settings where direct human exposure is limited, such as with upper-room UVGI air cleaners and water disinfection systems.
Precautions are commonly implemented to protect users of these UVGI systems, including:
Since the early 2010s there has been growing interest in the far-UVC wavelengths of 200-235 nm for whole-room exposure. These wavelengths are generally considered safer due to their limited penetration depth caused by increased protein absorption. This feature confines far-UVC exposure to the superficial layers of tissue, such as the outer layer of dead skin (the stratum corneum) and the tear film and surface cells of the cornea. As these tissues do not contain replicating cells, damage to them poses less carcinogenic risk. It has also been demonstrated that far-UVC does not cause erythema or damage to the cornea at levels many times that of solar UV or conventional 254 nm UVGI systems.
Exposure limits.
Exposure limits for UV, particularly the germicidal UV-C range, have evolved over time due to scientific research and changing technology. The American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH) and the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP) have set exposure limits to safeguard against both immediate and long-term effects of UV exposure. These limits, also referred to as Threshold Limit Values (TLVs), form the basis for emission limits in product safety standards.
The UV-C photobiological spectral band is defined as 100–280 nm, with limits currently applying only from 180 to 280 nm. This reflects concerns about acute damage such as erythema and photokeratitis as well as long-term delayed effects like photocarcinogenesis. However, with the increased safety evidence surrounding UV-C for germicidal applications, the existing ACGIH TLVs were revised in 2022.
The TLVs for the 222 nm UV-C wavelength (peak emissions from KrCl excimer lamps), following the 2022 revision, are now 161 mJ/cm2 for eye exposure and 479 mJ/cm2 for skin exposure over an eight-hour period. For the 254 nm UV wavelength, the updated exposure limit is now set at 6 mJ/cm2 for eyes and 10 mJ/cm2 for skin.
Indoor air chemistry.
UV can influence indoor air chemistry, leading to the formation of ozone and other potentially harmful pollutants, including particulate pollution. This occurs primarily through photolysis, where UV photons break molecules into smaller radicals that form radicals such as OH. The radicals can react with volatile organic compounds (VOCs) to produce oxidized VOCs (OVOCs) and secondary organic aerosols (SOA).
Wavelengths below 242 nm can also generate ozone, which not only contributes to OVOCs and SOA formation but can be harmful in itself. When inhaled in high quantities, these pollutants can irritate the eyes and respiratory system and exacerbate conditions like asthma.
The specific pollutants produced depend on the initial air chemistry and the UV source power and wavelength. To control ozone and other indoor pollutants, ventilation and filtration methods are used, diluting airborne pollutants and maintaining indoor air quality.
Polymer damage.
UVC radiation is able to break chemical bonds. This leads to rapid aging of plastics and other material, and insulation and gaskets. Plastics sold as "UV-resistant" are tested only for the lower-energy UVB since UVC does not normally reach the surface of the Earth. When UV is used near plastic, rubber, or insulation, these materials may be protected by metal tape or aluminum foil.
Applications.
Air disinfection.
UVGI can be used to disinfect air with prolonged exposure. In the 1930s and 40s, an experiment in public schools in Philadelphia showed that upper-room ultraviolet fixtures could significantly reduce the transmission of measles among students.
UV and violet light are able to neutralize the infectivity of SARS-CoV-2. Viral titers usually found in the sputum of COVID-19 patients are completely inactivated by levels of UV-A and UV-B irradiation that are similar to those levels experienced from natural sun exposure. This finding suggests that the reduced incidence of SARS-COV-2 in the summer may be, in part, due to the neutralizing activity of solar UV irradiation.
Various UV-emitting devices can be used for SARS-CoV-2 disinfection, and these devices may help in reducing the spread of infection. SARS-CoV-2 can be inactivated by a wide range of UVC wavelengths, and the wavelength of 222 nm provides the most effective disinfection performance.
Disinfection is a function of UV intensity and time. For this reason, it is in theory not as effective on moving air, or when the lamp is perpendicular to the flow, as exposure times are dramatically reduced. However, numerous professional and scientific publications have indicated that the overall effectiveness of UVGI actually increases when used in conjunction with fans and HVAC ventilation, which facilitate whole-room circulation that exposes more air to the UV source. Air purification UVGI systems can be free-standing units with shielded UV lamps that use a fan to force air past the UV light. Other systems are installed in forced air systems so that the circulation for the premises moves microorganisms past the lamps. Key to this form of sterilization is placement of the UV lamps and a good filtration system to remove the dead microorganisms. For example, forced air systems by design impede line-of-sight, thus creating areas of the environment that will be shaded from the UV light. However, a UV lamp placed at the coils and drain pans of cooling systems will keep microorganisms from forming in these naturally damp places.
Water disinfection.
Ultraviolet disinfection of water is a purely physical, chemical-free process. Even parasites such as "Cryptosporidium" or "Giardia", which are extremely resistant to chemical disinfectants, are efficiently reduced. UV can also be used to remove chlorine and chloramine species from water; this process is called photolysis, and requires a higher dose than normal disinfection. The dead microorganisms are not removed from the water. UV disinfection does not remove dissolved organics, inorganic compounds or particles in the water. The world's largest water disinfection plant treats drinking water for New York City. The Catskill-Delaware Water Ultraviolet Disinfection Facility, commissioned on 8 October 2013, incorporates a total of 56 energy-efficient UV reactors treating up to a day.
Ultraviolet can also be combined with ozone or hydrogen peroxide to produce hydroxyl radicals to break down trace contaminants through an advanced oxidation process.
It used to be thought that UV disinfection was more effective for bacteria and viruses, which have more-exposed genetic material, than for larger pathogens that have outer coatings or that form cyst states (e.g., "Giardia") that shield their DNA from UV light. However, it was recently discovered that ultraviolet radiation can be somewhat effective for treating the microorganism "Cryptosporidium". The findings resulted in the use of UV radiation as a viable method to treat drinking water. "Giardia" in turn has been shown to be very susceptible to UV-C when the tests were based on infectivity rather than excystation. It has been found that protists are able to survive high UV-C doses but are sterilized at low doses.
UV water treatment devices can be used for well water and surface water disinfection. UV treatment compares favourably with other water disinfection systems in terms of cost, labour and the need for technically trained personnel for operation. Water chlorination treats larger organisms and offers residual disinfection, but these systems are expensive because they need special operator training and a steady supply of a potentially hazardous material. Finally, boiling of water is the most reliable treatment method but it demands labour and imposes a high economic cost. UV treatment is rapid and, in terms of primary energy use, approximately 20,000 times more efficient than boiling.
UV disinfection is most effective for treating high-clarity, purified reverse osmosis distilled water. Suspended particles are a problem because microorganisms buried within particles are shielded from the UV light and pass through the unit unaffected. However, UV systems can be coupled with a pre-filter to remove those larger organisms that would otherwise pass through the UV system unaffected. The pre-filter also clarifies the water to improve light transmittance and therefore UV dose throughout the entire water column. Another key factor of UV water treatment is the flow rate—if the flow is too high, water will pass through without sufficient UV exposure. If the flow is too low, heat may build up and damage the UV lamp. A disadvantage of UVGI is that while water treated by chlorination is resistant to reinfection (until the chlorine off-gasses), UVGI water is not resistant to reinfection. UVGI water must be transported or delivered in such a way as to avoid reinfection.
A 2006 project at University of California, Berkeley produced a design for inexpensive water disinfection in resource deprived settings. The project was designed to produce an open source design that could be adapted to meet local conditions. In a somewhat similar proposal in 2014, Australian students designed a system using potato chip (crisp) packet foil to reflect solar UV radiation into a glass tube that disinfects water without power.
Modeling.
Sizing of a UV system is affected by three variables: flow rate, lamp power, and UV transmittance in the water. Manufacturers typically developed sophisticated computational fluid dynamics (CFD) models validated with bioassay testing. This involves testing the UV reactor's disinfection performance with either MS2 or T1 bacteriophages at various flow rates, UV transmittance, and power levels in order to develop a regression model for system sizing. For example, this is a requirement for all public water systems in the United States per the EPA UV manual.
The flow profile is produced from the chamber geometry, flow rate, and particular turbulence model selected. The radiation profile is developed from inputs such as water quality, lamp type (power, germicidal efficiency, spectral output, arc length), and the transmittance and dimension of the quartz sleeve. Proprietary CFD software simulates both the flow and radiation profiles. Once the 3D model of the chamber is built, it is populated with a grid or mesh that comprises thousands of small cubes.
Points of interest—such as at a bend, on the quartz sleeve surface, or around the wiper mechanism—use a higher resolution mesh, whilst other areas within the reactor use a coarse mesh. Once the mesh is produced, hundreds of thousands of virtual particles are "fired" through the chamber. Each particle has several variables of interest associated with it, and the particles are "harvested" after the reactor. Discrete phase modeling produces delivered dose, head loss, and other chamber-specific parameters.
When the modeling phase is complete, selected systems are validated using a professional third party to provide oversight and to determine how closely the model is able to predict the reality of system performance. System validation uses non-pathogenic surrogates such as MS 2 phage or "Bacillus subtilis" to determine the Reduction Equivalent Dose (RED) ability of the reactors. Most systems are validated to deliver 40 mJ/cm2 within an envelope of flow and transmittance.
To validate effectiveness in drinking water systems, the method described in the EPA UV guidance manual is typically used by US water utilities, whilst Europe has adopted Germany's DVGW 294 standard. For wastewater systems, the NWRI/AwwaRF Ultraviolet Disinfection Guidelines for Drinking Water and Water Reuse protocols are typically used, especially in wastewater reuse applications.
Wastewater treatment.
Ultraviolet in sewage treatment is commonly replacing chlorination. This is in large part because of concerns that reaction of the chlorine with organic compounds in the waste water stream could synthesize potentially toxic and long lasting chlorinated organics and also because of the environmental risks of storing chlorine gas or chlorine containing chemicals. Individual wastestreams to be treated by UVGI must be tested to ensure that the method will be effective due to potential interferences such as suspended solids, dyes, or other substances that may block or absorb the UV radiation. According to the World Health Organization, "UV units to treat small batches (1 to several liters) or low flows (1 to several liters per minute) of water at the community level are estimated to have costs of US$20 per megaliter, including the cost of electricity and consumables and the annualized capital cost of the unit."
Large-scale urban UV wastewater treatment is performed in cities such as Edmonton, Alberta. The use of ultraviolet light has now become standard practice in most municipal wastewater treatment processes. Effluent is now starting to be recognized as a valuable resource, not a problem that needs to be dumped. Many wastewater facilities are being renamed as water reclamation facilities, whether the wastewater is discharged into a river, used to irrigate crops, or injected into an aquifer for later recovery. Ultraviolet light is now being used to ensure water is free from harmful organisms.
Aquarium and pond.
Ultraviolet sterilizers are often used to help control unwanted microorganisms in aquaria and ponds. UV irradiation ensures that pathogens cannot reproduce, thus decreasing the likelihood of a disease outbreak in an aquarium.
Aquarium and pond sterilizers are typically small, with fittings for tubing that allows the water to flow through the sterilizer on its way from a separate external filter or water pump. Within the sterilizer, water flows as close as possible to the ultraviolet light source. Water pre-filtration is critical as water turbidity lowers UV-C penetration.
Many of the better UV sterilizers have long dwell times and limit the space between the UV-C source and the inside wall of the UV sterilizer device.
Laboratory hygiene.
UVGI is often used to disinfect equipment such as safety goggles, instruments, pipettors, and other devices. Lab personnel also disinfect glassware and plasticware this way. Microbiology laboratories use UVGI to disinfect surfaces inside biological safety cabinets ("hoods") between uses.
Food and beverage protection.
Since the U.S. Food and Drug Administration issued a rule in 2001 requiring that virtually all fruit and vegetable juice producers follow HACCP controls, and mandating a 5-log reduction in pathogens, UVGI has seen some use in sterilization of juices such as fresh-pressed.
UV Sources.
Mercury vapor lamps.
Germicidal UV for disinfection is most typically generated by a mercury-vapor lamp. Low-pressure mercury vapor has a strong emission line at 254 nm, which is within the range of wavelengths that demonstrate strong disinfection effect. The optimal wavelengths for disinfection are close to 260 nm.
Mercury vapor lamps may be categorized as either low-pressure (including amalgam) or medium-pressure lamps. Low-pressure UV lamps offer high efficiencies (approx. 35% UV-C) but lower power, typically 1 W/cm power density (power per unit of arc length). Amalgam UV lamps utilize an amalgam to control mercury pressure to allow operation at a somewhat higher temperature and power density. They operate at higher temperatures and have a lifetime of up to 16,000 hours. Their efficiency is slightly lower than that of traditional low-pressure lamps (approx. 33% UV-C output), and power density is approximately 2–3 W/cm3. Medium-pressure UV lamps operate at much higher temperatures, up to about 800 degrees Celsius, and have a polychromatic output spectrum and a high radiation output but lower UV-C efficiency of 10% or less. Typical power density is 30 W/cm3 or greater.
Depending on the quartz glass used for the lamp body, low-pressure and amalgam UV emit radiation at 254 nm and also at 185 nm, which has chemical effects. UV radiation at 185 nm is used to generate ozone.
The UV lamps for water treatment consist of specialized low-pressure mercury-vapor lamps that produce ultraviolet radiation at 254 nm, or medium-pressure UV lamps that produce a polychromatic output from 200 nm to visible and infrared energy. The UV lamp never contacts the water; it is either housed in a quartz glass sleeve inside the water chamber or mounted externally to the water, which flows through the transparent UV tube. Water passing through the flow chamber is exposed to UV rays, which are absorbed by suspended solids, such as microorganisms and dirt, in the stream.
LEDs.
Recent developments in LED technology have led to commercially available UV-C LEDs. UV-C LEDs use semiconductors to emit light between 255 nm and 280 nm. The wavelength emission is tuneable by adjusting the material of the semiconductor. , the electrical-to-UV-C conversion efficiency of LEDs was lower than that of mercury lamps. The reduced size of LEDs opens up options for small reactor systems allowing for point-of-use applications and integration into medical devices. The low power consumption of semiconductors has enabled UV disinfection systems powered by small solar cells to be deployed in remote or under-resourced regions.
UV-C LEDs don't necessarily last longer than traditional germicidal lamps in terms of hours used, instead having more-variable engineering characteristics and better tolerance for short-term operation. A UV-C LED can achieve a longer installed time than a traditional germicidal lamp in intermittent use. Likewise, LED degradation increases with heat, while filament and HID lamp output wavelength is dependent on temperature, so engineers can design LEDs of a particular size and cost to have a higher output and faster degradation or a lower output and slower decline over time.

</doc>
<doc id="6907587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907587" title="List of NFL Today personalities">
List of NFL Today personalities



</doc>
<doc id="6907588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907588" title="Irving Wiltsie">
Irving Wiltsie

Irving Day Wiltsie (14 November 1898 – 24 November 1943) was a United States Navy captain who was killed in action in 1943 while commanding an escort carrier in the Gilbert Islands location, in the Central Pacific during World War II. He was awarded the Navy Cross posthumously, the second highest combat decoration for valor after the Medal of Honor.
Biography.
Born in Hartford, Connecticut, Wiltsie graduated in the United States Naval Academy class of 1921. He then served at sea in a succession of ships, including "Arizona" (BB-39), "Wyoming" (BB-32), "Raleigh" (CL-7), and "Cleveland" (CL-21). Next he underwent flight instruction at NAS Pensacola, Florida, from 1925 to 1927 and was designated as a Naval Aviator. He subsequently served in seaplane aviation units embarked aboard "Milwaukee" (CL-5), "Memphis" (CL-13), and "Texas" (BB-35) before he returned to NAS Pensacola as an instructor. After another tour of sea duty—in "Louisville" (CA-28)—Wiltsie commanded the Naval Reserve Aviation Base at Minneapolis, Minnesota, from 29 June 1935 to 4 June 1937. He later commanded the bombing squadrons attached to "Saratoga" (CV-3) from June 1937 to June 1939, before he served at the Naval Air Station San Diego, California. He subsequently joined "Yorktown" (CV-5) as navigator on 27 June 1941 and received a promotion to commander on 1 July.
Wiltsie remained in "Yorktown" until her loss at the pivotal Battle of Midway from 4 to 6 June 1942. During the early stages of the action, Wiltsie displayed "outstanding professional ability" as he provided complete and accurate navigational information to air plot, thus enabling the carrier's air group to pinpoint their targets.
During the Japanese torpedo attacks on 4 June, when "Kates" from the carrier "Hiryū" located "Yorktown" and carried put a successful attack against her, Wiltsie, on instructions from the captain, conned the ship from his battle station in the conning tower and was later deemed directly responsible for the ship's evading a pair of torpedoes. When injuries sustained during the attack incapacitated the carrier's executive officer, Commander Wiltsie assumed these duties and directed the organization of a salvage party which fought valiantly to save the ship.
When "Yorktown" eventually succumbed to her damage and the coup de grace administered by Japanese submarine "I-168", Wiltsie directed the salvage party and the wounded to rescuing vessels alongside the doomed carrier.
Wiltsie was promoted to captain in September 1942 and commanded the seaplane tender "Albemarle" (AV-5) from 6 October 1942 to 12 June 1943. After this tour, he supervised the fitting-out of escort carrier "Glacier" (CVE-33) at the Seattle-Tacoma Shipbuilding Company and went on to supervise the same kind of activities of "Liscome Bay" (CVE-56). Captain Wiltsie would command this escort carrier from August 1943 until the ship's loss off Makin, in the Gilbert Islands, the following November.
In the predawn darkness of 24 November, Japanese submarine I-175 torpedoed "Liscome Bay"—the flagship of Rear Admiral Henry M. Mullinnix—which caused a mass detonation of aircraft bombs and ammunition and started fires fed by aviation gasoline. The flames spread rapidly, and the carrier rocked with explosions. Wiltsie immediately left the bridge and proceeded along the starboard gallery deck level to ascertain the damage to his ship, as communications had been severed early on. Despite the tremendous structural damage and raging fires, the captain headed aft to determine the full extent of the damage. Damage control efforts failed, however, and the carrier sank in less than 30 minutes thereafter, carrying down with it Captain Wiltsie, Admiral Mullinix, and 644 officers and men, including Third Class Cook Dorie Miller, who was awarded a Navy Cross for extraordinary heroism on a battleship during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
The citation for Captain Wiltsie's posthumous Navy Cross noted his "calm, courageous action and valiant devotion to duty" which inspired the surviving members of the crew.
Namesake.
USS "Wiltsie" (DD-716) was named for him.
References.
Noles, James L. (2004). "Twenty-Three Minutes to Eternity: The Final Voyage of the Escort Carrier USS Liscome Bay", University of Alabama Press.

</doc>
<doc id="6907589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907589" title="Oh, My NOLA">
Oh, My NOLA

Oh, My NOLA is an album from Harry Connick Jr. with his big band. The album was released in 2007, and contains well-known songs associated with New Orleans, as well as 4 new songs composed by Connick, who sings and plays the piano, conducts, arranges and orchestrates the album.
A portion of the royalties of "Oh, My NOLA" will be donated to Musicians' Village in New Orleans. He was honored with a "Strength and Spirit Award" from "Redbook" magazine in October 2006, for contributing proceeds from various music sales, and for his work on the Musicians' Village.
The album was released at the same day as his big band instrumental album "Chanson du Vieux Carre".
The album debuted at number one on the Billboard Top Jazz Albums, and at number 11 on the "Billboard" 200, with 44,000 copies sold.
A concert tour, the My New Orleans Tour, started on February 23, 2007 in North America, went on to Europe, and continued to Asia and Australia in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="6907591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907591" title="WFGI">
WFGI

WFGI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6907593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907593" title="WFGI-FM">
WFGI-FM

WFGI-FM (95.5 MHz, "Froggy 95.5") is a Froggy branded country music formatted radio station in Pennsylvania serving the Johnstown area. The station is owned and operated by Seven Mountains Media, through licensee Southern Belle Media Family, LLC.
History.
The station began at 96.5 (now WKYE) as WJNL-FM in 1973 as the sister station to WJNL. It played easy to listen to music and had news updates hourly and was known as by that call sign until it was purchased in 1996 by Clear Channel Communications. It then became "96.5 the Mountain" with the call sign WMTZ and began playing country music.
In 2005, Clear Channel decided to leave the Johnstown market and sold its station properties to Altoona-based Forever Broadcasting. Forever wanted to expand its Froggyland into the Pittsburgh area but the 96.5 signal was not able to do so. The 95.5 signal could, however, so in February 2005, the station became Froggy 95 (as it is still today).
Forever Media announced on October 12, 2022, that it was selling thirty-four stations, including WFGI-FM and its entire Johnstown cluster, to State College-based Seven Mountains Media for $17.3 million. The deal closed on January 1, 2023.
Signal abilities.
WFGI-FM has a strong signal that can be heard as far west as western suburbs of Pittsburgh and even eastern Ohio and as far east as Mifflin County, where it starts conflicting with WMRF on 95.7 FM from Lewistown. In recent years, however, the coverage area has faded, due to short space same and adjacent stations (e.g. WRSC-FM on 95.3 FM from Bellefonte) and also weather conditions having effect on coverage presumably from flora.
Multipath issues.
WFGI-FM has always suffered from signal degradation in the city of license, primarily because of the excessive height above the city as well as multipath caused by the local terrain of the Allegheny plateau. There are multiple areas in Johnstown that cause that station to have multipath.

</doc>
<doc id="6907600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907600" title="2005 Seattle Seahawks">
2005 Seattle Seahawks



</doc>
<doc id="6907602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907602" title="2005 Denver Broncos">
2005 Denver Broncos



</doc>
<doc id="6907605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907605" title="Hell On Wheels">
Hell On Wheels



</doc>
<doc id="6907609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907609" title="Jim Pike">
Jim Pike



</doc>
<doc id="6907613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907613" title="Albrecht Alcibiades">
Albrecht Alcibiades



</doc>
<doc id="6907615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907615" title="Eisenkappel/Železna Kapla">
Eisenkappel/Železna Kapla



</doc>
<doc id="6907621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907621" title="Nicolas Roche">
Nicolas Roche

Nicolas Roche (; born 3 July 1984) is an Irish cyclist, who competes in gravel cycling for his own NR GRVL team. He is also a former professional road bicycle racer, who rode professionally between 2005 and 2021 for seven different teams.
During his professional road racing career, Roche took twelve victories, including four titles at the Irish National Cycling Championships – two each in the road race and the time trial – and stage victories at the Vuelta a España in 2013 and 2015. He started a total of 24 Grand Tours, finishing 22, and he took a total of 65 top-10 finishes in Grand Tour stages, including 43 at the Vuelta a España (where he recorded a pair of top-10 overall finishes). He represented Ireland at the Olympics on four occasions between 2008 and 2020, and represented Ireland at the UCI Road World Championships eleven times between 2006 and 2020.
Since retiring from road cycling at the end of the 2021 season, Roche has worked as a directeur sportif for UCI Continental team and as a commentator for the international television feed at the Tour de France alongside Anthony McCrossan.
Early life.
Roche, who was born in Conflans-Sainte-Honorine, in suburban Paris, is the son of former cycling champion Stephen Roche and his former wife, Lydia. Nicolas Roche is also the nephew of former cycling professionals Laurence Roche and Neil Martin and cousin of 2008 Irish road champion Dan Martin. In childhood he resided in both Ireland and France. He lived in Dublin from 1996 to 1999, where he was educated at the Lycée Français d'Irlande in Foxrock for two years, and Blackrock College, a private school, for one year. During this period he was a keen soccer and rugby player. He moved to southern France in 1999, where he spent most of life since.
Career.
Early years.
He turned professional at the end of 2004, with team and became one of the youngest UCI ProTour racers. As his father is Irish and his mother French, Roche had dual nationality as an amateur. In early 2005, Roche was told by French officials to choose between his two nationalities. Roche declared for France as he was planning to spend the rest of his life in France. The loss of Roche was a blow to Irish cycling, as he had won the 2002 Junior Tour of Ireland and finished third in the 2004 Irish Elite championship. However, six months later, the UCI and Cycling Ireland told Roche he was given incorrect information, and that he could compete for Ireland and keep his two nationalities, which he did.
During his first two years, he was often a domestique, but he did get a few good results, mostly in French Cup races. His first win as a professional was a stage in the 2004 Tour de l'Avenir, a race known as a mini-Tour de France for riders under 25. He wore the yellow jersey for two days and finished tenth overall. He was in major breakaway in the 2006 World championships in Salzburg, Austria. Soon after, he signed a two-year contract with on the back of his many good results this season.
Credit Agricole (2007–2008).
In 2007, Roche rode the Giro d'Italia. In June, he won the Irish National Time Trial Championships (CN) in Dungarvan. He came also fourth in the Road Race Championship. Due to injury, Roche withdrew from the Tour of Ireland and missed the World Championship.
Roche had planned 2008 for the Giro d'Italia but organizers RCS did not invite his team. He changed his schedule, and finished sixth in the Tour Ivoirien de la Paix, 15th in Clásica Internacional de Alcobendas in Spain and won a stage in GP Internacional Paredes Rota dos Móveis in Portugal. After finishing seventh of the Tour de Wallonie, he competed in the Beijing Olympic road race, teaming with Philip Deignan, won a stage in the Tour du Limousin, and was then picked for his first Vuelta a España. Roche had good performances in the Vuelta, nearly winning stage 18 into Las Rozas, where he was outsprinted by Imanol Erviti after a 17-man breakaway. Roche had three top-ten and ten top-20 stage finishes, finishing a fine 13th in the general classification, during what was only his second Grand Tour. Roche along with Deignan and Roger Aiken made up the Irish team for the 2008 World Championship in Varese. Roche was in an early crash and retired.
Ag2r (2009–2012).
2009.
Roche signed a two-year contract with following the disbandment of . For the most part of the year and after a solid performance in the Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré, Roche was in consideration for the Tour de France team and after winning the road race at the Irish National Cycling Championships for the first time in June, Roche was selected by to ride his first Tour de France the following month. He had a fine debut Tour, finishing in 23rd place overall and 5th in the points classification. He had five top ten placings in the race and finished 2nd on stage 14.
2010.
After a good early season, where he finished 10th in Paris–Nice, 5th in the Volta a Catalunya and 2nd in the Irish National Road Race Championships, Roche was chosen as the co-leader of the team in the Tour de France and during the race he wrote articles for the "Irish Independent" newspaper. Roche finished 15th overall, but could have been a few ranks above had he not lost four minutes to the race leaders because of a flat tyre in stage 15.
After the Tour, Roche finished 8th in the Clásica de San Sebastián and in September, he led at the Vuelta a España. His performance was even better than during the Tour de France, as he was really close to the best climbers of the race, losing very little time in stages with a mountain top finish. He finished 7th overall however was promoted to 6th overall after Ezequiel Mosquera's second place was annulled. He finished only five minutes and three seconds behind overall winner Vincenzo Nibali. This place was the best in a Grand Tour by an Irishman since 1988. The performance lifted him to 32nd in the year end UCI World Rankings with 148 points. Roche was part of the three-man Irish team at the 2010 World Championships in September.
2011.
Roche's season was hampered by injuries and crashes, particularly by one in the Critérium du Dauphiné He entered the Tour de France as a team leader again, but quickly realized he had not fully recovered from the crash and could not hope for a good general classification. He got in a number of unsuccessful breaks in the final week, hoping to grab a stage win, and eventually finished 26th overall. He also rode the Vuelta a España, finishing 16th overall.
In October, Roche won the 3rd stage of the inaugural Tour of Beijing. This marked his first international victory in three years and his first win on the World Tour. He finished the season world ranked 150th with 19 ranking points.
Roche published a memoir in 2011 called "Inside the Peloton". It was the winner of the Sports Book category at that year's Irish Book Awards.
2012.
Roche renounced his French citizenship in 2012, becoming solely an Irish national. He showed some form with top-20 finishes in Paris–Nice and the Tour of California. He finished 10th overall in the Tour de Suisse, and 2nd and 3rd respectively in the National Road Race and Time Trial Championships before riding the Tour de France. Roche moved up to seventh overall on the first mountain stage seven which finished on La Planche des Belles Filles. However he lost time over the time trial on stage nine and rest of the mountain stages. On stage 18, Roche broke clear of the peloton in the last with Luis León Sánchez. The pair passed the day's breakaway and looked set to contest the stage win only for Mark Cavendish to sprint past in the final . Roche sat 11th overall heading into the time trial on stage 20 and targeted a top ten finish, but a weak time trial saw him drop a place to 12th. Roche, along with Dan Martin and David McCann, represented Ireland in the Olympic Games Road Race. He then rode the Vuelta a España where he had a good start and sat seventh overall by the second week of the race. However, he struggled through the last week of the race and dropped down to 12th overall by the end of the race.
Tinkoff–Saxo (2013–2014).
On 1 August, it was announced that Roche would leave at the end of the 2012 season, ending an eight-year association with French-registered teams. He signed a two-year contract with for the 2013 and 2014 seasons.
2013.
Throughout much of the season with including the Tour de France, he rode as a domestique for Alberto Contador with few results. After a good performance at the Clásica de San Sebastián finishing 5th, he was given leadership at the Vuelta a España. On 25 August, Roche won stage two of the Vuelta by breaking away with three others on the final climb at the end of the stage from Pontevedra to Alto Do Monte Da Groba. Roche held the leader's red jersey until stage 8, and also held the lead of the points, mountains and combination classifications at one stage in the race. On stage 8 Roche lost the jersey finishing eight seconds behind Daniel Moreno to fall one second behind in the general classification. After stage 13 Roche was 2nd overall but on a cold day to Andorra on stage 14 he dropped to 6th overall. He went on to finish 5th overall in the general classification, his best result to date in a Grand Tour. He would later state that he felt that the 2013 Vuelta a España was the highlight of his career. Later that year Roche again competed for Ireland in the World Championships and the World Time Trial Championships where he finished 13th.
2014.
Roche had few early season results before participating in the Giro d'Italia which started on the island of Ireland and was given the role as co-leader with Rafał Majka. Roche also took part at the Tour de France as a domestique to Alberto Contador. Before the Tour, Roche won the overall classification of the Route du Sud ahead of Alejandro Valverde. He won the queen stage win in the process and also the points classification. This was his first stage race victory and was a race which his father also won in 1985. Roche went into the Tour of Britain expecting a good result and placed 5th overall.
Team Sky (2015–2016).
2015.
In 2015, Roche left to join . On 10 September, Roche won stage 18 of the Vuelta a España in a sprint finish against Haimar Zubeldia.
2016.
After a disrupted winter training due to more than one spider infection while riding, Roche struggled with few early season results. At the end of April Roche competed in the Tour de Yorkshire looking for a good result. On the final stage Roche attacked a group of favourites alongside Thomas Voeckler where he was beaten in the final sprint to the line. This gave him 2nd place overall in the general classification. After this race it was confirmed that Roche would take part in the Giro d'Italia for a third time in his career. Roche started the race as a backup general classification rider to Mikel Landa in the first five days of racing, where he was placed in the top 10 overall. His form faded over the race but helped his teammate Mikel Nieve win the mountains classification. In June Roche completed the double at the Irish National Cycling Championships winning the time trial ahead of Eddie Dunbar and Ryan Mullen, and winning the road race ahead of Matt Brammeier. However, he was not selected for the Tour de France, having started the previous seven editions of the race from 2009 to 2015.
BMC Racing Team (2017–2018).
After leaving Team Sky, Roche joined the for the 2017 and 2018 seasons.
Team Sunweb (2019–2021).
In September 2018 he confirmed that he had agreed a contract with for 2019, with a role as a domestique for Tom Dumoulin in the latter's effort to win the Tour de France.
Roche took the Red Jersey on Stage 2 of the 2019 Vuelta a España after being part of a six-man group who attacked in the final kilometres of the stage. He held the jersey until Stage 5, however he crashed out on stage 6, being one of four riders to abandon due to the crash. He was fifth in the general classification at the start of the stage.
In September 2019 it was announced that Roche had extended his contract with Team Sunweb for a further two years.
On 27 May 2021 he finished 3rd on Stage 18 of the Giro d'Italia.
Roche retired from road racing competition after the Irish National Cycling Championships in October 2021.
Gravel Cycling.
In October 2022, Roche set up his own gravel cycling team, NR GRVL. In May 2023, Roche took a third-place finish at the UCI Gravel World Series event in Nannup, Western Australia.
Post-road racing.
Following his retirement, Roche became a directeur sportif for UCI Continental team , leading the team at the 2022 Rás Tailteann.
Personal life.
Roche currently resides in Monaco, having previously lived in Varese, Italy until 2013. He married Spaniard Deborah Robles on 23 October 2015, the couple split two years later in September 2017. They have one child together. Roche co-owns Roca Sports, a bicycle shop in County Cork.
"Dancing with the Stars".
In 2022, Roche appeared on the fifth series of the Irish version of "Dancing With the Stars". He was partnered with professional dancer Karen Byrne. They were eliminated at the quarter-final stage, finishing in 6th place (with an average of 17.4 points), after losing the dance-off to Ellen Keane and Ervinas Merfeldas.
Major results.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="6907626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907626" title="1997 Denver Broncos">
1997 Denver Broncos



</doc>
<doc id="6907627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907627" title="Clark's Hill/Norton State Historic Site">
Clark's Hill/Norton State Historic Site

Clark's Hill/Norton State Historic Site is located on the eastern edge of Jefferson City Missouri, United States. The park preserves one of the campsites used by the Lewis and Clark Expedition as well as a lookout point from which William Clark viewed the confluence of the Osage and Missouri rivers. American Indian burial mounds may also be seen at the site. The site was donated to the state by Jefferson City residents William and Carol Norton in 2002 and opened to the public in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6907628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907628" title="1998 Denver Broncos">
1998 Denver Broncos



</doc>
<doc id="6907632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907632" title="1986 Denver Broncos">
1986 Denver Broncos



</doc>
<doc id="6907637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907637" title="Zelesna Kapla/Eisenkappel">
Zelesna Kapla/Eisenkappel



</doc>
<doc id="6907647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907647" title="Bernardino Poccetti">
Bernardino Poccetti

Bernardino Poccetti (26 August 1548 – 10 October 1612), also known as Barbatelli, was an Italian Mannerist painter and printmaker of etchings.
Biography.
Born in Florence, he was initially trained as a decorator of facades and ceilings, enrolling in 1570 in the Florentine painters guild for such work, the Accademia delle Arti del Disegno, ("Academy of the Arts of Drawing"). He is also referred to as: "Bernardino Barbatelli" or "Bernardino delle Grottesche", "delle Facciate", or "delle Muse". He initially worked in the shop of Michele Tosini, and he participated in the broadly shared decoration of the Chiostro Grande of Santa Maria Novella in the 1580s. In 1583–85, he helped decorate panegyric frescoes for the Palazzo Capponi. He also completed frescoes in San Pier Maggiore in San Pierino.
In 1592–93, he worked on frescoes in the Certosa di Galluzzo relating to "Life and Death of San Bruno". He painted scenes from the life of founder of the Convent of the Servites for the Annunziata. He painted scenes from the Life of St. Anthony (fresco) for San Marco. He frescoed scenes from the "Life of Cosimo I" as decoration of great Salon of the Pitti Palace. He also labored for other charterhouses in Pisa and Siena. He also painted frescoes, considered his masterpiece, in the Cappella del Giglio (Cappella Neri, 1599) in Santa Maria Maddalena dei Pazzi.
In his later works, he is considered one of the Florentine reformers—the so-called "Counter-Maniera" (Counter-Mannerism)—along with Santi di Tito, Domenico Cresti (Il Passignano), Lodovico Cigoli, Jacopo Chimenti da Empoli, Andrea Boscoli, and Gregorio Pagani. Among the painters he trained or influenced was Michelangelo Cinganelli.

</doc>
<doc id="6907648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907648" title="WVRV">
WVRV

WVRV (97.5 FM, "The New 101.5, 97.5 The River") is a radio station that serves Pine Level, Alabama. The station is owned by Stroh Communications Corp. and the broadcast license is held by Back Door Broadcasting LLC. The station broadcasts a Contemporary Christian music format. It is also re-broadcast on 101.5 FM via a translator located in Montgomery, Alabama.
History.
The station's original construction permit was issued by the Federal Communications Commission on June 14, 2007. The station was assigned the WVRV call letters by the FCC on February 22, 2008. WVRV received its license to cover from the FCC on February 24, 2009.
Ownership.
In October 2008, Stroh Communications Corp., applied to transfer the construction permit and broadcast license for WVRV to Back Door Broadcasting LLC as part of a corporate reorganization. The deal was approved by the FCC on November 7, 2008, and the transaction was consummated on December 1, 2008. Back Door Broadcasting LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Stroh Communications Corp., which is in turn owned by Allan G. Stroh and Brenda Stroh, a married couple.

</doc>
<doc id="6907650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907650" title="When the Doves Cry">
When the Doves Cry



</doc>
<doc id="6907657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907657" title="Wrafton">
Wrafton



</doc>
<doc id="6907658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907658" title="Efráyim">
Efráyim



</doc>
<doc id="6907662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907662" title="Harry Potter Fans">
Harry Potter Fans



</doc>
<doc id="6907669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907669" title="Oh my NOLA">
Oh my NOLA



</doc>
<doc id="6907676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907676" title="Coltrane's Sound">
Coltrane's Sound

Coltrane's Sound is an album of music by the jazz musician and composer John Coltrane. It was released in 1964 through Atlantic Records. It was recorded at Atlantic Studios in 1960 during the sessions for "My Favorite Things", and was assembled after Coltrane had stopped recording for the label and had a contract with Impulse! Records. Like Prestige and Blue Note Records before them, as Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s Atlantic used unissued recordings and released them without either Coltrane's input or approval.
On February 16, 1999, Rhino Records reissued "Coltrane's Sound" as part of its Atlantic 50th Anniversary Jazz Gallery series. Included were two bonus tracks: "26-2" had been previously released on the 1970 album "The Coltrane Legacy"; and the alternate take of "Body and Soul" had been released on the 1975 album "Alternate Takes".
Reception.
In a review for AllMusic, Lindsay Planer called the album "one of the most highly underrated entries in Coltrane's voluminous catalog," and wrote: "The title could not have been more accurate, as each of the six pieces bear the unmistakable and indelible stamp of Coltrane's early-'60s style... Regardless of the lack of attention, these recordings remain among Trane's finest."
Douglas Payne of "All About Jazz" stated: "Spin "Coltrane's Sound" and even non-jazz fans sense something. It's a warm, human sound that takes listeners somewhere they like to go... [it] makes for essential, enjoyable jazz listening."
Writing for "Jazz Views", Nick Lea described the album as a useful document "in tracing the saxophonist's transition from his coming out as a leader, and out from the shadow of his former boss to the ever searching and deeply exploratory playing that would ultimately lead to the classic "A Love Supreme" and the large scale "Ascension"."
Author Eric Nisenson singled out Coltrane's rendition of "Body and Soul" for praise, commenting: "Coltrane does what every great jazz musician can do with a tune no matter how familiar or shopworn: he makes it into a uniquely personal statement and lets us hear it anew, as if for the first time."

</doc>
<doc id="6907678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907678" title="Kryčaŭ">
Kryčaŭ



</doc>
<doc id="6907680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907680" title="Bill Burgo">
Bill Burgo

William Ross Burgo (November 15, 1919 – October 19, 1988) was an American Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the Philadelphia Athletics in 1943 and 1944. He was a native of Johnstown, Pennsylvania. He batted and threw right-handed.
Burgo is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. His debut game was on September 22, 1943, and his last game was on June 11, 1944. He hit 26-for-70, a .371 batting average and next season, batted .239 in 27 games.
Career totals include a batting average of .297, 2 home runs, 12 runs batted in, 18 runs, and a slugging percentage of .399. He made 4 errors in 114 chances (.965).

</doc>
<doc id="6907681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907681" title="Georgia State Route 347">
Georgia State Route 347

State Route 347 (SR 347) is a west-to-east state highway in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. It travels from the Lake Lanier Islands north of Buford to a point on the northern edge of Braselton. Its routing is entirely within Hall County. The highway connects the Lake Lanier Islands with Buford and Braselton.
As the Atlanta metropolitan area has grown over the past few years, SR 347 has undergone strain from an influx of new subdivisions and housing developments, especially during morning and evening rush hours. SR 347 also serves as an important connector to the Lake Lanier Islands and the southeast portion of Lake Lanier from Interstate 985 (I-985).
Route description.
SR 347 begins at the entrance to the Lake Lanier Islands beach and water park, along the southern part of Lake Lanier, in Hall County.
It travels to the southeast on Holiday Road and enters the northeastern part of Buford. There it has an intersection with SR 13 (Atlanta Highway). It then continues to the southeast on Friendship Road to an interchange with I-985/US 23/SR 365 (Lanier Parkway). Then, the highway leaves Buford and curves to the east-northeast on Thompson Mill Road. Its eastern terminus is at an intersection with SR 211 (Old Winder Highway) on the northern edge of Braselton.
SR 347 is not part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.
History.
1960s to 1990s.
SR 347 was built between 1960 and 1963, but it only traveled from the Lake Lanier Islands area to an intersection with US 23/SR 13. I-985 had not been built in this area, so US 23 still traveled along surface streets. In 1968, it was extended to the under-construction freeway, which was then-proposed to be designated as SR 365. The roadway that would become the remainder of SR 347 was built at this time. The road remained virtually unchanged for nearly 30 years. In 1997, SR 347 was extended further east along Friendship and Thompson Mill Roads to SR 211 more than doubling the length of the highway.
Widening.
Plans to widen Friendship Road (SR 347) began to appear in the late 1990s and early 2000s. In late 2012, the DOT began clearing and grading work to widening the road. The road widening would be handled in three sections. Section one would extend from I-985/US 23/SR 365 to the Lake Lanier Islands Beach and Water Park. Section two would extend from Thompson Mill Road to SR 211. Section three would connect the first and second sections.
Renaming controversy.
In early 2013, the Hall County Board of Commissioners met to discuss eliminating the name "Friendship Road" and replacing it with the name "Lanier Islands Parkway." Château Élan Winery &amp; Resort and the Town of Braselton both announced their displeasure with the potential name change. The residents who live on Friendship Road were angered as well, as the change represented, to them, county government bowing to business pressure from Lake Lanier Islands. The residents are also upset about losing yet another connection with the area's past, as the Friendship Community stretches back over 100 years, yet so much is being lost due to the road construction. Later, Hall County Board of Commissioners decided to keep it as Friendship Road within the Braselton Town Limits.

</doc>
<doc id="6907687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907687" title="Midtown Plaza (Saskatoon)">
Midtown Plaza (Saskatoon)

Midtown (formerly Midtown Plaza) is a shopping mall in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada, located in the Central Business District neighbourhood. The shopping centre has a total store count of 154 stores. The mall was built on the former site of the city's main railway station as part of a major inner city redevelopment project in the 1960s that also saw construction of a freeway, the Senator Sid Buckwold Bridge, TCU Place (formerly Centennial Auditorium) - an arts-convention complex - and a new facility for the city's YMCA. 
History.
The mall officially opened with 51 stores and services; as well as an extensive underground parking garage; on July 30, 1970. One of its anchor tenants, Simpsons-Sears (Sears Canada), opened for business in 1968, more than a year ahead of the rest of the mall, but closed in January 2018. Eaton's was the mall's second anchor until that chain went out of business in the holiday season of 1999; The Bay (later branded Hudson's Bay) subsequently relocated to the mall from its corner of 2nd Avenue &amp; 23rd Street standalone location. From its opening until its late-1980s renovation, the mall had a corridor connecting directly to the auditorium, which was usually utilized as an exit from the facility; there was also a corridor connecting the auditorium to the mall's parking garage. One early tenant of the mall was Midtown Cinema, the city's first mall-based movie theatre; it later split into two cinemas to become Saskatoon's first "multiplex"; the theatre closed in the spring of 2000 and its space was used for temporary retail and other exhibitions before being reallocated to other stores and parking.
Another "day one" retailer was a franchise of the Dominion grocery store chain, which operated in the mall until the chain pulled out of Saskatoon in the late 1980s; after a few years of short-term uses (including housing its popular Eaton's-sponsored Christmas lights display), the mall redeveloped the former Dominion store into a food court.
The mall was originally one storey. By 1990, a second storey was added and the façade was altered to mimic the original 1900s railway station. This reconstruction cost . Soon after, Saskatoon's first (and, to date) only Toys "R" Us store opened on a standalone "big-box" location in 1992 on the mall's southern parking lot; although not physically connected to the mall, it is considered part of the shopping centre. 
Also part of the Midtown complex is CN Towers – now "Midtown Tower" – an office block that was for most of the 1970s the tallest office building in Saskatoon. The 12-story tower is in height. From the early 1970s until the early 2000s, the fifth floor of the office block housed the studios of the local CBC Television owned-and-operated station CBKST. A small "boutique" mall, Midtown Village, was developed in the late 1970s at the corner of 20th Street and Idylwyld Drive; initially a separate development from Midtown Plaza, it briefly came under the same ownership as the larger mall in the 1990s and was branded as part of Midtown Plaza for a time, before being demolished for additional parking.
From 1993 to 2005, the mall owned and displayed a statue of Saskatchewan-born hockey player Gordie Howe statue at the southwest corner of 1st Avenue South and 20th Street East. It was relocated to the Credit Union Centre in 2005.
Following the closure of the Sears Canada chain in 2018, the mall began to redevelop the store's space into a new wing with a re-located food court known as Midtown Common, which opened on July 25, 2019. In November 2018, it was announced that the previous main-floor food court area would be redeveloped into an MEC, as its first location in the province. In December 2019, H&amp;M announced that it would open a location at Midtown in 2020—its second in the province.
MEC was originally projected to open in May 2020, but was delayed to late-2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors. The fate of the MEC store was questioned in September 2020, when MEC announced that it would be privatized and sold to American investment firm Kingswood Capital Management. As if summer 2025 the spot allocated for MEC remains vacant with no indication of being built. The new H&amp;M store opened in December 2020.
On June 1, 2025, Hudson’s Bay closed its doors for the last time, as was the case for all Hudson's Bay locations across Canada, leaving the mall with no large-format anchors (notwithstanding the standalone Toys R' Us). As of summer 2025 the mall had yet to announce its plans for the vacant Bay location.

</doc>
<doc id="6907692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907692" title="Midtown Plaza (Rochester, New York)">
Midtown Plaza (Rochester, New York)

Midtown Plaza is a city district in downtown Rochester, New York. The site was originally occupied by an indoor shopping mall designed by Victor Gruen and opened in 1962. Although it was primarily promoted as a retail space, Gruen's vision was for the plaza to function as an all-purpose community space to revitalize the downtown area. The original mall was closed in 2008 after a decline in retail activity and partially demolished. Since 2010 the site has been redeveloped with new buildings and an open lot known as Parcel 5.
History.
The idea for Midtown Plaza started with discussions between Gilbert J.C. McCurdy, owner of the McCurdy's department stores, and Maurice F. Forman, owner of the B. Forman Co. department stores, in 1956. At that time, strip plazas were growing in popularity. Though both owners had opened branch stores, they were concerned about Downtown Rochester's viability amid falling retail sales and came up with the idea of an indoor shopping center. A partnership was formed with the city government, which built a parking garage for the facility. The Midtown Plaza venture was announced to great fanfare in January 1958. Designed by Victor Gruen, the plaza was opened before on April 10, 1962, before a crowd of 5,000. It was the first downtown indoor mall in the United States. The first enclosed shopping center had been Southdale Center in suburban Minneapolis in 1956, also designed by Gruen.
City officials and planners from around the globe came to see Gruen's solution to the mid-century urban crisis, including Walt Disney, who was then designing EPCOT. Midtown won several design awards. Gruen described the aerial view of Rochester as a giant parking lot with a few buildings to inconvenience traffic flow. His intention was to create a pedestrian-friendly town square for Rochester, inspired by public squares in his native city of Vienna. He incorporated art, benches, fountains, a four hundred-seat auditorium, and a sidewalk cafe into his plans hoping to encourage the sort of social intermingling that he saw as the enriching essence of urban life. Later in life, Gruen dismissed the strictly commercial suburban malls as "those bastard developments".
In addition to the shopping center, the Plaza also included an 18-story office building, which at one time held an upscale hotel and restaurant — the Top Of The Plaza — on its top four floors. Count Basie, Buddy Rich, Gap Mangione and many other nationally known jazz artists played at the Top Of The Plaza several times, and the restaurant was a popular site for receptions, business parties, and special-occasion dinners.
Midtown Plaza was initially hailed as a success, and was credited for commercial revitalization of downtown that followed in the 1960s. Xerox, Lincoln First Bank, Security Trust Bank, and Marine Midland Bank each constructed high-rise office towers adjacent to the plaza. However, the success of the retail operations in the plaza were immediately challenged by cultural issues of the 1960s. Older customers frequently complained about the presence of hippies in the plaza, and tenants began restricting hours and customers. During the 1970s and 1980s, the plaza became a popular destination for Christmas shoppers, and ran an indoor monorail at Christmastime. It began to struggle financially in the 1980s as a number of suburban shopping malls opened outside of the city, while the region's population increasingly spread outward from the city center into suburban and even rural areas. Surrounded by pockets of poverty, Midtown was perceived as unsafe struggled to keep tenants. The hotel closed in 1980, and retail space was increasingly converted to office space. Midtown's struggles increased in the mid-1990s when the mall's two anchors, McCurdy's and Forman's, closed in 1994. Their closing was quickly followed by the closing of the Midtown branch of Wegmans Food Markets.
Closing and demolition.
Midtown Plaza was placed in chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2000 by owner Peter Arnold, and sold to the city of Rochester for . It was announced on October 16, 2007, that the plaza would be demolished via eminent domain to make way for a new headquarters building for PAETEC Holding Corp. The PAETEC Tower, was planned to be a 40-story tower and of space, with plans to break ground in the fall of 2010.
The final Christmas season at Midtown Plaza took place in 2007. The indoor monorail, operated every Christmas season, had its last run on December 24, 2007. The plaza closed to the public on July 25, 2008.
On September 27, 2010, demolition began on Midtown Plaza. Mayor Robert Duffy announced that within a few months, the site would be ready for the construction of the new PAETEC Headquarters. PAETEC then scaled back plans for an ambitious new building and instead opted for a smaller office complex based on a reconstruction and expansion of the nearby Seneca Building. The company was then purchased by Windstream, which canceled plans to construct any new space and moved into the Seneca Building, leaving the now-cleared Parcel 5 an empty lot.
Midtown Plaza was well known for its Clock of Nations, designed by Gere Kavanaugh. The clock was moved to the Greater Rochester International Airport terminal during the demolition, but was dismantled, removed from the airport, and placed in storage during a 2016 renovation, where it remained until 2024. In that year, the Clock was moved to Tower 280—the former Midtown Tower, not far from the Clock's original installed location, restored, and is now on display in the lobby.
Reconstruction.
Midtown Tower.
In 2011 the high-rise tower section of Midtown Plaza was stripped to a skeletal state in preparation for its conversion to a mixed-use residential and commercial building. The tower was sold by the city to the local construction and re-development company Buckingham Properties, who renamed it "Tower 280 At Midtown". In 2014 the tower began its redevelopment into a mix of residential and commercial space. Occupants began moving in in January 2016. Branca, an Italian restaurant with a location in Bushnell's Basin, opened its second location within Tower 280.
Seneca Building.
The building known as the Seneca Building (the only other remaining building from the former mall) was remodeled as a standalone unit and opened as an office building for Windstream, who bought PAETEC in 2011. The building opened in 2013. later that year, it was announced that Gannett was moving its headquarters for the Democrat and Chronicle as part of the paper's downsizing from its location in the Gannett Building on Exchange Street to a building in front of the Seneca Building as an addition at the corner of Main Street and Clinton Ave. The building has three floors and is . The Democrat and Chronicle Media Group occupy the first two floors. The new building also contains a television studio and a restaurant space. The third floors of both buildings connect and are accessible through the Seneca Building Windstream elevator lobby. The building began construction in 2015. It opened on May 2, 2016, with the first day of Democrat and Chronicle operation out of the building.
Parcel 5.
After the cancellation of PAETEC's proposed building, the city government sought developers to fill in the vacant Parcel 5. Early proposals included retail centers, performing arts centers, casinos, and mixed retail and residential space. On April 7, 2017, the City of Rochester chose a modified Rochester Broadway Theatre League proposal to go on the parcel. The plan, made in partnership with Morgan Development, included a Performing Arts Center to be called the Golisano Center for the Performing Arts in honor of a major donation made to the project funding by Tom Golisano, and a residential tower including approximately 150 rental units with retail and restaurant space at street level. Following the decision, there was widespread skepticism of the viability of the project, which became a major point of debate during the 2017 mayoral elections. On March 6, 2018, further plans were announced for a rooftop stage as well as an IMAX theater in the performing arts center in off peak hours as well as a new name Golisano Arts and Entertainment Complex at Midtown Commons. After issues raising the funds needed to make the project a reality, they moved the proposed project to the site of the Riverside Hotel on Main Street by the Genesee River. In 2021, it was decided to make the site a smaller entertainment and gathering place inspired by the Kansas City Power &amp; Light District and Canalside in Buffalo, a plan which was supported by local activists. The lot was converted to green space, which it remains today.
Butler/Till Building.
Buckingham Properties constructed a five-story building on the former Wegmans site at the corner of Broad Street and Clinton Avenue. The building includes first-floor retail, Class A office space on the second and third floors, and a mix of housing on the remaining floors. Outdoor space is also included. Media services company Butler/Till moved its headquarters from Henrietta to occupy the first three floors in addition to co-owing the building. Construction began in 2020 and was completed in 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="6907695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907695" title="Destiny (Irene Adler)">
Destiny (Irene Adler)

Destiny is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Chris Claremont and artist/co-writer John Byrne, the character first appeared in "Uncanny X-Men" #141, published on October 21, 1980.
Destiny's civilian identity is Irene Adler, a blind mutant with precognitive abilities that allow her to accurately predict future events. Initially, Destiny was depicted as an adversary of the X-Men and member of the Brotherhood of Mutants, led by her wife Mystique, the two having raised Rogue together. Although originally portrayed as one of the X-Men's enemies, in other storylines Destiny has functioned as an ally.
Decades after her death, Destiny was resurrected by Mystique during the "Krakoan Age" in 2021. In this era, it was confirmed that Destiny was the Irene Adler featured in Sherlock Holmes stories (created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle), her rivalry with Moira MacTaggert was established, and it was revealed she plays a pivotal role in the history and future of mutantkind. A 2023 storyline revealed it was Destiny who gave birth to the X-Men superhero Nightcrawler, rather than Mystique; the two conceived him after Mystique used her abilities to take on a male form. In 2024, Destiny and Mystique renewed their vows, marking the first depiction of a female same-sex wedding in Marvel Comics.
Destiny has received attention for her relationship with Mystique, being one of Marvel's earliest queer characters; their relationship has often received praise. Destiny has also garnered attention for the revelation of her status as Nightcrawler's mother, which was praised for adhering to Claremont's original design for the characters.
Publication history.
Created by writer Chris Claremont and artist/co-writer John Byrne, the character first appeared in "The Uncanny X-Men" #141 (Jan. 1981).
As far back as 1981, Claremont had intended Destiny to be the lover of Brotherhood of Mutants teammate Mystique, and for them to be Nightcrawler's biological parents, with Mystique taking the form of a man for the conception. However, at that time, the Comics Code Authority and Marvel policy prohibited the explicit portrayal of gay or bisexual characters. Destiny was simply referred to as the only member of the new Brotherhood that Mystique saw as a friend; all the other members being male and prone to arguing amongst each other.
Destiny died at the hands of Legion in a 1989 storyline in "The Uncanny X-Men" #255. In the 2000s (decade) series "X-Treme X-Men", years after Destiny died it was revealed that she filled several diaries with the future history of mutantkind, and the search for these diaries was a main storyline in the series. She was resurrected with a techno-organic virus during the 2009 "Necrosha" storyline.
In November 2021, Marvel announced a new storyline titled "Destiny of X", which began in 2022 and features Destiny as one of its central characters. The "Immortal X-Men" by Kieron Gillen in November 2022 also explicitly established her as Irene Adler from Sherlock Holmes stories for the first time, with Holmes confirmed as having been Mystique.
In November 2023, Claremont's intended storyline of Mystique and Destiny being Nightcrawler's parents, with Mystique having morphed into a male body for the act of conception, was made canon.
Fictional character biography.
Irene Adler was born into a wealthy household in late 19th-century Salzburg, Austria. Although she was more accurate in predicting near-future events concerning her present environment, when her mutant powers of precognition initially emerged in adolescence, she worked tirelessly for thirteen months to record prophecies concerning the late 20th and early 21st centuries. Upon completing the thirteen and final volume, Irene was struck with physical blindness while her mind was haunted by disturbing images of uncertain meaning. 
Traveling to London, she first met Mystique, who at the time lived as a man and engaged in detective work using the name "Sherlock Holmes". Destiny sought her help in understanding the precognitive visions recorded in her diaries. Revealing her knowledge that "Sherlock" was both a woman and a mutant, she enlisted her services in pursuit of two goals: the deciphering of her recorded prophecies and a mission to prevent the most terrifying of them from ever being fulfilled. 
The two women would soon become lifelong friends and lovers but discovered that their set goals were difficult to achieve. Their abilities would easily allow them to achieve personal success but to shape the future was stated to be "next to impossible" as it would require "social engineering." Although they remained romantically involved for years to come, there were periods where they were separated from one another, allowing them both to have other romantic relationships and even families.
Together, the two later raised adopted daughter Rogue in their home in fictional Caldecott County, Mississippi. They remained together for many years, but while Mystique had a measure of immortality due to her abilities preventing cellular degeneration, Irene did not and eventually died from natural causes.
In 1946, a Dr. Nathan Milbury (Mister Sinister in disguise) was involved with Project: Black Womb, a secret government project headed by Amanda Mueller and aided by Alexander Ryking (father of Carter Ryking), Brian Xavier (Professor X's father), Kurt Marko (father of Juggernaut), and Irene Adler. In the 2008 series "", Xavier is searching to find out more about this project and its influence on his (and Juggernaut's) life. From recent issues, it seems at least Kurt Marko believed their research would result in immortality.
Brotherhood.
Mystique and Destiny formed the second Brotherhood of Mutants, a group of ideologically motivated terrorists. She attempted to assassinate Senator Robert Kelly with a crossbow, but was thwarted by the X-Men and taken into custody. She is rescued from Ryker's Island along with the rest of the Brotherhood, but ended up battling the Avengers and Spider-Woman, and was recaptured. She predicted Rogue's disappearance from Mystique's custody. She observed, but did not participate in, one of the Brotherhood's last skirmishes with the X-Men. Eventually Mystique and Rogue engineered an escape for the Brotherhood. Rom the Space Knight defeated the escape attempt but Destiny was rescued by Rogue and Mystique. Thereafter, Rogue, Destiny and Mystique helped Rom defeat the mutant Hybrid.
Freedom Force.
Eventually, the members of Mystique's Brotherhood went to work for the United States government as Freedom Force in exchange for a pardon and protection from anti-mutant sentiment. She apprehended Magneto alongside Freedom Force in that group's first mission for the United States government. She assisted Freedom Force in taking the Avengers into custody at the Vault. She participated in Freedom Force's attempted arrest of the X-Men, during which she "foresaw" the death of the X-Men during "Fall of the Mutants."
While on a mission with Freedom Force to Muir Island to stop the Reavers, Destiny was killed by Legion, who was being influenced at the time by the Shadow King. Mystique scattered Destiny's ashes at sea. Shortly before her death, Destiny predicted that Mystique would become romantically involved with Forge, and although the pair loathed each other at the time, they did develop a brief relationship while both were members of X-Factor.
After reality was repaired, Mystique protects a young mutant named Trevor Chase who addressed her as "Auntie Raven" strongly implying that Chase was Destiny's grandson. It is not certain whether Chase's mother was born before Mystique and Destiny became lovers or whether, like Mystique, Destiny had a child during the course of their relationship.
The Books of Truth.
Years after her death it was revealed that when Destiny's mutant power first manifested she filled several diaries called "The Books of Truth" with prophecies of the future that, when in the wrong hands, posed the greatest threat to humanity ever known. Guarded by Mystique for years, a volume was first discovered by heroine Shadowcat just before the "" crossover. Eventually, other volumes came into the possession of Professor Charles Xavier by Mystique. A team of X-Men, fearing that absolute knowledge of the future would lead their mentor to a temptation the world could not afford, exiled themselves from their home and teammates in order to hunt down the remaining Books of Truth, in the hope that they can locate the prophecies before Xavier or someone worse does.
This team of X-Treme X-Men found the rest of them, yet these diaries became apparently useless when a prediction in one of them was prevented from taking place. After the "House of M" event, the diaries were sought out again by Mister Sinister, who believed that a specific book contained information on the fate of mutant-kind in the wake of Decimation. For that mission, he used the Acolytes to obtain Destiny's Diaries. Exodus and his Acolytes attacked the Xavier Institute only to find forgeries of the books. The real diaries were actually hidden in Flint, Michigan by Shadowcat and Emma Frost. All the books were burned to ashes by Gambit before the Marauders or the X-Men could read them.
Necrosha.
After getting hold of the Transmode Virus during the "Necrosha" storyline, Selene resurrects Destiny to question her about the future. After telling Selene what she wants to hear, Destiny is taken back to her cell, where she telepathically contacts Blindfold by accident while trying to reach her foster daughter Rogue. After showing Blindfold she means no harm and saving her life from falling rubble caused by Warpath, she gives Blindfold information about Selene. After breaking contact, she realizes she made a grave mistake.
The mistake is revealed to be Proteus who is now in possession of Blindfold. Rogue, along with a group of X-Men go to Muir Island to battle Proteus, and it is through the combined efforts of Rogue, Magneto and Psylocke that he is defeated. Afterwards Destiny explains to Blindfold that she is not her mother, but rather a distant relative. Destiny then takes a moment to share a final good-bye with Rogue, before eventually leaving in order to supposedly die at the end of the storyline.
Chaos War.
During the Chaos War, Moira MacTaggart, Thunderbird, Banshee, Esme and Sophie of the Stepford Cuckoos, and Multiple Man's fallen clones are resurrected and appear on the former grounds of the X-Men school. There, Moira finds one of Destiny's diaries which contains a passage depicting the events of the war and apparently the key to defeating Amatsu-Mikaboshi. It is also revealed that Destiny is the same Irene Adler of Sherlock Holmes's stories. After Thunderbird prayed to the Thunderbird God to teleport the group away from the attacking Carrion Crow, Thunderbird and the group learned that Moira has been possessed by Destiny's ghost.
Dawn of X.
During the "Dawn of X" storyline, Destiny and the Brotherhood confront Moira on the latter's third life while she was developing a cure for mutation, destroying her lab and murdering her colleagues. Destiny threatens to permanently kill Moira on her next life should the former foresee that the latter was once again acting against mutant-kind. She also warns Moira that the latter cannot reincarnate indefinitely. She instructs Pyro to give Moira a slow and painful death so that the latter woman will remember the cost of her current transgression on her next life. At some undetermined point before her death, Destiny foresees the rise of the Krakoan nation and that its leaders will promise Mystique resurrection for Destiny but ultimately deny it. Destiny tells Mystique that when that day comes that the latter must work to have the former resurrected, and should Mystique be unable to do so and the Krakoan leaders themselves refuse to do the deed, Destiny tells Mystique to burn Krakoa to the ground. Moira is against Destiny's return or for that matter the presence of any precognitive on Krakoa as she seeks to prevent mutant-kind's doomed fate from being foreseen.
During the "Reign of X" storyline, it is revealed that Moira was apparently able to copy the diaries burnt by Gambit, because at least 9 volumes were seen in her possession at No-Space Zone, a few visibly numbered (vol. 1, 4, 6, 7 and 9).
Inferno.
Moira demands Professor X and Magneto to remove Mystique from the Quiet Council and erase Destiny's genetic and psychological data to prevent her resurrection. Despite the two men's efforts to make this possible Destiny appears to have been resurrected anyway and Mystique puts into a vote the former's inclusion into the Quiet Council. Mystique disguises herself as Magneto to acquire Destiny's psychological data from the Cradle on Island M, then assumes Professor X's identity to acquire Destiny's genetic data from Mister Sinister and get the Five to resurrect Destiny, who is now voted into the Quiet Council. There is a hole in the future Destiny can not see through and she believes Professor X and Magneto hold the answer. Destiny and Mystique meet with Emma Frost at the White Palace and run into the Cuckoos beforehand. Destiny gives the girls hints as to their respective futures but cannot specify to whom each future applies as Destiny cannot tell them apart. Emma informs Destiny and Mystique about the truth regarding Moira and while this has soured her relationship with Professor X and Magneto, Emma chooses not to side with either and instead will fight for herself and manipulate everyone else.
Emma however offers the women several gifts: a means to locate Moira (captured by Orchis) and to retrieve her before Professor X and Magneto do, as well as Forge's mutant power neutralizer which can turn Moira human and therefore prevent the timeline from resetting upon death. They retrieve Moira and take her back to her No-Space, severing her arm to leave her tracker behind to mislead Professor X and Magneto, and directing Nimrod and Omega Sentinel towards the two men by faking an Orchis distress message. Mystique uses Forge's device to turn Moira human and before they kill her, she confesses to her true agenda which is to develop a cure that targets mutants when they're still children, preventing them from becoming mutants to begin with. Before either one could kill Moira they are interrupted by Cypher, whose connection to Krakoa made him aware of what transpires within Moira's No-Space. Because Moira is now human, Cypher cannot allow the women to murder Moira as it violates Krakoa's laws. Destiny realizes that Cypher is the reason for the hole in the future she cannot see through and that the only future favorable for her and Mystique is where Moira is allowed to live. Destiny can only foresee that Moira has hard choices ahead of her, otherwise the latter's future is unclear. Before Moira departs Krakoa she's warned by Destiny that she will be hunted not just by them, but others as well. Mystique and Destiny return to the Quiet Council (now aware of Moira) in order to consolidate their power. At some later point she had a vision of Sabretooth leaving The Pit but told Mystique to let him go because she foresaw him doing something good once he left the island. They allowed him to steal a boat giving him the order to "cause chaos", which he happily accepted.
Judgment Day.
During the "Judgment Day" storyline, Destiny informs Mystique and Nightcrawler about her vision involving the war with the Eternals.
Uncanny Spider-Man.
During the time Nightcrawler operates as "Spinnenmann" (German for Spider-Man), an alternate identity used with Spider-Man's permission, he re-encounters Mystique, whose mind has been shattered by Professor X and who was left raving over her guilt of having lost Nightcrawler as a baby, and restores her using his Hopesword. Mystique then reveals that during her time as Christian Wagner's wife, she and Destiny, who was working as a household maid, decided to have a child together. When Wagner caught them in an intimate moment, Raven killed him and impersonated him until Kurt was born. When Mystique's real nature was revealed to the villagers, they went after the two women; Irene, having had a vision of Kurt's future role in thwarting Azazel, disappeared and enabled Margali Szardos to find and adopt Kurt. Years later, after having adopted Anna Marie, she and Mystique reunited, and to become a family for the girl, they asked Professor X to remove most of their memories of what happened in Bavaria.
Powers and abilities.
Destiny is a mutant with the ability to see future probabilities and interpret them to best select or manipulate what was likely to happen. This allowed her to compensate for her blindness by seeing where objects in her path would be. The accuracy of Destiny's ability to foresee the future decreases in direct proportion to the distance ahead in time.
She carried a small crossbow with her that she used offensively, and had good aim because she "saw" where it would land in her precognitive visions.
In Necrosha, Destiny was shown to utilize telepathic abilities as she mentally searched for Rogue (instead finding Blindfold) and then projecting her image into Blindfold's mind. This was explained later that she had fragments of the mutant Proteus inside her. After making physical contact with Blindfold, Proteus appeared to take full possession of Blindfold and vacate Destiny's body. As such, she may or may not still have telepathy.
Reception.
Critical reception.
Alex Schlesinger of "Screen Rant" described Destiny and Mystique as "one of "X-Men" most iconic couples of all time," writing, "What makes Irene and Raven's relationship so perfect for Pride Month is because it is so representational of how media has treated queer relationships for decades, constantly pushing them into the shadows and making them subtextual - a fate which Mystique and Destiny's relationship has survived and overcome." Samantha Puc of "Newsarama" called Destiny and Mystique's relationship one of the "most iconic LGBTQIA+ comics romances," writing, "Though it remains to be seen whether it's a good thing or a bad thing, longtime villains-turned-Krakoan politicians Mystique and Destiny are mutantkind's current power couple, following Destiny's resurrection and their upending of the Quiet Council's status quo in the recent Inferno limited series. And they've certainly earned their place as mutant matriarchs." Beat Staff of "ComicsBeat" wrote, "Mystique and Destiny have been written as lovers from the beginning. From their first appearances, the love and loyalty they felt for each other was so palpable that it has to date inspired fanfiction and critical commentary that takes their status as one of comics' most epic love stories as text. Wherever their story might go, Mystique and Destiny have always had the kind of love that transcends the thoughts, desires, and expectations of the outside world." Peter Eckhardt of "CBR.com" stated, "While the Marvel Universe has often changed around them, Destiny and Mystique's relationship has been a staple of comics. Together, the two have survived Sentinels, the X-Men, and alternate timelines. When she was killed, Mystique worked tirelessly to return her lover to life. Despite their apparent amorality, Destiny and Mystique's relationship is an inspiring part of Marvel Comics."
The storyline involving the revelation of Destiny as Nightcrawler's mother was positively received. George Marston of "Newsarama" was pleased that Marvel finally established Claremont's original backstory for the characters as canon. James Whitbrook of "Gizmodo" also praised the storyline for making "one of the greatest, often unspoken queer loves of X-Men comics [...] to be woven back through history as it [was] always intended to be".
Other versions.
Age of Apocalypse.
Destiny appeared in the Apocalypse ruled reality, the Age of Apocalypse. She had retired in the paradise of Avalon and was convinced by the X-Men that Bishop's claims were true. She was one of the three (along with Bishop and Magik) who entered the M'Kraan Crystal as they "no longer" had counterparts.
Millennial Visions.
Destiny appears as a member of the Brotherhood on Earth-1043. In another snippet, Rogue (now a private detective) states that Destiny's diaries were a forgery by Mystique, who emulated Irene's handwriting.
"X-Men: The End".
Destiny's diaries and its prophecies reappear as a minor plot point in the 2004–06 miniseries trilogy "".

</doc>
<doc id="6907698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907698" title="1998 Little League World Series">
1998 Little League World Series

The 1998 Little League World Series took place from August 23–29 in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania. Toms River, New Jersey, defeated Kashima, Ibaraki, Japan in the championship game of the 52nd Little League World Series. The title game was punctuated by a standout performance by future Major League Baseball (MLB) player and Home Run Derby champion Todd Frazier, who went 4-for-4 with a lead-off home run, and was also the winning pitcher.
Champions' path.
The Toms River East American LL lost five games before reaching the LLWS, losing once each in district, section, and state tournaments and twice in the East Region tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="6907705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907705" title="1997 Little League World Series">
1997 Little League World Series

The 1997 Little League World Series took place between August 18 and August 23 in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania. The Linda Vista Little League of Guadalupe, Nuevo León, Mexico, defeated South Mission Viejo Little League of Mission Viejo, California, in the championship game of the 51st Little League World Series. Mexico secured a dramatic come-from-behind win by staging a four-run rally in the bottom of sixth inning.
Pool play.
(August 20

</doc>
<doc id="6907709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907709" title="Klimavičy">
Klimavičy



</doc>
<doc id="6907715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907715" title="New York State Route 226">
New York State Route 226

New York State Route 226 (NY 226) is a north–south state highway in the Finger Lakes region of New York in the United States. The southern terminus of the route is at an interchange with the Southern Tier Expressway (Interstate 86 and NY 17) just west of the Savona village line in the town of Bath. Its northern terminus is at an intersection with NY 14A in the town of Reading.
Route description.
NY 226 begins at an intersection with the off-ramps from interchange 40 on the Southern Tier Expressway (I-86 / NY 17) in the town of Bath. An eastward continuation of County Route 12 (CR 12), the two routes are concurrent for a short distance, crossing under the expressway as West Lamoka Avenue. NY 226 and CR 12 cross Mud Creek and enter the village of Savona, where CR 12 terminates, and NY 226 continues eastward as a four-lane arterial. After crossing the village line, NY 226 intersects with NY 415 (Coopers–Bath Road). Changing cardinal directions, NY 226 proceeds east as a two-lane residential street, East Lamoka Avenue. Running along the northern end of the village, NY 226 proceeds east along Mud Creek, before turning northeast, becoming a two-lane rural roadway.
A short distance later, NY 226 leaves Savona for the town of Bath once again, dropping the Lamoka Avenue moniker and running along Mud Creek to the northeast. The route remains primarily rural, passing Peterson and Van Keuren Lakes, entering the hamlet of Sonora. Through Sonora, NY 226 remains rural, passing a few residences near an intersection with the northern terminus of CR 18 (Sonora–South Bradford Road). After Sonora, NY 226 enters the town of Bradford, where it continues northeast as a two-lane rural roadway. A short distance later, NY 226 begins a parallel with CR 16 (Telegraph Road), the latter of which enters the hamlet of Bradford. NY 226 however remains to the south and crosses the Schuyler County line, entering the town of Orange.
After crossing into Schuyler County, NY 226 continues northeast, passing south of Mill Pond as a two-lane rural roadway. The route continues a northeastern wind for several miles through Schuyler County, entering the town of Tyrone, where it intersects with the western terminus of CR 22 a short distance from the shore of Lamoka Lake. NY 226 continues northward, intersecting with CR 23A, and a short distance later, CR 23 (Mud Lake Road). NY 226 continues north through Tyrone, running alongside a pond before bending east at an intersection with Kendall Hill Road. After the change in direction, NY 226 enters the hamlet of Altay. Through Altay, NY 226 is a two-lane residential street before leaving just after Bigelow Hill Road.
Continuing through Tyrone, NY 226 bends northeast at a fork with Altay Road. NY 226 continues this northeastern progression from Altay, crossing Pre-Emption Road at-grade. By this point, the route has entered the town of Reading as a two-lane rural roadway. After a bend to the north, CR 27 terminates at NY 226, which continues north a short distance before terminating itself at an intersection with NY 14A near the Yates County line.
History.
NY 226 was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York to the portion of its modern alignment northeast of Savona. The portion of the Southern Tier Expressway near Savona and south of exit 40 was built in the late 1960s and completed by 1971. U.S. Route 15, at the time the designation for the highway, left the expressway at its end west of Savona and followed West Lamoka Avenue into the village to rejoin its original alignment in the center of Savona. An extension of the expressway northward from Savona was open by 1973 and became part of a realigned US 15. The portion of West Lamoka Avenue from exit 40 to Coopers–Bath Road in Savona became part of an extended NY 226 on July 1, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="6907722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907722" title="Destiny (Cosmic)">
Destiny (Cosmic)



</doc>
<doc id="6907724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907724" title="1948 Newfoundland referendums">
1948 Newfoundland referendums

The Newfoundland referendums of 1948 were a series of two referendums to decide the political future of the Dominion of Newfoundland. Before the referendums, Newfoundland was in debt and went through several delegations to determine whether the country would join Canada ("confederation"), remain under British rule or regain independence. The voting for the referendums occurred on June 3 and July 22, 1948. The eventual result was for Newfoundland to enter into Confederation, which it did on March 31, 1949, becoming the tenth province of Canada.
Background.
Newfoundland was the first region in what would become Canada to be settled by Europeans, but was the last to obtain either a local representative government or responsible government. In 1832, it received local representative government in the form of a locally elected body of officials overseen by a governor. The British granted responsible government, in which the government is responsible to the legislature and elected officials occupy ministerial jobs, in 1855.
Newfoundland did not send any delegates to the 1864 Charlottetown Conference, which was to discuss a union of Maritime colonies. Later that year, Newfoundland attended the Quebec Conference, called by John A. Macdonald to discuss a greater British North America union. The two Newfoundland delegates, Frederick Carter and Ambrose Shea, returned in favour of a union with Canada. However, Confederation was highly unpopular with the Newfoundland public, and the Government of Newfoundland did not send representatives to the London Conference of 1866, in which the British government and the colonies agreed to the terms of the "British North America Act". Opponents of Confederation decisively won the 1869 Newfoundland general election. In 1907, Newfoundland became a self-governing Dominion separate from Canada.
By the 1920s and the 1930s, Newfoundland was almost $40 million in debt, and on the verge of economic collapse. A commission recommended Newfoundland to be "given a rest from party politics" and to be administered by a special Commission of Government. Chaired by the governor, it would consist of three people from Newfoundland and three from the United Kingdom. Backing the recommendation was the United Kingdom, which agreed to take on Newfoundland's debts. The Commission of Government began on February 16, 1934.
Prosperity returned when the Americans were invited to the island by Britain to set up military bases in 1941 to 1945. The "American Bases Act" became law in Newfoundland on June 11, 1941. Newfoundland girls married American personnel by the thousands. In 1948 there was a short-lived but growing movement for some sort of economic union with the United States.
The British government, keen to cut expenditure after World War II, hoped that Newfoundland would decide to join the confederation and end the rule by commission. Newfoundland first asked Canada for help in a return to responsible government. However, the response from the Canadian government was that it was not interested in helping Newfoundland economically unless Newfoundland joined Confederation.
The British did not want their colony to become an American possession, and the Canadian government, despite being convinced that absorbing Newfoundland would not benefit Canada economically, thought that the annexation would be the lesser of two evils when compared to the prospect of the country being almost completely surrounded by American territory.
Seeking a union with the United States was not a referendum option, despite the idea having some currency amongst locals. With the Cold War looming, U.S. interests in Newfoundland were centred primarily on its strategic importance to the defence of North America. The Americans' ability to maintain bases on the island satisfied those concerns — after receiving assurances that the Canadian government would honour the leases for bases on Newfoundland, the U.S. State Department had no further interest in the political future of Newfoundland. President Harry S. Truman's administration had little incentive to pursue annexation. With respect to foreign policy, such a territorial ambition would have only served to antagonize two key allies. With respect to domestic policy, the administration would not likely have been able to convince Congress to offer statehood to Newfoundland due to its small population and geographical isolation from the then-48 existing states, and would not likely have been able to convince Newfoundlanders to accept territorial status as an alternative to admission as a U.S. state.
Newfoundland National Convention.
The British government decided to let Newfoundlanders deliberate and choose their own future by calling a National Convention in 1946. Chaired by Judge Cyril J. Fox, it consisted of 45 elected members, one of whom was the future first premier of Newfoundland, Joey Smallwood.
The Convention set up committees to study where Newfoundland's future lay. Many members assumed that the final decision was due near the end of their deliberations, but the timeline was upset when Smallwood moved that the Convention should send a delegation to Ottawa to discuss a union in October 1946. His motion was defeated, as it only received the support of 17 members, although the Convention later decided to send delegations to both London and Ottawa.
London delegation.
The London delegation, made up of so-called anti-confederates, preferred that Newfoundland become independent rather than join Canada. The group left Newfoundland on April 25, 1947, and met with a British delegation headed by the Dominions Secretary, Viscount Addison. The British response to the delegation was that it would give no economic help to Newfoundland if it returned to responsible government. The leader of the delegation from Newfoundland, Peter Cashin, gave an angry speech to the Convention on May 19 claiming, "A conspiracy existed to sell this country to the Dominion of Canada".
Ottawa delegation.
The Ottawa delegation, dominated by pro-confederates including Smallwood, preferred a union with Canada to independence. The talks between them and Ottawa began on June 24, 1947 with the goal being to stay in Ottawa as long as needed to negotiate good terms for Newfoundland's entry. Ottawa was reluctant at first because they felt that the delegation was not an official representation of the Dominion of Newfoundland, but the Federal Cabinet finally decided to begin negotiations on July 18. By mid-August, the agreement of draft terms was nearly complete. However, with the death of Frank Bridges, Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King's minister from New Brunswick, negotiations effectively ended. King refused further discussions until New Brunswick had representation, and so the delegation headed back to St. John's.
Back in St. John's.
The Convention reconvened on October 10 and Smallwood presented his delegation's report, infuriating the anti-confederates. Just as the Convention decided to debate the delegation's report, the draft terms from Ottawa arrived. Ottawa offered to assume most of the debt, negotiate a tax agreement, and outlined which services would remain in the jurisdiction of the province.
Referendums.
Newfoundland recommended that the British Government hold a referendum on Newfoundland's future. London agreed that a referendum was a good idea, and left it up to the Convention to decide what was to be on the ballot. Originally, the Convention decided that only two choices were to be on the ballot: restoration of responsible government and the continuation of the Commission of Government.
Smallwood moved on January 23, 1948, to add Confederation with Canada to the choices. The debate ended at 5:30a.m. on January 28, with the motion being defeated 29–16. The British government intervened in March and overruled the Convention, deciding that Confederation with Canada would indeed be on the ballot. They did this after having concluded, "It would not be right that the people of Newfoundland should be deprived of an opportunity of considering the issue at the referendum".
Factions.
Three main factions actively campaigned during the lead up to the referendums. One faction, led by Smallwood, was the Confederate Association (CA) advocating entering into Confederation. They campaigned through a newspaper known as "The Confederate". The Responsible Government League (RGL), led by Peter Cashin, advocated an independent Newfoundland with a return to responsible government. They also had their own newspaper, "The Independent". A third smaller Economic Union Party (EUP), led by Chesley Crosbie, advocated closer economic ties with the United States.
First referendum.
The first referendum took place on June 3, 1948. The votes were as follows:
Second referendum.
Since none of the choices had gained over 50%, a second referendum with only the two most popular choices was scheduled for July 22, 1948. Both sides recognized that more people had voted against responsible government than for it, which encouraged the CA and discouraged its opponents, although the RGL and EUP now became allies. The confederates widely publicized the Roman Catholic Archbishop E. P. Roche's strong opposition to confederation, and persuaded the Loyal Orange Association to advise Protestants to resist Catholic influence. The CA also denounced anti-confederates as anti-British and pro-republican, and called confederation with Canada "British Union". Anti-confederates responded that "Confederation Means British Union With French Canada".
The results of the second referendum were:
Results map.
The Avalon Peninsula, the location of St. John's, supported responsible government in both referendums, while the rest of Newfoundland supported confederation. A majority of districts with mostly Catholic voters supported responsible government.
Reaction to the referendums.
As the results of the binding referendum were to join Canada, Newfoundland began to negotiate with Canada to enter into Confederation. After negotiations were completed, the British Government received the terms and the British North America Act 1949 was subsequently passed by the British Parliament and given Royal Assent. Newfoundland officially joined Canada at midnight, March 31, 1949. At the elections for the Newfoundland House of Assembly two months later, Smallwood's Liberal Party won and controlled the provincial government until the 1970s. Reactions to Confederation were mixed.
Newfoundland as a province secured some significant guarantees as a part of the union. As ruled by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1927, Canada agreed to put Labrador under the jurisdiction of Newfoundland, after some consideration. Such commitments carried over to other areas as well, such as a ferry between Channel-Port aux Basques and North Sydney, and a guarantee that Newfoundland would be able to continue to manufacture and sell margarine, a very controversial product at the time.
Canada welcomed Newfoundland into confederation, as seen in an editorial in "The Globe and Mail" on April 1, 1949:
An editorial from the "Montreal Gazette" also welcomed Newfoundland, saying:
The "Vancouver Sun" also reflected on the results, saying:

</doc>
<doc id="6907728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907728" title="Klimovichy">
Klimovichy



</doc>
<doc id="6907733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907733" title="Chrysler Canada Greenway">
Chrysler Canada Greenway

The Chrysler Canada Greenway is a rail trail in Essex County, Ontario, Canada, between Oldcastle (near Windsor) and Leamington.
History.
The trail follows the route of a former railway branch line from Windsor, Ontario, south and east through Kingsville to Leamington, Ontario. The rail line was built by Hiram Walker to connect his distillery in Windsor to Kingsville in 1882 and was extended to Leamington in 1889. The rail line operated as the Canadian branch of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway and by the late 1980s was operated by CSX Transportation.
A portion of the rail line from Windsor to Blenheim was abandoned in 1989, and the rail line was donated to the Essex Region Conservation Authority (ERCA) in 1993. In exchange for naming rights, Chrysler Canada provided a $250,000 donation to convert the rail line to a bike trail. Work was finished on the trail by 1997, and it opened that year to use. The remainder of the rail line would also be abandoned, and its tracks removed to where they branch from the mainline between Highgate and Muirkirk.
The 1998 ECRA budget included $406,000 to develop the Chrysler Canada Greenway, part of which came from the sale of ravine land. The Harrow Rotary Club provided $40,000 in development costs. The first of the Greenway, between Queen Street in Harrow east to Ferriss Side Road, were opened on 29 May 1998. Along with the rail lines, the ECRA also acquired an 1889 stone train station but did not have the funds to preserve it. Development plans to complete the trail were estimated at $750,000 in late 1998, with a federal grant of $145,000.
By 2001, CN Rail took note of the popularity of the trail and donated an additional 26-km spur line from Amherstburg, Ontario to Essex, Ontario, a portion of the rail line operated by the Canada Southern Railway, which was abolished in 1977. (The rails for this spur, were removed in 1995 and the spur leading from Comber to Leamington removed in 2001, eliminating three at-grade railroad crossings on Highway 3). ERCA has stated they intend on converting the new trail from Amhurstburg to Essex as soon as funds become available. There has been no announcements regarding a possible conversion of the Leamington-Comber rail corridor. ERCA, Ontario Parks and Parks Canada have stated interest on turning the entire abandoned rail corridor from Ruthven to St. Thomas into an extended Chrysler Canada Greenway, linking up with trails in Delhi and Simcoe, providing a single long trail corridor from Windsor to London and Kitchener, and possibly to Hamilton then linking to Toronto via the Waterfront Trail. It is currently unknown if Leamington intends on converting its abandoned rail corridors to trails.
LaSalle, Ontario, has also expressed its interest and intentions to link the Windsor Trail and its own LaSalle Trail network to the Greenway.
How to travel.
The Greenway allows several different modes of transportation: cycling, walking, horseback riding and cross-country skiing.
Alignment.
The trail starts at the junction with Kings Highway 3, with signs to cross at the nearby Walker Road due to the dangerously high levels of traffic. The trail also has an unofficial "extension" which continues 2 km straight to its terminus with North Talbot Road. The Greenway also has five "Community Entrances", three of which (Harrow, Kingsville, and Ruthven) are of "service center" standards.
The Greenway surface is crushed gravel. The route passes through towns and farmland, crossing creeks and connecting 25 woodlots.
"Note: Not all exits are initially listed. more will be added as information is received."
Extensions.
Extensions of the trail are planned.
The Municipality of Leamington has expressed interest in converting their abandoned rail lines east of Talbot Road (CR 34) into an extension of the Greenway. Currently, bikes and farm tractors have to use dedicated bike lanes along the very busy Talbot Road, and this is dangerous, due to the high speed limit, trucks, hills, and curves. Currently, the parts east of CR 34 are navigable by bike or foot, but it is not recommended, as the brush is quite thick and it may still be private property.
The nearly all of the right-of-way along the former CN Rail CASO Subdivision from Leamington to a point just east of Ridgetown (via Wheatley, Merlin, and Blenheim) is intact, and able to be converted into a rail trail, and is either in the process of becoming one, or is in the planning stages.
ERCA has expressed its intentions on linking Amherstburg, McGregor, and Essex to the trail network via a 28-km long trail, with an intersection somewhere near McGregor, Ontario. This is already easily done, as ERCA owns the right of way, and a 1-km spur route leads into McGregor from the Greenway.
Aside from money, the insane traffic amounts on Highway 3 (which was scheduled to be twinned starting 2007) would pose a significant obstacle, unless the trail was routed along either an overpass/underpass, or through an intersection/Interchange, such as with Townline Road (County Road 8).
The City of Windsor has also expressed its intentions on linking its bike trail network to the Chrysler Canada Greenway. The most-likely candidate for this would be the Devonwood Bike Trail, which is the farthest-south reaching trail (the closest, with just 3.5 km separating the two), and already connects to an ERCA conservation area (Devonwood Conservation Area).

</doc>
<doc id="6907738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907738" title="Enhanced structural adjustment facility">
Enhanced structural adjustment facility

The Enhanced Structural Adjustment Facility (ESAF) was a program of financial assistance given to poor countries from December 1987 through 1999 through the International Monetary Fund. It replaced the Structural Adjustment Facility (SAF) and was itself replaced by the Poverty Reduction and Growth Facility (PRGF). 
During the program's tenure, approximately 10.1 billion dollars were disbursed, through low interest (.5 % annual) loans payable after 5½ years, and due in 10 years.

</doc>
<doc id="6907743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907743" title="Fighting Frank">
Fighting Frank



</doc>
<doc id="6907755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907755" title="Destiny (Marvel Comics personification)">
Destiny (Marvel Comics personification)



</doc>
<doc id="6907759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907759" title="Anh Do">
Anh Do

Anh Do (born 2 June 1977) is an Australian author, actor, comedian, and painter. He has appeared on Australian television shows such as "Thank God You're Here" and "Good News Week", and was runner-up on "Dancing with the Stars" in 2007. He studied a combined Business Law degree at the University of Technology, Sydney. He is the brother of film director Khoa Do and has acted in several of Khoa's films, including "Footy Legends", which he co-wrote and produced. In 2012, his TV show "Anh Does Vietnam" began airing. He has been four times a finalist in the Archibald Prize and won the 2017 People's Choice Award. From 2016 to 2021, Do hosted "Anh's Brush with Fame" on ABC TV in which he concurrently interviews and paints a portrait of prominent Australians.
Early life.
Anh Do was born in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. Do and his family fled to Australia as refugees in 1980. In his 2010 autobiography, "The Happiest Refugee", Do tells of how his family survived five days in a leaky fishing boat nine and a half metres long and two metres wide. During the trip his family and the rest of the passengers were attacked by two different bands of pirates. The first group stole one of the two engines and the second group of pirates stole the second engine, which had been broken but repaired by Do's father using a piece of rubber from a thong. It was reported that as the second band of pirates left, one of them threw a gallon of water onboard which kept all but one of the refugees alive, until they were finally rescued by a German merchant ship. The boat was packed with 40 Vietnamese refugees fleeing across the Indian Ocean.
Do's family settled in the Sydney suburb of Yagoona. Do attended St Aloysius' College in Milsons Point for his secondary education. When he was 14 he started a small business breeding tropical fish. While studying his first year of law at the University of Technology, Sydney, he owned a stall which sold American Indian artifacts, which he later expanded to four franchised stores.
Career.
Six months before finishing his combined Business Law degree, law firms offered him jobs which required 60 hours of work a week. He opted to take up stand-up comedy instead.
Do's memoir "The Happiest Refugee" has won awards, including the 2011 Australian Book of the Year, Biography of the Year and Newcomer of the Year, as well as the Indie Book of the Year Award 2011, Non-fiction Indie Book of the Year 2011, and it was shortlisted for the 2011 NSW Premier's Literary Awards, Community Relations Commission Award.
Since 2013, Do has cut back on comedy to focus on painting full-time. He was a finalist in the Archibald Prize in 2014, 2017 and 2019. From 2016 to 2021, Do hosted "Anh's Brush with Fame" on ABC TV. In this popular program, Anh Do concurrently interviews and paints a portrait of prominent Australians. He has been criticised for pre-painting the portraits from photographs and enlisting help from his art tutor.
Personal life.
Do is married to Suzanne (Suzie) Do and they have three sons and a daughter. Do met Suzie whilst they were both studying at university. His mother, Hien, played the role of Van Nguyen's mother, Kim, in "Better Man", a film which was produced by Anh's brother Khoa Do.
Awards.
Mo Awards.
The Australian Entertainment Mo Awards (commonly known informally as the Mo Awards), were annual Australian entertainment industry awards. They recognise achievements in live entertainment in Australia from 1975 to 2016. Anh Do won one award in that time.
 (wins only)

</doc>
<doc id="6907767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907767" title="Super Sloppy">
Super Sloppy



</doc>
<doc id="6907775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907775" title="Fort Ward">
Fort Ward

Fort Ward may refer to several former military installations in the United States including:
Fort Ward may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6907788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907788" title="Amayo Jingoro">
Amayo Jingoro



</doc>
<doc id="6907791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907791" title="Vito J. Lopez">
Vito J. Lopez

Vito Joseph Lopez (June 5, 1941 – November 9, 2015) was an American politician from New York. He was a member of the New York State Assembly, and chairman of the Democratic Party of Kings County.
Personal life.
Vito Lopez was born on June 5, 1941, in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, of an Italian American family; his last name Lopez derives from his grandfather, who was a native of Spain. He graduated from Brooklyn's James Madison High School, and received a BS in Business Administration from Long Island University (1964), and a Master of Social Work from Yeshiva University (1970), where he was trained in the community organizing program. Lopez had two children by his former wife, Joan.
Lopez was diagnosed with leukemia in 1993, and in 2010 was treated for a recurrence of cancer. He died on November 9, 2015, at Sloan Kettering Memorial Hospital at the age of 74.
Early career.
Lopez began his career with the New York City Department of Social Services, at the Stanhope Street Senior Center in Bushwick, Brooklyn. Believing the neighborhood received little attention from City Hall and senior citizen programs there received even less in terms of program support, Lopez began organizing senior citizens there. His first attracted citywide attention by organizing in November 1981 an assembly of 100 senior citizens at Brooklyn Borough Hall to protest what they saw as the "serious neglect" shown to them in programs for decent housing, nursing homes and medical facilities.
Lopez began researching the programs for senior citizens available from local, state and federal funding sources in order to supplement the relatively meager services offered at the Stanhope Street Senior Center. This led his to conceive the idea of creating a not-for-profit that would enter into government contracts to provide services for senior citizens, which he planned would focus on Bushwick and the neighboring Italian-American community of Ridgewood, located in the borough of Queens.
In 1973, he founded Ridgewood Bushwick Senior Citizens Council (RBSCC), a non-profit organization to provide services to senior citizens in Bushwick and the adjoining (interborough) neighborhood of Ridgewood, Queens as well as surrounding areas. The first contract it won was to manage the Stanhope Street Senior Center. The Council aggressively pursued government funds and promoted itself as the primary contact for citizens looking for government assistance, even assistance not within the purview of the council's contracts.
Over time as the Council increased in size and importance, Lopez used it to generate loyalty among constituents for which it provided services and to employ locals to create an administrative staff. These two groups allowed Lopez to gain his political positions beginning with his Assembly seat in 1984. While he resigned as executive director of the council on winning the seat, he remained closely associated with it and used his political clout on its behalf. At the height of his political influence the Council "served as a de facto political machine for him and his allies ..."
According to the "Daily News," by 2010 as Assemblyman Lopez had steered $430,000 in state grants to the Ridgewood-Bushwick Citizens Council. At that time, the council had $100 million in state and city contracts to build affordable homes, provide meals to seniors and run after-school programs. The "Daily News" found that for the period 2007-2010 firms doing businesses with the council (and their subcontractors) contributed $51,000 to election campaigns of Lopez or to the Kings County Democratic Committee of which Lopez was chairman.
Political career.
Lopez was a member of the New York State Assembly (53rd D.) from 1985 to 2013, sitting in the 186th, 187th, 188th, 189th, 190th, 191st, 192nd, 193rd, 194th, 195th, 196th, 197th, 198th, 199th and 200th New York State Legislatures. His district comprised the Brooklyn neighborhoods of Bushwick and Williamsburg.
From 2006 to 2012, Lopez served as the chairman of the Kings County Democratic Party, having replaced former chairman Clarence Norman Jr. On August 28, 2012, Lopez announced that he would not seek re-election as Brooklyn Democratic leader due to allegations that he sexual harassed two of his staffers. Lopez was forced to step down after it was revealed that he settled a lawsuit by two of his female staffers who alleged that he had sexually harassed them. On May 17, 2013, Lopez also resigned from then his assembly seat effective at the end of the legislative session June 20, 2013. Several days later Lopez moved up his resignation date to May 20, 2013.
Political stances.
Lopez was among the sponsors of a bill to expand the original 1982 Loft Law, "...which gave rights to illegal tenants and made their lofts subject to rent stabilization." The 2009 Loft Law Amendment, which went into effect June 2010, expanded these protections to lofts in manufacturing areas of Bushwick, Williamsburg, Greenpoint, and Long Island City.
While Lopez previously sponsored similar legislation, he did not support a 2009 bill, the Child Victims Act, sponsored by Assemblywoman Margaret Markey. This bill would have opened a one-year window to allow older victims of prior childhood sexual abuse the ability to file civil actions against their abusers.
He has sponsored a competing bill that provides no window, but would change current law to allow lawsuits against public institutions without requiring a 90-day notice of claim. The "New York Times" reported on June 9, 2009, that in an effort to reach a compromise with Lopez's bill, Markey amended her bill to specifically include all public institutions through the waiver of the current 90-day notice of claim requirement, and also limited the window to victims aged 53 or younger.
During an October 13, 2006, meeting with the Lambda Independent Democrats, a political club of gay Democrats in New York City, Lopez publicly declared his support for extending the right of civil marriage to same-sex couples for the first time in his political career. He also intimated that he would help to enact legislation that would recognize same-sex marriages, which the highest court in New York State had refused to recognize earlier that year.
Pork Barrel Politics.
In 2018 Dan Doctoroff said that Lopez refused to support the Bloomberg administrator's rezoning of the Brooklyn waterfront unless the administration allocated a million dollars for a daycare center that Doctoroff thought Lopez's girlfriend was connected to. By Doctoroff's account, this happened the day before the city council vote; time was limited, and after midnight Doctoroff called the head of the agency that oversaw daycare centers, woke him up, and secured the million dollars for the center to meet Lopez's demand and pass the rezoning.
Investigations.
According to multiple media accounts in September 2010, Lopez and the Ridgewood Bushwick Senior Citizens Council were the subject of several investigations, led by the US Attorney in Manhattan and in Brooklyn, and the New York City Department of Investigations.
Censure.
On August 24, 2012, the New York State Assembly Standing Committee on Ethics and Guidance concluded an investigation, made in response to allegations brought forth by two young female staffers, and unanimously found that Vito Lopez had violated the Assembly's sexual harassment/retaliation policy.
Based on recommendations from the committee, Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver removed him as chair of the Committee on Housing, stripped him of all seniority, reduced his staff allotment and forbade him from employing any interns or persons under the age of 21. Silver also censured and admonished him on behalf of the Assembly. He was reelected in November 2012 despite token opposition, but was stripped of his Democratic chairmanship and had his pay cut.
In mid-May 2013 the state's Joint Commission on Public Ethics issued a report which described in detail the behavior alleged by multiple women, which prompted prominent Democrats, including Governor Andrew Cuomo and Speaker Silver, to call for his immediate resignation. In response Lopez, cited a report by special prosecutor Staten Island District Attorney Daniel M. Donovan Jr. that he would not bring criminal charges. On May 17, 2013, he announced he would resign from the Assembly at the end of his term in June 2013 and in the fall run for a seat on the New York City Council.
This announcement brought further calls from his immediate resignation, including by Assembly Minority leader Brian M. Kolb, and brought a vow by City Council Speaker Christine C. Quinn, a Democrat running for Mayor, that she would work to prevent his election. That afternoon Speaker Silver released a draft resolution to expel Lopez from the Assembly that he said would be voted on when the Assembly returns on May 20, 2013.
Resignation.
Lopez resigned in May 2013 after a legislative ethics panel censured him. On June 11, 2013, Lopez was fined $330,000 who was accused of groping, intimidating and manipulating young female staffers in a 2012 scandal.
2013 New York City Council election.
Lopez ran in the 2013 New York City Council elections to succeed Diana Reyna in the 34th district. He lost the Democratic primary to Antonio Reynoso. Lopez won 37% of the vote and Reynoso 49%.

</doc>
<doc id="6907795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907795" title="Rider (theater)">
Rider (theater)

In theater, dance, and live musical performances, a rider is a set of requests or demands that a performer sets as criteria for performance, which are typically fulfilled by the hosting venue. Types of riders include "hospitality" and "technical".
Since the 2010s, inclusion riders, which provide for certain levels of diversity in casting and production staff, are used in the film and television industry.
Types.
Hospitality.
The hospitality rider is a list of requests for the comfort of the artist on the day of the show. Common requests are:
Technical.
A document which specifies the types of equipment to be used, the staff to be provided, and other arrangements directly relating to the performance. 
For live music performances, technical riders usually include:
Typical requests are:

</doc>
<doc id="6907797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907797" title="Mechanical Beasts">
Mechanical Beasts



</doc>
<doc id="6907798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907798" title="Tysmenytsya">
Tysmenytsya



</doc>
<doc id="6907803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907803" title="Robbins Reef Light">
Robbins Reef Light

The Robbins Reef Light Station is a sparkplug lighthouse located off Constable Hook in Bayonne, Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, along the west side of Main Channel, Upper New York Bay. The tower and integral keepers quarters were built in 1883. It replaced an octagonal granite tower built in 1839. The U.S. Coast Guard owned and operated the light station until the 2000s.
Position.
The light is located on a small ridge of sand named "Robyn's Rift" by the Dutch settlers of the area. The reef is now called Robbins Reef. It is situated near the entrance to the Kill van Kull, a strait connecting New York Bay to Newark Bay. The channel is one of the most heavily used in the Port of New York and New Jersey, accessing Port Newark-Elizabeth Marine Terminal.
History.
The name derives from the New Netherland era of the 17th century. In Dutch "rob" or "robyn" means "seal", groups of which would sometimes lie on the reef at low tide. The structure is also called "Kate's Light" for Kate Walker who "manned" the station alone after the death of her husband Captain John Walker in 1886, until 1919. She rowed her children to school in Bayonne. Herman Westgate was the last keeper of the lighthouse before it was finally automated. In 2009 Robbins Reef was put up for sale under the National Historic Lighthouse Preservation Act. In 2011, the Noble Maritime Collection, a maritime museum on Staten Island, was granted stewardship of the light station by the U.S. General Services Administration. The octagonal structure near Robbins Reef Lighthouse is not the base of the original 1839 tower but rather a sewer outfall that was constructed around 1915.
Recent developments.
In 2011, ownership was transferred to the Noble Maritime Collection based at Sailors' Snug Harbor in Staten Island, through the terms of the National Historic Lighthouse Preservation Act. Recently museum volunteers have been restoring the lighthouse, with the interior restoration nearly complete. Miller’s Launch, a local launch tug, and spill response team provides periodic transportation for the volunteers. Total renovations are expected to be complete in the early 2020s, at which time the lighthouse will offer tours and even serve as a bed and breakfast.

</doc>
<doc id="6907817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907817" title="Azeb Mesfin">
Azeb Mesfin

Azeb Mesfin Haile (Amharic and ; born 21 December 1966) is an Ethiopian politician who was the second First Lady of Ethiopia from 2001 to 2012. Azeb is the widow of Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi. She is the founder and patron of National Initiative for Mental Health of Ethiopia. In early 2009, she was appointed CEO of the Endowment Fund for the Rehabilitation of Tigray by its head Abadi Zemu.
Early life.
Azeb was born in Welkait in the Tigray region, and was raised in Gadarif, Eastern Sudan. She is the daughter of an Amhara peasant farmer father Mesfin Haile and a Tigrayan mother Konjit Gola. Her maternal grandfather, Gola Goshu was as an Italian Askari during the Second Italo-Ethiopian War (1935–1936). Due his action in the country, Gola was killed by Ethiopian patriots. From an early age, Azeb was raised by her aunt Maniahlosh Gola who is the daughter of this "Fitawrari" a title given to Goshu by Italian invaders meaning Commander of the vanguard; a feudal era military title.
Azeb was married to Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi until his death in 2012. Together they had three children: Semhal, Marda and Senay Meles.
Career.
She was elected in 2005 to the House of Peoples' Representatives (the lower House of the Ethiopian Parliament) representing her home woreda of Welkait and Humera, and serves as chair of its Social Affairs Standing Committee. Her role has at times been controversial, with some members of Ethiopian diaspora alleging that, during the period in which she was an executive at the parastatal Mega Corporation, she was involved in "the impropriety of mingling public, private and party-owned businesses."
However Azeb is also known for her work to teach rural Ethiopians about the issues of HIV/AIDS 
Her appearance at a special ceremony to honor the First Ladies of Africa for their efforts against the spread of HIV/AIDS held by Georgetown University of Washington DC on 15 January 2007 was met by protests of exiled Ethiopians." The University was awarding its "John Thompson Legacy of a Dream Award" to the Organization of African First Ladies against HIV/AIDS for its leadership and service toward the ideals of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Mesfin was to accept the award on behalf of the organization along with the first ladies of Zambia and Rwanda.
She started the organization "Ethiopian Coalition of Women against HIV/AIDS" and continues to work closely with community leaders to ensure the rights of women, fight harmful traditional practices and HIV/AIDS. She said the award she received is not just for her organization but for the entire Ethiopian women declaring "the award is the result of the relentless struggle waged by Ethiopian women.

</doc>
<doc id="6907818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907818" title="Crescentius Richard">
Crescentius Richard



</doc>
<doc id="6907841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907841" title="State Line, PA">
State Line, PA



</doc>
<doc id="6907845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907845" title="Neils Finsen">
Neils Finsen



</doc>
<doc id="6907861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907861" title="US $5 bill">
US $5 bill



</doc>
<doc id="6907877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907877" title="Georgia State Route 341">
Georgia State Route 341

State Route 341 (SR 341) is a north–south state highway located entirely within Walker County in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. It connects the unincorporated community of Davis Crossroads with Chattanooga Valley, via Chickamauga.
Route description.
SR 341 begins at an intersection with SR 193 in Davis Crossroads, northwest of LaFayette. It travels to the northeast and curves to the north-northeast, along the West Chickamauga Creek valley, to the town of Chickamauga. The route then turns to the northwest. Just before entering Chattanooga Valley, it curves to a northerly routing. In Chattanooga Valley, SR 341 meets its northern terminus, another intersection with SR 193.
SR 341 is not part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.
History.
Between 1960 and 1963, SR 341 was established along its current routing. The route remains unchanged since then.

</doc>
<doc id="6907878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907878" title="Gorseddau Junction and Portmadoc Railway">
Gorseddau Junction and Portmadoc Railway

The Gorseddau Junction and Portmadoc Railway (GJ&amp;PR) was a Welsh tramway.
The GJ&amp;PR was a narrow-gauge railway connecting the slate quarries of Cwm Pennant with the wharves at Porthmadog harbour. It was built in 1872, partly as a conversion of the earlier gauge Gorseddau Tramway, which in itself had incorporated the even earlier gauge Tremadoc Tramway. It opened to mineral and goods traffic in 1875.
Route and operation.
The main line followed the route of the original Gorseddau Tramway from Porthmadog through Tremadoc, "Penmorfa" and "Ynys-y-Pandy" to Gorseddau quarry. On conversion, the line from Porthmadog to Braich-y-bib, just north of Ynys-y-Pandy, was regauged to . A new extension was added from Braich-y-bib. This led west along the Cwm Pennant before heading north to Cwm Trwsgl where inclines served the Prince of Wales and Dol-ifan-Gethin slate quarries and the Cwm Dywfor copper and lead mine. This branch added an additional 5 miles to the length of the railway, for a total length of 13 miles. At Porthmadog the last few hundred yards of the original Gorseddau route were abandoned and traffic was worked to the wharves over the Croesor Tramway. At around the same time the line from Braich-y-bib to Gorseddau quarry had been abandoned. The Prince of Wales quarry supplied most of the traffic for the railway during its existence.
Unlike its predecessor the GJ&amp;PR had a single steam locomotive, a vertical boilered De Winton named "Pert", although it continued to use horses as motive power for most of its existence. The locomotive is believed to have been disused after 1878, and to have been sold in 1896 to Glodd-fa'r-Glai Quarry which was connected to the Nantlle Railway.
Abandonment.
By 1887, the railway had largely fallen into disuse as the mines and quarries it served failed, and by 1890 single wagons were being hand-propelled to Porthmadog. The land the railway ran on was sold in 1897, by which time it had been dismantled. Between about 1903 and 1907, a short section of Gorseddau trackbed between the Cambrian Railways station in Porthmadog and the junction with the Croesor Tramway was again re-used to connect the Moel y Gest quarry tramway via the Croesor and the Festiniog to the wharves. Although the latter tramway closed in 1907 and was re-laid in 1919 as a standard-gauge siding of the Cambrian, this section survived until the early 1950s.
Ynys-y-Pandy Mill.
The railway served the Ynys-y-Pandy Mill () a three-storey structure which processed slate from the Gorseddau Quarry. The mill was built in 1856-7 by Evan Jones of Garndolbenmaen and is believed to have been designed by James Brunlees. A curved ramp brought two branches of the railway into the mill on two different levels, one to the upper floor, the other to the middle floor. The building incorporated a diameter internal overshot water wheel. The mill produced flag-stones, dairy equipment, troughs and urinals. The building was a venue for eisteddfodau until the roof was removed around 1906. The remains of the mill is Grade II* listed. The small waste tips at the site show that little slate was worked at the mill. In the 1980s the mill was bought by the Snowdonia National Park Authority and the stonework was repaired.
'Ynys y Pandy' is Welsh for 'Isle of Pandy' or 'Pandy Island'.

</doc>
<doc id="6907916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907916" title="CONCP">
CONCP



</doc>
<doc id="6907917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907917" title="Lokka">
Lokka

Lokka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6907926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907926" title="Greg Lisher">
Greg Lisher

Gregory Allen Lisher (born November 29, 1963) is the lead guitar player for Camper Van Beethoven. He is also one of the founding members of the Camper Van Beethoven spin-off Indy prog rock group Monks of Doom.
He has also released four solo records. His first solo record, "Handed Down the Wire," was released in 2001 followed by "Trains Change" in 2007 and "Songs From the Imperial Garden" in 2020. His latest release, "Underwater Detection Method," was released on Independent Project Records in 2024. 
Discography.
Other recordings (as guitarist ).
Jonathan Segel – Storytelling (1989)
The Electric Chairmen – Toast (1996
Jonathan Segel – Edgy Not Antsy (2003)
With Victor Krummenacher 
Victory Out in the Heat (1995)
Saint John's Mercy (1998)
The Cock Crows at Sunrise (2007)
Patriarch's Blues (2008)
Blue Pacific (2018)
Filthy thieving bastards A Melody of Retreads and Broken Quills (2001)
Camper van Chadbourne (1987)

</doc>
<doc id="6907931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907931" title="Standard Chartered Pakistan">
Standard Chartered Pakistan

Standard Chartered Pakistan is a Pakistani commercial bank headquartered in Karachi. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of British multinational bank Standard Chartered and is one of the oldest foreign commercial bank in Pakistan.
History.
The history of Standard Chartered in Pakistan dates back to 1863, when the Chartered Bank of India, Australia and China first established its operations in Karachi.
In December 2002, Grindlays ANZ's operations in Pakistan were merged into Standard Chartered Bank Pakistan. The merger followed Standard Chartered Bank's acquisition of Grindlays' Middle Eastern and South Asian operations from ANZ Banking Group on July 31, 2000. At the time of the merger, Standard Chartered was the largest foreign bank in Pakistan and operated in all four provinces, maintaining a network of 21 branches.
In 2006, Standard Chartered Bank acquired Union Bank in Pakistan. On 30 December 2006, Standard Chartered merged Union Bank with its own subsidiary, Standard Chartered Bank (Pakistan), to create Pakistan's sixth largest bank.
FinCEN.
Standard Chartered was named in FinCEN leak, published by Buzzfeed News and the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ). It had four suspicious transactions flagged.

</doc>
<doc id="6907950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907950" title="University of Puerto Rico at Rio Piedras">
University of Puerto Rico at Rio Piedras



</doc>
<doc id="6907952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907952" title="Druć">
Druć



</doc>
<doc id="6907963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907963" title="Drut (river)">
Drut (river)

The Drut or Druts (, ; , ) is a river in Belarus, a right tributary of Dnieper. It originates in the Orsha Upland in the Belarusian Ridge and flows through the Vitebsk, Mogilev and Gomel regions of Belarus. It is long, and has a drainage basin.
The cities of Talachyn, Kruhlaye, Byalynichy, and Rahachow are located on the Drut.
The on the Drut river has an area of .

</doc>
<doc id="6907964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907964" title="Vredryck Flypse">
Vredryck Flypse



</doc>
<doc id="6907966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907966" title="StorageTek T10000">
StorageTek T10000



</doc>
<doc id="6907967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907967" title="Tolochin">
Tolochin



</doc>
<doc id="6907994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6907994" title="Jim Castiglia">
Jim Castiglia

James Vincent Castiglia (September 30, 1918 – December 26, 2007) was an American professional football fullback in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins and Philadelphia Eagles as well as the Baltimore Colts of the All-America Football Conference (AAFC). He also briefly played Major League Baseball as a catcher for the Philadelphia Athletics.
On September 7, 1947, Castiglia scored the first touchdown in Baltimore Colts franchise history on a kickoff fumble recovery.
Biography.
Early life.
Jim Castiglia was born September 30, 1918, in Passaic, New Jersey. He attended Passaic High School where he was a three-sport athlete, making his mark on the football team as a star fullback, as a guard on the basketball team, and the baseball team as a catcher.
Regarded as a particularly hard tackler on defense and a powerful runner of the football, Castiglia was elected 1936 team captain by his teammates at the end of the 1935 season. Castiglia led his team to the New Jersey Group IV state championship in 1936 and was selected to the All-County team for the Passaic County Interscholastic League.
College career.
Castiglia attended Georgetown University in Washington, D.C. in 1937, gaining notice of the coaches of the school's freshman football team as "one of the greatest backs in many years" to attend the school.
He became eligible to play for head coach Jack Hagerty's varsity football squad as a sophomore in 1938. He was not regarded as a star during the 1938 or 1939 seasons, only finding his way during his 1940 senior year. In the third game of the 1940 season against Temple University, Castiglia popped a 16-yard run up the middle for a touchdown, helping the Hoyas continue their undefeated record that dated back to 1937.
During his 1940 senior season, Castiglia missed time due to a hip injury, but nevertheless gained the notice of some pro football talent scouts. Georgetown would only lose one game during the 1940 regular season, coming up one point short to undefeated Boston College, and would play in the 1941 Orange Bowl Game, losing to Mississippi State University by a touchdown.
Castiglia also kept his baseball career alive at Georgetown as a catcher in 1939, 1940, and 1941 — with Castiglia attracting the attention of pro scouts as a senior, despite questionable throwing ability from behind the plate. During his senior year, Castiglia hit .400 with 4 home runs for the Hoyas.
Professional football.
In December 1940, Castiglia was drafted with the final pick of the 21st round of the 1941 NFL draft by the Pittsburgh Steelers. Castiglia never played for the Steelers, who assigned his rights to the Philadelphia Eagles ahead of training camp for the 1941 NFL season. He signing with the Eagles was announced on July 11, 1941.
During his 1941 rookie season with the Eagles, Castiglia carried the ball 60 times for 183 yards (3.0 yards per carry).
Professional baseball.
After finishing the 1941 Georgetown baseball season, Castiglia signed a professional baseball contract with the Detroit Tigers of the American League, who assigned him to the Buffalo Bisons, a minor league affiliate, for further development.
Castiglia was apparently released by the Tigers, but was subsequently invited by the Philadelphia Athletics to their 1942 spring training in Florida as an unsigned bullpen catcher. Castiglia left camp with an A's contract and saw action with the big league club for a 16-game stint in 1942. He was mostly used as a pinch-hitter, catching in just three games. He hit the ball extremely well during his brief time in "the show," going 7-for-18, a .389 batting average, with two runs batted in and scoring two runs.
This would be Castiglia's only stint in Major League Baseball, cut short by his mid-season enlistment in the US Army.
World War II.
In July 1942, Castiglia joined the United States Army. He was initially sent to El Paso, Texas to be made part of a cavalry unit but was soon transferred to Officer Candidate School for the United States Army Air Forces at Miami Beach, Florida, from which he graduated with a commission of second lieutenant. Following graduation from OCS, he was assigned to Atlantic City Training Center as a physical training officer before being transferred to Jefferson Barracks in Lemay, Missouri.
Among Castiglia's duties while stationed in Missouri was coaching the football team of the 30th Training Group of the Army Air Forces.
The year 1944 saw Castiglia assigned to the Greensboro Training Center of the Army Air Forces, locate in Greensboro, North Carolina. In addition to his training duties, Castiglia was a member of the Greensboro Tech-Hawks baseball team, playing catcher. Frequently batting out of the five-hole, the left-handed batter Castiglia hit .391 for the Tech-Hawks for the 1944 season. He also played baseball for the Tech-Hawks in 1945.
Return to professional athletics.
Castiglia remained in uniform as a US Army Air Forces officer through 1945, although he did manage to use furlough time to make his way from Greensboro to join the Philadelphia Eagles in their November 25, 1945, game against the Washington Redskins. Sporting his familiar No. 31 jersey, the fullback started the game and toted the ball 13 times for 29 yards in his only game action of the season.
By February 1946, with the war over, Castiglia had been discharged from the military. He reported to spring training for the Philadelphia A's at West Palm Beach, Florida on February 23. He was apparently released from the team shortly thereafter and on April 22 he signed a contract to play football for the Philadelphia Eagles for 1946. He only started 2 of 11 games for the team in 1946, however, gaining just 87 yards on 39 carries (2.2 yards per run) and adding another 51 yards through the air on 11 receptions. He scored one touchdown during the year.
On August 4, 1947, head coach Cecil Isbell announced that Jim Castiglia had signed a contract with the Baltimore Colts of the new All-America Football Conference (AAFC). Terms of the contract were not announced. Although he only played two games for the Colts, Castiglia holds the honor of scoring the first touchdown in the history of the Baltimore franchise.
For the September 7 opener at the original Baltimore Municipal Stadium, the Colts kicked off to their opponents, the Brooklyn Dodgers, on a muddy field in a heavy rain. Brooklyn kick returner Elmore Harris took the ball at the 5 yard line and got it back to the 25, where he fumbled. The ball was recovered by his teammate Harry Buffington, an offensive lineman, who took to midfield before being spun around by an attempted tackler. Buffington took the ball all the way back to his own end zone where, realizing his mistake, he attempted to throw the ball away — straight into the hands of Castiglia of the Colts, for a wild touchdown. Baltimore eventually won the game by a score of 16–7.
Castiglia left the Colts after just two games and signed with the Washington Redskins of the NFL for the remainder of the 1947 season and seeing action in seven games as a reserve. He carried the ball 104 times for the Redskins in 1947, gaining a career high 426 yards (4.1 yards per carry) and adding another 88 yards through the air. He scored 5 touchdowns in the season, also a career best.
Castiglia retired from the NFL following the 1948 season.
Later years.
Castiglia was married to Catherine Marie Kane of Washington, DC, in July 1942.
Death and legacy.
Castiglia died December 26, 2007, in Rockville, Maryland. He is buried in Gate of Heaven Cemetery in Aspen Hill, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="6908012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908012" title="State Route 339 (Georgia)">
State Route 339 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908019" title="Sgt. Petsound's Lonely Hearts Club Band">
Sgt. Petsound's Lonely Hearts Club Band

Sgt. Petsound's Lonely Hearts Club Band is a track-for-track mashup of The Beach Boys' "Pet Sounds" with The Beatles' "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" by Clayton Counts. Released under the pseudonym The Beachles, it was posted to Counts's blog on September 5, 2006. 
The album received favorable mentions in "Entertainment Weekly" and "USA Today", as well as various blogs around the world. Shortly after release, Counts received a cease and desist order from EMI's attorneys around September 8, 2006. Notably, the letter included a demand for Counts to hand over the IP addresses of everyone who downloaded or streamed the songs. Counts removed the songs, but refused to give up the IPs and fired back with a lengthy missive on his blog. The incident drew the attention of the Associated Press and "Rolling Stone", and resulted in a letter-writing campaign and a boycott of EMI and Capitol Records on behalf of Counts.
Counts linked to the tracker site isoHunt as a place to still download the album after his cease and desist letter.
Track listing.
All songs are created using tracks from The Beach Boys and The Beatles.
"Son of a Beachle".
In 2021, a media folder on Clayton Count's blog was discovered containing an unfinished sequel to "Sgt. Petsound's Lonely Hearts Club Band" titled "Son of a Beachle". This album was originally meant to contain 32 tracks, but only 11 of said tracks were ever made. "Son of a Beachle" uses many more samples than its predecessor, and goes for a more humorous approach.

</doc>
<doc id="6908020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908020" title="Congressional District of Marikina City">
Congressional District of Marikina City



</doc>
<doc id="6908039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908039" title="God-Emperor">
God-Emperor



</doc>
<doc id="6908058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908058" title="Alexander Markov">
Alexander Markov

Alexander Markov is a Russian American violinist who has received awards from the Paganini International Violin Competition (gold medal) and the Avery Fisher Career Grant. He is known for his recording of Paganini's 24 Caprices for Solo Violin, particularly for his interpretation of the left-hand pizzicato section of the 24th Caprice. A film of Markov playing the Caprices was directed by Bruno Monsaingeon.
Markov was born in Moscow and studied violin with his father, concert violinist Albert Markov. By the time he was eight years old, he was appearing as a soloist with orchestras and performing double concertos with his father. Markov emigrated to the U.S. with his parents and received his United States citizenship in 1982. He made his New York debut recital at Carnegie Hall and appeared with Christoph Eschenbach conducting the Mostly Mozart Festival Orchestra at Avery Fisher Hall.
Markov has recorded for the Erato label, distributed worldwide by Warner Classics. His releases have included the Tchaikovsky pieces for violin and piano. He has performed with Charles Dutoit, Ivan Fischer, Neeme Järvi, Zdeněk Mácal, Lorin Maazel, and Gerard Schwarz. He has performed with the orchestras such as the Philadelphia Orchestra, Orchestre de Paris, the BBC Symphony, the Montreal Symphony, the Budapest Festival Orchestra, the Detroit Symphony, the New Jersey Symphony, the Seattle Symphony and Houston, Baltimore, Cincinnati and Jerusalem orchestras. He played to great acclaim at the Llandeilo Music festival in west Wales in July 2012.
Yehudi Menuhin has written "He is without doubt one of the most brilliant and musical of violinists… Alexander Markov will certainly leave his mark on the music-lovers of the world and in the annals of the violin virtuosi of our day".

</doc>
<doc id="6908083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908083" title="Grégory Gaultier">
Grégory Gaultier

Grégory Gaultier (born 23 December 1982, in Épinal, France) is a former professional squash player from France. He has won the 2015 World Open Squash Championship, the British Open three times, in 2007, 2014 and 2017, the Qatar Classic in 2011, the US Open twice, in 2006 and 2013, the Tournament of Champions in 2009, and the PSA World Series Finals thrice, in 2008, 2009 and 2016. He reached the final of the World Open in 2006, 2007, 2011 and 2013, and the World No. 1 ranking in 2009. Gaultier is affectionately known to his friends as The General.
Career overview.
Gaultier was the European junior squash champion in 2000 and 2001. He also won a British Junior Open title and finished as the runner-up at the World Junior Squash Championships.
In 2003, Gaultier was a member of the French team which finished runners-up to Australia at the World Team Squash Championships. In the semi-finals against England, Gaultier won the deciding match against Lee Beachill which took France through to the final.
At the 2006 World Open, Gaultier defeated World No. 1 and defending-champion Amr Shabana in the semi-finals, before losing in five games in the final to David Palmer 11–9, 11–9, 9–11, 10–11 (4–6), 2–11. In 2007, Gaultier again reached the World Open final, losing 7–11, 4–11, 6–11 to Shabana.
At the 2007 British Open, Gaultier defeated his fellow Frenchman Thierry Lincou in the final 11–4, 10–12, 11–6, 11–3. He became the first French winner of the British Open.
At the 2009 Tournament of Champions, Gaultier defeated the world No.1 Karim Darwish in the semifinal, and beat Nick Matthew in the final with a score 11–9, (2–11), 11–8, 11–4. He is the only Frenchman to have won the title.
Gaultier moved to the top of the world ranking in November 2009, a feat achieved after losing in the final of the Hong Kong Open a month earlier. In 2009 he became the second French player to become world no 1.
Gaultier has since won the Qatar Classic and reached the semi-finals of the J.P. Morgan Tournament of Champions, and later won the Case Swedish Open after dispatching Karim Darwish in the finals.
In 2013 he was Gold medalist of the World Games in Cali against Simon Rösner in the final. He won the US Open against Nick Matthew 11–4, 11–5, 11–5. Two weeks later, he reached the World Championship final for the fourth time, losing again 11–9, 11–9, 11–13, 7-11, 11–2 to Nick Matthew.
In February 2014 he once again reached the top of the World Ranking, but again only for a month, as was the case in November 2009. One month later, in March, he won the Metro Squash Windy City Open, another PSA World Series tournament in the University Club of Chicago beating the apparently injured Ramy Ashour in the final 11–7, 11–3, 11–4. In April he reached World Number 1 ranking for the third time.
In May he won the British Open for the second time beating Nick Matthew in a very quick final 11–3, 11–6, 11–2.
In October 2021 Gaultier announced his retirement from the PSA World Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="6908093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908093" title="Georgia Highway 540">
Georgia Highway 540



</doc>
<doc id="6908094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908094" title="Layer Jump Recording">
Layer Jump Recording

Layer Jump Recording (LJR) is a writing method used for DVD-R DL (Dual Layer). LJR alternates between recording layers during the writing process, as compared with filling one layer before writing to another layer.
Overview.
LJR permits recording the disc per increments called session (see Optical disc authoring), a.k.a. multi-session. It also permits a faster closing of the disc by saving extraneous padding when the amount of recorded data does not fill-up the disc. It overcomes these limitations of Sequential Recording (SR), the writing method usually applied to write-once optical media.
The layer jump is a switch (jump) between the layer closer to the laser head (referred as L0) to the farther layer (referred as L1), or vice versa. Jumping layers is already necessary for reading multiple layer optical media (so far market released products are limited to two layers despite some research prototypes having up to eight layers), as well as for recording them with Sequential Recording. However the layer jump during the recording occurs only once, at the position called Middle Area, during a Sequential Recording, while it may occur multiple times with Layer Jump Recording.
Two different Layer Jump methods are defined: Manual Layer Jump and Regular Layer Jump. The first require the software to specify to the hardware each jump point from layer zero to layer one (the jump from layer one to layer zero occurring always at the symmetric jump point). The latter requires the software to specify to the hardware only once the jumping interval size.
This technology was championed by Pioneer Corporation, optical device manufacturer among other things, and introduced to the market in 2005. The physical part of the technology was first specified within DVD Forum, and then a matching device command set was introduced to the Mt Fuji specification (which eventually was replicated within the MMC specification). Later the Layer Jump Recording impacted the UDF file system specification.
Unlike most recording methods, Layer Jump Recording was not unanimously adopted by optical driver manufacturers. The limited backward compatibility with legacy optical devices, complexity of device firmware implementation, need of significant software update for support and the slightly awkward writing sequencing, slowed down the adoption. In 2006, drives supporting the Layer Jump Recording methods were released by Pioneer itself, Plextor, BenQ, Lite-On, and Sony. The technology was also supported by optical drive chipsets from key manufacturer MediaTek.
The technology is supported by multiple recording software, but also not unanimously supported. Nero, Sonic/Roxio, CyberLink and Ulead Systems claim support for Layer Jump Recording in their software.

</doc>
<doc id="6908096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908096" title="Highway 540 (Georgia)">
Highway 540 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908098" title="Georgia 540">
Georgia 540



</doc>
<doc id="6908101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908101" title="Georgia Route 540">
Georgia Route 540



</doc>
<doc id="6908103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908103" title="Georgia State Highway 540">
Georgia State Highway 540



</doc>
<doc id="6908105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908105" title="To All the Girls I've Loved Before">
To All the Girls I've Loved Before

"To All the Girls I've Loved Before" is a song written by Hal David (words) and Albert Hammond (music). It was originally recorded by Hammond in 1975 on his album "99 Miles From L.A.", but is more famous for a 1984 recording by Julio Iglesias and Willie Nelson, which appeared on Iglesias's album "1100 Bel Air Place". A breakthrough for Iglesias in the English language market, though he had enjoyed a 1981 UK number one with a largely Spanish-language version of Begin The Beguine, the song peaked at No. 5 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and No. 1 on the Canadian "RPM" Top Singles chart. "To All the Girls I've Loved Before" went to number one on the country chart, and was one of two entries on the country chart for Julio Iglesias and Willie Nelson as a duo (the second was "Spanish Eyes", which peaked at No. 8 in late 1988).
Background.
David and Hammond created the song in 1975 and registered it with the US Copyright Office on April 28 of that year. Following Bobby Vinton's recording released on October 9, 1980, the song was registered as published in the US.
Commercial performance.
The song was Iglesias' biggest hit in the United States and Canada, and Nelson's biggest European hit. The record also appeared on the Australian, New Zealand and South African charts. The song has become Iglesias's signature English-language tune, prominently performed at his concerts since the single's release. Thanks to this song, "1100 Bel Air Place" became Iglesias' worldwide best-selling album. In 1984, Nelson and Iglesias were also named "duo of the year" by the Country Music Association, and "To All the Girls I've Loved Before" was named single of the year by the Academy of Country Music.

</doc>
<doc id="6908108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908108" title="Greg Gaultier">
Greg Gaultier



</doc>
<doc id="6908110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908110" title="Georgia Highway 520">
Georgia Highway 520



</doc>
<doc id="6908114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908114" title="Highway 520 (Georgia)">
Highway 520 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908118" title="Georgia 520">
Georgia 520



</doc>
<doc id="6908120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908120" title="Georgia Route 520">
Georgia Route 520



</doc>
<doc id="6908122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908122" title="Georgia State Highway 520">
Georgia State Highway 520



</doc>
<doc id="6908123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908123" title="Lorelei (Mutate)">
Lorelei (Mutate)

Lorelei (Lani Ubana) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Publication history.
The character's first appearance was in "The X-Men" #63 (Dec. 1969), and was created by Roy Thomas and Neal Adams.
The character subsequently appears in "The Avengers" #105 (Nov. 1972), "The Defenders" #15-16 (Sept.–Oct. 1974), "The Uncanny X-Men" #104 (April 1977), "The Champions" #17 (Jan. 1978), "Super-Villain Team-Up" #14 (Oct. 1977), "Marvel Fanfare" #1-4 (March–Sept. 1982), "Captain America" #415-417 (May–July 1993), "X-Men: The Hidden Years" #4 (March 2000), "Cable &amp; Deadpool" #49 (March 2008), and "Marvel Comics Presents" #6-7 (April–May 2008).
Lorelei appeared as part of the "Savage Land Mutates" entry in "The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Deluxe Edition" #11.
Fictional character biography.
Lorelei is a Savage Land native until Magneto turns her into a mutated siren, whose voice can put men into a hypnotic trance, and she is placed in his Savage Land Mutates group. However, the machine that Magneto had used to empower his Savage Land creations is eventually destroyed. As a result, Lorelei lost her siren powers.
Some time later, she was seen with her powers somehow restored. She made a further appearance with the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants.
Years later, Lorelei was seen allied with the High Technician in the Savage Land. She battled Captain America and attempted to hypnotize the Falcon, but was quickly defeated by Diamondback.
Much later, she manipulated Ka-Zar to battle Deadpool. This was part of a mission to expand the dominion of the Savage Land. She uses many of the Land's inhabitants. Deadpool shoots her prehistoric ride and leaves her falling towards a group of dinosaurs. She survives this incident.
Lorelei helps chase out invading mercenaries.
Powers and abilities.
Lorelei can hypnotically paralyze men by singing, or manipulate them and place them under her control. Lorelei could also use her hair to immobilize her opponents, however this power was stripped when her hair was cut by a mercenary.
Other versions.
Ultimate Marvel.
Lorelei has appeared in the Ultimate universe as a member of the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants. She hypnotized Thor into attacking Valkyrie.
She later passes herself off as the mother of the delusional terrorist Multiple Man; both are working for Magneto. The two are killed by Wolverine in the Savage Land during Ultimatum.

</doc>
<doc id="6908124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908124" title="W.K.L. Dickson">
W.K.L. Dickson



</doc>
<doc id="6908125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908125" title="Georgia Highway 515">
Georgia Highway 515



</doc>
<doc id="6908126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908126" title="LWD (logging while drilling)">
LWD (logging while drilling)



</doc>
<doc id="6908129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908129" title="To All The Girls I've Loved Before">
To All The Girls I've Loved Before



</doc>
<doc id="6908132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908132" title="Highway 515 (Georgia)">
Highway 515 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908136" title="House of sin">
House of sin



</doc>
<doc id="6908138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908138" title="Georgia 515">
Georgia 515



</doc>
<doc id="6908142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908142" title="Georgia Route 515">
Georgia Route 515



</doc>
<doc id="6908143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908143" title="Georgia State Highway 515">
Georgia State Highway 515



</doc>
<doc id="6908146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908146" title="Almost Home Free">
Almost Home Free



</doc>
<doc id="6908150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908150" title="Georgia Highway 500">
Georgia Highway 500



</doc>
<doc id="6908151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908151" title="Highway 500 (Georgia)">
Highway 500 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908152" title="Georgia 500">
Georgia 500



</doc>
<doc id="6908158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908158" title="Georgia Route 500">
Georgia Route 500



</doc>
<doc id="6908165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908165" title="Vitebsk Voblast">
Vitebsk Voblast



</doc>
<doc id="6908168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908168" title="Georgia State Highway 500">
Georgia State Highway 500



</doc>
<doc id="6908178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908178" title="Georgia Highway 422">
Georgia Highway 422



</doc>
<doc id="6908179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908179" title="Qinghe County, Hebei">
Qinghe County, Hebei

Qinghe County () is located in the south of Hebei province, China, bordering Shandong province to the east. It is the easternmost county-level division of the prefecture-level city of Xingtai.
Administrative divisions.
Towns:

</doc>
<doc id="6908182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908182" title="Mercernery">
Mercernery



</doc>
<doc id="6908183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908183" title="Highway 422 (Georgia)">
Highway 422 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908184" title="Stella (comedy group)">
Stella (comedy group)

Stella is a comedy trio or comedy troupe consisting of Michael Showalter, Michael Ian Black, and David Wain. The group formed in 1997 as a weekly nightclub comedy attraction, performing at New York City nightclub Fez from 1997 until the club's closing in February 2005. Stella soon gained a wider cult following after a series of self-produced shorts known as the Stella shorts were released in limited quantities on DVD beginning in 2002. The trio later created and starred in a Stella television series in 2005. Now known for their unique blend of potentially mainstream comedy and surrealist humor, Stella has garnered a small but dedicated fanbase.
Beginnings.
Michael Showalter, Michael Ian Black and David Wain met at New York University where they all participated in the school's improv comedy group, Sterile Yak. Other members of Sterile Yak include Thomas Lennon, Kerri Kenney-Silver, Robert Ben Garant, and Joe Lo Truglio ("Reno 911!"). Those members, along with Showalter, Black, and Wain, broke away to form their own comedy troupe, The New Group, which would go on to become the MTV series, "The State". The members of Stella started doing comedy shows at a jazz club called Fez in downtown New York City. Stella performed weekly at Fez and were introduced by their house band called Mr. Blue.
The name.
After "The State" ended, Black, Showalter, and Wain decided to join together and form a stand-up comedy troupe. The group originally performed under the name Midnight Expressions. They changed the name to Stella when they got their first gig at the New York City nightclub, Fez, because the manager who hired them was pregnant at the time, and Stella was to be the name of her daughter. (www.davidwain.com), (The History of Stella)
Short films.
From 1998 to 2004 the troupe produced, wrote, and starred in 27 short films, originally intended for screenings at the group's live stage shows. They quickly became popular after being hosted on the internet through CollegeHumor and have since been distributed freely online by fans on video sharing websites such as YouTube and Dailymotion.
Some of the actors to guest star in the shorts include Sam Rockwell, Paul Rudd, Elizabeth Banks, Julie Bowen, Zach Galifianakis, and Bradley Cooper, as well as several members of Stella's alma mater "The State", such as Joe Lo Truglio.
On December 15, 2008, Stella premiered "Birthday", their first new short since 2004, on My Damn Channel, the website on which cast member David Wain had achieved much success with his show Wainy Days. Both Michael Ian Black, and Michael Showalter appeared in several episodes of Wainy Days. Michael Ian Black played a waiter in the episodes titled "A Woman's Touch," and "Walking Tour," and Michael Showalter played a character named "Landon" in the episode titled "Molly."
Television.
Before ever appearing on Comedy Central, Stella made a pilot to VH1 called Every Night. It was a late night talk show that included sketch comedy, improv, and material from the shortfilms. The show was not picked up by VH1.
Stella had two brief stints on Comedy Central, the first as a one-time "Comedy Central Presents" adaptation of their stage show in 2004.
In 2005, the network commissioned ten half-hour episodes from the group, as the television series "Stella". The resulting episodes were a blend of jokes and vignettes from the Stella shorts combined with plenty of new material, with each episode having an actual plot or story arc holding it all together, a change of pace from the short films which would frequently derail themselves entirely from any semblance of a storyline and make little effort to resolve or arc. As well as starring in the series, the troupe wrote every episode, with Wain directing three. Comedy Central released the complete series on DVD in 2006 which included the complete half-hour "Comedy Central Presents" special, "The History of Stella," and other supplemental features.
Additionally, Showalter and Black returned to Comedy Central in July 2009 in a new show entitled "Michael and Michael Have Issues", which ran for 7 episodes before being cancelled in 2010.
Shout! Factory released a live DVD of the troupe in 2009 titled "Stella: Live In Boston".
Film.
Though Michael Showalter, Michael Ian Black and David Wain have yet to appear in a feature film as their Stella alter-egos, the three have frequently collaborated on a number of feature films, including:
An exception to this is an outtake from "Wet Hot American Summer", in which the trio can be seen in the background of a scene, wearing their Stella attire and humping the body of a downed turkey hunter played by Zak Orth as a reference to the first Stella short, "Turkey Hunting".
The three have also appeared in the movie "Reno 911!: Miami". Showalter and Black appeared as tattoo artists, while Wain played a plumber.
The group filmed their December 11, 2008 performance in Boston at the Wilbur Theatre for Shout Factory's "Live In Boston" DVD.
Comedic style.
David Wain once said about Stella's comedy, "We try not to get too analytical or introspective about our material or what we're doing, we just try to continue to do the best, funniest material we can." (Boston Globe 2004) Critics have described Stella's television series as an "off the cuff Marx Brothers-meets-Monty Python." (Rolling Stone) The members of Stella would admit that their short lived T.V. series had to be toned down tremendously, so much so that their brand of comedy was initially an issue for producers at Comedy Central. Before Stella was given the green light on their television series, a producer asked David Wain if they can be funny without dildos. (History of Stella) A noted aspect of Stella's stand-up routine is when the members of Stella begin to argue with each other onstage. Michael Ian Black once referred to it as, "professional bickering," which some have compared to a "postmodern Smothers Brothers." (Boston Globe) Part of the reason why they do this is because it keeps the audience on their toes. Michael Showalter once said of their onstage bickering, "When people aren't sure if what they're watching is real or not, it kind of creates a tension. We have a certain amount of tension that's very ripe comedically." (Boston Globe)
Frequent contributors.
Stella is also known for casting actors they enjoy working with in many of their projects including:

</doc>
<doc id="6908187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908187" title="Ronald Townson">
Ronald Townson

Ronald Townson (January 29, 1933 – August 2, 2001) was an American vocalist. He was an original member of the 5th Dimension, a popular vocal group of the late 1960s and early 1970s; he is the only original member of the group who is no longer living.
Family background.
Townson was married to Bobette and had two sons, Kim and Kyle. Raised Methodist, he began taking an interest in his wife's Jehovah's Witnesses faith in the early 1980s. Prior to that, it had caused friction within their marriage.
Biography.
Townson was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He started singing at age six and was a featured soloist on various choirs throughout his school years. His grandmother inspired him to sing and his parents arranged for him to have private singing and acting lessons. During high school, he appeared for three seasons in productions of "Bloomer Girl", "Annie Get Your Gun", and "Show Boat". He also won third place in the Missouri State trials for the Metropolitan Opera.
Townson toured with Wings Over Jordan for eight years while still in school and was their choir director for two years. He worked his way through Lincoln University in Jefferson City, Missouri, by conducting the university and church choirs; he also played football and ran track in college. At some stage he was in Canada playing professional football.
Townson left St. Louis to pursue a musical career in Los Angeles. He met Dorothy Dandridge and toured with her for two years, took part in the Samuel Goldwyn motion-picture production of "Porgy &amp; Bess", and toured with Nat King Cole. He also organized and conducted his own 35-voice a cappella choir in Los Angeles.
In 1965, Townson and fellow St. Louis natives Billy Davis Jr. and Lamonte McLemore joined female vocalists Marilyn McCoo and Florence LaRue to form "The Versatiles". The name was a reference to their varied style in music, but producer Johnny Rivers thought the name was outdated. He wanted a newer sounding name for the group, and they soon came up with "The 5th Dimension". They began cutting records for Rivers' Soul City Records music label that year.
In 1976, after ten successful years with the 5th Dimension, Townson left the group. In subsequent years he made a guest appearance on the TV series "Switch", cut records, performed solo, and formed his own group, Ron Townson and Wild Honey. He also managed five-piece soul/funk vocal group Creative Source, who enjoyed moderate success between 1973 and 1977. From 1977 to 1980, he pursued his interest in classical music. With the encouragement of group member Florence LaRue Townson rejoined the 5th Dimension in 1980.
In 1981, he and fellow group members Joyce Wright Pierce, Michael Procter, Florence LaRue, and Lamonte McLemore starred in Fats Waller's "Ain't Misbehavin"' to excellent reviews. In 1990, the original five members of the group reunited for a New Year's Eve performance in Atlantic City, New Jersey. It was a huge success. In 1991, they went on the road for some performances billed as "The Original 5th Dimension". That year, the group received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In 1992, Townson appeared in the Warner Brothers film "The Mambo Kings".
Townson left the 5th Dimension for good in 1997. He involved himself with other business ventures and served on the board of directors of the Cambridge-Kilpatrick Acting School. He was honored at Lincoln University with the school's Distinguished Alumni Award.
Death.
In 1999, Townson moved to Las Vegas and died in his home on August 2, 2001, of kidney failure after a four-year battle with kidney disease. A service was held on August 11, 2001, at the Kingdom Hall of Jehovah's Witnesses.

</doc>
<doc id="6908188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908188" title="Georgia 422">
Georgia 422



</doc>
<doc id="6908195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908195" title="Georgia Route 422">
Georgia Route 422



</doc>
<doc id="6908196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908196" title="Granita (disambiguation)">
Granita (disambiguation)

Granita is an Italian frozen dessert.
Granita may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6908202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908202" title="Georgia State Highway 422">
Georgia State Highway 422



</doc>
<doc id="6908203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908203" title="Nana (live action)">
Nana (live action)



</doc>
<doc id="6908209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908209" title="Georgia Highway 421">
Georgia Highway 421



</doc>
<doc id="6908211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908211" title="MGM Animation">
MGM Animation



</doc>
<doc id="6908213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908213" title="Tekesi County">
Tekesi County



</doc>
<doc id="6908214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908214" title="Mercury-vapor lamps">
Mercury-vapor lamps



</doc>
<doc id="6908215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908215" title="Highway 421 (Georgia)">
Highway 421 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908216" title="Georgia 421">
Georgia 421



</doc>
<doc id="6908218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908218" title="Georgia Route 421">
Georgia Route 421



</doc>
<doc id="6908219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908219" title="Georgia Highway 419">
Georgia Highway 419



</doc>
<doc id="6908222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908222" title="Highway 419 (Georgia)">
Highway 419 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908224" title="Georgia 419">
Georgia 419



</doc>
<doc id="6908225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908225" title="Media in Lethbridge">
Media in Lethbridge

This is a list of media outlets in the city of Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.
Television.
Lethbridge previously received CBC Television from a rebroadcaster of CBRT-DT in Calgary, and Ici Radio-Canada Télé from a rebroadcaster of CBXFT-DT in Edmonton. However, these repeaters went off the air on August 31, 2012 due to budget cuts. Most Lethbridge residents didn't lose access to CBC or Radio-Canada programming, however, as they are still carried on cable.
The incumbent cable television provider in Lethbridge is Shaw Cable. Network programming from the United States is received on cable via affiliates from Spokane, Washington, which is in the Pacific Time Zone. This means American prime time shows on weekdays run from 9PM–12 midnight. Also, except for PBS, HDTV network programming is from Seattle. On digital cable, U.S. network programming (in standard resolution) is available from Detroit in the Eastern Time Zone. Prime time shows on weekdays run from 6PM-9PM.

</doc>
<doc id="6908226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908226" title="Carolyn Wells">
Carolyn Wells

Carolyn Wells (June 18, 1862 — March 26, 1942) was an American mystery author and poet.
Life and career.
Born in Rahway, New Jersey, she was the daughter of William Edmund and Anna Potter Wells (née Woodruff).
After finishing school, she worked as a librarian for the Rahway Library Association. Her first book, "At the Sign of the Sphinx" (1896), was a collection of literary charades. Her next publications were "The Jingle Book" and "The Story of Betty" (1899), followed by a book of verse entitled "Idle Idyls" (1900). After 1900, Wells wrote numerous novels and collections of poetry.
Carolyn Wells wrote a total 170 books. During the first ten years of her career, she concentrated on poetry, humor, and children's books. According to her autobiography, "The Rest of My Life" (1937), she heard "That Affair Next Door" (1897), one of Anna Katharine Green's mystery novels, being read aloud and was immediately captivated by the unraveling of the puzzle. From that point onward, she devoted herself to the mystery genre. Among the most famous of her mystery novels were the Fleming Stone Detective Stories which—according to Allen J. Hubin's "Crime Fiction IV: A Comprehensive Bibliography, 1749–2000" (2003)—number 61 titles. Wells's "The Clue" (1909) is on the Haycraft-Queen Cornerstone list of essential mysteries. She was also the first to conduct a (brief, in this case) annual series devoted to the best short crime fiction of the previous year in the U.S., beginning with "The Best American Mystery Stories of the Year" (1931) (though others had begun a similar British series in 1929).
In addition to books, Wells also wrote for newspapers. Her poetry accompanies the work of some of the leading lights in illustration and cartooning, often in the form of Sunday magazine cover features that formed continuing narratives from week to week. Her first known illustrated newspaper work is a two part series titled "Animal Alphabet", illustrated by William F. Marriner, which appeared in the Sunday comics section of the New York World. Many additional series ensued over the years, including the bizarre classic "Adventures of Lovely Lilly" (New York Herald, 1906–07). The last series she penned was "Flossy Frills Helps Out" (American Weekly, 1942), which appeared after her death.
In 1918 then aged 55, she married Hadwin Houghton (1855–1919). Although it sounds both plausible and romantic, he was not a direct descendent of H.O. Houghton, a founder of the Houghton-Mifflin publishing empire. However, Houghton was a distant cousin and his father, Moses Barnard Houghton was a senior member of the firm. Houghton was a very successful employee of Valentine &amp; Company, a varnish and paint company now known as Valspar. He died in 1919 and her mother died two weeks after.
Wells died at the Flower Fifth Avenue Hospital in New York City in 1942. She is buried in the 
Rahway Cemetery in Rahway, NJ with her husband, parents, and two siblings.
Wells possessed an impressive collection of volumes of poetry by others. She bequeathed her collection of Walt Whitman poetry, said to be one of the most important of its kind for its completeness and rarity, to the Library of Congress.
In 2024, the first-ever biography of Wells, Rebecca Rego Barry's "The Vanishing of Carolyn Wells", was published.
Adult fiction.
Before 1900

</doc>
<doc id="6908227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908227" title="Georgia Route 419">
Georgia Route 419



</doc>
<doc id="6908228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908228" title="Science Hill High School">
Science Hill High School

Science Hill High School is a public high school in Johnson City, Tennessee, United States.
Campus.
The Science Hill/ Liberty Bell/ Freedom Hall complex includes multiple athletic fields, large parking lots, and a -mile walking track that encircles the complex. The athletic facilities include the Freedom Hall Civic Center and Kermit Tipton Stadium
Music.
Science Hill High School's marching band appeared in the 2009 Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena, California. and participants in Bands of America.

</doc>
<doc id="6908229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908229" title="De Condorcet">
De Condorcet



</doc>
<doc id="6908232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908232" title="Akeqi County">
Akeqi County



</doc>
<doc id="6908233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908233" title="Georgia Highway 417">
Georgia Highway 417



</doc>
<doc id="6908236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908236" title="Highway 417 (Georgia)">
Highway 417 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908239" title="Georgia 417">
Georgia 417



</doc>
<doc id="6908240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908240" title="Druts River">
Druts River



</doc>
<doc id="6908241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908241" title="Georgia Route 417">
Georgia Route 417



</doc>
<doc id="6908244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908244" title="Roger L. Green">
Roger L. Green

Roger L. Green (born June 23, 1949) is an American legislator who served in the New York State Assembly for 26 years, from 1981 to 2007 (with a brief interruption in 2004), representing District 57 which, allowing for redistricting adjustments, has primarily comprised the New York City borough of Brooklyn neighborhoods Fort Greene, Clinton Hill, Prospect Heights, Park Slope and Bedford-Stuyvesant. He was the first Muslim member of the Assembly.
Early years.
A native of Brooklyn, Roger L. Green was raised in a family with a long history of participation in the struggles to advance human rights and economic justice. He was educated in the New York City public school system and graduated from Southern Illinois University, where he attained a triple major in Cultural Anthropology, International Affairs and Government. After graduation and return to Brooklyn, he became involved in local politics, joining several civil rights groups and community organizations concerned with the elimination of racism and social injustice. He was raised Baptist but converted to Islam in the early 1970s.
Member of New York State Assembly.
After a historic election that required him to win an unprecedented three primary runoffs, Roger Green was elected to the New York State Assembly in November 1980. He was a member of the State Assembly (57th D.) from 1981 to 2006 (with an interruption in 2004), sitting in the 184th, 185th, 186th, 187th, 188th, 189th, 190th, 191st, 192nd, 193rd, 194th, 195th, and 196th New York State Legislatures. During his tenure in public office, he distinguished himself as an architect of laws, policies and institutions that defined his commitment to civil and human rights within New York State, the nation, and the world community. Beginning in 1981, he participated in numerous mass mobilizations and legislative mobilizations dedicated to the abolition of police brutality. In response to the deaths of Luis Baez, Randolph Evans and Eleanor Bumpurs, Green authored legislation creating the Center for Law and Social Justice at Medgar Evers College. This social justice advocacy organization has become a renowned transformative vehicle for the abolition of racial injustice. The center worked with the New York City Council to author the disparity study, which quantified discriminatory practices within the construction industry.
In 1983, Coretta Scott King and labor leader Cleveland Robinson asked Green to serve as the New York State political coordinator for the Memorial March on Washington. It was during this period that Green authored the bill that established the New York State Martin Luther King Holiday Commission and the bill establishing the New York State Martin Luther King Institute. In 1985 and 1986, in conjunction with the founding of the federal Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Governor Cuomo signed these bills into law.
From 1986 to 1988, Green served his first tenure as chair of the New York State Black and Puerto Rican Legislative Caucus. During his term, the caucus was viewed as the preeminent voice in support of laws designed to reduce and prosecute racial violence. Following the racial killing of Michael Griffith in the Bensonhurst section of Brooklyn, Green joined the Reverend Al Sharpton, Reverend Timothy Mitchell and Reverend Herbert Daughtry in citywide protests entitled the Day of Outrage. After his arrest for civil disobedience, Green returned to Albany and worked with Assemblyman Arthur O. Eve in the co-authorship of the New York State Anti-Bias Bill. This bill was the first comprehensive legislation to include prosecution for violence against members of the gay community. In 1994, Ralph J. Marino, the N.Y. senate majority leader of the Republican Caucus, presented Green and Eve with an opportunity to pass their bill if they would agree to drop "gay rights" language from their proposal. Green, Eve, and other members of the Caucus considered this an unprincipled compromise. During a debate within the Assembly, Green quoted Martin Luther King Jr.'s admonition that "an injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere"… Six years later, following a major "March for Justice" and lobbying effort, the anti-bias bill, authored by Green and Eve, was signed into law. From 1986 to 1991, the New York State Martin Luther King Institute trained more than 1,000 high school and college students through its Ella Baker Academy. Students participating in this program learned the theory and practice of non-violent conflict resolution. Students were also provided with an opportunity to study civil rights and human rights social history.
South Africa and Rwanda.
From 1982 to 1992, Green was actively involved in the global struggle to dismantle apartheid and to establish a free democratic South Africa. Green served as co-sponsor of the State Divestiture Bill, which was authored by Albert Vann. Green also served as political coordinator for the June 14 March Against Apartheid. It was the largest anti-apartheid demonstration in the history of the U.S. After the march, the U.N. Special Commission on Human Rights appointed Green as one of eight U.S. delegates to the World Conference Against Apartheid in Paris, which was organized to develop strategies to eliminate this injustice. After Nelson Mandela was released, Green worked directly with the leadership of the African National Congress, Harry Belafonte, and labor leaders Cleveland Robinson and Jim Bell to formulate the Nelson Mandela Welcoming Committee involved in Mandela’s historic visit to the U.S.
From 1989 to 2005, Green served with distinction as the chair of the Standing Committee on Children and Families in the New York State Legislature. During his tenure, Green authored numerous groundbreaking laws dedicated to protecting the rights of children. During the height of the genocidal conflict within Rwanda, Dr. Vera Makonde, representing survivors of this tragedy who lived in the U.S., urged Green to serve as the chair of the Rwanda Children's Aid Committee. He accepted this responsibility. As chair of the Committee, he raised moral and material support for the children who were orphaned or made refugees as a result of this crisis.
Resignation.
Green resigned his seat on June 1, 2004, after pleading guilty to petty larceny in connection with $3,000 in false travel reimbursement claims. As part of a plea deal, he served three years' probation, was fined $2,000, and had to pay $3,000 in restitution.
Later that year, he ran for the Assembly and was re-elected to the same seat he had held.
2006 Congressional campaign.
In 2006, Green campaigned to unseat 10th congressional district Representative Edolphus Towns On September 12, 2006, Green came in third, losing to both incumbent Ed Towns and City Councilman Charles Barron. On the same day, Hakeem Jeffries, Green's long-time political opponent, was elected to succeed him in the Assembly district which he had retired from to launch his unsuccessful bid for Congress.
Medgar Evers College.
In 2007, shortly after the end of Green's term in the State Legislature, the chancellor of the City University of New York and the president of Medgar Evers College, appointed him as a distinguished lecturer. Green taught a course exploring the historical significance of the freedom amendments — the U.S. Constitution’s 13th, 14th, 15th and 19th — and their influence on state and local government. Green is also the director of the Dubois-Bunche Center on Public Policy, a think tank dedicated to advancing best practices in law, policy, and community covenants for urban justice within the U.S. and throughout the African Diaspora.
Family.
Roger Green is married to labor rights and human rights advocate, Coraminita Mahr; is the father of three children, Corlita, Khalid and Imani; and has one grandchild, Belle. He spends time writing poetry and essays that explore, among other things, the commonalities between diverse people and cultures and the physical, mental, and spiritual well being of the world's children.

</doc>
<doc id="6908246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908246" title="Georgia Highway 415">
Georgia Highway 415



</doc>
<doc id="6908248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908248" title="Highway 415 (Georgia)">
Highway 415 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908250" title="Trois Pistoles (ale)">
Trois Pistoles (ale)



</doc>
<doc id="6908252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908252" title="Georgia 415">
Georgia 415



</doc>
<doc id="6908253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908253" title="Microsoft family features">
Microsoft family features

Microsoft family features (includes family safety features formerly known as Microsoft Family Safety, formerly Parental Controls in Windows 7 and Vista) is a free set of features available on Windows 10 PC and Mobile that is bundled with the Windows 10, Home edition operating system. On July 17, 2020, Microsoft released Microsoft Family Safety on Google Play and App Store (iOS) as well.
Starting in Windows 10, a Microsoft Account is required to use the Microsoft family features. A parent can manage settings for a child if both of their Microsoft Accounts are in the same family. When parents turn on settings for their child, these settings are applied to every device that the child logs into with that Microsoft Account.
Other changes to family safety features in Windows 10 include Windows Store purchase controls and the ability to find a child's Windows 10 Mobile device on a map.
History.
Microsoft has offered family safety features since March 2006 when a preview of Windows Live OneCare Family Safety was first offered to 3000 beta testers. After over a year and a half of testing, the final version was released on November 6, 2007. On December 15, 2008, Microsoft released an updated version 2009 of the software, and rebranded it as Windows Live Family Safety, removing it from the discontinued Windows Live OneCare family of products. Web Filtering and Activity Reporting were previously features in Windows Vista Parental Controls. They were removed from the Windows 7 release when they were moved to Windows Live. On September 30, 2010, Windows Live Family Safety 2011 (Wave 4) was released as part of Windows Live Essentials 2011.
On May 14, 2012, Microsoft announced that Windows Live Family Safety will be renamed to "Microsoft Family Safety" and will be built-in as part of its Windows 8 operating system.
In August 2015, Microsoft Family Safety was renamed Microsoft Family Features and the family features offering was expanded beyond that of just family safety to include Windows Store funding.
On December 16, 2015, Microsoft added new features to Windows 10 which included screen time extensions and the ability to manage settings for both Windows 10 PC and Mobile in one place.
In addition, Microsoft added a unified management center for recent activity, browsing history, app and game purchasing and downloading history and made it possible for a parent account to locate their child's Windows 10 phone.

</doc>
<doc id="6908255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908255" title="Georgia Route 415">
Georgia Route 415



</doc>
<doc id="6908260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908260" title="Albinus Peter">
Albinus Peter



</doc>
<doc id="6908261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908261" title="Georgia Highway 414">
Georgia Highway 414



</doc>
<doc id="6908262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908262" title="Highway 414 (Georgia)">
Highway 414 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908263" title="Georgia 414">
Georgia 414



</doc>
<doc id="6908266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908266" title="Georgia Route 414">
Georgia Route 414



</doc>
<doc id="6908269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908269" title="Georgia State Highway 414">
Georgia State Highway 414



</doc>
<doc id="6908270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908270" title="Georgia Highway 413">
Georgia Highway 413



</doc>
<doc id="6908274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908274" title="Highway 413 (Georgia)">
Highway 413 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908275" title="Kagilik County">
Kagilik County



</doc>
<doc id="6908276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908276" title="Georgia 413">
Georgia 413



</doc>
<doc id="6908277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908277" title="Georgia Route 413">
Georgia Route 413



</doc>
<doc id="6908280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908280" title="Georgia Highway 411">
Georgia Highway 411



</doc>
<doc id="6908281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908281" title="Aliaksandr Kurliandchyk">
Aliaksandr Kurliandchyk

Aliaksandr Kurliandchyk, (born November 25, 1971) is a Belarusian sprint canoer who competed from 2001 to 2006. He won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (C-4 1000 m: 2001) and three bronzes (C-4 200 m: 2005, C-4 1000 m: 2002, 2006).
Kurliandchyk also finished sixth the C-2 500 m event at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="6908282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908282" title="Highway 411 (Georgia)">
Highway 411 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908285" title="Georgia 411">
Georgia 411



</doc>
<doc id="6908286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908286" title="Georgia Route 411">
Georgia Route 411



</doc>
<doc id="6908288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908288" title="St. Vincent's Medical Center (Bridgeport)">
St. Vincent's Medical Center (Bridgeport)

St. Vincent's Medical Center is a 473-bed tertiary care Catholic hospital in Bridgeport, Connecticut, United States. It serves a large population in Southern Connecticut and offers comprehensive and advanced medical services. The hospital is now managed by Hartford HealthCare, which acquired it from Ascension in 2019.
Size and services.
The hospital has a medical staff of 450 physicians and has a total of more than 1,800 employees.
St. Vincent's has an angioplasty program, a bariatric surgery center, and cancer and orthopedic services.
The hospital also has a Family Birthing Center with private rooms for labor, delivery and recovery, a private bathroom and sleeping accommodations for the father, and an entertainment center.
Psychiatric services include an on-site psychiatric unit for acute care and the Hall-Brooke Behavioral Health Services (formerly the independent Hall-Brooke Hospital) an inpatient and outpatient behavioral health facility in Westport, Connecticut.
St. Vincent's is affiliated with Frank H. Netter MD School of Medicine at Quinnipiac University. In 2016 St. Vincent's announced a deal with the Veterans Choice Program to provide health care to veterans.
St. Vincent's College.
St. Vincent's Medical Center ran St. Vincent's College, which offered associate degrees in General Studies, Medical Assisting, Nursing, and Radiography. St. Vincent's College also offered a Bachelor of Science degree in Radiologic Sciences and a RN to BSN program. 
Pharmacy Technician and an RN Refresher.
In 2017, the college was acquired by neighboring Sacred Heart University of Fairfield. It became known as St Vincent's College at Sacred Heart University. In 2024, the college closed and its programs were merged with the college of nursing at Sacred Heart University.
History.
The hospital was founded by the Daughters of Charity religious order and incorporated on May 19, 1903. Its first building had 75 beds and was built at a cost of $250,000. It opened its doors on June 28, 1905; more than 70 patients were treated by the end of that first day. In the 1930s, Sister Mary Flavia Egan, a Daughter of Charity who is possibly the first student to have received a bachelor of science degree in nursing at Georgetown University in 1925, was the principal of its school.
On Easter Sunday, April 17, 1976, a new hospital building opened just behind the original one. That day, William J. Riordan, then president and chief executive officer of the hospital, directed the transfer of 209 patients to the new structure, a building nearly twice the size of the old one.
When the move was made to the new building, the hospital's name was changed from St. Vincent's Hospital to St. Vincent's Medical Center.

</doc>
<doc id="6908289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908289" title="Iselin Vollen Steiro">
Iselin Vollen Steiro



</doc>
<doc id="6908290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908290" title="Tim Trench">
Tim Trench

Tim Trench is a character in the DC Comics universe, who first appeared in "Wonder Woman" v1 #179 (November–December 1968). He was later killed in "52" Week 18 (September 2006).
Fictional character biography.
Tim Trench is a private investigator and ally of Wonder Woman who is based on Sam Spade from "The Maltese Falcon".
Trench is reintroduced in "Detective Comics" #460 (June 1976), depicted as younger and based in St. Louis.
Trench later joins Hero Hotline, but is not depicted as a prominent member. In "52", Trench is killed by Felix Faust.

</doc>
<doc id="6908291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908291" title="Georgia Highway 409">
Georgia Highway 409



</doc>
<doc id="6908293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908293" title="Highway 409 (Georgia)">
Highway 409 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908295" title="Georgia 409">
Georgia 409



</doc>
<doc id="6908297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908297" title="Georgia Route 409">
Georgia Route 409



</doc>
<doc id="6908300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908300" title="Georgia Highway 408">
Georgia Highway 408



</doc>
<doc id="6908303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908303" title="Highway 408 (Georgia)">
Highway 408 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908304" title="Georgia 408">
Georgia 408



</doc>
<doc id="6908305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908305" title="Georgia Route 408">
Georgia Route 408



</doc>
<doc id="6908306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908306" title="Georgia Highway 407">
Georgia Highway 407



</doc>
<doc id="6908307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908307" title="Highway 407 (Georgia)">
Highway 407 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908309" title="Georgia 407">
Georgia 407



</doc>
<doc id="6908310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908310" title="ED2K">
ED2K



</doc>
<doc id="6908313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908313" title="Georgia Route 407">
Georgia Route 407



</doc>
<doc id="6908316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908316" title="Catherine of Valois-Courtenay">
Catherine of Valois-Courtenay



</doc>
<doc id="6908323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908323" title="Jimusaer County">
Jimusaer County



</doc>
<doc id="6908325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908325" title="Georgia Highway 406">
Georgia Highway 406



</doc>
<doc id="6908328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908328" title="Highway 406 (Georgia)">
Highway 406 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908331" title="Georgia 406">
Georgia 406



</doc>
<doc id="6908332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908332" title="Georgia Route 406">
Georgia Route 406



</doc>
<doc id="6908336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908336" title="Georgia Highway 405">
Georgia Highway 405



</doc>
<doc id="6908339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908339" title="Highway 405 (Georgia)">
Highway 405 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908340" title="Georgia 405">
Georgia 405



</doc>
<doc id="6908341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908341" title="Georgia Route 405">
Georgia Route 405



</doc>
<doc id="6908344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908344" title="Stanwood Duval">
Stanwood Duval

Stanwood Richardson Duval Jr. (born February 8, 1942) is a former United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. He was appointed by U.S. President Bill Clinton in 1994.
Early career.
Duval was born to Stanwood Richardson Duval Sr. (1913–2001), and the former Bonnie Parker Faught. He was raised in Houma, the seat of Terrebonne Parish, where his father operated a successful insurance business and was prominent in community affairs. He graduated from Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, in 1964 with a Bachelor of Arts degree, and from the Louisiana State University Law School in 1966 with a Bachelor of Laws. He practiced law from 1966 to 1994 in Houma eventually becoming a senior partner of Duval, Funderburk, Sundbery and Lovell, LP. At the age of 31, Duval served as an elected delegate to the 1973 Louisiana Constitutional Convention, where he served on committees for rules of procedure and for the executive branch. In 1994, he assumed his seat of the federal bench having been confirmed by the U.S. Senate on September 28, 1994. Duval succeeded Judge George Arceneaux, who was Duval's former law partner, who died in office in 1993. He was also the assistant city attorney of Houma from 1970 to 1972 and the attorney for the consolidated Terrebonne Parish government from 1988 to 1993.
Federal judicial service.
Duval was nominated by President Bill Clinton on July 15, 1994, to a seat vacated by Judge George Arceneaux He was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 28, 1994, and received commission on September 29, 1994. 
He served as a member of the Advisory Committee on Appellate Rules to the Judicial Conference of the United States Courts from 1997 to 2003, the Council of the Louisiana Law Institute from 1996 to 2000, and the Fifth Circuit Judicial Council from 2004 to 2007. 
Attorneys evaluating his time on the bench commented that he was "an extremely bright guy and he's very knowledgeable about complex litigation as well as complex business transactions." Some noted that he was "courteous, patient and approachable." "Lawyers who represent both plaintiffs and defendants in civil cases said Duval is neutral. . . . 'He has no leanings that are apparent.'"
He assumed senior status on December 15, 2008. His service terminated on January 31, 2017, due to retirement.
Family connections.
A Democrat, Duval is a nephew of former state Senator Claude B. Duval, (1914–1986), a conservative Democrat who represented mostly Terrebonne and neighboring St. Mary Parish between 1968 and 1980 and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for lieutenant governor. Stanwood Duval's brother, C. Berwick Duval II (born November 1, 1955), is a prominent Houma attorney.
Notable rulings.
Duval issued an injunction in 2000 which barred the State of Louisiana from issuing "Choose Life" vanity automobile license plates, as the legislature had approved in 1999. Duval ruled in favor of Planned Parenthood of America, which took the view that the choice of displaying the plates violated the First Amendment to the United States Constitution because there was no alternative display available for supporters of abortion. Duval's opinion was unanimously reversed by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans on April 13, 2005. A petition for rehearing en banc was filed by the plaintiffs and was denied by an eight to eight vote.
The judge became an object of political consideration in the 2003 gubernatorial campaign, when Republican candidate, Bobby L. Jindal, lashed out at "liberal" judges. According to WWL-TV's website: "A campaign mailing by supporters of . . . Jindal has a New Orleans–based federal judge and members of his Houma family seeing red. The literature, though it doesn't specifically name him, labels U.S. District Judge Stanwood Duval II, as a 'left-wing' jurist."
Most significantly, Duval presided over the litigation arising out of the Hurricane Katrina and the failure of the levee system. The court consolidated over 1,200 cases comprising hundred of thousands of claims and systematically adjudicated the lawsuits." Duval issued rulings in 2005 and 2006 in reference to the constitutional rights of victims of Hurricane Katrina. He extended the time that hurricane evacuees could continue receiving taxpayer-funded hotel stays. In addition to the Katrina rulings, on November 19, 2009, Duval ruled that the Army Corps of Engineers was negligent in maintaining flood protection that resulted in significant flooding during Katrina. On March 3, 2012, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld Duval's ruling, agreeing that the Corps had failed to maintain the Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet.

</doc>
<doc id="6908350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908350" title="Andrew Lewis (boxer)">
Andrew Lewis (boxer)

Andrew Lewis (December 14, 1970 – May 4, 2015) was a Guyanese professional boxer in the Middleweight division and the WBA World Welterweight Champion. He also competed in the men's welterweight event at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Pro career.
Nicknamed "Six Heads", Lewis turned pro in 1993.
WBA Welterweight Championship.
Andrew beat James Page in 2001 to capture the Vacant WBA Welterweight Title. Due to his exciting style and power in both hands, Lewis quickly became a popular fighter on HBO. After defending the title against Larry Marks, he took on Ricardo Mayorga and the bout ended in the 2nd round and was ruled a No contest due to a nasty cut on Lewis caused by accidental headbutt. Lewis's lost the title in a rematch to Mayorga in 2002 via 5th-round TKO.
WBO Welterweight Championship.
In 2003 Lewis challenged WBO Welterweight Champion Antonio Margarito, but was TKO'd in the 2nd round.
Guyanese Light Middleweight Title.
From 2005 to 2007 Lewis battled Denny Dalton in a series of 3 fights for the Guyanese Light Middleweight Title. These fights are most notable due to the controversial and bizarre nature of the ending of the second fight. Ahead on points in the 7th Round Lewis retired from the fight due to an extreme need to defecate blamed on consumption of a pre-fight milkshake.
Lewis returned to the ring almost 12 months to the day from this embarrassment to defeat Dalton and claim the Guyanese Light Middleweight Title. This would prove to be the final victory of his career, which ended in October 2008 when he dropped a split decision to Howard Eastman.
Personal life.
On June 5, 2007 his uncle Abdel Nur surrendered in Trinidad as a suspect in the John F. Kennedy International Airport terror plot. Lewis called his uncle a good Muslim and said he couldn't believe his uncle was involved in the plot. "It must be the wrong person," and also said "My uncle was never into terrorism. He condemned the World Trade Center attacks"
Death.
On 4 May 2015, Lewis, on his bicycle, collided with a Premio car at Hope on the East Bank of Demerara in Guyana. He later succumbed to his severe head injuries at a local hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="6908351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908351" title="Georgia Highway 404 Spur">
Georgia Highway 404 Spur



</doc>
<doc id="6908354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908354" title="Highway 404 Spur (Georgia)">
Highway 404 Spur (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908355" title="Georgia 404 Spur">
Georgia 404 Spur



</doc>
<doc id="6908356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908356" title="Hoshut County">
Hoshut County



</doc>
<doc id="6908357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908357" title="Georgia Route 404 Spur">
Georgia Route 404 Spur



</doc>
<doc id="6908359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908359" title="Georgia State Highway 404 Spur">
Georgia State Highway 404 Spur



</doc>
<doc id="6908361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908361" title="List of Gundam video games">
List of Gundam video games

The popularity of the Japanese anime metaseries "Gundam" since its release in 1979 has resulted in a spread of merchandise across various forms, with video games among them. This is a list of video games that are set in the franchise's various timelines, and are segregated by the console systems they were released for. There are around 250 games, and by March 2004, the series had sold over units. 
For the grid-based tactics games, see the "SD Gundam G Generation" games list. 

</doc>
<doc id="6908362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908362" title="Chigirin Reservoir">
Chigirin Reservoir

Chigirin Reservoir () may refer to one of the following.

</doc>
<doc id="6908370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908370" title="Georgia Highway 404">
Georgia Highway 404



</doc>
<doc id="6908372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908372" title="Highway 404 (Georgia)">
Highway 404 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908373" title="Georgia 404">
Georgia 404



</doc>
<doc id="6908374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908374" title="Georgia Route 404">
Georgia Route 404



</doc>
<doc id="6908375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908375" title="Andrew &quot;Six Heads&quot; Lewis">
Andrew &quot;Six Heads&quot; Lewis



</doc>
<doc id="6908377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908377" title="Georgia Highway 403">
Georgia Highway 403



</doc>
<doc id="6908378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908378" title="Highway 403 (Georgia)">
Highway 403 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908379" title="Georgia 403">
Georgia 403



</doc>
<doc id="6908380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908380" title="Georgia Route 403">
Georgia Route 403



</doc>
<doc id="6908384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908384" title="Albinus Peter Graves">
Albinus Peter Graves

Brother Albinus Peter Graves, F.S.C., (October 15, 1887 – October 11, 1964) was an American Lasallian Brother who was last posted to the De La Salle Brothers in the Philippines and was a President of De La Salle College in Manila.
Early life.
He was born Arthur Jacob Graves on October 15, 1887, in Minneapolis, Minnesota. During his early years, he was educated in Catholic schools and while he has expressed his desire to serve as a De La Salle Brother, his father did not allow him to do so. When he was 20 years old, he ran away from home and went to the novitiate in Pocantico Hills, New York. By the time his father knew where he was, he had already accepted his son's decision.
In 1907, Brother Graves received the religious habit and was given the religious name of Albinus Peter.
Early assignments.
In the immediate years after Graves' reception of the habit, Br. Peter was posted in Connecticut and New York. In 1909 he was posted at the Christian Brothers school in Hartford, Connecticut, and in 1911 he was assigned to St. John's Academy in Utica, New York. In 1913 he was then posted to St. James's Academy in Brooklyn.
Assignment to the Philippines.
In 1918 Brother Peter volunteered for the Christian Brothers' overseas mission to the Philippines, and in January 1919 he arrived in Manila. He was 32 years old and was named Director of De La Salle College. In his first year of Directorship, he oversaw the construction of the new site of the College on Taft Avenue. Thus, in 1921, he transferred the school from Calle Nozaleda in Paco to Taft Avenue. It was also during this time that the title of President was used for the chief executive officer of the College.
Graves negotiated the sale of the Paco lot, which was bought from the Perez-Samanillo family, to Vicente Madrigal with the agreement that the sale included the wrought iron gate of the compound. Br. Peter insisted that the gate cost extra and threatened to have it dismantled and brought to Taft Avenue if Madrigal did not pay extra for it. The gate now stands at Fort Santiago in Intramuros. Br. Peter also donated the marble altar of the new College's chapel, which he financed from the inheritance that he received.
Assignment to Malaya.
After his term as President, Graves was assigned to Singapore for rest; he was then assigned as Director of the Saint George School in Malaya, and then Director of the school at Mandalay in Burma. After a year, he was reassigned to Penang in British Malaya and was reappointed Director in 1925. In 1927 he was reassigned to Manila to teach Mathematics in the high school department and then back again to Penang as Sub-Director of the Junior novitiate.
Return to the Philippines.
Br. Peter was reassigned to Manila in 1930 for good. During World War II, he was interned by the Japanese Imperial Forces at the Internment Camp at Los Baños together with other Allied Brothers and Religious. He was rescued by American forces in 1945 and went on an eight-month vacation. On December 16, 1945, Br. Peter returned to Manila to re-establish the College.
In 1951, the De La Salle Brothers in the Philippines opened a novitiate and Graves was appointed Sub-Director and taught Theology and Church History, among other subjects.
Death.
On November 23, 1968, Graves was brought to the Manila Medical Center after complaining of chest pains and died four days later.

</doc>
<doc id="6908386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908386" title="Georgia Highway 402">
Georgia Highway 402



</doc>
<doc id="6908389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908389" title="Highway 402 (Georgia)">
Highway 402 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908391" title="Georgia 402">
Georgia 402



</doc>
<doc id="6908393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908393" title="A. Peter Graves">
A. Peter Graves



</doc>
<doc id="6908395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908395" title="Georgia Route 402">
Georgia Route 402



</doc>
<doc id="6908399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908399" title="Peter Jacob Graves">
Peter Jacob Graves



</doc>
<doc id="6908401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908401" title="Georgia Highway 401">
Georgia Highway 401



</doc>
<doc id="6908403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908403" title="Br. Peter Graves FSC">
Br. Peter Graves FSC



</doc>
<doc id="6908404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908404" title="Highway 401 (Georgia)">
Highway 401 (Georgia)



</doc>
<doc id="6908406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6908406" title="Georgia 401">
Georgia 401



</doc>
