<doc id="7038536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038536" title="Sheboygan Lutheran High School">
Sheboygan Lutheran High School

Sheboygan Lutheran High School is a private secondary school in Sheboygan, Wisconsin near the University of Wisconsin–Sheboygan campus on the city's southwest side. It is operated by the Lutheran High School Association of the Greater Sheboygan Area, Inc., an association of Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod (LCMS) congregations in the Sheboygan area.
History.
The school was opened in 1978. The school dedicated its first building in 1980 and has added numerous additions to the campus. In 2011, it opened Neat Repeats Thrift Shop, a community thrift shop in Plymouth, Wisconsin, to benefit the school.
Religious background.
Sheboygan Lutheran High School is affiliated with the Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod, but welcomes students from all faiths, denominations, and backgrounds.
Curriculum.
Sheboygan Area Lutheran High School offers a Christian-based, college preparatory curriculum.
Athletics.
The school's sports teams compete in the WIAA and the school belongs to the Big East Conference.
Fall sports: boys' soccer (combined team with Sheboygan County Christian High School, Division 4 champions 2021, Division 4 runners-up 2022), boys' American football (combined team with Sheboygan County Christian High School and Kohler High School with home games played at Kohler's field), girls' volleyball, boys' cross country (Division 3 champions 2004, 2005, and 2006), girls' cross country (Division 3 runners-up 2008), and girls' swimming
Winter sports: boys' basketball (2011-12 &amp; 2018-19 Division 5 champions), girls' basketball
Spring sports: girls' softball, boys' track, girls' track, boys' golf, girls' soccer and co-ed trap shooting
Summer sports: boys' baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="7038544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038544" title="2xist">
2xist



</doc>
<doc id="7038554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038554" title="Sierra del torcal">
Sierra del torcal



</doc>
<doc id="7038557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038557" title="Austin Sunday">
Austin Sunday



</doc>
<doc id="7038563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038563" title="George Sheldon (writer)">
George Sheldon (writer)

George Sheldon (born December 21, 1951) is an American freelance writer, journalist and author.
Background.
George Sheldon was born in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, as the sole child of George G. Sheldon and June L. Warfel Sheldon. His parents are of both German and Scots-Irish descent. Because of this background and connections with many previous Lancaster County ancestors, Sheldon often refers to himself as "Pennsylvania Dutch" or a "Pennsylvania Dutchman."
Sheldon is a Pennsylvania York Rite Freemason. He is an active member of Lodge No. 43, in Lancaster, PA. In addition, he is a member of the Valley of Lancaster and the Valley of Harrisburg, a Consistory of the Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, Northern Masonic Jurisdiction.
Sheldon is a member of the Society of Professional Journalists. He is also the cofounder of the Central Pennsylvania Writers Organization (CPWO).
Writing.
Before launching his writing career, Sheldon served as a sworn municipal police officer in Pennsylvania. He became the Chief of Police of North Londonderry Township Police Department in Lebanon County. He later worked as a newspaper correspondent for the Lancaster Newspapers for over five years. As a writer, Sheldon built a long line of credits and eventually authored over 1,000 articles.
Publications.
One of Sheldon's earlier books, "When the Smoke Cleared at Gettysburg," published by Cumberland House in 2003, was a Washington "Post" bestseller.
As of 2009, Sheldon has published over 30 books. Recent book titles include:
Future publications.
Sheldon is currently working on a true crime book and also a history book about the Molly Maguires. Sheldon is known to work on several books at the same time while working on multiple projects for his clients. While other authors work on one book at a time until completion, Sheldon often does not.
Other works.
Sheldon is also a noted speaker and sometimes provides editorial consultation and training. He has worked as a technical editor and a ghostwriter on a freelance basis. He teaches writing and related subjects at workshops, seminars and conferences. His personal website has been online since 1995. He is also an active blogger, and in January 2009, launched The Scribbler, a blog about true crime writing.
Sheldon also presents a seminar called Get Your Book Published! that assists future book authors in getting published.
In early 2006, Sheldon established Quaker Hills Books, his own imprint, to publish local history topics. The press currently has released five titles.

</doc>
<doc id="7038564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038564" title="V7">
V7

V7 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7038573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038573" title="Vincentian Sisters of Charity">
Vincentian Sisters of Charity

The Vincentian Sisters of Charity were an American religious congregation of Religious Sisters founded in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1902 to serve the Slovak American immigrant population in Pennsylvania.
History.
Their foundation started with the request of the Rev. Adalbert Kazincy, pastor of St. Michael Parish in Braddock, Pennsylvania, made to the Sisters of Charity of St. Vincent de Paul in Slovakia for help with caring for the children of the large Slovak immigrant population then arriving to seek work in the steel mills of Western Pennsylvania.
In response to this request, a small band of pioneer Sisters emigrated to the United States from Szatmar, in the Kingdom of Hungary, under the leadership of Mother Emerentiana Handlovits, their appointed Superior. These five Sisters of Charity of St. Vincent de Paul, subsequently known as the Vincentian Sisters of Charity, were dedicated to serving God through teaching and ministering to the sick. Their primary mission was to work among the vast number of Slovak immigrants in the area.
They arrived in the United States in 1902 and the Sisters immediately began teaching in the parish school, living in a rented house provided by the parish. Within two years, the parishioners of St. Michael's built them a small convent. Young local girls interested in a religious life began to inquire about entering the new congregation. In response to this interest, a novitiate was established and the first American candidate was admitted on 2 January 1905.
In addition to teaching children in parochial schools, the Sisters began Vincentian High School (now Vincentian Academy) and began to serve the elderly, opening several nursing homes: the Vincentian Home, Villa de Marillac, Regency Hall Nursing Home and Adult Day Care and Marian Manor. These facilities were organized into the Vincentian Collaborative System, which began to offer a range of levels of care.
The membership and work of the congregation quickly grew from teaching children in the parochial schools of southwestern Pennsylvania and the founding of Vincentian Academy to establishing hospitals, long-term healthcare facilities, and a child development center. Eventually their ministries expanded throughout the United States, including work among the impoverished African Americans in Alabama, then in Canada and later Peru.
Dissolution.
In 2001 discussions were begun by the Vincentian Sisters with the Sisters of Charity of Nazareth, founded in Kentucky in 1812, regarding the possibility of their merger into the Nazareth congregation. When asked why did the two communities merge, Sister Teresa Novak, President of Vincentian Collaborative Services, said "As Vincentian Sisters, our numbers were decreasing and the Sisters wanted to insure that the charism and mission of St. Vincent and St. Louise begun here in Western Pennsylvania in 1902 would continue."
Western Province Vice-Provincial Brenda Gonzales, SCN, observed that this is one of the trends in religious life today. “It is out of necessity and a calling to be better stewards of our resources. We have finite resources and personnel. By joining together we focus on what is important – ministries and mission. By coming together we can do more.”
The members of both congregations approved the merger, and on 15 November 2008, 109 Vincentian Sisters of Charity transferred their religious vows, becoming Sisters of Charity of Nazareth. The Pittsburgh Sisters serve in the dioceses of Cleveland and Steubenville, Ohio; Madison, Wis.; Montgomery, Ala.; Venice, Fla.; St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada; and Greensburg and Pittsburgh, Pa.

</doc>
<doc id="7038588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038588" title="Grand Prix du Disque">
Grand Prix du Disque



</doc>
<doc id="7038591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038591" title="Leonella Sgorbati">
Leonella Sgorbati

Leonella Sgorbati, born Rosa Maria Sgorbati, (9 December 1940 – 17 September 2006) was an Italian religious sister of the Consolata Missionaries who served in the missions in both Kenya and in Somalia. She was murdered in Somalia not long after the Regensburg lecture of Pope Benedict XVI and after having worked on the continent for over three decades. Her main attention was on nursing and educating prospective nurses while she also tended to the needs of children in a children's hospital that she frequented.
In 2008 her cross was deposited in the San Bartolomeo all'Isola church. She was beatified on 26 May 2018 in Piacenza.
Life.
Rosa Maria Sgorbati was born on 9 December 1940 in Gazzola near Piacenza as the last of three children to Carlo Sgorbati and Giovannina (called Teresa) Vigilini. Her baptism was celebrated moments after her birth in the San Savino parish church. The Sgorbati family later relocated to Milan on 9 October 1950 for her father to find work; he died on 16 July 1951.
In her teens, she desired to become a religious sister working in the missions, though (at age sixteen when she announced it) her mother did not approve of this choice and asked that she wait until she turned 20. At time, she joined the Consolata Missionary Sisters in San Fre in Cuneo on 5 May 1963, began her postulancy on 20 May, and her novitiate on 21 November 1963 in Nepi and took the religious name "Leonella". She made her initial profession of vows on 22 November 1965 and her perpetual profession in November 1972. 
African mission.
Sgorbati underwent a nursing course in England from 1966 until 1968 before being sent in September 1970 to Kenya. From 1970 until 1983 she served at the Consolata Hospital Mathari in Nyeri and at the Nazareth Hospital in Kiambu on the outskirts of Nairobi acting as a midwife for a time. In mid-1983 she started her advanced studies in nursing and in 1985 became the principal tutor at the school of nursing attached to Nkubu Hospital in Meru. In November 1993 she was elected as the regional superior of the order in Kenya and retained the position until 1999. She took a sabbatical in 2000 and then in 2001 spent several months in Mogadishu in Somalia looking at the potential for a new nursing school in the hospital that the SOS Children's Village managed. The "Hermann Gmeiner School of Registered Community Nursing" opened in 2002 with Sgorbati in charge of it. The first 34 nurses graduated from the school in 2002 with the World Health Organization awarding them with certificates and diplomas since Somalia had no government after 1991. At that stage, Sgorbati spoke Somali fluently.
She was also keen to train tutors for the nursing school and so returned to Kenya with three of her now-graduated nurses in order to register them for further training at a medical training college. But Sgorbati faced difficulties in obtaining her own re-entry visa to Mogadishu due to the new rules of the Islamic courts that now controlled the town and its environs. She did manage to return to Mogadishu on 13 September 2006 after having vacationed in her homeland that February.
Murder.
On 17 September 2006 Sgorbati was gunned down outside her children's hospital just after 12:30 pm when she finished teaching and was crossing the road to go to the monastery, where three other sisters were waiting to have lunch with her. Her guard and driver Mohamed Osman Mahamud (a father of four) was also killed. 
The attack was believed to be in response to the controversial comments that Pope Benedict XVI had made in his Regensburg lecture. Several humanitarian workers and Christian volunteers were slain around this time. Two gunmen emerged from taxis and kiosks and shot her in the back three or four times after the first bullet hit her thigh. Her guard shielded her and was struck down after opening fire with the attackers. One bullet had entered her back and severed an artery which caused a severe and instant hemorrhage. Sgorbati was rushed to the SOS Hospital but later died there on the operating table. Her final words were "I forgive; I forgive; I forgive" which she whispered to Sr. Marzia Feurra. It was at 3 pm that a plane came to take her remains to Nairobi where it arrived at 9 pm; her remains were taken to the Lee Funeral Home.
The morning she died she was upset at the backlash that the pope had received from his address in Regensburg. She went out in the morning to the nursing school and at the end of her lessons in the afternoon smiled at her guard and driver who waited for her outside. The distance across the road was nine meters but the pair made it around five or so meters when the attack occurred. En route to the hospital she was pale and feverish with transfusions being made as she sweated from the pain and blood loss. In the ambulance van, she remarked to Sisters Gianna Irene Peano and Marzia that she was "struggling to breathe".
Somalian officials vowed justice for the nun's murder with two suspects arrested and Somalia's Islamic Courts Union launching their own investigations into the murder (the motive is still unknown); Yusuf Mohamed Siad of the UIC said that two suspects were arrested. Federico Lombardi said that the killing was a "horrible act" which he hoped would remain an isolated case and would not become something widespread in the region. The papal nuncio Alain Paul Charles Lebeaupin said that it was unclear whether or not her death could be attributed to religious extremism.
Funeral and exhumation.
The funeral was celebrated on 21 September in the Consolata Chapel in Nairobi with the Bishop of Djibouti Giorgio Bertin presiding. The Italian ambassador to Kenya was present as was the Kenyan United Nations representative. In his remarks Bertin said that she stressed a message of love and togetherness adding that "together life is possible". Her colleague at the mission in Kenya (Sr. Rose) remarked at her funeral that "she was ever so generous" to all she met and worked alongside. Her remains were buried in Nairobi and later exhumed for canonical inspection on 30 September 2017 before being placed in a chapel in Nairobi (Flora Hostel Chapel) and then buried in December there.
Recognition.
Pope Benedict XVI referred to the slain sister as a "servant of love" in his speech after the Angelus prayer to 3000 people at Castel Gandolfo.
On 13 October 2008 a Mass was celebrated for the occasion of the cross that she wore being transferred to the San Bartolomeo all'Isola church in Rome. Pope Francis venerated her cross relic on his visit to the church on 22 April 2017.
Beatification.
The diocesan process was held in Mogadishu from its inauguration on 16 October 2013 until its solemn closure not long after on 15 January 2014. The Congregation for the Causes of Saints validated this diocesan investigation on 19 September 2014. Pope Francis confirmed on 8 November 2017 that Sgorbati was killed "in odium fidei" ("in hatred of the faith").
The beatification took place on 26 May 2018 in Piacenza with Cardinal Angelo Amato presiding over the celebration on the behalf of the pope. The Archbishop of Milan Mario Enrico Delpini was also in attendance as was the Bishop of Piacenza-Bobbio Gianni Ambrosio. The postulator for this cause is the Renata Conti MC.

</doc>
<doc id="7038600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038600" title="The Dooley and Pals Show">
The Dooley and Pals Show

The Dooley and Pals Show, sometimes shortened to just Dooley and Pals, is an American children's television series.
The main character is Dooley, a friendly alien who has landed in a backyard on Earth. He explores the planet with the children of the neighborhood as his guides. The show is meant to teach moral values and educational basics to preschoolers.
The secular version is produced by the Michael Gerber-fronted Victory Television for South Carolina ETV, while one of Victory's shareholders, the Channel Islands-based Wardley Investments, Ltd., produced a 2002 repackaging of the original PBS program, albeit with religious messages.
Development and production.
"Dooley", originally called "Dinky," was first developed in the late 1980s by Mark Riddle and Kevin Barry. The concept was pitched to several production companies, including Hanna-Barbera. Along with Gary Zeidenstein, Riddle and Barry eventually formed Mr. Z's Animation and Production Corp, and along with Scripps Howard Broadcasting produced ten television pilots at WCET, PBS's Cincinnati outlet. The ten pilots for the series (then called "The Dooley Show") aired in 25 PBS stations between July 15 and August 31, 1996. This first "Dooley" series won three Emmys. While some ideas used in the pilots would later return in "The Dooley and Pals Show", the basic premise, and Dooley himself, differed greatly. The original Dooley was a green lizard-like creature. According to the pilots' press release he was "species unknown... he's just a friend, another kid, but not from this world... he was born on a star." The ten pilots found Maxx (then played by Caralyn Collar) and her six friends playing with Dooley in the attic of Maxx's home. Other characters included Coach (a barn owl), Chatter (a squirrel), Polly (an opossum), and Parker (a bird). Maxx's grandmother, as well as a magical mail carrier, were also featured strongly. Dooley was originally played by Ken Jones. Jones served as the head writer for the series as well as the voice for Dooley and other characters including Coach and Cosmos. Suzanne Fitzpatrick served as the supervising producer during the development of the series at Disney/MGM Studios transitioning Dooley from the original 'dinosaur' concept to the space boy. The secular version is syndicated to educational and PBS member stations by South Carolina ETV. The show was later purchased by MGM Studios/Walt Disney Company and was produced in Orlando, Florida until 2003 when production was canceled.

</doc>
<doc id="7038602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038602" title="V9">
V9

V9 or V09 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7038603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038603" title="Decendant">
Decendant



</doc>
<doc id="7038614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038614" title="Rojas Zorrilla">
Rojas Zorrilla



</doc>
<doc id="7038618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038618" title="Derrick Wimbush">
Derrick Wimbush

Derrick Wimbush (born August 26, 1980) is an American former professional football fullback. He attended Fort Valley State University located in Fort Valley, Georgia. Wimbush finished his senior season at Fort Valley State with 1,840 rushing yards and 22 touchdowns and his career with 3,188 rushing yards. Wimbush was runner up for the 2004 Harlon Hill Trophy given to best player in NCAA Division II. During his brief career with the Jacksonville Jaguars, Wimbush rarely carried the ball, however his blocking, and his play on special teams has contributed to a highly skilled, rushing attack from the Jaguars. In 2016, Wimbush signed with the Georgia Firebirds of American Indoor Football (AIF). He also played for the Georgia Firebirds of the National Arena League (NAL).

</doc>
<doc id="7038628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038628" title="Moors Valley Railway">
Moors Valley Railway

The Moors Valley Railway is a narrow gauge passenger railway, in the Moors Valley Country Park at Ashley Heath, Dorset, England near Ringwood in Hampshire. There are 20 steam locomotives and 2 diesel locomotives. The railway is fully signalled, with two signal boxes, one in a Great Western Railway style and one in a British Rail Southern Region style. The latter box also contains a mini lever frame and push button panel, for the control of the Lakeside area. The railway was constructed at its present location in 1985/86 and opened to the public in July 1986, after the closure in 1985 of its predecessor at Tucktonia in nearby Christchurch, which had run since 1979.
Moors Valley uses a narrow gauge prototype to produce tank locomotives in which one may sit, allowing running during the harshest of conditions, so much so that it runs throughout the year. A further benefit of the style of locomotives built to this prototype is that, unlike models, and standard gauge 7 inch locomotives, the locomotives used on the Moors Valley Railway are considerably more powerful due to the increased boiler size that can be achieved through almost freelance prototypes.
Roger Marsh was a pioneer of this principle and built Tinkerbell; when this was spotted a tank locomotive, Talos, was ordered and so started the Tinkerbell-class of locomotives. Coincidentally, when Tinkerbell was seen for sale, it was purchased by the then Tucktonia Railway, becoming its second locomotive. Several more were built at Tucktonia, several far more powerful than previous locomotives, before everything was moved to Moors Valley Railway.
Moors Valley Railway owns approximately 12 locomotives and a further 7 are privately owned. "Hartfield" is the most recent addition, being purchased from an owner who rarely used the locomotive. 'Hartfield' follows the general idea of "Jason" (a Tinkerbell variation) as per many other private locomotives.
There are many other tender locomotives such as "Offa", almost certainly the most powerful 7 inch gauge locomotive in existence until recently. Including certain privately owned locomotives such as "Athelstan" or "Thor", which is the largest locomotive on the railway.
The carriages at Moors Valley have no roof, but have a bench in the centre to sit on. Each carriage is approximately eight feet long. There are four rakes of eight carriages, in green, brown, olive and red liveries.
Special events.
The MVR holds a number of special events throughout the year, showcasing their own, and visiting locomotives. These events include;
Tinkerbell Weekend.
The MVR often hosts a Tinkerbell Weekend, with several visiting locomotives. The premise of the Tinkerbell Weekend is to gather as many examples of the Tinkerbell-style locomotives as possible at the railway, as it is the home of the "first" Tinkerbell class locomotive. In 2018 Tinkerbell was 50 years old, and the event was held in place of the Autumn gala, in late September to celebrate the locomotive's anniversary.
Grand Summer Gala.
The Grand Summer Gala is the railway's largest event. It features the entire home fleet of locomotives in operation. Alongside the standard passenger trains, demonstration freight trains are run, featuring the railway's large fleet of freight and permanent way stock. The gala also sees the usage of a number of heritage coaches from the Tucktonia railway, albeit not on passenger duties. All of the locomotives in steam take part and follow each other around the track in a parade lap on the Sunday morning.
Other features of the gala include parades of full-size and miniature steam traction engines, a display of classic cars and a model railway exhibition in our carriage sheds.
Autumn Gala.
Every year in September, the railway holds an Autumn Gala - smaller than the summer gala - but still with an intensive and varied service. In 2016, the autumn gala was themed to celebrate the railways 30th anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="7038640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038640" title="Semi-dwarf IR36">
Semi-dwarf IR36

Semi-dwarf IR36 is a hybrid rice variety developed by Gurdev Khush.
History.
By cross-breeding together IR8 with 13 parent varieties from six nations, Dr. Khush developed IR36, a semi-dwarf variety that proved highly resistant to a number of the major insect pests and diseases that raised farmers' rice yields and drove down prices of the staple food for Asian families. IR36 matures rapidly – 105 days compared to 130 days for IR8 and 150–170 days for traditional types – and produces the slender grain preferred in many countries. The combination of these characteristics soon made IR36 one of the most widely planted food crop varieties worldwide in just a few years. About 110,000 km² were planted with IR36 worldwide in 1981, a success which Dr. Khush topped with IR64 and again with IR72 in 1990.
The variety was one of many of the Green Revolution which replaced many local strains and genetic diversity previously found in rice paddies. It is estimated that over 100,000 local strains were grown in 1960, which have been largely replaced by hybrid varieties.

</doc>
<doc id="7038641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038641" title="Commerce Square">
Commerce Square

Commerce Square is a Class-A, high-rise office building complex in Center City Pennsylvania. Commerce Square consists of One and Two Commerce Square, two identical 41-story office towers high that surround a paved courtyard of .
Architecturally, the granite-clad towers feature setbacks on the north and south sides of the building and are topped with a pair of stone diamonds with cutout squares in the center. The towers were built as part an office-building boom Philadelphia was experiencing on West Market Street in the late 1980s. Designed by IM Pei &amp; Partners (now called Pei Cobb Freed &amp; Partners), the towers were developed in a joint venture between Maguire Thomas Partners and IBM.
IBM leased more than half of One Commerce Square for the company's Mid-Atlantic headquarters. Construction of the first phase, which included One Commerce Square, the plaza, and retail space, began in 1985 and was completed in 1987. The project's second phase, Two Commerce Square, did not begin until a lead tenant was secured for the building in 1990. Consolidated Rail Corporation (Conrail) agreed to be Two Commerce Square's lead tenant and make the skyscraper its corporate headquarters after a two-year search for office space in the region. Two Commerce Square ended the skyscraper construction boom of the 1980s when it was completed in 1992. No other office skyscraper was built in Philadelphia until Brandywine Realty Trust (NYSE: BDN) built the Cira Centre in 2005.
In the 1990s, Commerce Square's lead tenants reduced their presence dramatically in the towers. IBM moved some of its operations out of Philadelphia in the early 1990s, and Conrail was bought by Norfolk Southern Railway and CSX Transportation later in the decade. Almost all of Conrail's operations were moved out of Philadelphia by the 2000s. Commerce Square was praised mainly for its design of two towers surrounding a plaza. Renowned Philadelphia urban planner Edmund N. Bacon praised Commerce Square and its plaza by saying it "will prove to be one of the finest commercial projects to be built in this century".
History.
Commerce Square was part of an office-building boom that took place in the late 1980s in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. During the boom numerous skyscrapers were constructed in the West Market Street neighborhood of Center City. The US$300 million development of Commerce Square was led by Robert F. Maguire III, co-managing partner of Maguire Thomas Partners of Los Angeles. To get his project moving, Maguire engaged the architectural firm IM Pei &amp; Partners (now called Pei Cobb Freed &amp; Partners) to design the complex. Using a design by a leading architectural firm as incentive, Maguire approached IBM, a company he had past associations with.
By early November 1984, after negotiations with Maguire, IBM agreed to be a joint partner in the development. IBM also agreed to serve as the lead tenant for One Commerce Square, occupying about half the building as its headquarters for the Mid-Atlantic region. Commerce Square would be split between two buildings, One Commerce Square being built first, and the second tower, Two Commerce Square, being built later once a lead tenant was secured. Plans for Commerce Square were officially announced on November 16, 1984 at a press conference held by Maguire and IBM at the Bellevue-Stratford Hotel. The first phase of the project included One Commerce Square, retail and restaurant space, a plaza, and an underground parking garage. Construction began with the first phase on June 10, 1985. One Commerce Square was topped off with a ceremony on June 6, 1986, and the skyscraper officially opened on October 23, 1987.
In 1987 the Consolidated Rail Corporation (Conrail) indicated it wanted to consolidate its offices spread out across Philadelphia into one office building. In May 1988, Conrail solicited proposals from developers for a building to house its corporate headquarters. On March 30, 1990, after being sought after by numerous developers in Philadelphia and its suburbs, Conrail announced that it would be leasing 27 floors of Two Commerce Square. With a lead tenant secured, construction of the identical tower commenced in July 1990. Two Commerce Square was completed in July 1992 and Conrail began moving in approximately 3,000 employees in September of that year. Two Commerce Square marked the end of the skyscraper boom of the 1980s, being the last office skyscraper to be built in Philadelphia until the Cira Centre in 2005.
After the office-building boom of the 1980s, the 1990s saw an office glut that resulted in numerous vacancies and reduced leasing rates throughout Center City. In 1993 IBM, struggling financially, was shrinking its workforce and consolidating its operations nationwide, and its plans included moving some of its local employees out of the city. Though IBM had initially occupied nearly half of One Commerce Square, by 1993 it was using only one-fifth of the building. In 1996, Maguire Thomas Partners split up, leaving the ownership of Commerce Square to Thomas Properties Group Inc. alone. After the split, Thomas Properties renegotiated mortgage financing of the Commerce Square towers. Thomas Properties Group successfully renegotiated the debt for Two Commerce Square with Bank of America, but was unable to renegotiate the debt with One Commerce Square's prime mortgage holder, Mitsubishi Trust and Banking Corporation. To break the deadlock, Philadelphia Plaza Associates filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Thomas Properties Group was then the parent company of Philadelphia Plaza Associates which owned Commerce Square.
Philadelphia Plaza Associates emerged from bankruptcy reorganization early in 1998, but the company still had concerns about filling the space soon to be vacated by Conrail. In October 1996 Conrail was bought by Norfolk Southern Railway and CSX Transportation. The merger was concluded in May 1998 and the former Conrail offices and employees began to be moved out of the building. In the merger deal, CSX Transportation absorbed Conrail's 15-year lease. CSX was responsible for paying the lease, but the of space was subleased, offsetting the cost. Between 1999 and 2000, as Conrail offices were phased out of Two Commerce Square, Thomas Properties filled the newly vacated space with new tenants.
Architecture.
Located on West Market Street in Center City Philadelphia, Commerce Square comprises twin 41-story office towers designed by Henry N. Cobb and Douglas Gardner of IM Pei &amp; Partners. Commerce Square covers an entire block, between 20th and 21st Streets and Market Street and John F. Kennedy Boulevard. Commerce Square contains , which includes of office space, lobby, and a , 625 car parking garage. The pale-gray granite-clad skyscrapers feature setbacks on the north and south sides of the building, with the bottom floors containing and the upper floors . The floors feature a large amount of floor space, a design influenced by IBM's needs in the 1980s. The two towers are topped with a pair of standing stone diamonds with cutout squares in the center.
The towers are separated by a paved courtyard. Tables and chairs are arranged around a large pink granite circular fountain in the plaza's center. The plaza was designed by Laurie Olin of Hanna/Olin Ltd. Impressed by Commerce Square's plaza, Philadelphia's city planning commission included influences from the complex in a new building code governing open space.
Reception.
Commerce Square was praised for its design of two towers surrounding a plaza. "The Philadelphia Inquirer" said "Its most positive aspect is that it avoids the developers' cliches of atriums and shopping malls and makes a real urban place. It expresses great confidence in Philadelphia, and even more important, in the whole idea of living in cities." Renowned Philadelphia urban planner Edmund N. Bacon praised Commerce Square and its plaza by saying "[Olin's] sensitivity for urban design is beautifully demonstrated by his design for the lobby level, including the splendid garden, of Commerce Square at 20th and Market streets, which I think will prove to be one of the finest commercial projects to be built in this century."
Tenants.
One Commerce Square's main tenant is IBM, which moved into the skyscraper when it opened in 1987. IBM initially occupied nearly half of One Commerce Square, but in the decades since, consolidation has reduced the company's presence in the building. Other tenants in One Commerce Square include Ernst &amp; Young LLP, Stradley Ronon Stevens &amp; Young LLP, The Pew Charitable Trusts, Fiserv Securities Inc., Thorp Reed &amp; Armstrong LLP, and Delaware Investments, which also leases office space in Two Commerce Square.
When Two Commerce Square opened in 1992, the Consolidated Rail Corporation made of the tower its corporate headquarters. Since being bought by Norfolk Southern and CSX Transportation, Conrail and CSX now share about in the tower. Today Two Commerce Square has become a center of accounting and consulting firms, the largest of which is PricewaterhouseCoopers, which occupies . Occupying the tower since its 1992 opening, professional services firm Ernst &amp; Young LLP leased of the tower until relocating to One Commerce Square in early 2012. Other related firms include Delaware Investments which leases and Grant Thornton LLP. Other tenants also fill the tower, these include Leaf Financial Corporation, which leases the 14th and 15th floors; Reliance Standard Life Insurance Co., which leases ; and engineering firm McCormick Taylor, which occupies . In 2010, multimedia company Wolters Kluwer moved into on the third and fourth floors, raising Two Commerce Square's occupancy to 91 percent.

</doc>
<doc id="7038643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038643" title="Emmanuel Loblack">
Emmanuel Loblack



</doc>
<doc id="7038649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038649" title="IR36">
IR36



</doc>
<doc id="7038652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038652" title="Přemysl dynasty">
Přemysl dynasty



</doc>
<doc id="7038661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038661" title="MTV (Ukrainian TV channel)">
MTV (Ukrainian TV channel)

MTV Ukraine () was a Ukrainian free-to-air television music channel operated by GDF Media Limited under licence from VIMN Europe. The channel was launched on 24 August 2007, 6:00 a.m. and was replaced on 31 May 2013 by a new youth-orientated music and general entertainment channel called Zoom.
Channel rebrand.
On 31 May 2013 the operators of MTV in Ukraine, 'GDF Media' announced that the channel would cease operating from 23:00 on 31 May 2013 and would be rebranded as Zoom. The decision to replace MTV with a new channel was decided by GDF Media, as the owners of the licence to operate the Ukrainian version of MTV felt the brand is no-longer relevant to the demographic the channel was targeting. The decision to replace MTV Ukraine with Zoom came shortly after MTV Russia was closed down as a free-to-air television network and relaunched on pay television. At the same year, MTV Brasil was also closed down as a free-to-air television network by Grupo Abril and relaunched on pay television by Viacom Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="7038666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038666" title="Ibn Abidin">
Ibn Abidin

Ibn 'Abidin (; full name: "Muḥammad Amīn ibn ʿUmar ibn ʿAbd al-ʿAzīz ibn Aḥmad in ʿAbd ar-Raḥīm ibn Najmuddīn ibn Muḥammad Ṣalāḥuddīn al-Shāmī", died 1836 CE / AH 1252), known in the Indian subcontinent as al-Shami, was an Islamic scholar and Jurist who lived in the city of Damascus in Syria during the Ottoman era. He was the authority of the fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence) of the Hanafi madhhab (school of law). He was a state employee with the title of Amin al-fatwa. This meant that he was the mufti that people would go to when they had legal questions in Damascus. He composed over 50 works consisting of a major fatwa (legal statement) collection, many treatises, poems, and several commentaries on the works of others.
His most famous work was the "Radd al-Muhtar 'ala al-Durr al-Mukhtar". This is still considered the authoritative text of Hanafi fiqh today.
Childhood.
Ibn Abidin was born in Damascus in 1784. His family came from a long line of scholars and was, therefore, well respected. He studied the Qur'an starting at a very young age and received his first general degree of authorization from his first teacher, shaykh Muhammad al-Kuzbari al-Kabir, when he was about 12 years old. He was said to have memorized the Qur'an before he reached maturity. He was a very determined student. After reciting the Qur'an at his father's shop and receiving criticism for it, he sought to perfect his work and studied vigorously under several well-known scholars. After much hard work, he received four degrees of authorization.
Legal views.
In Islamic law, a mufti is one who determines what is right and wrong thing to do in a legal situation or conflict. The general rules for the decision making are that one must first base his answer on what the Prophet did and the Qur'an, then on what the head of their particular school of law did, then on their mufti predecessors. There was to be no bias and all of the decisions were to be based on previous methods. However, in reality this was not the case. Ibn Abidin is an excellent example of how the fatwa system worked in reality.
Ibn Abidin had a more modernistic view. Being a mufti of the Ottoman era, he was influenced not only by the Islam scholars, but by the Ottoman's, which does not follow the general rules listed above. He also went back and shortened, edited, and added his own opinion to the Damascus mufti before him, Hamid al-Imadi. This went against the respecting of his ancestors' decisions as more sound than his. His more obvious area of flexibility involves his view on urf (local custom).
Urf and Ijtihad.
Ibn Abidin's view on urf was that it was important to include it in fatwas. He claimed that many things change with time and that the laws need to be flexible in order to account for the change in urf.
At one point he wrote, "Many of the rules change with the change of time..."
This poses a huge problem with keeping fatwas unbiased. Ibn Abidin's solution to this problem was that Shari'a law was built with the goal of making the life of a believer free from suffering and that if urf was not included in decision making it would result in suffering.
He states that, "jurists should not proceed by strictly and rigidly adhering to the authoritative books and opinions of the madhhab, but should also pay attention to the needs of the people of his time, or else the harm he does will outweigh the benefit."
Other jurists besides Ibn Abidin did consider the current urf in their fatwas also. If their fatwa contradicted the founder of their madhhab, then their reasoning was that if their founder had been alive during their time he would have given the same decision.
Another issue which relates to the use of the current urf in fatwas, is the use of ijtihad (individual interpretation or exertion of effort). The use of ijtihad was said to have been ended amongst Hanafis long before Ibn Abidin was a mufti. However, Ibn Abidin uses great amounts of effort in order to determine the correct answer to a problem in his fatwa, using the knowledge of the common urf and his own reasoning. He seems to have believed that ijtihad was still acceptable to use in certain circumstances.
For example, he states that "If Abu Hanifa has a ruling on a matter at hand, then his view is to be followed. If not, then we look for views by Abu Yusuf, then Muhammad al-Shaybani, then Zufar, then Hasan, then some other lesser jurists, but if no one has an answer at all, then it is incumbent on the mufti to look into it by way of deep thinking and ijtihad."
The names following Abu Hanifa are those of well-known muftis and scholars before Ibn Abidin's time. So he believed that ijtihad was acceptable if there was no other option. However, this was not truly his only exception. He also considered acceptable to use his own reason if times had changed and the law required a change. This required change usually meant to him that the times were becoming more and more corrupted and the laws needed to be made stricter.
Marriage.
In the time of Ibn Abidin, marriage was an extremely important part of society. Everyone was expected to be married and each person was expected to marry someone within their same social class. For example, a woman in the lower class could not marry a man in the middle class or vice versa.
When it came to deciding equality of two individuals to determine if two individuals that were to be married were equally matched, Ibn Abidin came to the realization that occupations were not considered of the same status in all locations. He classified those in the lowest class to consist of barbers, metal workers, shepherds, and bath-keepers, but added that there was not a clear distinction because it depended on the custom of the location the persons lived in.
When it came to equality, Ibn Abidin also stated that a non-Arab was lower than an Arab and that a learned non-Arab was higher than an ignorant non-Arab. What he meant by this was that a Muslim was of higher class than a non-Muslim and that a non-Muslim believer was of a higher class than of a no-Muslim non-believer.
Each child, male and female, was assigned a wali (guardian) to find them a spouse and arrange their marriage. The wali was traditionally the father or the grandfather, so complications arose when a child was an orphan or did not have a father or grandfather. More complications arose if the wali was considered to be unable to make proper decisions. Ibn Abidin came up with fatwas to some of these problems.
He said that the guardian of an orphan had the responsibility of the wali. He also said that if the wali disregards a good marriage offer that the court has the right to interfere. 
Both females and males were considered to have a choice in whom they married after they reached maturity. However, males were free to pick their wives while the women were considered to approve of a marriage if they were silent after having been told all the specifics of an offer.
After marriage, Ibn Abidin said that the husband was obligated to provide for the wife no matter what her financial situation based on her social standing. For example, an upper-class wife would have to be fed wheat bread and meat for lunch, a middle class wife would have to be fed bread and animal fat, and a lower-class wife would have to be fed bread and cheese.
According to Ibn Abidin, and many other scholars, both the man and woman were expected to fulfill each other sexually. If the husband was not receiving pleasure from his wife, then he had the right to stop providing for her and to divorce her unless she had a disability. If the wife was not receiving pleasure from the husband, on the other hand, the wife would have to wait one year before she could ask the court for a divorce.
Relationship with the state.
Ibn Abidin and other state-appointed muftis had a complex relationship with the state. For example, Ibn Abidin adds a note at the end of one of his fatwas about taxes that criticizes the state's collection of taxes.
"But most of the extraordinary taxes imposed on the villages these days are not for preservation of either property or people, but are mere oppression and aggression and most of the expenses of the governor and his subordinates and the buildings of his residence and the residences of his soldiers and what he pays to the messengers of the sulton…levied in our country twice yearly and there are many sums on top of it that are taken as presents to his assistants and attendants…"
Death.
Ibn Abidin died on 21 Rabi al-thani in the year 1252 AH at the age of 54 years. His funeral prayer was led by his own teacher Saýīd al-Ĥalabī who broke down, weeping and clutching his own beard said: 'I was treasuring you, for what comes after my old age'. Prayers were held in the Sināniyyah mosque and he was buried – in accordance with his will – near the grave of Shaykh Álāuddin al-Ĥaşkafī, the author of Durr al-Mukhtār and next to the great muĥaddith Şāliĥ al-Jaynīnī in Damascus.
Radd al Muhtar.
Ibn Abidin systematically went through the works and positions of the school with depth and preciseness. Regarding the encompassing scope of Ibn 'Abidin in Hanafi fiqh, the then Mufti of Beirut, Shaykh Muhammad Effendi al-Hulawani in Takmila Radd al-Muhtar said, "I never heard any lesson like that of Ibn 'Abidin. I would try my hardest to research the next day's topic as extensively and thoroughly as possible by reading and understanding all the gloss and commentary written on it. I would think that I had comprehended it completely. However, Ibn 'Abidin would teach us the same lesson the next day and not only cover everything that I had researched but would also provide further clarification and deeper understanding in them, and would add to it many other beneficial points than I had even come across in any of the works nor even thought about."
As such, Radd al-Muhtar is considered one of the most comprehensive, encyclopaedic compilations of the Hanafi school, even more extensive than the Fatawa Hindiyya, a slightly earlier work commissioned by the Mughul emperor, Aurangzeb.
Works.
Ibn Abidin wrote numerous books on subjects ranging from prayers to medicine. It was his extensive knowledge of jurisprudence that distinguished him. He wrote exegesis of previous juristic books which were far beyond common man's understanding. In this same context, he compiled his most famous book: Radd al-Muhtar 'ala al-Durr al-Mukhtar, a voluminous extension of Imam Hasfaki's "Durr al mukhtar". Following are some of his major works:

</doc>
<doc id="7038670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038670" title="Coral reef senior high">
Coral reef senior high



</doc>
<doc id="7038683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038683" title="X-Com Interceptor">
X-Com Interceptor



</doc>
<doc id="7038685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038685" title="Tōyako, Hokkaido">
Tōyako, Hokkaido

 is a town in Iburi Subprefecture, Hokkaido, Japan. It was formed on March 23, 2006, through the merger of the town of Abuta and the village of Tōya. , the town has an estimated population of 8,442, and a population density of 47 persons per km2. The total area is 180.54 km2.
The name of the town was derived from the nearby Lake Tōya (Tōya-ko).
G8 summit.
On April 23, 2007, the town and its surrounding area was announced as the site of the 2008 summer G8 summit. Japan's former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe reportedly chose the area because of its proximity to many famous sightseeing grounds, such as Lake Tōya and Tōyako Onsen.

</doc>
<doc id="7038686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038686" title="Robie Street">
Robie Street

Robie Street is a north-south artery that runs for 7 km in the Halifax Peninsula area of the Halifax Regional Municipality from Memorial Drive in the North End to Gorsebrook Avenue in the South End.
The street and provincial road has in most places four lanes, with a centre median from Gorsebrook Avenue to Cunard Street. From Cunard to Almon Streets, it has two lanes. From Livingstone Street to Memorial Drive, it has two lanes. From Almon Street to the MacKay Bridge ramps, it has four lanes and is undivided.
Massachusetts Avenue (until May 21, 2007, it was and commonly still is referred to as Robie Street Extension) connects Robie Street from Livingstone Street to the MacKay Bridge. On the Halifax Peninsula street grid system, civic numbers range from 820 to 3899.
The street was named after Simon Bradstreet Robie (1770–1858), a prominent Nova Scotia judge and politician. There are also streets named after Judge Robie in Truro and Amherst, Nova Scotia.
Prior to circa 1910, Robie Street ended at North Street, with the continuation of the road to the north being part of Kempt Road and continued farther north from Young Street as Lonegard Road. At first, Robie was mainly a residential and commercial street, but in 1882, the Nova Scotia Cotton Manufacturing Company was constructed at the intersection with Almon Street, which was followed by a series of other factories and created an industrial district at the north end of Robie.

</doc>
<doc id="7038694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038694" title="Lenny (Supergrass song)">
Lenny (Supergrass song)

"Lenny" is a song by English rock band Supergrass, released in May 1995 by Parlophone as the fourth single from their debut album, "I Should Coco" (1995). It was produced by Sam Williams and reached number 10 on the UK Singles Chart, remaining on the chart for three weeks.
Critical reception.
Pan-European magazine "Music &amp; Media" wrote, "Steam hammer monotony in the intro soon turns into souped-up '60s pop brought with the right brattish attitude. Stay tuned for some 'Sex!' education on the hilarious country bonus track." Boy George reviewed the song for "Select" and named it Georges Single of the Month, saying, "I just think this is really exciting. Quite sexual and uplifting. There's bits of T.Rex and all sorts of influences but...everything is theft anyway." Jordan Paramor from "Smash Hits" gave it three out of five in her review of the single.

</doc>
<doc id="7038696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038696" title="Christopher Loblack">
Christopher Loblack



</doc>
<doc id="7038697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038697" title="Kuiper Belt Objects">
Kuiper Belt Objects



</doc>
<doc id="7038698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038698" title="GT 750">
GT 750



</doc>
<doc id="7038700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038700" title="First filial">
First filial



</doc>
<doc id="7038705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038705" title="First filial generation">
First filial generation



</doc>
<doc id="7038708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038708" title="Radd al-Muhtar">
Radd al-Muhtar

Radd al-Muhtār 'ala al-Durr al-Mukhtār () is a book on Islamic jurisprudence ("fiqh") by 18th century Islamic scholar, Ibn 'Abidin, whose title translates to "Guiding the Baffled to "The Exquisite Pearl"".
Radd al-Muhtar is a "hashiyah" (an annotative commentary) on `Ala' al-Din al-Haskafi's work of Islamic jurisprudence, "Durr al-Mukhtār fi Sharh Tanwīr al-Absār". It is widely considered as the central reference for fatwa in the Hanafi school of Sunni legal interpretation. Scholars of the Indian subcontinent often refer to Ibn Abidin as "al-Shami" and to this "hashiyah" as "al-Shamiyya" or "Fatawa Shami".
This voluminous work has been translated into various languages, including Turkish and Urdu.
The Arabic Edition comprises eight volumes, As a whole, the text covers a wide range of topics within Muslim law, including the five pillars of Islam, marriage, divorce, trade, jihad, inheritance, and other facets of Muslim life.

</doc>
<doc id="7038711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038711" title="Johnny Appleseed Festival">
Johnny Appleseed Festival



</doc>
<doc id="7038714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038714" title="Leeds Industrial Museum at Armley Mills">
Leeds Industrial Museum at Armley Mills

The Leeds Industrial Museum at Armley Mills is a museum of industrial heritage located in Armley, near Leeds, in West Yorkshire, Northern England. The museum includes collections of textile machinery, railway equipment and heavy engineering amongst others.
The Grade II* listed building housing the museum was once the world's largest woollen mill. The current structures were built in 1805 by Benjamin Gott and closed as a commercial mill in 1969. They were taken over by Leeds City Council and reopened as a museum of industrial heritage in 1982. It is located between the Leeds and Liverpool Canal and the River Aire and accessed from Canal Road or Milford Place. It is part of Leeds Museums &amp; Galleries, which also includes Leeds Art Gallery, Leeds City Museum, Leeds Discovery Centre, Lotherton Hall, Temple Newsam, Abbey House Museum and Kirkstall Abbey.
Location.
Armley Mills lie on the south bank and an island in the River Aire. The mill is above sea level, at a point where the river is falling. A weir has been built upstream, and this maintains a good head of water to power water wheels. Water from above the weir enters the millpond, it passes under the main mill and over the water wheels falling into the goit On the south bank of the river, on the 150 ft contour, the Leeds and Liverpool Canal was cut in 1777. This gave the mill a wharf which could be used for incoming raw materials, and outgoing goods and later for coal for the boilers.
Nearby is Botany Bay Yard which was so named because it was the first place in England where wool from Botany Bay in Australia was landed. There was a wharf at this location that served the Benjamin Gott Mill. There still exists the remains of the wharf unloading shed and what appears to be a sunken barge alongside the canal at this location.
History.
The earliest record of Armley Mills dates from the middle of the sixteenth century when local clothier Richard Booth leased 'Armley Millnes' from Henry Saville. A document of 1707 describes them as fulling mills. One contained two wheels and four fulling stocks, while another was used to grind corn mill and two fulling stocks'. The mills expanded and by 1788 were equipped with five waterwheels driving eighteen fulling stocks. Fulling was a necessary but dirty process where woven wool is felted. The bundles of cloth are hit repeatedly by large hammers, the fulling stocks, while soaked in water, urine and a clay known as Fuller's earth. The urine which is a source of ammonia was collected from neighbouring houses, who saved it especially for the purpose.
The mills were sold in 1788, ten years after the new canal opened. It was bought by Colonel Thomas Lloyd, a Leeds cloth merchant, who expanded it to be the world's largest woollen mill. He leased the running of the mills to Israel and John Burrows; they built semi-detached house for themselves on the far bank of the canal.
In 1804/1805 the mills were sold to Benjamin Gott- but burnt down. The early mills were fire hazards, the fibres in the air igniting and setting fire to the flammable structure. Gott rebuilt the mill using fireproof principles: the mill structure survives and it is this structure that has achieved a grade II* listing. Gott was the owner of several woollen mills. He died in 1840 and was succeeded by his sons John Gott and William Gott. They introduced a steam engine to supplement the water wheels in 1850 but it was in the 1860s that the waterwheels were phased out.
By 1907 part of the mill had been let out to tenants in a room and power agreement. The woollen clothing manufacturers Bentley and Tempest took over the mill: an accident book relating to dangerous incidents which occurred during their tenure is in the museum's possession. Operations at the mill ceased in 1969, a victim to the changing technology, loss of market and the prevailing economic conditions. It was sold to Leeds City Council, who re-opened it as a museum of industry in 1982.
The museum suffered damage in the 2015 Boxing day flood but has since reopened.
Buildings.
The buildings are principally from Benjamin Gott's 1805 construction, with some 19th century infill and a little of the 1795 corn mill that hadn't been destroyed in the fire in 1804. The mill is l-shaped on sloping ground so varies between four storey and two storey. The main range runs north–south over the millrace and is 23 bays wide, built of ashlar stone with a hipped slate roof. It has a six bay easterly projection (downstream), known as the Corn Mill, built into the sloping ground which is thus two storeys high.
The mill was built to a fireproof design, The cast iron columns are circular and support brick floors built as shallow arches. In the earlier work that did survive the fire, wooden joists are isolated with sheet-iron which has been nailed to them. The roof structure in the main range was replaced in 1929 and is no longer to fireproof standards.
The mill race flows under the main range of the mill and at water level are 6 finely detailed arches with wrought iron grills. The 1788 mill was powered by 5 waterwheels. The 1805 mill was powered by two metal wheels, named Wellington and Blucher, heroes in the current fights against Napoleon. They were suspension wheels with rim-gearing as pioneered by Thomas Hewes. These wheels were rated at 70 horse power. A beam engine was introduced to supplement the wheels in 1855, The wheels were replaced and removed in 1885 but photographs do exist of them in situ. A further older wooden wheel that powered the corn mill is extant, but in need of repair.
In 1805 the mill was the world's largest woollen mill containing 18 fulling stocks and 50 looms.
Collections.
Leeds was an industrial powerhouse in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. The collections at the museum intend to reflect both historic and contemporary industrial heritage in the city. This includes archives and objects belonging to John Smeaton, Matthew Murray, Systime Computers, Elizabeth Beecroft and many others.
Textile gallery.
The gallery shows the complete woollen manufacturing process in what was a woollen mill. The final product demonstrated here is a blanket. There is a, as listed below 
Railway collection.
The museum has an extensive collection of standard gauge and narrow gauge railway rolling stock. The collection was started in 1956 when the Leeds City Museum acquired "Barber" from the recently closed Harrogate Gasworks Railway. A short display line is installed at Armley allowing some of the collection to run.
Models.
The museum collection has several models of significance, including the world's oldest model locomotive. The record is held by a model built in Matthew Murray in 1811 as a prototype for the locomotive "Salamanca."

</doc>
<doc id="7038717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038717" title="Oh My God (Guns N' Roses song)">
Oh My God (Guns N' Roses song)

"Oh My God" is a song by Guns N' Roses released in 1999 on the soundtrack to the film "End of Days". The song was sent to radio stations in November 1999 as a promo for the soundtrack and the band. Despite being the band's first recorded release in almost five years, it was never issued as a stand-alone single for public retail. The song was written as the band was recording music for "Chinese Democracy".
Background.
In a press release, Axl Rose gave details about the song: 
"The chorus deals with the societal repression of deep and often agonizing emotions -- some of which may be willingly accepted for one reason or another -- the appropriate expression of which (one that promotes a healing, release and a positive resolve) is often discouraged and many times denied. Emotionally the song contemplates several abstract perspectives drawing from personal expression as well as from the film and its metaphors. The appropriate expression and vehicle for such emotions and concepts is not something taken for granted.
The fight of good vs. evil, positive vs. negative, man against a seemingly undefeatable, undeterrable, unrevealed destiny, along with the personal and universal struggle to attain, maintain and responsibly manage freewill can be and often is frustrating to say the least. In America our country's constitutional right to freedom of expression gives us a better chance to fight for that expression than many in other countries enjoy. It can be a big gig, like kickin' the crap outta the devil!"
The song was primarily written by Paul Tobias around 1997. Dizzy Reed wrote the hook of the chorus. Rose claimed that former members Duff McKagan and Matt Sorum 'failed to see the potential' of the song and had no interest in recording or playing the piece. Sean Riggs, Reed's roommate and occasional fill-in GNR studio drummer, assisted in writing the song.
Paul Tobias, Gary Sunshine and Dave Navarro all play on the song. Robin Finck's part was written by Tobias and 'extensively manipulated' by producer Sean Beavan. Rose claimed that Finck was not involved in the writing of the final recording, although he participated in the arrangement. Finck denies he was involved with the song, despite Rose's claim.
Rose wrote the lyrics to the song, and additional programing was performed by engineer Stuart White. The song debuted in a commercial for the film during the 1999 MTV Video Music Awards, and was featured in trailers for the film leading up to its release. According to sources, Rose, Jimmy Iovine and several studio technicians stayed up all night adjusting the final mix before it was due. Producer Sean Beavan stated that Iovine personally picked the song for the soundtrack after hearing several works in progress.
In 2008, Rose claimed the song was an unfinished demo which was rushed to be released for inclusion with the "End of Days" film soundtrack. Rose stated "there’s a remix with lots of new vocals and a wilder guitar intro, but it’s not taken all that seriously".
A small clip with new guitars added by then-Guns N' Roses guitarist Ron "Bumblefoot" Thal leaked online in late 2013.
Reception.
"Oh My God" did not fare well on rock radio. It had a limited chart run of 5 weeks, peaking at #26 on the US Mainstream Rock Charts. Nevertheless, it won a 1999 Metal Edge Readers' Choice Award for Soundtrack Song of the Year. 
"The Washington Post" described the song by saying "It's a bit thicker, and somehow heavier, than yesteryowl, but there's no mistaking Axl Rose, whose riveting roar remains in a class by itself". 
In a review of the film, NYFilm had a negative opinion of the song, saying "Oh My God. God Awful is more like it. Believe me, it's not worth waiting for. If you've heard it, you know what I mean. If you haven't, trust me on this one." AllMusic described the song as "a less than satisfying comeback".
In a ranking of all 87 Guns N' Roses songs, WMMR ranked "Oh My God" 83rd, describing it as "Axl trying to channel his best Marilyn Manson but coming up short." "Medium" described the song as "A decent tune, even if it sounds like it was bolted together from the spare parts of five other songs." "Spin", while also noting the Marilyn Manson similarities, described it by saying "It’s just an unusually tuneless GN’R cut".
Former Guns N' Roses member Slash stated that upon hearing the song he "(didn't) have any real opinion about it" and that it "convinced me that my departure had been a wise decision and that Axl and I were definitely no longer on the same wavelength musically."
Live.
"Oh My God" was played live four times in early and late 2001 on the first leg of the Chinese Democracy Tour. It has remained absent since then, but the band has played it during sound checks as recently as 2011. In an interview with Guitarworks in April 2003, rhythm guitarist Richard Fortus mentioned he was planning on using his Anderson Baritom guitar on a future tour while performing the song. Although not played since 2001, the song showed up as an alternate on the setlist for a 2018 show in the Not In This Lifetime... Tour.
Personnel.
Guns N' Roses
Additional musicians
Production

</doc>
<doc id="7038719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038719" title="Nimzo-Indian, Spielmann Variation">
Nimzo-Indian, Spielmann Variation



</doc>
<doc id="7038731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038731" title="Kinder Bueno">
Kinder Bueno

Kinder Bueno ( is German for "children", "" is Spanish for "good") is a chocolate biscuit and wafer confection made by Italian confectionery maker Ferrero. Part of the Kinder Chocolate brand line, Kinder Bueno is a hazelnut-cream-filled wafer covered in milk chocolate and a dark chocolate drizzle.
Kinder Bueno was launched in 1990 and is available in 60 countries. It is sold in packs of two, three, six, and boxes of twelve.
Production.
The Kinder Bueno bar is made in the factories of France and Warsaw, Poland. As of 2022, a new production facility for the North American market is being constructed in Bloomington, Illinois.
Mineral oil aromatic hydrocarbon contamination.
The European Food Safety Authority found the chocolate to be contaminated with high levels of mineral oil aromatic hydrocarbons (MOAH), a likely carcinogen. Hydrocarbon contamination is often caused by grain processing techniques, or is introduced to the food by the product's packaging. Kinder's parent company Ferrero disagreed with the EFSA finding, and maintained all products contain below the maximum levels for human consumption. Other common chocolate products were found to contain similar or higher levels of contamination.

</doc>
<doc id="7038738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038738" title="Jaroslav Kocián">
Jaroslav Kocián

Jaroslav Kocián (22 February 1883 in Ústí nad Orlicí – 8 March 1950 in Prague) was a Czech violinist, classical composer and teacher. Together with Jan Kubelík he is considered as the most important representative of "Ševčík´s school". He was celebrated as an interpreter of violin compositions of Johann Sebastian Bach. As a composer he is especially noted for his compositions for the violin, which have been recorded most often by his student Josef Suk.
Life.
Kocián was born in Ústí nad Orlicí in 1883. His father, Julius Kocián, was a violinist, teacher and a former classmate of famous virtuoso Otakar Ševčík. Kocián's three sisters were also gifted, but he surpassed them with his exceptional talent. He received his first violin at the age of four. He made his first public appearance in 1887 at the annual music festival in Ústí nad Orlicí. His first teacher after his father was Josef Zábrodský, who also prepared him for the conservatory exams.
In 1893 Kocián went to Prague to take the exams for the Prague Conservatory, which he passed, but was not accepted to study due to his poor health and small stature. Only in 1897 he was accepted into Otakar Ševčík's class. He also studied piano and composition with Antonín Dvořák. He graduated in 1901 playing one of Paganini's violin concertos in Rudolfinum.
After graduating, he gave concerts in various European cities - including at the coronation of King Edward. In 1902 he made his first tour of the US with his fellow conservatoire student, the pianist František Špindler. Both had phenomenal memories and took no music with them on their five-month tour, during which they played 58 concerts. In the following years he was almost constantly on the road, except for 1907–1909, which he spent in Odessa as a professor at the conservatory and leader of the Odessa Czech Quartet. He had an extensive concert repertoire based on works by Bach, Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, Tchaikovsky, Smetana and Dvořák. He remained in Bohemia during the World War I. After the establishment of Czechoslovakia, Kocián again gave concerts throughout the country and made his last tour abroad. In 1922 he visited the United States again, performing in Yokohama, Tokyo and Shanghai on his way back. He often returned to his home town of Ústí nad Orlicí, where he spent his free time picking mushrooms, cycling, playing sports and chatting with friends. In 1930, due to a nervous illness, he ended his concert career and devoted himself exclusively to teaching and composing. He was prominent member of masonic lodge "Jan Amos Komenský" in Prague. Kocián died after long illness on 8 March 1950 in Prague. His grave is in Vyšehrad cemetery.
Teaching.
He taught at the Prague Conservatory, at first as an assistant to Otakar Ševčík, from 1924 as a professor. He became a tenured professor in 1929 and the rector of the conservatory from 1939 to 1940. His most famous students were Josef Suk, Václav Snítil, Jan Šedivka and Alexandr Plocek.
Legacy.
The Kocian Violin Competition has been held annually in his hometown Ústí nad Orlicí since 1959. The Kocian Quartet and Chamber orchestra of Jaroslav Kocián were named in his honor.
Compositions.
Kocián's arrangements of Suk's "Six Piano Pieces Op.7" for violin were performed by many violinists including Leonid Kogan, Henryk Szeryng, David Oistrakh, Janine Jansen or Josef Suk.

</doc>
<doc id="7038739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038739" title="The Chapman Stick">
The Chapman Stick



</doc>
<doc id="7038743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038743" title="Adhi, Jalandhar">
Adhi, Jalandhar

Adhi, Aadhi or Addi, is a village in the tehsil of Nakodar, in Jalandhar district, Punjab, India.
It is located 18 km from Nakodar, 21 km from Kapurthala, 24.8 km from district headquarter Jalandhar and 163 km from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by a sarpanch.
Transport.
Pajian railway station is the nearest train station however, Jalandhar city train station is 26.4 km away from the village. The village is 80 km away from domestic airport in Ludhiana and the nearest international airport is located in Chandigarh also Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is the second nearest airport which is 97 km away in Amritsar.

</doc>
<doc id="7038747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038747" title="Shaun Camp">
Shaun Camp



</doc>
<doc id="7038761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038761" title="Shaun Kemp">
Shaun Kemp



</doc>
<doc id="7038765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038765" title="Sean Kemp">
Sean Kemp



</doc>
<doc id="7038767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038767" title="Sean Camp">
Sean Camp



</doc>
<doc id="7038773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038773" title="Affirmative Action in the United States">
Affirmative Action in the United States



</doc>
<doc id="7038776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038776" title="Ice Storm of 1998">
Ice Storm of 1998



</doc>
<doc id="7038780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038780" title="Abira, Hokkaido">
Abira, Hokkaido

 is a town located in Iburi Subprefecture, Hokkaido, Japan. As of 30 September 2016, the town has an estimated population of 8,323.
Geography.
Located in the north-east of Iburi Subprefecture, and is a hilly area extending from the Yufutsu Plain to the Yūbari Mountains and the Maoi Hills. Abira is surrounded by Tomakomai in the south-west, Chitose in the north-west, Yuni in from the north to the east, and Atsuma in the south-east. The Toasa River flows through Abira and Tomakomai, and Abira River flows through the center of Abira.
The Pacific Ocean is close to the southern areas of Abira. So those areas' weather is mild year-round because of the oceanic climate. The northern areas have an inland climate, so the temperatures are high in the summer and a harsh cold in the winter. All together, the yearly snowfall is low.
Origin of the town's name.
The name "Abira" comes from the Ainu language. However, there are various opinions as to what Ainu words does it come from. 
Possible words include: 
Demographics.
Per Japanese census data, the population of Abira has declined in recent decades.
Economy.
Industry.
Agriculture is the main industry for Abira. Abira's Toasa area is especially famous for its breeding of dairy cattle, which are then sent all over Japan. Another specialty is cantaloupe. Asahi Melon is a well known brand from the area.
Horse breeding is also a thriving industry in Abira, such as Yoshida Bokujo (Yoshida Ranch) in the Hayakita-Tomioka area and Northern Farm in the Hayakita-genbu area. The local horse breeding industry actively participates in the JRA Central Horse Racing. Many offsprings of famous stallions, such as Marzensky and 2005's Japanese Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing winner Deep Impact, are bred here.
Region.
Area broadcasting.
Abira obtained a general terrestrial broadcast station license and now broadcasts Abira Channel in the local area.
Transportation.
Rail transport.
At one time, a company called Hayakita Railway (now known as Atsuma Bus) had a train line from Hayakita Station to Atsuma.
Attractions.
Designated Cultural Assets.
Source: List of Designated Municipal Cultural Properties in Hokkaido

</doc>
<doc id="7038784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038784" title="Bishops' conference">
Bishops' conference



</doc>
<doc id="7038786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038786" title="Fort Lee High School">
Fort Lee High School

Fort Lee High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade, located in Fort Lee, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the Fort Lee School District. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools since 1931.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,179 students and 84.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.0:1. There were 129 students (10.9% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 47 (4.0% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
Fort Lee High School was established in 1916. It was relocated to its current location in 1928. A new wing was added in 1964 and new classrooms were constructed in 1968. The school was completely renovated in the 1980s.
In March 2009, a scandal concerning the transcript records of the students was alleged. The transcripts of students from 2003 to the current senior class were reported by Raymond Bandlow, the superintendent of schools, to have been tampered with. The Fort Lee Board of Education conducted an investigation and attempted to ascertain as to who exactly was involved after it was reported that in some instances, grades were changed, and in others low grades were deleted. Students of the class of 2009 expressed their discontent and anger regarding the scandal, as these allegations could jeopardize their chances of being admitted to colleges.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
In the 2011 "Ranking America's High Schools" issue by "The Washington Post", the school was ranked 52nd in New Jersey and 1,611th nationwide. In 2006, the school was ranked 217th out of the top 1000 High Schools in the United States by "Newsweek" magazine.
The school was the 81st-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 97th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 72nd in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 75th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 99th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which included 316 schools across the state.
Schooldigger.com ranked the school tied for 137th out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (an increase of 1 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (85.6%) and language arts literacy (93.2%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Fort Lee High School was ranked 55th out of 426 schools in New Jersey by "U.S. News &amp; World Report" on its 2018 listing of "Best High Schools". In 2021, "U.S. News &amp; World Report" ranked the school 106th among high schools in New Jersey, 264th in the New York City metropolitan area and 2320th nationwide.
Athletics.
The Fort Lee High School Bridgemen compete in the Big North Conference which is comprised of public and private high schools in Bergen and Passaic counties, and was established following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey made under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Prior to the 2010 realignment, the team participated in the Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL) American Conference, comprised of public and private high schools located in Bergen County and Hudson County. With 681 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group II for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 486 to 758 students in that grade range. The football team competes in the Ivy Red division of the North Jersey Super Football Conference, which includes 112 schools competing in 20 divisions, making it the nation's biggest football-only high school sports league. The football team is one of the 12 programs assigned to the two Ivy divisions starting in 2020, which are intended to allow weaker programs ineligible for playoff participation to compete primarily against each other. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group III North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 700 to 884 students.
The boys' basketball team won the Group I state championship in 1947 (defeating Dunellen High School in the tournament final) and 1949 (vs. Wildwood High School). In front of a crowd of 2,500 spectators at the Elizabeth Armory, the 1947 team upset Dunellen, winning the Group I championship with a 39-34 victory. Trailing for most of the game, the 1949 team pulled ahead of Wildwood in the fourth quarter to win the Group I state title by a score of 49-44.
The boys track team won the Group II spring / outdoor track state championship in 1963.
The wrestling team won the North I Group II state sectional title in 1980.
The girls volleyball team won the Group II state championship in 1988, defeating Garfield High School in the final match of the playoff tournament.
In 2011, Nancie Sophias broke the school record for the 800m that had been set in 1977 and became the high school's first woman to qualify for the NJSIAA State Track Meet of Champions in the event.
The varsity boys tennis team was top-seeded in the North II, Group II state sectional tournament, but lost in the semifinals 3–2 to James Caldwell High School.
The school's marching band was Class VA national champion in 2023 with a score of 95.40.
Clubs.
Clubs at the school include art, theatre, the school chorus, the debating society and the school newspaper. The Fort Lee High School Band was the Tournament of Bands Atlantic Coast Invitational Class A winners in Group 4 in 2019 and 2021.
Administration.
The school's principal is Lauren Glynn. Her administration team includes two assistant principals.

</doc>
<doc id="7038794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038794" title="Everybody Loves Casey">
Everybody Loves Casey



</doc>
<doc id="7038806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038806" title="List of Flash Gordon comic strips">
List of Flash Gordon comic strips

"Flash Gordon" is an American space adventure comic strip from King Features Syndicate, created and originally illustrated by Alex Raymond to compete with the already established "Buck Rogers" adventure strip. "Flash Gordon" ran as a Sunday comic from January 7, 1934 until March 16, 2003. From 2003 to 2023, the strip went into reprints of the work of Jim Keefe, who had written and illustrated the comic from 1996 to 2003. A daily strip by Austin Briggs ran from 1941 to 1944, and another by Dan Barry ran from 1951 to 1990. "Flash Gordon" was relaunched as a daily strip by Dan Schkade on October 22, 2023.
The comic strip follows the adventures of Flash Gordon and his companions Dale Arden and Dr. Hans Zarkov, who travel to the planet Mongo and immediately come into conflict with Ming the Merciless, its evil ruler. Other characters include Prince Thun of the Lion Men, Flash's ally who opposes Ming; Princess Aura, Ming's selfish daughter who has an unrequited love for Flash; Prince Barin of the forest kingdom of Arboria, the rightful ruler of Mongo; and Prince Vultan of the Hawkmen, who inhabit a flying city.
Sunday strips.
"Flash Gordon" was created and originally illustrated by Alex Raymond to compete with the already established "Buck Rogers" adventure strip. "Flash Gordon" ran as a Sunday comic from January 7, 1934 until March 16, 2003. From 2003 to 2023, the strip went into reprints of the work of Jim Keefe, who had written and illustrated the comic from 1996 to 2003.
Daily strips.
A daily strip by Austin Briggs ran from 1941 to 1944, and another by Dan Barry ran from 1951 to 1990. Barry was initially assisted by artist Harvey Kurtzman, and later by Al Williamson, Frank Frazetta, Fred Kida, Bob Fujitani, and Harry Harrison. After Barry's departure in 1990, the strip continued with Bruce Jones as the writer and Ralph Reese as the artist, later assisted by artist Gray Morrow. In 1991, the strip was written by Kevin VanHook and Thomas Warkentin on an alternating basis, with a Buenos Aires-based studio providing the art. The strip ended on July 3, 1993. The following are the serials for the "Flash Gordon" daily strip from 1941 to 1993.
Daily and Sunday strips by Dan Schkade.
"Flash Gordon" was relaunched as a combined daily and Sunday strip by Dan Schkade on October 22, 2023. The new series started with a Sunday page that established a new continuity adapted for a modern audience. The story arcs by Schkade have in general been published over a period of ten weeks, where each Sunday page has been a summary of the previous six daily strips from a specific character's perspective. The following are the story arcs by Schkade since October 23, 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="7038812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038812" title="Novocaine for the soul">
Novocaine for the soul



</doc>
<doc id="7038819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038819" title="Dorsal scapular vessels">
Dorsal scapular vessels



</doc>
<doc id="7038834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038834" title="Nandi Awards">
Nandi Awards

The Nandi Awards are annual awards presented by the Government of Andhra Pradesh to recognise excellence in Telugu cinema, theatre, and television, as well as lifetime achievements in Indian cinema. The awards are named after the monolithic sculpture of the sacred bull, Nandi, at Lepakshi, a cultural and historical symbol of the Telugu people.
The Nandi Awards are categorised into four levels: Swarnam (Gold), Rajatam (Silver), Kamsyam (Bronze), and Raagi (Copper). In addition to film and television awards, the government also presents the Nandi Natakotsavam Awards to honour outstanding contributions in social, mythological, and poetic dramas in Telugu theatre.
History.
The Government of Andhra Pradesh commissioned the Nandi Film Awards to recognise and commend the best films produced in the Telugu language in Andhra Pradesh from 1964 onwards. The objective of the film awards is to encourage the production of films in the Telugu language with high technical excellence and aesthetic values bearing cultural, educational, and social relevance and also promoting the integration and unity of the nation. Awards are given annually and are presented in a public event on Ugadi, Telugu New Year Day. The Government has transferred the activity relating to conferring Nandi Awards to the Film Television and Theatre Development Corporation. Since 1998, the awards have been organised by them.
The Awards are given in the categories of feature films, feature films on national integration, children's films, documentary films, educational films, and books/articles on Telugu cinema in Telugu language for the best films, producers, directors, artistes, and technicians. The awards are usually in the form of "Golden Nandi", "Silver Nandi", "Bronze Nandi", and "Copper Nandi", in addition to medals, and commendation certificates.
Selection criteria.
Annually, a state panel appointed by the Government of Andhra Pradesh selects the winning entries and the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh presents the awards at the public ceremony. A list of rules is presented every year in a document of regulations. The criteria for eligibility include many clauses. Among them is a direct requirement that the film, and particularly films entering the competition, should be produced in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, and in case of co-production involving a foreign entity, there are as many conditions which should be fulfilled in order for the film to qualify.
In order to be eligible for consideration of the jury, a film should be certified by the Central Board of Film Certification between 1 January and 31 December. The Government does not have influence over which films are selected for consideration and which films ultimately win the award. However, there are strict criteria which determine whether a film is eligible for consideration by the jury panels.
Honorary Awards – Gold.
Raghupathi Venkaiah Award.
The award is named after Raghupathi Venkaiah Naidu, and presented annually to "an eminent film personality for his outstanding contribution to Telugu cinema." (since 1980).
NTR National Award.
The NTR National Award is named in the memory of former chief minister and actor N. T. Rama Rao, and is presented to "an eminent film personality every year for outstanding contribution to the growth and development of Indian Cinema." (since 1996).
BN Reddy National Award.
The award is named after director B. N. Reddy and is presented to "an eminent film director for outstanding contribution to the growth and development of the Indian Cinema," annually from 2009. The awardee receives a cash price of 2 lakh, a special memento, citation and shawl.
Nagireddy–Chakrapani National Award.
Named after filmmakers, Nagi Reddi and Chakrapani, the award is presented annually since 2009 to "an eminent film producer or writer or technician or infrastructure provider to the film industry for outstanding growth and development of Indian cinema every year." The awardee receives a cash price of 2 lakh, a special memento, citation and shawl.
Nandi Award for Best Educational Film.
Since 1981, a Nandi Award for Best Educational Film has been attributed, although it was not awarded even year.

</doc>
<doc id="7038838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038838" title="Ridgefield Park High School">
Ridgefield Park High School

Ridgefield Park Junior-Senior High School is a six-year comprehensive community public high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grade from Ridgefield Park, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the Ridgefield Park Public Schools.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,157 students and 89.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.9:1. There were 377 students (32.6% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 163 (14.1% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Students from Little Ferry attend the district's high school as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Little Ferry Public Schools that has been in place since 1953. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools since 1930.
History.
In 1916, Ridgefield Park High School was the subject of a groundbreaking ruling by the New Jersey Commissioner of Education, who ruled that teachers could remove their jackets while in class. A principal and teacher at the high school had been removed from his duties, based on charges against him that included 'conduct unbecoming a teacher' related to the removal of his coat while teaching one day. The charges were dismissed and the teacher was reinstated.
In March 2006, alumnus Gregory Olsen (RPHS '62), an entrepreneur who paid $20 million to become the world's third paying space tourist visited his alma mater to share his experiences in space.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
For the 2005-06 school year, Ridgefield Park High School was one of 22 schools statewide selected as Governor's School of Excellence Winners, an award given to schools that have demonstrated significant academic improvement over the previous two academic years.
A team of students was one of five finalists in the 2004 New Jersey Business Idea Competition Winners at Fairleigh Dickinson University representing the Northern Region, which covers Bergen, Essex, Morris, Passaic, Sussex and Warren Counties. Three other RPHS teams were semi-finalists.
The school was the 209th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 237th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 207th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 180th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 161st in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school tied for 145th out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (a decrease of 25 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (81.3%) and language arts literacy (96.7%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Athletics.
The Ridgefield Park High School Scarlets compete in the Big North Conference, which is comprised of public and private high schools in Bergen and Passaic counties, and was established following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJISAA). Prior to the 2010 realignment, the school had competed in the Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL) American Conference, which included public and private high schools located in Bergen and Hudson counties. With 667 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group IV for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 486 to 758 students in that grade range. The football team competes in the American Red division of the North Jersey Super Football Conference, which includes 112 schools competing in 20 divisions, making it the nation's biggest football-only high school sports league. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group III North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 700 to 884 students.
The school participates in a joint wrestling team with Bogota High School as the host school / lead agency. The co-op program operates under agreements scheduled to expire at the end of the 2023–24 school year.
The boys' basketball team won the Group III state championship in 1924 (defeating Glen Ridge High School in the tournament final), 1926 (vs. Princeton High School), 1927 (vs. Roselle Park High School), 1934 (vs. Woodbury High School), 1944 (vs. Rahway High School), and won the Group II title in 1960 (vs. Riverside High School). The team won the 1924 state title in Class B (since recategorized as Group III) with a 31-27 overtime win against Glen Ridge in the championship game played at the Jersey City Armory. The 1926 team won the Class B (Group III) title with a 23-21 win against Princeton in the finals. A 40-25 win against Roselle Park gave the team the 1927 Class B (Group III) state title.
The baseball team won the Group III state championship in 1974 (defeating Franklin High School in the final game of the tournament) and 1977 (vs. Rancocas Valley Regional High School). The 1974 team defeated Franklin by a score of 4-1 in the Group III championship game to finish the season at 23-4. The 1977 team finished the season with a 24-9 record after winning the Group III title with a 2-1 victory against Rancocas Valley in the championship game.
The football team won the NJSIAA North I Group III state sectional championships in both 1975 and 1976, and won the North I Group II state titles in 1995 and 1996. The 1975 team finished the season with a 10-0-1 record after winning the North I Group III sectional title after defeating Northern Highlands Regional High School by a score of 10-8 in the championship game. The school has maintained a rivalry with Cliffside Park High School since the two schools first played each other, which was listed by "The Record" as one of the best in Bergen and Passaic counties; though the first game between the two schools was earlier, from 1950 through the 2017 season, Ridgefield Park is ahead with a 38-20-2 record in games between the two schools.
The girls fencing team was the overall team champion in 1978.
The cross country team won both the Big North Division Championship and the County Group C Championship in the 2011 fall cross country season. The team hadn't won a division championship since 1985 and had never won a county championship title. The team finished off their 2011 season with an undefeated dual meet record and several championship titles, including the Group 1-2 Maroon Invitational, the program's first invitational championship.
Popular culture.
13 of the 17 students featured in the 1978 documentary film "Scared Straight!" were from Ridgefield Park High School. Over 300 students, nearly a quarter of the school's enrollment, had voluntarily participated in the program at Rahway State Prison (now formally known as East Jersey State Prison), in which the students were given a hard look at the "physical and psychological brutality of prison life." The program was credited with contributing to a sharp drop in teen-aged crime in Ridgefield Park from 1976 to 1978.
Ridgefield Park High School was featured on TruTV's "The Principal's Office" in 2009.
Administration.
The school's principal is Melissa M. Cavins. Her core administrative team includes the assistant principal, director of athletics and two deans of students.

</doc>
<doc id="7038839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038839" title="Zachariah J. Loussac">
Zachariah J. Loussac

Zachariah Joshua "Zack" Loussac (1882 – March 15, 1965) was Mayor of Anchorage from 1948 to 1951.
Biography.
Zachariah Joshua Loussac was a Jew born in Pokrov, Vladimir Oblast, Russia in 1882. As an engineering student, he came under scrutiny for an interest in "some of the more liberal literature of the time."
In 1907, Loussac fled Tsarist Russia for Alaska, living in Nome, Unalakleet, Iditarod and Juneau before settling down in Anchorage in 1916 to open a drugstore at Fourth Avenue and E Street. He sold out of the drugstore business in 1942, and turned his efforts to philanthropy.
In 1946, with the aid of Elmer E. Rasmuson, Loussac created and endowed the Loussac Foundation, "dedicated to the promotion of recreational, cultural, scientific or educational activities in the Anchorage area." The next year, Loussac was elected to the first of two consecutive terms as Mayor of Anchorage. In 1949, at the age 66, he married Ada Harper. It was his only marriage.
In 1951, the Loussac Foundation underwrote the construction of a new, modern building to house the library at Fifth Avenue and F Street, replacing the older, cramped facilities at Fifth and E Street.
In 1952, Loussac served as an Alaska Territory Delegate to the Democratic National Convention. Over time, he also served as President of the Anchorage Chamber of Commerce, the Rotary Club and the Pioneers of Alaska.
The new library, which became known as the Loussac Library, opened its doors in 1955, by which time, Loussac had retired to Seattle. The library building was also home to the Cook Inlet Historical Society Museum, which later became the Anchorage Museum of History and Art.
On July 13, 1962, Loussac joined the municipally sponsored "Loussac Day" celebration to commemorate his 80th birthday. He died in Seattle on March 15, 1965. His ashes are interred in Angelus Memorial Park in Anchorage.
The first Loussac library was demolished in 1981 to make way for the William A. Egan Civic and Convention Center. In 1986, Anchorage opened a new four-story public library in midtown which was named the Z.J. Loussac Public Library.

</doc>
<doc id="7038840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038840" title="Hymenoxys">
Hymenoxys

Hymenoxys (rubberweed or bitterweed) is a genus of plants in the sunflower family, native to North and South America. It was named by Alexandre Henri Gabriel de Cassini in 1828.
Plants of this genus are toxic to sheep due to the presence of the sesquiterpene lactone hymenoxon.

</doc>
<doc id="7038846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038846" title="Oklahoma State Highway 117">
Oklahoma State Highway 117

State Highway 117 (abbreviated SH-117) is a state highway in the Tulsa, Oklahoma metropolitan area. The majority of the highway is in Creek County, with the easternmost in Tulsa County. SH-117 has one lettered spur in the city of Sapulpa, Oklahoma.
Route description.
SH-117 begins at SH-66 just west of Sapulpa. It briefly runs in an arc curving southeast-to-east before heading east. SH-117 ends in Glenpool at US-75.
SH-117 is known as Taft Avenue in Creek County, and 121st Street South in Tulsa County.
History.
SH-117 was extended east along US-75, 71st Street South, and Peoria Avenue in Tulsa to Interstate 44 in 1983, coinciding with the imminent opening of the 71st Street bridge across the Arkansas River. The eastern end was truncated back to its original ending at US-75 before 1990.
Spurs.
SH-117 has one lettered spur, SH-117A, which connects SH-117 to SH-66 along Mission Street in Sapulpa. It is long and lies entirely within Sapulpa city limits and Creek County.

</doc>
<doc id="7038847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038847" title="Kalamazoo Transportation Center">
Kalamazoo Transportation Center

The Kalamazoo Transportation Center is an Intermodal train and bus station in downtown Kalamazoo, Michigan. It is the second-busiest Amtrak station in Michigan, after Ann Arbor. The Kalamazoo Transportation Center serves as the main hub for Kalamazoo Metro local buses, and also serves intercity buses operated by Greyhound and Indian Trails.
The railroad station was built in 1887 by the Michigan Central Railroad, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. An expansion project in 2005 and 2006 renovated the original station building and added a bus station for local and intercity buses.
The station is served by Amtrak's and trains, as part of Amtrak's Michigan Services brand. The station was formerly served by the , a Toronto–Chicago service which operated from 1982 to 2004 as a partnership between Via Rail and Amtrak.
History.
The original depot was built in 1887 by the Michigan Central Railroad, to a design by architect Cyrus L. W. Eidlitz, replacing an earlier structure. Regular passenger rail service between Kalamazoo and Detroit had commenced in 1846. In the main part of its history in the latter 19th century and early 20th century, the depot hosted trains for the Michigan Central and the New York Central. Major NYC named trains passing through the station included the "Canadian" (east to Detroit and Toronto), the "Chicago Mercury" (east to Detroit) and the "Wolverine" (east to New York via Detroit and southwestern Canada, in contrast to the modern train).
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 11, 1975.
The station was rebuilt as a multi-modal facility in 2005. The project was a collaboration between local, state, and federal authorities, with the Department of Transportation awarding a $3.8 million grant.
Description.
The original Kalamazoo depot is a single-story Romanesque structure with a high hip-roofed central mass, and smaller hip-roofed sections on each end. A gable-roofed porch with a Syrian arch protrudes on one side of the central mass. The main structure has strong horizontal lines, counterbalanced by brick chimneys and an octagonal cupola that extend vertically from the roof. A conical turret and rock-faced masonry arches in the facade provide the Romanesque feel.

</doc>
<doc id="7038849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038849" title="Ansett flight 232">
Ansett flight 232



</doc>
<doc id="7038857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038857" title="Isaac Smith (Royal Navy officer)">
Isaac Smith (Royal Navy officer)

Isaac Smith (1752–1831) was a Rear-Admiral in the Royal Navy and cousin of Elizabeth Cook (née Batts) wife of Captain James Cook, with whom he sailed on two voyages of exploration in the South Pacific. Smith was the first European to set foot in eastern Australia and the first to prepare survey maps of various Pacific islands and coastlines including Tierra del Fuego in South America.
Early life.
Smith was born in London in 1752, the eldest of seven children of Charles and Hannah Smith and cousin to James Cook's wife Elizabeth. He enlisted for naval service in 1767 at the age of thirteen, using his family connections to secure an immediate ranking of able seaman and a position aboard under Cook's command, for a survey voyage off the west coast of Newfoundland. On 27 May 1768, and still ranked able seaman, he transferred to his second vessel, Cook's , at Deptford ahead of its expedition to the Pacific to observe the 1769 Transit of Venus and then to search the south Pacific for signs of the postulated "Terra Australis Incognita" (or "unknown southern land").
Pacific exploration.
Smith sailed with Cook to Tahiti, then to New Zealand and the east coast of Australia. On 28 April 1770 he became the first European to set foot on eastern Australian soil, Cook telling him "Jump out, Isaac" as the ship's boat touched the shore at Botany Bay. A month later on 23 May 1770, Smith was promoted to midshipman following James Magra's suspension on suspicion of having assaulted Cook's clerk.
Cook's lieutenant Zachary Hicks died from tuberculosis in May 1771, and was replaced by the master's mate Charles Clerke. In turn, Smith was promoted to fill Clerke's former role and served with distinction for the remainder of the voyage. Cook singled him out in a letter to the Secretary of the Admiralty in 1772, noting that Smith "had been of great use to me in assisting to make Surveys, Drawings &amp;c in which he is very expert."
Smith sailed again with Cook in 1772, as master's mate aboard . He assisted first mate Joseph Gilbert in drawing Cook's maps and survey charts during the voyage, including one of the first recorded maps of Tierra del Fuego in 1773. Smith's wider artistic talents were also demonstrated by the production of a small watercolour of icebergs, painted while "Resolution" sailed close to Antarctica in 1773. On "Resolution"s return Cook again singled Smith out for praise, advising Admiralty that he was "a Young man bred to the Sea under my care and who has been a very great assistant to me in [making charts], both in this and my former voyage."
Independent command.
On "Resolution"s return to England in 1775, Smith was promoted to lieutenant and given command of the elderly 16-gun sloop , holding this post for two years. In December 1787, he was promoted to post-captain in command of the 36-gun frigate HMS "Perseverance." The future Admiral John Surman Carden was a member of Smith's crew from 1787 to 1793, before his transfer to . As captain of "Perseverance", Smith was assigned to the East Indies Station under the overall command of Admiral William Cornwallis and took part in the capture at sea of the French frigate in 1791 at the Battle of Tellicherry, shortly before the outbreak of the first French Revolutionary War.
Later life.
Despite this achievement and continued commendation from his superiors, Smith's active service days were drawing to a close. In 1794 he contracted hepatitis, and his ill health gradually prevented him from performing his duties. In either 1804 or 1807 he applied for and received a promotion to the superannuated post of Rear Admiral and returned to England to retire.
In initial retirement Smith shared a house in Clapham with his cousin, Cook's widow Elizabeth, until in the 1820s he inherited Merton Abbey in Merton, Surrey, from his brother in law. He then divided his time between these two homes, until his death on 2 July 1831 at the age of 78.
His will left a sum of £700 to the church of St Mary the Virgin in Merton, the interest from which was to support the poor of the parish. A memorial to Smith, originally financed by Elizabeth Cook, stands in the church grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="7038858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038858" title="Rubberweed">
Rubberweed

Rubberweed is a common name that may refer to any of several plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae, including:

</doc>
<doc id="7038864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038864" title="4th Battalion 14th Mariens">
4th Battalion 14th Mariens



</doc>
<doc id="7038870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038870" title="Recombination-activating gene">
Recombination-activating gene

The recombination-activating genes (RAGs) encode parts of a protein complex that plays important roles in the rearrangement and recombination of the genes encoding immunoglobulin and T cell receptor molecules. There are two recombination-activating genes RAG1 and RAG2, whose cellular expression is restricted to lymphocytes during their developmental stages. The enzymes encoded by these genes, RAG-1 and RAG-2, are essential to the generation of mature B cells and T cells, two types of lymphocyte that are crucial components of the adaptive immune system.
Function.
In the vertebrate immune system, each antibody is customized to attack one particular antigen (foreign proteins and carbohydrates) without attacking the body itself. The human genome has at most 30,000 genes, and yet it generates millions of different antibodies, which allows it to be able to respond to invasion from millions of different antigens. The immune system generates this diversity of antibodies by shuffling, cutting and recombining a few hundred genes (the VDJ genes) to create millions of permutations, in a process called V(D)J recombination. RAG-1 and RAG-2 are proteins at the ends of VDJ genes that separate, shuffle, and rejoin the VDJ genes. This shuffling takes place inside B cells and T cells during their maturation.
RAG enzymes work as a multi-subunit complex to induce cleavage of a single double stranded DNA (dsDNA) molecule between the antigen receptor coding segment and a flanking recombination signal sequence (RSS). They do this in two steps. They initially introduce a ‘nick’ in the 5' (upstream) end of the RSS heptamer (a conserved region of 7 nucleotides) that is adjacent to the coding sequence, leaving behind a specific biochemical structure on this region of DNA: a 3'-hydroxyl (OH) group at the coding end and a 5'-phosphate (PO4) group at the RSS end. The next step couples these chemical groups, binding the OH-group (on the coding end) to the PO4-group (that is sitting between the RSS and the gene segment on the opposite strand). This produces a 5'-phosphorylated double-stranded break at the RSS and a covalently closed hairpin at the coding end. The RAG proteins remain at these junctions until other enzymes (notably, TDT) repair the DNA breaks.
The RAG proteins initiate V(D)J recombination, which is essential for the maturation of pre-B and pre-T cells. Activated mature B cells also possess two other remarkable, RAG-independent phenomena of manipulating their own DNA: so-called class-switch recombination (AKA isotype switching) and somatic hypermutation (AKA affinity maturation). Current studies have indicated that RAG-1 and RAG-2 must work in a synergistic manner to activate VDJ recombination. RAG-1 was shown to inefficiently induce recombination activity of the VDJ genes when isolated and transfected into fibroblast samples. When RAG-1 was cotransfected with RAG-2, recombination frequency increased by a 1000-fold. This finding has fostered the newly revised theory that RAG genes may not only assist in VDJ recombination, but rather, directly induce the recombinations of the VDJ genes.
Structure.
As with many enzymes, RAG proteins are fairly large. For example, mouse RAG-1 contains 1040 amino acids and mouse RAG-2 contains 527 amino acids. The enzymatic activity of the RAG proteins is concentrated largely in a core region; Residues 384–1008 of RAG-1 and residues 1–387 of RAG-2 retain most of the DNA cleavage activity. The RAG-1 core contains three acidic residues (D600, D708, and E962) in what is called the DDE motif, the major active site for DNA cleavage. These residues are critical for nicking the DNA strand and for forming the DNA hairpin. Residues 384–454 of RAG-1 comprise a nonamer-binding region (NBR) that specifically binds the conserved nonamer (9 nucleotides) of the RSS and the central domain (amino acids 528–760) of RAG-1 binds specifically to the RSS heptamer. The core region of RAG-2 is predicted to form a six-bladed beta-propeller structure that appears less specific than RAG-1 for its target.
Cryo-electron microscopy structures of the synaptic RAG complexes reveal a closed dimer conformation with generation of new intermolecular interactions between two RAG1-RAG2 monomers upon DNA binding, compared to the Apo-RAG complex which constitutes as an open conformation. Both RAG1 molecules in the closed dimer are involved in the cooperative binding of the 12-RSS and 23-RSS intermediates with base specific interactions in the heptamer of the signal end. The first base of the heptamer in the signal end is flipped out to avoid the clash in the active center. Each coding end of the nicked-RSS intermediate is stabilized exclusively by one RAG1-RAG2 monomer with non-specific protein-DNA interactions. The coding end is highly distorted with one base flipped out from the DNA duplex in the active center, which facilitates the hairpin formation by a potential two-metal ion catalytic mechanism. The 12-RSS and 23-RSS intermediates are highly bent and asymmetrically bound to the synaptic RAG complex with the nonamer binding domain dimer tilts towards the nonamer of the 12-RSS but away from the nonamer of the 23-RSS, which emphasizes the 12/23 rule. Two HMGB1 molecules bind at each side of 12-RSS and 23-RSS to stabilize the highly bent RSSs. These structures elaborate the molecular mechanisms for DNA recognition, catalysis and the unique synapsis underlying the 12/23 rule, provide new insights into the RAG-associated human diseases, and represent a most complete set of complexes in the catalytic pathways of any DDE family recombinases, transposases or integrases.
Evolution.
Based on core sequence homology, it is believed that RAG1 evolved from a transposase from the "Transib" superfamily. No "Transib" family members include an N-terminal sequence found in RAG1 suggesting the N-terminal of RAG1 came from a separate element. The N-terminal region of RAG1 has been found in the transposable element "N-RAG-TP" in the sea slug, "Aplysia californica", which contains the entire RAG1 N-terminal. It is likely that the full RAG1 structure was derived from the recombination between a "Transib" and the "N-RAG-TP" transposon.
A transposon with RAG2 arranged next to RAG1 has been identified in the purple sea urchin. Active "Transib" transposons with both RAG1 and RAG2 ("ProtoRAG") has been discovered in "B. belcheri" (Chinese lancelet) and "Psectrotarsia flava" (a moth). The terminal inverted repeats (TIR) in lancelet ProtoRAG have a heptamer-spacer-nonamer structure similar to that of RSS, but the moth ProtoRAG lacks a nonamer. The nonamer-binding regions and the nonamer sequences of lancelet ProtoRAG and animal RAG are different enough to not recognize each other. The structure of the lancelet protoRAG has been solved (), providing some understanding on what changes lead to the domestication of RAG genes.
Although the transposon origins of these genes are well-established, there is still no consensus on when the ancestral RAG1/2 locus became present in the vertebrate genome. Because agnathans (a class of jawless fish) lack a core RAG1 element, it was traditionally assumed that RAG1 invaded after the agnathan/gnathostome split 1001 to 590 million years ago (MYA). However, the core sequence of RAG1 has been identified in the echinoderm "Strongylocentrotus purpuratus" (purple sea urchin), the amphioxi "Branchiostoma floridae" (Florida lancelet). Sequences with homology to RAG1 have also been identified in "Lytechinus veriegatus" (green sea urchin), "Patiria minata" (sea star), the mollusk "Aplysia californica," and protostomes including oysters, mussels, ribbon worms, and the non-bilaterian cnidarians. These findings indicate that the "Transib" family transposon invaded multiple times in non-vertebrate species, and invaded the ancestral jawed vertebrate genome about 500 MYA. It is hypothesized that the absence of RAG-like genes in jawless vertebrates and urochordates is due to horizontal gene transfer or gene loss in certain phylogenetic groups due to conventional vertical transmission. Recent analysis has shown the RAG phylogeny to be gradual and directional, suggesting an evolutionary path that relies on vertical transmission. This hypothesis suggests that the RAG1/2-like pair may have been present in its current form in most metazoan lineages and was lost in the jawless vertebrate and urochordate lineages. There is no evidence that the V(D)J recombination system arose earlier than the vertebrate lineage. It is currently hypothesized that the invasion of RAG1/2 is the most important evolutionary event in terms of shaping the gnathostome adaptive immune system vs. the agnathan variable lymphocyte receptor system.
Selective pressure.
It is still unclear what forces led to the development of a RAG1/2-mediated immune system exclusively in jawed vertebrates and not in any invertebrate species that also acquired the RAG1/2-containing transposon. Current hypotheses include two whole-genome duplication events in vertebrates, which would provide the genetic raw material for the development of the adaptive immune system, and the development of endothelial tissue, greater metabolic activity, and a decreased blood volume-to-body weight ratio, all of which are more specialized in vertebrates than invertebrates and facilitate adaptive immune responses.

</doc>
<doc id="7038877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038877" title="Lorenzo de` Medici Il Magnifico">
Lorenzo de` Medici Il Magnifico



</doc>
<doc id="7038880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038880" title="Walter E. Rogers">
Walter E. Rogers

Walter Edward Rogers (July 19, 1908 – May 31, 2001) was a Democratic United States Representative from Texas.
He was born in Texarkana, Arkansas in 1908. He received his law degree from the University of Texas in 1935 and became the city attorney for Pampa, Texas three years later.
Rogers was elected to Congress in 1950 and served until he retired in 1967. He was one of five Texas congressmen to sign the Southern Manifesto in 1956, a resolution in protest against the United States Supreme Court decision in "Brown v. Board of Education". Rogers was the only member of the combined House of Representatives or Senate to vote against honorary citizenship for Winston Churchill in 1963. On November 22, 1963, Rogers was in the motorcade in Dallas when President Kennedy was assassinated, though four cars back.
The congressman died on May 31, 2001, in Naples, Florida, at the age of 92.

</doc>
<doc id="7038884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038884" title="Indigenous Australian kinship">
Indigenous Australian kinship



</doc>
<doc id="7038885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038885" title="Cyrus the Virus">
Cyrus the Virus



</doc>
<doc id="7038896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038896" title="Al Hamiri">
Al Hamiri



</doc>
<doc id="7038897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038897" title="Lyndhurst High School">
Lyndhurst High School

Lyndhurst High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Lyndhurst, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the Lyndhurst School District.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 835 students and 61.4 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.6:1. There were 186 students (22.3% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 63 (7.5% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
Lyndhurst High School opened for the 1926–27 school year. The school building was formally dedicated at ceremonies held in March 1927.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 165th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 162nd in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 178th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 182nd in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 179th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 188th out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (an increase of 38 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the two components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA), mathematics (80.3%) and language arts literacy (91.7%).
Athletics.
The Lyndhurst High School Golden Bears participate in the Meadowlands Division of the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference, which is comprised of small-enrollment schools in Bergen, Hudson, Morris and Passaic counties, and was created following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). With 547 students in grades 10–12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group II for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 486 to 758 students in that grade range. Prior to the NJSIAA's realignment that took place in the fall of 2010, Lyndhurst was part of the Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL). The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group II North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 484 to 683 students.
The school participates as the host school / lead agency for a joint cooperative boys / girls swimming and wrestling teams with North Arlington High School. Lyndhurst and Hackensack High School participate in a joint ice hockey team, in which Paramus High School is the host school. These co-op programs operate under agreements scheduled to expire at the end of the 2023–24 school year.
The boys track team won the Group II spring / outdoor track state championship in 1949.
The boys track team won the overall public school indoor track state championship in 1967, 1975 (as co-champion) and 1982. The girls team was the all-group co-champion in 1979.
The boys baseball team won the North I Group III state sectional championship in 1964 and 1966, won the North I Group II state sectional title in 1970 and earned the Group I state championship in 2008. The 2008 team won the North II Group I state sectional championship over Weehawken High School, and the BCSL National Division, and went on to take the program's first ever state championship, winning the Group I title with a 7–3 win in the tournmanet final against Robbinsville High School, earning the school's first group championship in 40 years.
The football team won the NJSIAA North I Group II state sectional championship in 1983 and 2019. Finishing the season 11–0, the 1983 team defeated Newton High School by a score of 28–6 in the North I Group II championship game. The 2019 team defeated Parsippany High School by a score of 26–7 in the finals of the playoffs to win the North I Group II sectional championship for the second time.
The 1990 girls volleyball team finished the season with a 19–2 record after winning the Group II state championship against runner-up Rutherford High School in two games (15-4, 15–3) in the tournament final.
The bowling team won the Group I state championship in 2015 and went on to win the Tournament of Champions, defeating Group IV champion Freehold Township High School in the finals.
Led by Patrick Rono (son of Olympian gold-medalist Peter Rono) who won the 2010 Group I individual title, the Golden Bears men's cross country team won their first North Jersey Group I sectional title, and would repeat as champions in 2013 and 2014. 2010 marked the first time the Bears qualified for the Bergen County Meet of Champions as a team. Rono finished seventh at the Foot Locker Northeast Regional in Sunken Meadow State Park in Kings Park, New York; The finish earned a spot to Foot Locker Nationals, held in Balboa Park in San Diego, making Rono the first male runner from North Jersey to earn an invitation in two decades. Rono finished 24th in a race with 40 of the nation's elite runners.
Administration.
The school's principal is Laura Vuono. Her administration team includes the assistant principal.

</doc>
<doc id="7038902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038902" title="Mohammed Abdullah Al-Hamiri">
Mohammed Abdullah Al-Hamiri



</doc>
<doc id="7038906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038906" title="Mohammed Abdullah al-Hamiri">
Mohammed Abdullah al-Hamiri



</doc>
<doc id="7038907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038907" title="Organization for Security and Coöperation in Europe">
Organization for Security and Coöperation in Europe



</doc>
<doc id="7038913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038913" title="Huaychivo">
Huaychivo



</doc>
<doc id="7038918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038918" title="Glenn Eschtruth">
Glenn Eschtruth

Glen R. Eschtruth, M.D. (April 19, 1928 – April 19, 1977) was a Methodist medical missionary who operated a mission hospital in Kapanga, Zaire (now Congo-Kinshasa) from 1960 with his wife, Lena Eschtruth. 
Eschtruth graduated from Wayne State University in Detroit, USA with a degree in medicine. He went on to become Chief of Surgery in the US Air Force at Cape Kennedy; he then established and pastored the United Methodist Church at Cocoa Beach in Florida, before going to England to study Tropical Medicine.
Eschtruth and his wife Lena travelled to Congo in 1961 with their three young daughters. By 1970, they were running the hospital and had also set up 23 rural clinics.
In early 1977, the Congolese National Liberation Front (FNLC) launched an offensive into Zaire from neighboring Angola, known as the Shaba I incursion. Along with a number of other missionaries and aid workers in the Kapanga region, Glen and Lena were placed under house arrest by the FNLC militants. When Zairian forces, with Western assistance, successfully repelled the invasion, Glen, on or about 15 April 1977, was seized by the FNLC as they evacuated Kapanga. He was accused of hiding and using ham radios. He was shot dead and his body was found in a shallow grave not far from Kapanga. Eschtruth was the only foreign national to be killed in the course of the invasion.
Lena Eschtruth married a missionary mechanic, Herbert Ellinger, in 1997.
Their daughter, Caroline Rush Eschtruth, was briefly married (1976–78) to American researcher Steven Hatfill.

</doc>
<doc id="7038931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038931" title="Yugntruf">
Yugntruf

Yugntruf – Youth for Yiddish () is an organization of young Yiddish-speaking adults that is dedicated to the spread of the Yiddish language through various programs and events. It was founded by David Roskies and Gavi Trunk under the guidance of the late Dr. Mordkhe Schaechter in 1964.
Name.
"Yugntruf" () means “call of [the] youth” 
and “call to youth”.
It combines the words (, “youth; the young”) and (, “call”, cognate of German ).
Activities.
It hosts events such as
In addition, Yugntruf sponsors a literary magazine as well as the publishing of books for children in Yiddish. Many members of Yugntruf have decided to raise their children as Yiddish speakers.

</doc>
<doc id="7038934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038934" title="The Very Best Of The Smiths">
The Very Best Of The Smiths



</doc>
<doc id="7038941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038941" title="The Time Of Our Lives">
The Time Of Our Lives



</doc>
<doc id="7038945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038945" title="Wallington High School">
Wallington High School

Wallington Jr./Sr. High School is a six-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grades from Wallington, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the Wallington Public Schools.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 566 students and 40.3 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.0:1. There were 158 students (27.9% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 47 (8.3% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
Before the opening of the high school, students from Wallington had attended East Rutherford High School as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the East Rutherford School District under which tuition was paid for students attendance.
The new high school opened in September 1951 for students in ninth grade. Students who had already been enrolled at East Rutherford High School or Lodi High School completed their education at the receiving school through their graduation.
The school, said to have the state's largest gymnasium at , was formally dedicated in November 1951.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 223rd-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 239th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 204th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 200th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 206th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Athletics.
The Wallington High School Panthers participate in the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference, which is comprised of small-enrollment schools in Bergen, Hudson, Morris and Passaic counties, and was established following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Prior to realignment that took effect in the fall of 2010, the school was a member of the Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL) in the National Division. With 264 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group I for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 75 to 476 students in that grade range. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group I North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 254 to 474 students.
The school participates in joint girls soccer and boys tennis teams with Henry P. Becton Regional High School as the host school / lead agency. These co-op programs operate under agreements scheduled to expire at the end of the 2023–24 school year.
The 1986 girls volleyball team finished the season with a 20–2 record after winning the Group I state championship, defeating runner-up Bogota High School in two games (15–13 and 15–12) in the final match of the tournament.
Under Hall of Fame coach Leonard J. Smith, the Panthers 1959 football team finished the season undefeated with a record of 7–0–1 and were awarded the North I, Group I state championship. In the playoff era, the team has won the North I Group I state sectional championship in 1990 and 2010. The team won the 1990 North I Group I sectional title with a 28–22 win in the championship game against Cresskill High School. The team won the 2010 North I Group I sectional championship, beating Mountain Lakes High School by a score of 23–21 at New Meadowlands Stadium. The defeat ended a 35-game winning streak for Mountain Lakes, at the time the longest such streak in New Jersey. Wallington has maintained a rivalry with Henry P. Becton Regional High School since the two schools first played each other in 1973, which was listed by "The Record" as one of the best in Bergen and Passaic counties; through the 2017 season, Becton leads with a 15–5 record in games between the two schools.
The boys' soccer team won the 2009 North I, Group I state sectional title with a 4–0 win vs. Leonia High School. The team won the 2010 North I, Group I state sectional tournament for a second consecutive year with a 2–1 win over Midland Park High School. The soccer team went on to win the Group I state championship, the first for the team in school history, with a win in the tournament finals against South River High School by a score of 1–0.
Administration.
The school's principal is Michael Fromfield. His core administration team includes the vice principal.

</doc>
<doc id="7038946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038946" title="Jacks (1960s Japanese Band)">
Jacks (1960s Japanese Band)



</doc>
<doc id="7038951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038951" title="Carnuba wax">
Carnuba wax



</doc>
<doc id="7038954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038954" title="Alfonso VII of Castile">
Alfonso VII of Castile



</doc>
<doc id="7038965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038965" title="Please (Braxton)">
Please (Braxton)



</doc>
<doc id="7038968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038968" title="Trippin' (That's The Way Love Works)">
Trippin' (That's The Way Love Works)



</doc>
<doc id="7038973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038973" title="List of radio stations in Key West">
List of radio stations in Key West



</doc>
<doc id="7038986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7038986" title="Kumagai Naozane">
Kumagai Naozane

 (March 24, 1141 – September 27, 1207/October 25, 1208) was a famous soldier who served the Genji (Minamoto) clan during the Heian period and Kamakura era of Japanese medieval history. Kumagai is particularly known for his exploits during the Genpei War, specifically for killing the young warrior Taira no Atsumori at the battle of Ichi-no-tani in 1184. Later in life he became a Jōdo-shū Buddhist priest, as a disciple of Hōnen. Atsumori's death and the circumstances surrounding it went on to be fictionalized and retold in numerous forms, including the "Heike Monogatari" epic, a number of Noh plays, and in the "jōruri" and kabuki theatres as well.
Birth and origins.
Kumagai was born in Kumagai village, in the Ōsato District of Musashi Province. He lost his father at a young age, and was raised by his maternal uncle, Hisaka Naomitsu. When Minamoto no Yoritomo first raised his army, Kumagai sided with the Taira clan (Heike). However, he soon switched allegiances to the Minamoto clan (Genji). Kumagai's most well-known battle was at Ichi no Tani, where he confronted the Heike prince, Taira no Atsumori.
Atsumori and Ichi-no-tani.
During the battle of Ichi-no-Tani, Atsumori and Kumagai met on the beach at Suma, as the main Genji force approached and the Heike fled to their ships. As it is told in the "Heike Monogotari", Kumagai caught up with Atsumori, who was fleeing on horseback. Kumagai managed to throw Atsumori from his horse and ripped off the helmet of the prone Atsumori. It was then that Kumagai realized that he had caught a young prince, based on the fine makeup and robes. Atsumori then tells Kumagai to take his head, but Kumagai hesitates because Atsumori reminded him of his own son, roughly the same age. Kumagai wished to spare Atsumori's life, due to his kind nature, but saw that his fellow Genji soldiers were approaching. Tearfully, he promises to recite prayers to Atsumori, and cuts off his head.
The Noh play "Atsumori" describes Atsumori's death as follows:
After taking the time to look through Atsumori's belongings, he found a certain flute, known as the "Saeda" ("Little Branch"). Discovering that the flute was given to Taira no Tadamori by Emperor Toba, and later passed down to Atsumori, he reportedly felt even more sadness and regret for his actions. That morning, Kumagai had heard someone playing the flute with skill outside the enemy camp, and he now realized that that flute player may have been Atsumori.
Priesthood.
Later in life, Kumagai remained remorseful over the people he killed in his career as a soldier, and grew discontented with following Minamoto no Yoritomo, so he visited the Pure Land Buddhist Hōnen and explained that he was concerned with the afterlife. Hōnen told him that he need only recite the name of Amida Buddha, the nembutsu, and that regardless of his former life, he would be reborn in the Pure Land. Kumagai was said to have burst into tears, fearing that Hōnen would instruct him to "cut off his hands and feet or give up his life" in order to find salvation from his sins.
From there, Kumagai became a close follower of Hōnen and Jōdo-shū Buddhism, and took the ordained named "Rensei" (蓮生). Letters are still preserved between Hōnen and Rensei, where Hōnen advises Rensei to continue reciting the nembutsu, and to look after his aging mother. Rensei later made a written vow before a statue of Amida Buddha, stating that he would strive to reach the highest rebirth in the Pure Land, as depicted in the Buddhist text, the Contemplation Sutra:
As a close disciple of Hōnen, Rensei became a popular instructor on Pure Land Buddhism and helped spread the new doctrine to others who also became Hōnen's disciples. In the summer of 1206, Rensei/Kumagai died one morning while repeating the nenbutsu over and over in front of a hung image of Amida Buddha and his attendant Bodhisattvas.

</doc>
<doc id="7039012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039012" title="Remzi Aydın Jöntürk">
Remzi Aydın Jöntürk

Remzi Aydın Jöntürk (September 15, 1936 – September 2, 1987) was a Turkish filmmaker, actor, screenwriter, and producer. He directed more than 72 feature films in his long career.
Jöntürk is credited for creating and directing some of the most famous examples of the Turkish psychedelic cinema including "Yarınsız Adam" ("The Man without Tomorrow") and "Yıkılmayan Adam" ("The Indestructible Man"), both starring Cüneyt Arkın as part of his psychedelic socio-political action "The Adam Trilogy". He is considered one of the most prominent psychedelic-action film makers of 1970's Turkish cinema during its boom period.
Life.
Son of İbrahim Aydın who was a military officer, Jöntürk was born September 15, 1936, in Erzincan, Turkey where his father was appointed as central government representative. He studied at the prestigious Kuleli Military High School, and then at Istanbul Institute of Journalism and Academy of Fine Arts. Jöntürk entered into cinema in the 1960s starting out as a set designer in Yesilcam. While an assistant director to Sureyya Duru, in 1964, he directed his first film "Zımba Gibi Delikanlı" starring Palme d'Or winner Yılmaz Güney. He died September 2, 1987, at age 50 in a traffic accident in Çanakkale, Turkey, just 13 days shy of his 51st birthday.
Banning of "Zindan" in Germany.
"Zindan" ("Prison") a 1974 action film directed by Jöntürk, was banned in Germany in 1988.
Filmography.
Films as actor (5 films)
Films as director (72 films)
Films as producer (5 films)
Films as scriptwriter (44 films)
Films as book author (1 film)
Films as assistant director (1 film)

</doc>
<doc id="7039015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039015" title="Muhammad Ali Boxing Reform Act">
Muhammad Ali Boxing Reform Act

The Muhammad Ali Boxing Reform Act, commonly referred to as the Ali Act, is a federal law that was introduced in 1999 and enacted on May 26, 2000, by the 106th Congress to:
The Act amends the 1996 Professional Boxing Safety Act by expanding upon legislation against exploitation, conflict of interest, enforcement, as well as additional amendments. The Act was enacted in response to widespread abuse of boxers by means of exploitation, rigged rankings, and rigged matches.
The United States Congress noted through research that there were a number of problems with the sport of boxing which needed to be changed to ensure the safety and protection of professional boxers. Listed are a number of discoveries made by Congress:
The Act received several criticisms. One criticism was that the Act provides rules but leaves the enforcement of these rules to the state without defined guidelines. Other criticism stems from the belief that Congress has no purpose regulating the boxing industry, as there is no precedent of Congress regulating any other sport.
In May 2016, a bill was introduced to Congress by politician and former mixed martial artist Markwayne Mullin, to extend the Ali Act to mixed martial arts.

</doc>
<doc id="7039023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039023" title="Rhodesian people (Early History)">
Rhodesian people (Early History)



</doc>
<doc id="7039026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039026" title="Juice williams">
Juice williams



</doc>
<doc id="7039030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039030" title="Darling's Observatory">
Darling's Observatory

Darling's Observatory, built from 1916–17, was a private observatory built by J. H. Darling in Duluth, Minnesota. The site of the observatory was on West 3rd Sreet between 9th and 10th avenues in Duluth and sat about 325 feet above Lake Superior (927 feet above sea level). Plans for the building were drawn by Richard E. Schmidt of Garden &amp; Martin of Chicago. The blueprints for the steel dome were prepared by Darling himself after inspecting domes from various other observatories. The wooden building had a stucco exterior finish.
In 1965, the University of Minnesota Duluth (UMD) took possession of the observatory's Telescope, where it remains on display. In 1972, the building, which had been repeatedly vandalized, was demolished. 
Telescopes.
The observatory contained a 9-inch refracting telescope made by William Gaertner &amp; Company of Chicago, Illinois. Soon after Darling placed the order, Gaertner &amp; Co. replied that they were unable to obtain glass for the lens because of limited supplies during World War I. However, John A. Brashear Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania manufacturer of some of the World's finest optical instruments, had on-hand a nine-inch objective, which Darling was able to obtain. The telescope was completed and set up in April 1917 at a cost at about $3,500.
The Marshall W. Alworth Planetarium, located at the UMD, is now the home of Darling's Telescope.

</doc>
<doc id="7039031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039031" title="John Ebenezer Esslemont">
John Ebenezer Esslemont



</doc>
<doc id="7039035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039035" title="List of stands">
List of stands



</doc>
<doc id="7039047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039047" title="Body of vertebra">
Body of vertebra



</doc>
<doc id="7039052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039052" title="Vincentio Reinieri">
Vincentio Reinieri

Vincentio (Vincenzio, Vincenzo) Reinieri (Renieri, Reiner) (30 March 1606 – 5 November 1647) was an Italian mathematician and astronomer. He was a friend and disciple of Galileo Galilei.
Biography.
Born at Genoa, he was a member of the Olivetan order. His order sent him to Rome in 1623. He met Galileo at Siena in 1633. Galileo had Reinieri update and attempt to improve his astronomical tables of the motions of Jupiter's moons, revising these tables for prediction of the positions of these satellites.
Reinieri's work led him to Arcetri, where he befriended Vincenzo Viviani. Reinieri enjoyed the same spirit of inquiry and love of debate as his mentor. On 5 February 1641 Reinieri wrote to Galileo from Pisa: "Not infrequently I am in some battle with the Peripatetic gentlemen, particularly when I note that those fattest with ignorance least appreciate your worth, and I have just given the head of one of those a good scrubbing." (Drake, p. 413-4)
Reinieri became professor of mathematics at the University of Pisa on the death of Dino Peri. He also taught Greek there. His astronomical work consisted of adding new observations of Jupiter's moons to Galileo's. To some degree, Reinieri improved the Galilean tables on the motions of these satellites. Before his death, Galileo decided to place all of the papers containing his observations and calculations in the hands of Reinieri. Reinieri was to finish and revise them.
Reinieri's observations of Jupiter's moons remained unpublished at the time of his premature death at Pisa in 1647. He was succeeded to the chair of mathematics by Famiano Michelini (c. 1600-1666).
Legacy.
On Reinieri's death, papers concerning longitude entrusted to him by Galileo are said to have been stolen by a man named Giuseppe Agostini (Fahie, p. 374). However, scholars such as Antonio Favaro doubt whether this theft actually occurred (see Antonio Favaro, "Documenti inediti per la Storia dei MSS. Galileiani", Rome, 1886, pp. 8–14).
The crater Reiner on the Moon is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="7039055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039055" title="Body of thoracic vertebra">
Body of thoracic vertebra



</doc>
<doc id="7039058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039058" title="Over my head">
Over my head



</doc>
<doc id="7039060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039060" title="Test Anything Protocol">
Test Anything Protocol

The Test Anything Protocol (TAP) is a protocol for communicating between test logic, called a TAP producer, and a test harness in a language-agnostic way. Originally developed for unit testing of the Perl interpreter in 1987, producers and parsers are now available for many development platforms.
History.
TAP was created for the first version of the Perl programming language (released in 1987), as part of Perl's core test harness (). The codice_1 module was written by Tim Bunce and Andreas König to allow Perl module authors to take advantage of TAP. It became the "de facto" standard for Perl testing.
Development of TAP, including standardization of the protocol, writing of test producers and consumers, and evangelizing the language is coordinated at the TestAnything website.
As a protocol which is agnostic of programming language, TAP unit testing libraries expanded beyond their Perl roots and have been developed for various languages and systems such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, JavaScript and other implementations listed on the project site. A TAP C library is included as part of the FreeBSD Unix distribution and is used in the system's regression test suite.
Specification.
A formal specification for this protocol exists in the codice_2 and codice_3 modules. The behavior of the codice_1 module is the de facto TAP standard implementation, along with a writeup of the specification on TestAnything.org.
A project to produce an IETF standard for TAP was initiated in August 2008, at YAPC::Europe 2008.
Examples.
Here's an example of TAP's general format:
1..48
ok 1 Description # Directive
ok 47 Description
ok 48 Description
For example, a test file's output might look like:
1..4
ok 1 - Input file opened
not ok 2 - First line of the input valid.
 More output from test 2. There can be
 arbitrary number of lines for any output
 so long as there is at least some kind
 of whitespace at beginning of line.
ok 3 - Read the rest of the file
not ok 4 - Summarized correctly # TODO: not written yet

</doc>
<doc id="7039064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039064" title="Impossible Mission 2025">
Impossible Mission 2025

Impossible Mission 2025 is a side scrolling platform and action game for the Amiga computer system. It's a remake of the 1984 game "Impossible Mission". It was released by MicroProse in 1994 as two different versions. One for the Amiga 500 and 600 systems, and a version for the AGA enhanced Amiga 1200, 4000 and CD32 systems. Console conversions were being developed for the Super NES and Sega Genesis, but never released.
Characters.
The player can take control of either the female Tasha, male Felix Fly, or robot RAM 2. Each has different strengths and weaknesses.
The player can choose to play as any of the three characters.
Development.
Producer Stuart Whyte explained the motivation behind "Impossible Mission 2025":
The source code for "Impossible Mission" had been lost in an earthquake, so programmers Tim Cannell and Paul Dunning had to hack the Commodore 64 version of the game and retrieve its assets so that the game could be included in "Impossible Mission 2025". For the new game, lead designer Scott Johnson recalled, "We really wanted to have scrolling included but still retain the essence of the original gameplay. What I really wanted to keep was the awesome animation from the originals. We ended up building the characters as 3D meshes in 3DS and rendering the animation out as bitmaps."
The appearance of Elvin Atombender was difficult to pull off, according to artist Drew Northcott. To get a visual image of the powersuit's "mix of encumbrance and empowerment", Northcott taped bricks to his bike boots and mic stands to his arms, then stomped around an empty office while art director Andy Cook videotaped him.
The game was originally developed for the Super NES and Genesis, with the Amiga versions to follow after. The Super NES version was announced in 1994, but neither it nor the Genesis version were released. Whyte explained, "... Microprose had gotten way late into the console space and were trying to catch up, and the 16-bit consoles were reaching the end of their lifespan. Ordering large quantities of cartridges from Japan was a risky thing, and due to this there were fewer releases than we'd hoped." A review was published in the August 1994 issue (Volume 63) of "Nintendo Power", which claimed the Super NES version would've featured more sophisticated graphics and smoother play control than the prior versions.
Technical information.
There are three versions of "Impossible Mission 2025". A standard version for the Amiga 500 and Amiga 600, an enhanced (AGA) version for the Amiga 1200 and Amiga 4000 systems and a CD32 version based on the AGA. The versions required 1 and 2MB of RAM respectively. The game is hard disk installable. There is manual copy protection which involves the user being required to type the number from the bottom of a specific page. The game also comes with a built in system which will make fair use backups for the user.
The CD32 version received additional animations for intro, ending and between levels, and CD audio music.

</doc>
<doc id="7039075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039075" title="Wood-Ridge High School">
Wood-Ridge High School

Wood-Ridge High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grade from Wood-Ridge, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the Wood-Ridge School District. The school was established in 1922.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 522 students and 46.4 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.3:1. There were 7 students (1.3% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 23 (4.4% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Approximately 100 public school students from Moonachie attend Wood-Ridge High School, as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Moonachie School District.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 232nd-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 176th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 137th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 101st in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 143rd in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Athletics.
The Wood-Ridge High School Blue Devils participate in the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference, which is comprised of small-enrollment schools in Bergen, Hudson County, Morris County and Passaic County counties, and was created following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Prior to the NJSIAA's realignment that took effect in the fall of 2010, Wood-Ridge was a member of the Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL). With 327 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group I for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 75 to 476 students in that grade range. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group I North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 254 to 474 students.
Interscholastic programs available at the high school include:
Administration.
The school's principal is Silvia Raguseo-Ruiz. Her core administration team includes the assistant principal / athletic director.

</doc>
<doc id="7039090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039090" title="Stanze di Rafaello">
Stanze di Rafaello



</doc>
<doc id="7039095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039095" title="Giro">
Giro

Giro or GIRO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7039100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039100" title="Melicytus crassifolius">
Melicytus crassifolius

Melicytus crassifolius (thick-leaved mahoe; syn. "Hymenanthera crassifolia" Hook.f.) is an ornamental plant of Violaceae family, which is native to New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="7039104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039104" title="Television timeout">
Television timeout

A television timeout (alternately TV timeout or media timeout) is a break in a televised live event for the purpose of television broadcasting. This allows commercial broadcasters to take an advertising break, or issue their required hourly station identification, without causing viewers to miss part of the action.
Programs making use of timeouts are usually live-action sporting events. However, other live programs occasionally make use of timeouts for advertising purposes, such as the Academy Awards and the Eurovision Song Contest.
Use by sport.
American football (NFL).
The National Football League requires sixteen commercial breaks per game, with eight in each half. Exceptions to this are overtime periods, which have none. These breaks run either one minute or two minutes in length. Of the eight commercial breaks per half, two are mandatory: at the end of the first or third quarter, and at the two-minute warning for the end of the half. The remaining six breaks are optional. The timeouts can be applied after field goal tries, conversion attempts for both one and two points following touchdowns, changes in possession either by punts or turnovers, and kickoffs (except for the ones that start each half, or are within the last five minutes). The breaks are also called during stoppages due to injury, instant replay challenges, when either of the participating teams uses one of its set of timeouts, and if the network needs to catch up on its commercial advertisement schedule. The arrangement for college football contests is the same.
A network television coordinator on the field wears a long pair of blaze orange gloves and indicates a television timeout with one arm raised, then lowers it when the game broadcaster returns to coverage.
Association football.
Association football (or soccer) has no formal television timeouts or commercial breaks, due to the continuous live action from opening kick throughout a half to the whistle at the conclusion of stoppage time. However, the interval between the two halves is approximately 15 minutes. There are no commercial breaks during any extra periods or during any penalty shootouts in FIFA World Cup matches; however, a television timeout may happen between the second period of extra time and the penalty shootout, depending on the broadcaster.
During the 2021/22 season, the Australian A-League Men TV broadcast games introduced a short break of approximately one minute that takes place in the middle of each half of the game. Initially these breaks were disguised to the viewers as being the FIFA-mandated hot weather "drinks breaks", but were subsequently taken in games held during cool night time conditions and referees could be heard on pitch side microphones confirming a delay for ad breaks. Following player and fan complaints the practice was abandoned (legitimate hot weather water breaks still occur).
Australian rules football.
After a goal has been scored, before the umpire bounces the ball in the center square to restart play, they go to commercial for 30 seconds on free-to-air television only. There is no TV timeout after a behind is scored.
Baseball.
No formal television timeout, but the interval between the end of a half-inning is set between two and three minutes for televised games, and during pitching changes that happen in the middle of an inning for the pitcher to warm up. The pitch clocks surrounding the field are used to indicate to spectators and those on the field how much time remains before the inning's start and the game broadcasters have returned to coverage of the game.
Basketball.
College men.
In college basketball, there is a break at the first whistle after 4-minute intervals (beyond the 16:00, 12:00, 8:00, and 4:00 minute mark of each half). Additionally, the first timeout requested by either team in the second half shall become the length of a timeout called for by the electronic-media agreement. If free throws are to be shot, a timeout is taken first. Effective with the 2015–16 season, when a team calls a timeout within the 30-second window before the next scheduled TV timeout break, the called timeout takes the place of the scheduled TV timeout.
College women and FIBA.
Media timeouts are taken at the first whistle after the 5:00 mark in each quarter. Any called timeout before the 5-minute mark of a quarter becomes the media timeout. Organisers have the option in FIBA play to implement a television timeout at the next whistle following the same point.
NBA.
In the NBA, there must be two timeouts in each quarter (known as mandatory timeouts). These timeouts only occur at the first whistle after a certain minute mark.
1st mandatory timeout (less than 7:00 minutes remaining)
If no team has called a timeout, a timeout is automatically charged to the home team.
2nd mandatory timeout (less than 3:00 minutes remaining)
If no subsequent timeout is taken, a timeout is automatically charged to the team not previously charged.
Length
The first and second timeouts in each quarter are 2 minutes 45 seconds for locally televised games, and 3 minutes 15 seconds for nationally televised games (including any games that may also be locally televised). Other timeouts in a quarter are 1 minute 15 seconds in length.
Bowling.
The Professional Bowlers Association rulebook does not contain any provisions on when a television timeout must be taken in the sport of bowling. Generally, such timeouts occur only between games. Commercial breaks during PBA Tour telecasts usually occur when the bowler who starts the match second finishes the sixth frame.
If a bowler is on pace for a perfect game of 300, the commercial breaks will not be taken.
Cricket.
In cricket, television timeouts generally occur at the end of some overs as the field switches around, when a wicket falls, during drinks breaks and during intervals. In the 2009 season of the Indian Premier League of Twenty20 cricket, the halfway point of each innings contained a seven-and-a-half-minute stoppage of play, two-thirds of which were devoted to advertising time. After complaints by viewers and players (criticizing its use as an extended commercial break, and for breaking the flow of the game), these breaks were replaced in the following year by two compulsory "strategic timeouts" of two-and-a-half minutes per innings. One must be taken by the bowling team between the 6th to 10th overs, and the batting team between the 11th to 16th overs.
Curling.
Timeouts in curling occur at the conclusion of each end. The game generally resumes before the commercial break ends, so when the broadcast comes back on a few rocks will have already been thrown (in the US).
Ice hockey.
NHL.
Commercial time-outs are taken after 4-minute intervals at the first stoppages of play after the 14:00, 10:00, and 6:00 marks in each period when both teams are at even strength.
However, there are no commercial time-outs:
Additionally there are no timeouts, commercial or team, granted during a shootout.
Due to these restrictions, it is possible that not all of the scheduled breaks are taken, in which case sometimes a network will take a timeout at the conclusion of the game to make up for it before signing off on the broadcast.
Efforts must be made to identify the situations where a video review might happen in order to not go into a commercial time-out.
During outdoor games, a hard TV timeout is called at the 10:00 mark of the third period, and play is immediately stopped (as they need to change ends of the ice to ensure fairness).
During overtime, television timeouts are taken only in the following situations:
Motorsports.
Most motorsport races are unable to accommodate television timeouts, but certain events, such as the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, events are structured with a safety car after 20 minutes of green flag action to help inexperienced drivers acclimate themselves with pit stops (full green flag pit stops are discouraged in order to help younger drivers gain experience with live pit stops in a more controlled environment). In order to alleviate the lack of television timeout periods, technology such as Side-By-Side has been introduced. During the Sprint All-Star Race, commercials are only taken between periods after the pit stop, or during safety car situations.
Professional wrestling.
Professional wrestling events which are broadcast on live television but not pay per view require scheduling of matches to fit the advertising breaks, with the general overview of segments in an event being known as "the format". Most matches are given limited time, so they start and finish between breaks but matches such as the main event may be scheduled over more than one segment. Due to the nature of modern wrestling where there are no rounds and matches are one fall to finish, the match has to continue for the stadium audience while the break happens. There is no "timeout", but the wrestlers have several tricks to use to keep up the appearance of the match, such as long rest holds, the "double knock down" closeline spot, a wrestler taunting the opponent &amp; the crowd, or a spectacular jump over the ropes that knocks down all the wrestlers until the break is over.
Tennis.
In tennis, beginning after the third game of the set, commercial breaks are taken at the end of every odd-numbered game during players' changeovers and at the completion of any set. Commercial breaks are not taken during tiebreaks or during changeovers after 6–5 in the fifth set of a major men's match or 6–5 in the third set of a major women's match.
Volleyball and beach volleyball.
In volleyball games governed by FIVB, television timeouts are referred to as technical time-outs and occur during each non-tie-breaking set.
Use by other live events.
The Academy Awards and other award ceremonies that are broadcast live have media timeouts at regular intervals. During this time, members of the audience may vacate their seats for various reasons (such as getting refreshments, going to the bathroom, going backstage for the next presentation, etc.) and seat fillers then scramble to make sure the entire theater or venue remains full for the TV cameras.
Each participating broadcaster of the Eurovision Song Contest is required to broadcast the show in its entirety: including all songs, recap, voting and reprise, skipping only the interval act for advertising breaks if they wish. Since 1999, broadcasters who wished to do so were given the opportunity to take more advertising breaks as short, non-essential hiatuses were introduced.

</doc>
<doc id="7039120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039120" title="Karpaka Vinayakar Temple">
Karpaka Vinayakar Temple

Karpaka Vinayaka Temple or Pillaiyarpatti Pillaiyar Temple is a 7th-century-CE rock-cut cave shrine, significantly expanded over the later centuries. It is located in Pillayarpatti village in Tiruppathur Taluk, Sivaganga district in Tamil Nadu, India.
The temple is dedicated to Karpaka Vinayakar (Ganesha). In the cave temple, there are rock cut images of Ganesha, Siva linga and another carving that has been variously identified as Ardhanarishwara or Harihara or the early king between them who built this temple. All these are notable for their unusual iconography. In the late 19th century, during restorative excavation and repair work, "panchaloga" statues were discovered. These are dated to the 11th century.
The temple has several inscriptions within the rock-cut shrines, as well as on the walls and mandapam outside. One of them mentions "Desi vinayakar" and also helps date the core layer of this temple to the 7th-century Ganesha. Another notable inscription in the sanctum is more archaic, sharing paleographic features of Tamil Brahmi and early Vatteluttu. This has led to proposals that portions of this Ganesha temple are likely older by a few centuries. The temple walls and mandapams have additional stone inscriptions from the 11th to 13th-century.
The temple is one of the nine ancestral Hindu temples of the Chettiars, its importance established in their tradition in Kali year 3815 (714 CE). The temple has a large colorful gopuram, with large mandapams elaborately decorated with frescoes, many shrines inside, "salas" originally added for dance and hymns singing, temple kitchen, an architecture that follows the Agamic texts and Shilpa Sastras, and a large temple tank to its north. Most of these were added in later centuries to the core rock-cut cave shrine. The temple is active and attracts numerous pilgrims, particularly women, on the annual festivals and chariot processions such as on Vinayaka Chaturthi and the Brahmothsavam in the Tamil month of Vaikasi.
Location.
The Karpaka Vinayakar temple is located on the eastern edge of a rocky hill in Pillayarpatti village (also spelled Pillaiyarpatti). The temple is about northeast of Madurai city and northwest of Karaikudi town in Tamil Nadu. Pilliyarpatti is located about 12 kilometers east of Tiruppathur town. Pillayarpatti is accessible by National Highway 36 and State Highway 35. The image of Karpaga Vinayagar is carved out in a cave of Pillaiyarpatti Hillocks in this village. Thiruveesar (Shiva) is also carved in the rock of this cave, along with several other bas-reliefs all from 7th-century.
History and architecture.
The early Pandya dynasty ruled the southern part of the ancient Tamil region from about the 3rd-century BCE and they remained a major power for nearly 1,000 years. They lost their hold on their kingdom to the Cholas for a few centuries, and then returned to power about the 12th century. They were instrumental in patronizing literature, arts and religious architecture, as well as sharing of ideas and trade with northern kingdoms of ancient India. The Karpaka Vinayakar temple is a testimony and one of the evidence of the early Pandya dynasty contributions to the South Indian heritage.
The temple in its contemporary form has many layers of additions and restorations completed over nearly 1,400 years. The earliest layer that can be dated with certainty is the 7th-century rock-cut cave temple. This rock-cut cave is attributed to Narasimhavarma, c. 650 CE. Several rock-cut Hindu gods and goddesses are displayed in this earliest layer. The cave also includes inscriptions and unusual iconography. There are several stone sculptures in the cave, on different faces of the natural rock: 
Later expansions added several mandapams (Maha, Thirumurai, Alankara), another Shiva shrine, a Nataraja shrine, a Chandesar shrine, and a Sivakami Amman shrine. On the southern side of mandapam, parallel and near to the excavated cave is a panel with the "Saptamatrikas" (also called Saptha Kannimar, seven mothers or seven virgins), The temple also includes shrines or dedicated area for Bhairava (Shiva form) with his dog, Somaskanda, Kartikeya with his two wives, Valli (who arrange marriages), Devasena, also called Deivayanai, (who gifts offspring), Pasupatheeswarar (who showers all wealth), Navagrahas, and two gopurams (east and north sides). For charitable functions, like large Shaiva tradition temples, the Karpaka Vinayakar has a large temple kitchen called "madapalli", and a temple well inside the mandapam to provide water for pilgrims. The temple also has space for devotional singing of hymns and performance arts.
Religious importance and festivals.
The temple is one of the nine ancestral Hindu temples of the Chettiars, a merchant and trading community. It is maintained by the Chettiars trust (Nagarathars), but their tradition states that they have maintained and worshipped in this Shaivism tradition temple since Kali year 3813 (same as 714 CE). Chettiars have organized their conservation and temples initiatives through sub-communities based on Shiva Temples such as the Pillayarpatti Pirivu, Elayatrankudi Pirivu. This is considered as a Shiva tradition temple, given its historic importance with Shiva linga and the Karpaga Vinayaka. 
The temple is a major center for the annual Vinayaka Chaturthi festival. It is celebrated for 10 days. On the 9th day the chariot festival is held, where Hindus of the region gather and participate in a procession that goes through the streets. The processional Ganesha idol is covered with gold plating and carried in a mouse vahana, along with his parents, Nataraja and Sivakami. Additionally, the temple features floor decorations, exhibitions, performance arts and sandal covering (Chandana Kaappu) over these days. This tradition became more significant since festival idols made of panchaloga were found in late 19th-century during the temple repairs and renovation. These are likely from the 11th century. The Vinayaka Chaturthi (Ganesha Chaturthi) festival is popular among Tamil women.
Administration.
The temple is maintained and administered by Nattukottai Nagarathars.
The temple opens at 6 in the morning and stays open till 1 PM. The shrine is again opened at 4PM and is open till 8.30 PM. It is an active temple, with daily worship services. On 1 May 2017, Kumbhabhishekham was performed at this temple.

</doc>
<doc id="7039143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039143" title="Richard Buckle">
Richard Buckle

(Christopher) Richard Sandford Buckle CBE (6 August 1916 – 12 October 2001), was a lifelong English devotee of ballet, and a well-known ballet critic. He founded the magazine "Ballet" in 1939.
Early life.
Buckle was the only son of Lieutenant-Colonel Christopher Galbraith Buckle, DSO, MC, of the Northamptonshire Regiment, and his wife Rose, daughter of Francis Marmaduke Henry Sandford (descended from the Dukes of Portland and Barons Brooke) and his wife Constance Georgina (née Craven), great-granddaughter of the soldier William Craven, 1st Earl of Craven and maternal granddaughter of the naval commander and politician Charles Philip Yorke, 4th Earl of Hardwicke. They lived at the Old Cottage, Warcop, Cumberland.
The Buckle family consisted of minor gentry descended from Sir Cuthbert Buckle, Lord Mayor of London in 1593–1594. Buckle's uncle (married to his father's sister) was the clergyman Eric Graham. His father was killed in 1918 – Buckle was raised (and doted upon) by his mother and a number of female relations, including his paternal grandmother, Lily Buckle of Eden Gate, Warcop. Though raised in "genteel poverty", Buckle was interested in his extensive network of relations (some of them high aristocracy) and formed some close relationships with them. He contributed some genealogy to "U and Non-U Revisited" in 1978. He was educated at Marlborough College, then went to Balliol College, Oxford, to read modern languages, where he failed to obtain a scholarship and left after a year. He then attended the Heatherley School of Fine Art in London for a short time, having developed an interest in ballet, to which he dedicated himself, although his family had hoped he would pursue a stable career in banking – or even in the stage design he had studied.
Career.
Buckle founded the magazine "Ballet" in 1939, and revived it after the Second World War, in which he served with the Scots Guards, being mentioned in despatches in 1944 during the Italy campaign. Between 1948 and 1955 he was ballet critic for "The Observer". He organised a number of successful exhibitions, notably one in 1954 on the life and work of Diaghilev, first at the Edinburgh Festival and then at Forbes House in London, and the quatercentenary Shakespeare exhibition at Stratford-upon-Avon in 1964–1965. His publications include comprehensive biographies of Nijinsky (1971) and Diaghilev (1979). He edited several books, including the autobiography of Lydia Sokolova and the selected diaries of Cecil Beaton. Richard Buckle was appointed CBE in 1979.
Later life.
Having begun to suffer from poor health (yet producing some of his best work – the biographies of Nijinsky and Diaghilev – during this period), Buckle left London in 1976 and settled in Wiltshire in an isolated cottage, made more so by the fact that he did not drive. After recovering from a heart attack in 1979, he concentrated on his autobiographical works. He regularly visited his home village of Warcop, Cumbria, in the 1980s, sharing his recollections of the place fifty years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="7039148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039148" title="Tsuda Nobuzumi">
Tsuda Nobuzumi

 was a Japanese samurai and member of the main Oda clan of Owari Province during the Sengoku and Azuchi–Momoyama periods. He was the son of Oda Nobuyuki and nephew of Oda Nobunaga.
In 1578, Tuda built Omizo Castle on the shore of Lake Biwa, across from Azuchi Castle, built by his uncle Nobunaga. 
In 1579 Tsuda led a requisition unit into the inner citadel of Arioka castle, drawing to an end the Siege of Itami against Araki Murashige.
In 1581,at the second Tenshō Iga War, he and Oda Nobukatsu led 10,000 men entering Iga province from Ise (Aoyama Pass) to the southeast.
After the Incident at Honnō-ji in 1582 Tsuda was suspected by Oda Nobutaka of collaboration with Akechi Mitsuhide, largely because of his marriage with Mitsuhide's daughter. Due to this guilt by association, Nobutaka had Tsuda killed.

</doc>
<doc id="7039150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039150" title="Sanford Scolex">
Sanford Scolex



</doc>
<doc id="7039173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039173" title="1854 in architecture">
1854 in architecture

 
The year 1854 in architecture involved some significant events and new buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="7039175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039175" title="Walla Walla AAF">
Walla Walla AAF



</doc>
<doc id="7039176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039176" title="Will Thomas (novelist)">
Will Thomas (novelist)

Will Thomas, born 1958 in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, is an American novelist who writes a Victorian mystery series featuring Cyrus Barker, a Scottish detective or "private enquiry agent," and his Welsh assistant, Thomas Llewelyn. The Barker/Llewelyn novels are set in the 1880s and often feature historical events, people, and movements. Martial combat is a recurring theme throughout this hardboiled series. In interviews, Thomas has said that Barker is based on men such as Richard Francis Burton and Edward William Barton-Wright, founder of Bartitsu.
Prior to writing novels, Will Thomas wrote essays for Sherlock Holmes society publications and lectured on crime fiction of the Victorian era.
Will Thomas' first novel was nominated for a Barry Award and a Shamus Award, and won the 2005 Oklahoma Book Award. He has been employed as a librarian with the Tulsa City-County Library System, and featured on the cover of Library Journal. "The Black Hand" was nominated for a 2009 Shamus Award. "Fatal Enquiry" won the 2015 Oklahoma Book Award. ‘’Heart of the Nile’’ won the 2024 Shamus Award.
Will Thomas is a great fan of Rex Stout, author of the Nero Wolfe mysteries. Thomas studies Victorian martial arts such as Bartitsu and Hung Gar, which he uses in his novels.

</doc>
<doc id="7039182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039182" title="Hypogastric nerve">
Hypogastric nerve

The hypogastric nerves (one on each side) are the continuation of the superior hypogastric plexus that descend into the pelvis anterior the sacrum and become the inferior hypogastric plexuses on either side of pelvic organs. The hypogastric nerves serve as a pathway for autonomic fibers to communicate between the lower abdomen and pelvis.
Structure.
The hypogastric nerves begin where the superior hypogastric plexus splits into a right and left hypogastric nerves. The hypogastric nerves continue inferiorly on their corresponding side of the body, where they descends into the pelvis to form the inferior hypogastric plexuses.
The hypogastric nerves likely contain three nerve fibers types:
Clinical significance.
The hypogastric nerve may be blocked for a local anaesthetic. This endangers the nearby common iliac artery and common iliac vein.

</doc>
<doc id="7039186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039186" title="Walla Walla Army Airfield">
Walla Walla Army Airfield



</doc>
<doc id="7039191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039191" title="Seattle/Tacoma">
Seattle/Tacoma



</doc>
<doc id="7039203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039203" title="Walla Walla Army Air Base">
Walla Walla Army Air Base



</doc>
<doc id="7039204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039204" title="Lua people">
Lua people

The Lua people () are a minority ethnic group native to Laos, although there is now a sizable community living in Thailand. "Luaʼ" is their preferred autonym (self-designation), while their Lao neighbours tend to call them Thin ("Tʻin" or "Htin"; ). Another term for this group is "Lawa" (but they have to be distinguished from the unrelated Lawa people in northern Thailand). There are two subgroups: the Mal and the Phai or "Pray".
Their home region is in the provinces of Sainyabuli (Hongsa and Phiang districts) and Bokeo (Pak Tha District). In Thailand, most Lua settle in Nan province, close to the border with Laos.
Language.
The Lua speak Mal and Prai (or Phai), closely related, but not mutually intelligible languages, belonging to the Khmuic branch of the Austroasiatic languages. 
Cultural history.
The Lua's traditional beliefs are characterized by animism and shamanism. Some Lua, influenced by their Lao and Thai neighbors, have adopted Theravada Buddhism, while a few have converted to Christianity, but without renouncing their original ethnic beliefs. The Lua believe that the natural surroundings are full of good and evil spirits. They worship their respective villages' local spirits. The most highly respected genie called "bhuka" is celebrated for three days during Lao New Year "(Songkran)". In order to win the spirits' blessings for a good harvest, a newlywed couple, help in cases of natural disasters or diseases, etc., the Lua try to appease them with offerings of pigs, poultry, rice or liquor. Traditional Lua villages display a "spirit gate" to protect them from all evils coming from the outside world. To mediate between the living and the spirit world, each village chooses a male shaman, called "khawcam".
There is some academic debate whether the Lua have already settled in their present home area since the 1st millennium AD (like the Khmu) or migrated there from northern Vietnam in a later period. More certainly, the Lua of Thailand has only arrived there in the late-19th or early-20th century. Some scholars, however, believe that the Lua were the original inhabitants of Thailand's Nan Province, before moving to Laos and later re-migrating to their original homeland.
Following the communist victory in the Laotian Civil War (that was in the same period as the Vietnam War), many Lua families escaped Laos to seek refuge in the Luang Prabang Range area of Nan Province across the border in Thailand. There was a large concentration of Lua refugees at Ban Vinai Refugee Camp in Thailand. In the early 1970s and 1980s, Lua families relocated to the United States. Today, there is a large Lua community in the state of California, expanding from Santa Rosa, Fresno, Modesto, Stockton, Sacramento, and other parts of the state of California, and also including the states of Minnesota, Tennessee, Washington, Iowa, and Illinois. Families who remained in the camps in Thailand resettled in Sainyabuli and neighboring provinces in the mid-1980s and early 1990s, where the Lua people had been originally displaced due to the wars in Southeast Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="7039211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039211" title="Pendleton (Oregon)">
Pendleton (Oregon)



</doc>
<doc id="7039217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039217" title="Ticket To The Moon">
Ticket To The Moon



</doc>
<doc id="7039221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039221" title="Walt Dickerson">
Walt Dickerson

Walter Roland Dickerson (April 16, 1928 – May 15, 2008) was an American jazz vibraphone player, most associated with the post-bop idiom.
Biography.
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States, Walt Dickerson graduated from Morgan State University in 1953 and after two years in the Army he settled in California. There he started to gain attention by leading a group with Andrew Hill and Andrew Cyrille, but it was Dickerson's later period in New York City when he gained some further notice. For the Prestige label he recorded four albums. In 1962 "Down Beat" named him the best new artist.
From 1965 to 1975, he took a break from jazz, but later he worked again with Andrew Hill and Sun Ra. After 1975 Dickerson recorded several albums for the Danish Steeplechase label.
He died in May 2008 from a cardiac arrest.
Discography.
As leader.
Sources:
As arranger.
With Elmo Hope

</doc>
<doc id="7039230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039230" title="Minnesota's 8th congressional district election, 2006">
Minnesota's 8th congressional district election, 2006



</doc>
<doc id="7039239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039239" title="Tony Ward (model)">
Tony Ward (model)

Anthony Borden Ward (born June 10, 1963) is an American model and actor.
Early life.
Tony Ward was born in Santa Cruz, California, on June 10, 1963, to Robert Borden Ward, from Kansas, and Karen Elizabeth Castro. He is of English, Scottish, Irish, Swedish, and Portuguese descent. Ward is the second of three sons and spent his childhood mostly in San Jose before moving to Sonora where he graduated from high school. From there he moved to Los Angeles to pursue his dream of being an actor/model/dancer. Tony was discovered by a scout while attending West Valley College in Saratoga and started modeling at age 18.
Modeling career.
Ward began his modeling career in 1981, first for Calvin Klein underwear with images by Herb Ritts. Later he worked with photographers including Karl Lagerfeld, Steven Klein, Steven Meisel, and Terry Richardson; and for fashion designers such as Roberto Cavalli, Chanel, Dolce &amp; Gabbana, Diesel, Fendi, H&amp;M and Hugo Boss.
Ward is signed to DNA Model Management in New York City, Why Not Model Agency in Milan, Italy, Premier Model Management in London, Photogenics Model Management in Los Angeles, Unique Models in Copenhagen, and Bananas Models in Paris.
Ward has his own fashion brand SixInTheFace "Hand Ravaged Clothing by Mr. Ward".
Ward also shot for photographer Jim French of Colt Studio Group.
Acting career.
In 1996, Ward had his first starring role in the movie "Hustler White", directed by Bruce LaBruce and Rick Castro. In 1998, he appeared in "Sex/Life in L.A." Jochen Hick's adult documentary about the sex lives of the guys who make L.A. adult movies. Ward reunited with LaBruce playing a homeless junkie in the 2010 zombie thriller "L.A. Zombie".
Ward appeared in then-girlfriend Madonna's music videos for "Cherish" (1989) "Justify My Love" (1990) and "Erotica" (1992), with the former casting him in a more prominent role as her lover. The latter shows Ward in quick snippets as the video is an amalgamation of footage from various Madonna photo shoots.
Personal life.
Ward is also a painter and photographer.
Ward was Madonna's boyfriend in the beginning of the 1990s and he appeared in some of her music videos as well as the controversial "Sex" book in 1992. According to "People" on April 15, 1991:
As of 2016, Ward lived in Palm Springs, California, and was the father of four children "spread across two continents". In a 2020 interview with MEL magazine, he said that he was in the process of divorcing an estranged wife, and was married and divorced several times prior.

</doc>
<doc id="7039259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039259" title="History of metallurgy in China">
History of metallurgy in China

Metallurgy in China has a long history, with the earliest metal objects in China dating back to around 3,000 BC. The majority of early metal items found in China come from the North-Western Region (mainly Gansu and Qinghai, 青海). China was the earliest civilization to use the blast furnace and produce cast iron.
Copper.
Archaeological evidence indicates that the earliest metal objects in China were made in the late fourth millennium BC. Copper was generally the earliest metal to be used by humanity, and was used in China since at least 3000 BC.
Early metal-using communities have been found at the Qijia and Siba sites in Gansu. The metal knives and axes recovered in Qijia apparently point to some interactions with Siberian and Central Asian cultures, in particular with the Seima-Turbino complex, or the Afanasievo culture. Archeological evidence points to plausible early contact between the Qijia culture and Central Asia. Similar sites have been found in Xinjiang in the west and Shandong, Liaoning and Inner Mongolia in the east and north. The Central Plain sites associated with the Erlitou culture also contain early metalworks.
Copper manufacturing, more complex than jade working, gradually appeared in the Yangshao period (5000–3000 BC). Jiangzhai is the only place where copper artifacts were found in the Banpo culture. Archaeologists have found remains of copper metallurgy in various cultures from the late fourth to the early third millennium BC. These include the copper-smelting remains and copper artifacts of the Hongshan culture (4700–2900 BC) and copper slag at the Yuanwozhen site. This indicates that inhabitants of the Yellow River valley had already learned how to make copper artifacts by the later Yangshao period.
The Qijia culture (–1900 BC) of Qinghai, Gansu, and western Shaanxi produced copper and bronze utilitarian items and gold, copper, and bronze ornaments. The earliest metalwork in this region are found at a Majiayao (2700 BC) site at Linjia, Dongxiang, Gansu, where they are mixed with work apparently from the Zongri culture (, 2050 BC) and later Machang (2000 BC), Qijia (1915 BC), and Siba cultures (1600 BC).
At Dengjiawan, in the Shijiahe site complex in Hubei, some pieces of copper were discovered; they are the earliest copper objects discovered in southern China. The Linjia site (林家遺址, Línjiā yízhǐ) has the earliest evidence for bronze in China, dating to c. 3000 BC.
Bronze.
Bronze technology was imported to China from the steppes. The oldest bronze object found in China was a knife found at a Majiayao culture site in Dongxiang, Gansu, and dated to 2900–2740 BC. Further copper and bronze objects have been found at Machang-period sites in Gansu. Metallurgy spread to the middle and lower Yellow River region in the late 3rd millennium BC. Contacts between the Afanasievo culture and the Majiayao culture and the Qijia culture have been considered for the transmission of bronze technology. From around 2000 BC, cast bronze objects such as the socketed spear with single side hook were imported and adapted from the Seima-Turbino culture.
The Erlitou culture (– 1500 BC), Shang dynasty (– 1046 BC) and Sanxingdui culture (– 1046 BC) of early China used bronze vessels for rituals (see Chinese ritual bronzes) as well as farming implements and weapons. By 1500 BC, excellent bronzes were being made in China in large quantities, partly as a display of status, and as many as 200 large pieces were buried with their owner for use in the afterlife, as in the Tomb of Fu Hao, a Shang queen.
In the tomb of the first Qin Emperor and multiple Warring States period tombs, extremely sharp swords and other weapons were found, coated with chromium oxide, which made the weapons rust resistant. The layer of chromium oxide used on these swords was 10 to 15 micrometers and left them in pristine condition to this day. Chromium was first scientifically attested in the 18th century.
The beginning of new breakthroughs in metallurgy occurred towards the Yangzi River's south in China's southeastern region in the Warring States period such as gilt-bronze swords.
Section-mold casting.
There are two types of bronze smelting techniques in early China, namely the section mold process and the lost-wax process. The earliest bronze ware found in China is the bronze knife (F20: 18) unearthed at the Majiayao in Linjia, Dongxiang, Gansu, and dated to about 3000 BC. This bronze knife uses the section mold process, which is spliced by two molds.
The section mold process is a commonly used bronze casting method in the Shang dynasty, that is, the mud is selected, and after selecting, filtration, showering, deposition and other procedures, the mud is cooled to a moderate hardness as a backup, and then the mud is made according to the shape of the vessel to be made. There are two types of molds, which is inner mold and outer mold. The inner mold is only the shape of the bronze ware, without decoration; the outer model should consider the division of the bronze ware after casting in the future, that is, the block during the production of the clay model, and also engrave the inscriptions and inscriptions of the bronze ware decoration on the clay model. After the clay mold are done, put it in a cool place to dry in the shade, and then put it into the furnace for roasting. After the mold are heated, they become pottery molds unearthed during modern archaeological discoveries. 
After the pottery mold is fired, do not rush out of the furnace. After the copper furnace has liquefied the required copper, the pottery mold that still has residual temperature is taken out and poured. In this way, the temperature difference between the copper liquid and the pottery mold is not large, and the pottery mold is not easy to burst. The quality of the finished product is relatively high. After the copper liquid is poured, remove the pottery molds and molds according to the blocks they were made. If they can't be removed, they can be broken with a hammer. The bronze will come out, and after grinding, it is the finished product.
Lost-wax casting.
According to some scholars, lost-wax casting was used in China already during the Spring and Autumn period (–476 BC), although this is often disputed.
The lost-wax method is used in most parts of the world. As the name suggests, the lost-wax method is to use wax as a mold, and heat it to melt the wax mold and lose it, thereby casting bronze ware, making the model (the outer layer of the wax model is coated with mud), lost-wax (heating to make the wax flow out), pouring copper liquid to fill the cavity left by the wax model, etc. The development and spread of the lost-wax method in the West has never stopped, but the main bronze casting method in the Bronze Age in China is the section mold process. When the lost-wax method was introduced into China is also a topic of academic discussion. But there is no doubt that the lost-wax method already existed in China during the Spring and Autumn period. In 1978, the Bronze Zun-Pan unearthed from the tomb of Marquis Yi of Zeng in Leigudun, Suixian County, Hubei Province, used a mixed process of section mold method and lost-wax method.
Iron.
Introduction.
The early Iron Age in China began before 1000 BC, with the introduction of ironware, such as knives, swords, and arrowheads, from the west into Xinjiang, before it further diffused to Qinghai and Gansu. In 2008, two iron fragments were excavated at the Mogou site, in Gansu. They have been dated to the 14th century BC, belonging to the period of Siwa culture. One of the fragments was made of bloomery iron rather than meteoritic iron.
Cast iron.
Cast iron farm tools and weapons were widespread in China by the 5th century BC, employing workforces of over 200 men in iron smelters from the 3rd century onward. The earliest known blast furnaces are attributed to the Han dynasty in the 1st century AD. These early furnaces had clay walls and used phosphorus-containing minerals as a flux. Chinese blast furnaces ranged from around two to ten meters in height, depending on the region. The largest ones were found in modern Sichuan and Guangdong, while the 'dwarf" blast furnaces were found in Dabieshan. In construction, they are both around the same level of technological sophistication 
There is no evidence of the bloomery in China after the appearance of the blast furnace and cast iron. In China, blast furnaces produced cast iron, which was then either converted into finished implements in a cupola furnace, or turned into wrought iron in a fining hearth. If iron ores are heated with carbon to 1420–1470 K, a molten liquid is formed, an alloy of about 96.5% iron and 3.5% carbon. This product is strong, can be cast into intricate shapes, but is too brittle to be worked, unless the product is "decarburized" to remove most of the carbon. The vast majority of Chinese iron manufacture, from the late Zhou dynasty onward, was of cast iron. However forged swords began to be made in the Warring-States-period: "Earliest iron and steel Jian also appear, made by the earliest and most basic forging and folding techniques." Iron would become, by around 300 BC, the preferred metal for tools and weapons in China.
The primary advantage of the early blast furnace was in large scale production and making iron implements more readily available to peasants. Cast iron is more brittle than wrought iron or steel, which required additional fining and then cementation or co-fusion to produce, but for menial activities such as farming it sufficed. By using the blast furnace, it was possible to produce larger quantities of tools such as ploughshares more efficiently than the bloomery. In areas where quality was important, such as warfare, wrought iron and steel were preferred. Nearly all Han period weapons are made of wrought iron or steel, with the exception of axe-heads, of which many are made of cast iron.
The effectiveness of the Chinese human and horse powered blast furnaces was enhanced during this period by the engineer Du Shi (c. AD 31), who applied the power of waterwheels to piston-bellows in forging cast iron. Early water-driven reciprocators for operating blast furnaces were built according to the structure of horse powered reciprocators that already existed. That is, the circular motion of the wheel, be it horse driven or water driven, was transferred by the combination of a belt drive, a crank-and-connecting-rod, other connecting rods, and various shafts, into the reciprocal motion necessary to operate a push bellow.
Donald Wagner suggests that early blast furnace and cast iron production evolved from furnaces used to melt bronze. Certainly, though, iron was essential to military success by the time the State of Qin had unified China (221 BC). Usage of the blast and cupola furnace remained widespread during the Song and Tang dynasties. By the 11th century, the Song dynasty Chinese iron industry made a switch of resources from charcoal to coke in casting iron and steel, sparing thousands of acres of woodland from felling. This may have happened as early as the 4th century AD.
Blast furnaces were also later used to produce gunpowder weapons such as cast iron bomb shells and cast iron cannons during the Song dynasty.
Middle Ages.
Shen Kuo's written work of 1088 contains, among other early descriptions of inventions, a method of repeated forging of cast iron under a cold blast similar to the modern Bessemer process.
Chinese metallurgy was widely practiced during the Middle Ages; during the 11th century, the growth of the iron industry caused vast deforestation due to the use of charcoal in the smelting process. To remedy the problem of deforestation, the Song Chinese discovered how to produce coke from bituminous coal as a substitute for charcoal. Although hydraulic-powered bellows for heating the blast furnace had been written about since Du Shi's (d. 38) invention of them in the 1st century CE, the first known illustration of a bellows in operation is found in a book written in 1313 by Wang Zhen (fl. 1290–1333).
Gold and silver.
Gold-crafting technology developed in Northwest China during the early Iron Age, following the arrival of new technological skills from the Central Asian steppes, even before the establishment of the Xiongnu (209 BC AD150). These technological and artistic exchanges attest to the magnitude of communication networks between China and the Mediterranean, even before the establishment of the Silk Road. The sites of Dongtalede (, 9th–7th century BC) in Xinjiang, or Xigoupan (, 4th–3rd century BC) in the Ordos region of Inner Mongolia, are known for numerous artifacts reminiscent of the Scytho-Siberian art of Central Asia.
During the Qing dynasty the gold and silver smiths of Ningbo were noted for the delicacy and tastefulness of their work.
Cultural significance.
Chinese mythology generally reflects a time when metallurgy had long been practiced. According to the Romanian anthropologist, orientalist, and philosopher Mircea Eliade, the Iron Age produced a large number of rites, myths and symbols; the blacksmith was the main agent of diffusion of mythology, rites and metallurgical mysteries. The secret knowledge of metallurgists and their powers made them founders of the human world and masters of the spirit world. This metallurgical model was reinterpreted again by Taoist alchemists.
Some metalworkers illustrate the close relationship between Chinese mystical and sovereign power and the mining and metallurgy industries. Although the name Huangdi is absent from Shang or Zhou inscriptions, it appears in the Spring and Autumn period's "Guoyu" and "Zuo zhuan". According to Mitarai (1984), Huangdi may have lived in early antiquity and led a regional ethnic group who worshiped him as a deity; "The Yellow Emperor fought Chiyou at Mount Kunwu whose summit was covered with a large quantity of red copper".
"The seventy-two brothers of Chiyou had copper heads and iron fronts; they ate iron and stones [...] In the province of Ji where Chiyou is believed to have lived (Chiyou shen), when we dig the earth and we find skulls that seem to be made of copper and iron, they are identified as the bones of Chiyou." Chiyou was the leader of the indigenous Sanmiao (or Jiuli) tribes who defeated Xuanyuan, the future Yellow Emperor. Chiyou, a rival of the Yellow Emperor, belonged to a clan of blacksmiths. The advancement of weaponry is sometimes attributed to the Yellow Emperor and Chiyou, and Chiyou reportedly discovered the process of casting. Kunwu is associated with a people, a royal blacksmith, a mountain which produces metals, and a sword. Kui, a master of music and dance cited by Shun, was succeeded by Yu the Great. Yu the Great, reported founder of the Xia dynasty (China's first), spent many years working on flood control and is credited with casting the Nine Tripod Cauldrons. Helped by dragons descended from heaven, he died on Mount Xianglu in Zhejiang. In these myths and legends, mines and forges are associated with leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="7039277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039277" title="Geerah">
Geerah



</doc>
<doc id="7039281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039281" title="HMAS Yarra (U-77)">
HMAS Yarra (U-77)



</doc>
<doc id="7039283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039283" title="Directeur sportifs">
Directeur sportifs



</doc>
<doc id="7039310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039310" title="HMAS Parramatta (L 44 / U 44)">
HMAS Parramatta (L 44 / U 44)



</doc>
<doc id="7039314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039314" title="Mead of Poetry">
Mead of Poetry



</doc>
<doc id="7039317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039317" title="Lac qui parle">
Lac qui parle



</doc>
<doc id="7039335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039335" title="Pikorîo no bôken">
Pikorîo no bôken



</doc>
<doc id="7039338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039338" title="Vertebral arch">
Vertebral arch



</doc>
<doc id="7039344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039344" title="Noachis Terra">
Noachis Terra

Noachis Terra (; lit. "Land of Noah") is an extensive southern landmass ("terra") of the planet Mars. It lies west of the giant Hellas impact basin, roughly between the latitudes −20° and −80° and longitudes 30° west and 30° east, centered on . It is in the Noachis quadrangle.
The term "Noachian epoch" is derived from this region.

</doc>
<doc id="7039345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039345" title=".408 Cheyenne Tactical">
.408 Cheyenne Tactical

The .408 Cheyenne Tactical (designated 408 Chey Tac (10.36×77mm) by the C.I.P.) is a specialized rimless, bottlenecked, centerfire cartridge for military long-range sniper rifles that was developed by Dr. John D. Taylor and machinist William O. Wordman. The round was designed with a possible military need for a cartridge for anti-personnel, anti-sniper, and anti-materiel roles with a (supersonic) precision range of 2,200 yards (2,000 m). It is offered as a competitor to the most common military NATO long-range service cartridges, such as .338 Lapua Magnum and the .50 BMG.
History.
The .408 Cheyenne Tactical is based on the .400 Taylor Magnum, which itself is based on a modified .505 Gibbs, necked down to 0.408 inches (10.36 mm). The .505 Gibbs is an old English big-game cartridge that was designed to accommodate 39,160 psi (270 MPa) pressure. One of the disadvantages to these old cartridge cases intended for firing cordite charges instead of modern smokeless powder is the thickness of the sidewall just forward to the web. During ignition, the cartridge's base, forward to the bolt face, is not supported. The case is driven back against the bolt face, which results in the stretching of the case, particularly the sidewall immediately forward of the web. When the sidewall resists the outward expansion against the chamber, the pressure stretches the case, thereby increasing its length, resulting in the sidewall becoming thinner at that stretch point.
In the .408 CheyTac cartridge casing design particular attention was directed toward thickening and metallurgically strengthening the case's web and sidewall immediately forward to the web to accommodate high chamber pressures. In modern solidhead cases, the hardness of the brass is the major factor that determines a case's pressure limit before undergoing plastic deformation. Lapua Ltd. solved this problem when they used the .416 Rigby as the parental case to the .338 Lapua Magnum. They created a hardness distribution ranging from the head and web (hard) to the mouth (soft) as well as a strengthened (thicker) case web and sidewall immediately forward of the web. This method results in a very pressure-resistant case.
Cartridge dimensions.
The .408 Cheyenne Tactical became officially registered by the Commission Internationale Permanente pour l'Epreuve des Armes à Feu Portatives (C.I.P.) on 15 May 2013 ending its status as a wildcat cartridge.
The .408 Cheyenne Tactical has 10.32 ml (159 grains H2O) cartridge case capacity.
.408 Cheyenne Tactical maximum C.I.P. cartridge dimensions. All sizes in millimeters (mm).
Americans would define the shoulder angle at alpha/2 ≈ 22.13 degrees. The common rifling twist rate for this cartridge is 330.2 mm (1 in 13 in), 8 grooves, Ø lands = 10.16 mm (0.400 in), Ø grooves = 10.36 mm (0.408 in), land width = 2.57 mm (0.1 in) and the primer type is large rifle.
According to the official C.I.P. (Commission Internationale Permanente pour l'Epreuve des Armes à Feu Portatives) rulings the .408 Cheyenne Tactical can handle up to Pmax piezo pressure. In C.I.P. regulated countries every rifle cartridge combo has to be proofed at 125% of this maximum C.I.P. pressure to certify for sale to consumers.
This means that .408 Cheyenne Tactical chambered arms in C.I.P. regulated countries are currently (2016) proof tested at PE piezo pressure.
.408 Cheyenne Tactical as a parent case.
The .408 CheyTac serves as the parent for several other second-generation wildcat cartridges.
By blowing out .408 CheyTac factory cases the wildcatter generally hopes to gain extra muzzle velocity by increasing the case capacity of the factory parent cartridge case by a few percent. Practically there can be some muzzle velocity gained by this method, but the measured results between parent cartridges and their "improved" wildcat offspring is often marginal. An example of a blown out .408 CheyTac variant is the .408 Baer.
Besides changing the shape and internal volume of the parent cartridge case, wildcatters also can change the original caliber. Because the .408 CheyTac offers a large and sturdy, pressure resistant cartridge case it has become quite popular among wildcatters. With the .408 CheyTac as the parent case wildcatters have created .338 (.338 Little Dave (8.5×55mm). 338 Snipe-Tac. 338/408 Baer), .375 (.375 CheyTac, .375-.408 CheyTac, .375 Snipe-Tac, .375 SOE), .416 (.416 PGW), and .510 (.510 Snipe-Tac) caliber variants. As of 2007, the caliber variants seemed to attract the most attention. Due to this, CheyTac USA added .375 CheyTac to the factory chamberings for the Intervention.
.375 Cheyenne Tactical.
The wildcat status of the .375 CheyTac ended on 17 May 2017 when it got Commission Internationale Permanente pour l'Epreuve des Armes à Feu Portatives (C.I.P.) certified and became an officially registered and sanctioned under the 375 Chey Tac or 9.5×77mm designation.
The cartridge has been used to set a long-distance target shooting record. In March 2023, Jaclyn Bryan shot a target at with the .375 CheyTac, taking the record for the second-longest-distance shot (current as of August 2023). She was assisted by Shane Bryan, who acted as a spotter, giving targeting-correction advice, based on his observation of bullet impact.
Projectiles (bullets).
Most .408 CheyTac factory ammunition uses solid projectiles or bullets rather than jacketed lead-core bullets, which are common to most other rifle bullets. The oldest factory .408 CheyTac ammunition uses bullets designed by Warren S. Jensen and originally produced by Lost River Ballistic Technologies. Currently (2009) these projectiles are produced by Jamison International, where they are turned on Swiss-type CNC lathes from solid bars of proprietary copper nickel alloy. The factory claims their diameter is accurate to "one 50 millionth" but does not provide a unit of measurement with this claim, making it somewhat vague. One noted downside to the use of solid mono metal projectiles is that they tend to increase the fouling left in the rifle barrel after they are fired. Since the bullets are harder and more abrasive than the gilding metal jackets of normal jacketed bullets, they are made slightly "undersized" so that they may be gripped effectively by the lands of the barrel's rifling. This inevitably reduces the seal of the bullet in the barrel, allowing hot gunpowder gases to reach the sides of the projectile, vaporizing some of the material and depositing it in the bore.
Other manufacturers, such as Rocky Mountain Bullet Company/Vigilance Rifles, GS Custom Bullets, Lehigh Bullets &amp; Design, Lutz Möller and TTI Armory have developed lead-core or mono metal very-low-drag projectiles for the .408 CheyTac.
In 2007 Dr. John D. Taylor designed a new class of armor-piercing projectiles known as the .408 CheyCorey and in this configuration, it outperforms the .50 AP (both black and silver tips) cartridge against armor steel and titanium. The projectile has a mass of 370 grains (24.0 g). Claimed penetration of AR500 certified steel is 1 inch (2.54 cm) at 100 yards (91.5 m) and 1/2 inch (1.27 cm) at 775 yards (708.8 m).
In 2008 factory loaded .408 CheyTac 420-grain (27.22 g) lead core bullets with 955 copper jackets became available. The very-low-drag bullets are made by Rocky Mountain Bullets in Philipsburg, Montana and have a rebated boattail and a claimed ballistic coefficient (G1 BC) of 0.874.
Factory .408 CheyTac ammunition is expensive, starting at around $7 per round with Jamison International 419-grain (27.15 g) very-low-drag projectiles.
Ballistic coefficient of the Jamison projectile.
Cheyenne Tactical claimed a Doppler radar-measured G1 ballistic coefficient (BC) for the Lost River Ballistic Technologies/Jamison International 419-grain (27.15 g) bullet of roughly 0.934 and a stated BC for the 305-grain (19.76 g) bullet of 0.611, though these numbers have been disputed by a number of knowledgeable sources. Extreme Firearms claimed the G1 BC of the same .408 CheyTac projectile to average 0.945 to 2000 meters and it drops to the low 0.900s to 2800 meters. The .408 CheyTac projectile remains supersonic up to 2,300 yards (2,100 m) according to Extreme Firearms. CheyTac LLC claims that the 26.95 gram (419 gr) projectile has a supersonic range of 2,200+ yards (2,011+ m) at 'standard air conditions'. The average ballistic coefficient of the 419 grain (27.15 g) is 0.945 over 3,825 yards (3,500 m). Jamison International stated the G1 BC of this bullet on their websitein 2009 at 0.940. Currently (2024) the average ballistic coefficient of the 419 grain (27.15 g) is stated by CheyTac USA at 0.949 over 3,500 yards (3,200 m).
The above variations can be explained by differences in the ambient air density used for these BC statements or differing range-speed measurements on which the stated G1 BC averages are based. The BC changes during a projectile's flight and stated BC's are always averages for particular range-speed regimes. Some more explanation about the transient nature of a projectile's G1 BC (it rises above or gets under a stated average value for a certain speed-range regime) during flight can be found at the external ballistics article. This article implies that knowing how a BC was established is almost as important as knowing the stated BC value itself. Fixed drag curve models generated for standard-shaped projectiles or BC modelling are the most common method used but not an advanced nor desirable method to model the long range flight behavior of projectiles.
Balanced-flight/controlled-spin projectile.
Lost River Ballistic Technologies (statement of Mr. Warren Jensen) stated that "the .408 CheyTac is the first bullet/rifle system that utilizes what they call a balanced flight projectile. To achieve balanced flight the linear drag has to be balanced with the rotational drag to keep the very fine nose (meplat) of the bullet pointed directly into the oncoming air. It should result in very little precession and yaw at extreme range and allows accurate flight back through the transonic region. This is hard to achieve for small arms projectiles. Mathematically you are at a great disadvantage trying to achieve balanced flight with a lead core non mono metal bullet. The rotational mass/surface area ratio is too high."
The balanced flight projectile patent can be found at the US Patent Office, Controlled spin projectile, . According to the patent a projectile engraved and launched in accordance with the patent should decelerate from supersonic flight through transonic to subsonic in a stable and predictable manner effective to a range beyond 3000 yards (2,743 m). It implies that among several other preconditions the rifle barrel has to have specific rifling dimensions to achieve a desired amount of axial air drag on the bullet's surface, which reduces the bullet's spin rate to achieve balanced flight. The patent does not account for normally occurring differences in air density. More about balanced flight can also be found in the CheyTac Information Papers.
The Balanced Flight/Controlled Spin Projectile bullet patent has been questioned/disputed by the German physicist Lutz Möller. Mr. Möller realized balanced flight has to do with the nature of spin stabilized flight and scale of parameters. There were projectiles produced prior to the patent that remain stable through the transonic flight regime. This is a consequence of the spin deceleration and forward deceleration of the projectile being similar enough not to cause undesirable precession and yaw during the transonic flight phase. The main parameter for achieving stable transonic transition is controlling the drag coefficients (Cd) and forward velocity loss around Mach 1 and to a lesser degree controlling the spin deceleration. In other words, any bullet with appropriate drag behaviour around Mach 1 and mass (distribution) will do exactly what the balanced flight projectile patent states.
Performance.
The cartridge delivers accurate (sub-MOA) performance from a sniper rifle. The Lost River Ballistic Technologies/Jamison International 419-grain (26.95 g) very-low-drag bullet is the standard, long-range sniping load.
Lost River Ballistic Technologies also designed a 305 grain (19.76 g) bullet for the Battlefield Domination Round (BDR). The BDR is loaded with a 305 grain (19.76 g) bullet (claimed G1 BC = 0.612) and is intended for short and medium range application using the point-blank range aiming method.
Supersonic range.
For a typical .408 CheyTac chambered gun, shooting 27.15 gram (419 gr) Lost River Ballistic Technologies bullets (claimed G1 BC = 0.940) at 884 m/s (2900 ft/s) muzzle velocity, the supersonic range would be 1,930 m (2,110 yd) under International Standard Atmosphere sea level conditions (air density ρ = 1.225 kg/m3).
For a typical .375 CheyTac chambered gun, shooting 24.30 gram (375 gr) Lost River Ballistic Technologies bullets (claimed G1 BC = 1.02) at 930 m/s (3050 ft/s) muzzle velocity, the supersonic range would be 2,230 m (2,440 yd) under International Standard Atmosphere sea level conditions (air density ρ = 1.225 kg/m3).
Improvement beyond this standard while still using standard .375 CheyTac brass is possible, but the bullets have to be very long and the normal cartridge overall length has to be exceeded. The common .375 CheyTac 292 mm (1:11.5 in) rifling twist rate also has to be tightened to stabilize very long projectiles. The use of such a .375 CheyTac based cartridge demands the use of a custom or customized rifle with an appropriately cut chamber and a fast-twist bore. An example of such a special .375 caliber extreme range bullet is the German CNC manufactured mono-metal 26.44 gram (408 gr) .375 Viking (G1 BC 1.537; this Ballistic coefficient (BC) is calculated by its designer, Mr. Lutz Möller, and not proven by Doppler radar measurements). This bullet has since exhibited dynamic stability problems and is no longer produced. The .375 Viking bullet had an overall length of 70 mm (2.756 in) and derived its anticipated low drag from a radical LD Haack or Sears-Haack profile in the bullet's nose area. Rifles chambered for this wildcat cartridge, with a cartridge overall length of 119 mm (4.685 in), were to have been equipped with custom made 762 mm (30 in) long 203 mm (1:8 in) twist rate barrels.
In theory, Mr. Möller calculated that a typical .375 CheyTac chambered gun, shooting his now defunct 26.44 gram (408 gr) .375 Viking bullets (claimed G1 BC = 1.537) at 870 m/s (2854 ft/s) muzzle velocity, would have a supersonic range of 3,090 m (3,380 yd) under International Standard Atmosphere sea level conditions (air density ρ = 1.225 kg/m3). However, field testing of this projectile proved it to be completely unstable, and useless at any velocity, or range. This was established in February 2009 by Terry Holstine, an Oklahoma State Trooper, who is the only person to ever have fired the Viking. It would appear that Mr. Möller did not test this projectile prior to public release whereby the dynamic instability would have been discovered.
Chambering availability.
The .408 Cheyenne Tactical chambering is offered for these factory rifles:
The .375 Cheyenne Tactical chambering is offered for these factory rifles:
Several high quality large tactical and match (semi) custom bolt actions were designed for the .408 Cheyenne Tactical cartridge and were becoming available as of 2007. These semi-custom bolt actions are used with other high grade rifle and sighting components to build custom sporting and target rifles. Such rifles are ordered by long-range accuracy oriented shooters and built by specialized, highly skilled gunsmiths and can cost thousands of dollars. When built to expectation such rifles are very accurate—0.5 MOA or better consistent accuracy for a particular rifle optimized ammunition is considered normal.

</doc>
<doc id="7039353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039353" title="First Aid squad">
First Aid squad



</doc>
<doc id="7039354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039354" title="Lazar Serebryakov">
Lazar Serebryakov

Lazar Markovich Serebryakov (; 1792–1862), born Ghazar Artsatagortsian (), was a Russian Navy Admiral of Armenian descent. He participated in the Russo-Turkish War, 1828-1829, serving in the Black Sea and Baltic fleets, commanding battleships. In 1838, he laid the foundation of the city of Novorossiysk. He also held top command positions during the Crimean War (1853–1856).

</doc>
<doc id="7039358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039358" title="Ferrucci Lamborghini">
Ferrucci Lamborghini



</doc>
<doc id="7039359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039359" title="Finish line (retailer)">
Finish line (retailer)



</doc>
<doc id="7039361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039361" title="Tiesto">
Tiesto



</doc>
<doc id="7039378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039378" title="Manna gum">
Manna gum



</doc>
<doc id="7039385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039385" title="Gibson island, md">
Gibson island, md



</doc>
<doc id="7039389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039389" title="Siege of Hachigata (1590)">
Siege of Hachigata (1590)

The 1590 siege of Hachigata was the penultimate battle of Toyotomi Hideyoshi's campaigns against the Hōjō clan, during Japan's Sengoku period. Hachigata was one of the last major fortresses of the Hōjō, whose opposition in the Kantō region Hideyoshi sought to eliminate, having already subjugated all of Western Japan. 
The besieging force of 35,000 men was led by Maeda Toshiie and Uesugi Kagekatsu. The Hōjō garrison under the command of Hōjō Ujikuni held out for over a month before the castle fell.

</doc>
<doc id="7039397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039397" title="Redding, CT">
Redding, CT



</doc>
<doc id="7039404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039404" title="Redding, ct">
Redding, ct



</doc>
<doc id="7039405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039405" title="Skin patch">
Skin patch



</doc>
<doc id="7039418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039418" title="KWBP">
KWBP

KWBP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7039451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039451" title="HMAS Swan (U-74/A-427/F-74)">
HMAS Swan (U-74/A-427/F-74)



</doc>
<doc id="7039455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039455" title="Dwayne Mattis">
Dwayne Mattis

Dwayne Anthony Mattis (born 31 July 1981) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. Born in England, he made two appearances for the Republic of Ireland U21 national team.
Career.
Mattis began his career as a trainee with Huddersfield Town, debuting on 1 May 1998 in the First Division match which Huddersfield drew 2–2 with Crystal Palace. Mattis came on as a 38th minute substitute for Jon Dyson.
Mattis played his second match - the final game of 1998–99 - eight days later, but did not play again until the second game of 2001–02, more than two years later. However, this was the breakthrough season for Mattis, who played a total of 29 league matches that season. Another full season followed, but in 2003–04 Mattis played only five games, including just one full match - the 6–2 defeat at Scunthorpe United.
Released at the season's end, Mattis joined Bury and made his debut on 7 August 2004 in the 3–1 home win over Yeovil Town. He has appeared regularly for the club since then.
Mattis has represented the Republic of Ireland at under-21 level.
On 10 January 2007, Mattis joined Barnsley after two unsuccessful bids despite offers from MK Dons. The final fee was £50,000 rising to £75,000 if Barnsley avoid relegation, plus a 20% sell on fee.
In September 2007 he signed for Walsall on a month-long loan deal but suffered a broken leg in a 0–0 draw with Tranmere Rovers and was sent back to Barnsley where he is expected to be out for three months.
Mattis was released by Barnsley on 30 June 2008, after having his contract terminated by mutual consent. On 3 July 2008, he signed a permanent contract with Walsall returning to the club he had a successful loan spell with during the previous season. He was released by Walsall on 10 May 2010 along with six other players. He signed a two-year deal with Chesterfield F.C. on 21 May 2010. He made a flying start to his Chesterfield career, scoring in his first three games against Barnet in the league, against Middlesbrough in the League Cup and Port Vale in the league.
Following an injury and subsequent operation, appearances in the first team were limited and in January 2012, his contract was cancelled by mutual consent. On 20 January 2012, he signed a contract until the end of the 2011–12 season with Macclesfield. In May 2012, Mattis was released by Macclesfield due to the expiry of his contract.
Honours.
Chesterfield
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="7039460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039460" title="Spiking">
Spiking



</doc>
<doc id="7039467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039467" title="Tayabas, Philippine Islands">
Tayabas, Philippine Islands



</doc>
<doc id="7039468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039468" title="Emerson Junior-Senior High School">
Emerson Junior-Senior High School

Emerson Junior-Senior High School is a six-year public high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grade from Emerson, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the Emerson School District. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools since 1968.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 446 students and 46.1 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 9.7:1. There were 33 students (7.4% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 7 (1.6% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
The district announced plans in December 1960 for a junior-senior high school facility that would serve an enrollment of 860 students and would be constructed on a site covering . The new school would allow the district to end a sending/receiving relationship under which Emerson students attended Hackensack High School.
An August 1962 tornado caused significant damage to the construction site for the new high school, ripping off significant portions of the roof, twisting girders and knocking over masonry.
The school was completed at a cost of $2.3 million (equivalent to $ million in ), opening to students in March 1963 after the August tornado caused over $70,000 in damage and prevented the school from opening in September 1962 as originally planned, with students who had enrolled at Hackensack High School completing their education there through graduation.
In 2020, Emerson Junior-Senior High School, was used as a filming location in the movie Chemical Hearts, starring Lili Reinhart.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 85th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 77th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 34th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 55th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 51st in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which included 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school tied for 99th out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (an increase of 8 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (85.7%) and language arts literacy (97.6%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
EHS also has an award-winning journalism program, having won several prestigious awards for its Adopt-A-Journalist Program under the guidance of Ava Annese and "The Record". Recent adopted journalists include Pulitzer Prize-nominated photographer Thomas E. Franklin, ESPN-online writer Bob Klapisch, and stand-up comic and "The Record" columnist Bill Ervolino. Awards received for the program include:
In 2003, Ava Annese received the New Jersey High School Teacher of Civics Education award from the VFW. In the national contest, she received third place.
Emerson's Musical Theatre program has been recognized by The Metros, Paper Mill Playhouse and the New Jersey Metropolitan chapter of The Cappies.
Athletics.
The Emerson High School Cavaliers (commonly known as the Cavos) participate in the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference, which is comprised of small-enrollment schools in Bergen, Hudson County, Morris County and Passaic County counties, and was created following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Prior to the NJSIAA's realignment that took effect in the fall of 2010, Emerson was a member of the Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL). With 243 students in grades 10–12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group II for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 75 to 476 students in that grade range. The school's co-op team with Cresskill High School was classified by the NJSIAA as Group II North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 484 to 683 students.
The school participates as the host school / lead agency for joint cooperative girls lacrosse and wrestling teams with Park Ridge High School, while Emerson is the host school for boys / girls bowling, cross country running. boys / girls golf and boys lacrosse teams. River Dell High School is the host school for a co-op ice hockey team with Emerson and Westwood Regional High School as participants. These co-op programs operate under agreements scheduled to expire at the end of the 2023–24 school year.
Emerson is known for its wrestling team led by coach Stan Woods, who was named District, Region and New Jersey Coach of the Year for the co-operative Emerson/Park Ridge High School team of 2006–07. Woods has led his teams to 30 league championships, nine county championships, and eight state sectional championships. Woods' 602nd career victory, achieved in February 2011 with a win against Nutley High School, made him the winningest coach in New Jersey wrestling history. The wrestling team won the North I Group I state sectional championships in 1980, 1983–1987, 2001, 2003, 2018 and 2020, and won the North I Group II sectional title in 2016. The team won the Group II state championship in 2016 with a 29–28 win against Delaware Valley Regional High School in the final match of the tournament
The girls bowling team won the overall state championship in 1976.
The baseball team won the Group I state championship in 1982 (defeating Middlesex High School in the tournament final), 1992 (vs. Arthur P. Schalick High School), 2000 (vs. Pitman High School), 2001 (vs. Keyport High School), 2015 (vs. Middlesex) and 2019 (vs. New Providence High School). The program's six state titles are tied for eighth-most in the state. Two runs scored in the first inning provided the margin needed for a 2–0 victory in the tournament finals against Middlesex to win the 1982 Group I state title. The 2000 team finished the season with a record of 26-5 after winning the Group I title by defeating Pitman by a score of 5–4 in the championship game. The team won the North I, Group I state sectional championship in 2001 with a 4–1 win over Midland Park High School in the tournament final and went on to win the Group I title with a 2–1 victory against Keyport in the championship game to finish the season with a 25–6 record. The 2015 team finished the season with a 26–5 record after defeating Middlesex High School by a score of 3–1 in the tournament final. The team won the Group I state championship in 2019, defeating Glassboro High School by a score of 8–5 in the final game of the tournament.
The 1983 football team finished the season with an 11–0 record after winning the NJSIAA North I Group I state sectional title with a 21–7 win against Saddle Brook High School in the championship game.
The 2003 boys' tennis team, as a second seed, won the school's first state championship in decades with a 3–2 win over Waldwick High School. The team again made it to the section final in 2004, but their efforts fell short with a 4–1 loss to Mountain Lakes High School.
Extracurricular activities.
Five students represented the school on News 12 New Jersey's and Power to Learn's NJ Challenge. Five students represented the school again in 2009 in the NJ Challenge under the guidance of Lisa Thomas, media technology specialist, and Thomas Lambe, mathematics instructor. The show aired in November 2009. The school had also made an appearance on the show in 2007, under the coaching of then media specialist Clifford Brooks. Two members of the team, including the 2009 captain, competed for the team in both appearances.
In 2010, the Emerson Cavalier Marching Band won the award for best music in the Montclair band festival.
Administration.
The school's principal is Brian Hutchinson and Leviticus Cornwall serving as vice principal.

</doc>
<doc id="7039469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039469" title="The Adventures of Picorino">
The Adventures of Picorino



</doc>
<doc id="7039478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039478" title="Ghazar Artsatagortsian">
Ghazar Artsatagortsian



</doc>
<doc id="7039491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039491" title="Miami dade county">
Miami dade county



</doc>
<doc id="7039494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039494" title="Camp Stotsenburg">
Camp Stotsenburg



</doc>
<doc id="7039497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039497" title="Ayala's Angel">
Ayala's Angel

Ayala's Angel is an 1881 novel written by English author Anthony Trollope between 25 April and 24 September 1878, although it was not published until 1881. It was written as a stand-alone novel rather than as part of a series, though several of the minor characters appear in other novels by Trollope.
The plot focuses on two orphaned sisters, Lucy and Ayala Dormer, Ayala especially, and their trials, with first their relatives, and then of the heart, though as in most Trollope novels, pages are given over to subplots related to the main plot.
Due to a lack of success in his immediately preceding novels, Trollope had difficulty publishing "Ayala's Angel". It was first published in the United States, in the periodical "Cincinnati Commercial", which, as was the usual custom for novels at the time, released it in increments, probably of four chapters per issue, between 6 November 1880 and 23 July 1881, for which illustrations were drawn, which were left out of the British publication, released in May 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="7039499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039499" title="New Milford High School (New Jersey)">
New Milford High School (New Jersey)

New Milford High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from New Milford in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the New Milford School District. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools since 1964.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 580 students and 47.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.2:1. There were 72 students (12.4% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 32 (5.5% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 131st-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 169th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 161st in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 99th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 86th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Schooldigger.com ranked the school 132nd out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (an increase of 55 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (83.3%) and language arts literacy (95.9%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
In its 2013 report on "America's Best High Schools", "The Daily Beast" ranked the school 1028th in the nation among participating public high schools and 72nd among schools in New Jersey.
Athletics.
The New Milford High School Knights participate in the Patriot Division of the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference, which is comprised of small-enrollment schools in Bergen, Hudson, Morris and Passaic counties, and was created following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Prior to realignment that took effect in the fall of 2010, New Milford was a member of the Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL) in the Olympic Division. With 433 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group I for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 75 to 476 students in that grade range. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group I North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 254 to 474 students. The Knights have won multiple league championships in bowling, football, basketball, and wrestling, as well as soccer.
The school participates as the host school / lead agency for joint boys / girls swimming teams with Dumont High School. New Milford and Northern Valley Regional High School at Demarest participate in a co-op ice hockey team with Northern Valley Regional High School at Old Tappan as the host school. These co-op programs operate under agreements scheduled to expire at the end of the 2023–24 school year.
The boys track team won the indoor track Group III state championship in 1968.
The boys track team won the Group III spring / outdoor track state championship in 1968.
The football team was awarded the sectional championship by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association in 1972 (as co-champion). Since the playoff system was introduced in 1974, the team has won the North I Group I state sectional championships in both 1985 and 1986. The 1985 team won the North I Group I state sectional title with a 10-7 win in overtime against Hasbrouck Heights High School in the championship game. The 1986 team finished the season with a 9-1-1 record after winning the North I Group I tournament final with a 13-7 win against Hasbrouck Heights.
The girl's track team won the Group I indoor relays state championship in 1987.
In 2004, the baseball team won the program's first Group I state championship, defeating New Providence High School by a score of 2–0 in the tournament final. The team won the North I, Group I sectional championship with a 16–1 win over Hasbrouck Heights High School, and then won the state championship with a 3–0 win over Henry P. Becton Regional High School in the semifinals and a 2–0 win in the finals vs. New Providence High School. Pitcher PJ Saporito was named 1st team all-league, all-county and all-state while compiling a 12–0 record and 0.53 ERA, and was selected as the North Jersey Player of the Year. The team repeated as league and as North I, Group I sectional champions in 2005 with a 6–5 win over Glen Rock High School.
The varsity bowling team compiled four straight state sectional titles from 2006 to 2009.
In 2025, the varsity wrestling team won their first sectional championship in program history, defeating Kittatinny Regional High School by a score of 38-31 in the North I Group I sectional final.
Television appearances.
On June 23, 2007, a group of 55 music students was selected to participate in the second episode of the reality show "Schooled", after which they were surprised with a private concert by The All-American Rejects and given backpacks filled with OfficeMax merchandise. The chain also granted New Milford High School a $60,000 gift card. The one-hour show aired on August 5, 2007, on The CW Television Network.
The school was featured on the truTV show "The Principal's Office", originally aired on August 21, 2008.
Administration.
The school's principal is Lou Manupelli. His administration team includes the vice principal.

</doc>
<doc id="7039502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039502" title="HMAS Warrego (L-73/U-73)">
HMAS Warrego (L-73/U-73)



</doc>
<doc id="7039512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039512" title="You're A Woman, I'm A Machine">
You're A Woman, I'm A Machine



</doc>
<doc id="7039530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039530" title="Siege of Kurokawa Castle">
Siege of Kurokawa Castle

The siege of Kurokawa Castle was a battle during the Azuchi–Momoyama period (16th century) of Japan. Date Masamune besieged Kurokawa Castle against Ashina clan.
Following the assassination of Date Masamune cousin, Ashina Moritaka in 1584, and the death of Ashina Kameomaru, son of Moritaka in 1586, Ashina Yoshihiro, was chosen to inherit the leadership of the Ashina clan. 
After Date Masamune attacked Nihonmatsu at Battle of Koriyama in 1588, the sons of Hatakeyama Yoshitsugu set the Koriyama castle on fire and fled to Ashina clan at Kurokawa Castle. 
Date Masamune, who had been a rival of the Ashina clan for many years, seized the chance to invade the territories of the Ashina clan. 
Masamune took the Kurokawa Castle with little effort. 
Many vassals under the Ashina clan, inclusive of Inawashiro Morikuni, defected to the Date clan.

</doc>
<doc id="7039533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039533" title="Horton Hears A Who! (film)">
Horton Hears A Who! (film)



</doc>
<doc id="7039541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039541" title="Love, Wisconsin Style">
Love, Wisconsin Style



</doc>
<doc id="7039550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039550" title="Isikari Subprefecture">
Isikari Subprefecture



</doc>
<doc id="7039556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039556" title="RIAS Award for Architecture">
RIAS Award for Architecture



</doc>
<doc id="7039576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039576" title="Abdallah ibn Tahir al-Khurasani">
Abdallah ibn Tahir al-Khurasani

Abdallah ibn Tahir (, ) (ca. 798–844/5) was a military leader and the Tahirid governor of Khurasan from 828 until his death. He is perhaps the most famous of the Tahirids. His career spanned twenty-five years under three caliphs, al-Ma'mun, al-Mu'tasim, and al-Wathiq. Militarily, he is known for defeating the powerful rebels Nasr ibn Shabath in the Jazira (Upper Mesopotamia) and Ubaydallah ibn al-Sari in Egypt.
Early life.
Abdallah's early career consisted of serving with his father Tahir ibn Husayn in pacifying the lands of the Abbasid Caliphate following the civil war between al-Amin and al-Ma'mun. He later succeeded his father as governor of al-Jazira, with the task of defeating the rebel Nasr ibn Shabath, and between 824 and 826 convinced Nasr to surrender. He was then sent to Egypt, where he successfully ended an uprising led by 'Abd-Allah ibn al-Sari. He also recovered Alexandria, which had been seized by Andalusian Muslim corsairs twelve years before; following their expulsion, the corsairs headed to Byzantine Crete, establishing Muslim rule there for the first time.
Governorship.
Although Abdallah had been made the governor of Khurasan following his brother's death in 828, he only arrived in Nishapur in 830; in the meantime he had been busy fighting more revolts. He was assigned for a brief time in 829 to stop the Khurramite Babak, but then was given new orders by the caliph to move to Khurasan and stop the Kharijites. Abdallah's brother 'Ali acted as deputy governor of Khurasan until he was ready to take up residence in Nishapur.
During his reign as governor Abdallah was occupied with affairs on both the eastern and western parts of his territories. In the east, he took steps to improve the strength of the Samanids, his vassals in Transoxiana. The Samanids were important, as they controlled the trade between Central Asia and the central Caliphate, including the trade in Turkic slaves. Also in the east, in 834, an Alid, Muhammad ibn al-Qasim, revolted in Juzjan, but Abdallah's forces eventually managed to capture him.
In the west, meanwhile, Abdallah came into conflict with the local ruler of Tabaristan, the Ispahbadh Mazyar. As the ruler of the east, Abdallah claimed Tabaristan as a dependency and insisted that the tribute owed by Mazyar to the caliph should pass through him. Mazyar, however, was looking to expand his dominion and wanted to be free of Tahirid influence, so he refused to accept this and demanded that he be able to pay his tribute directly to the caliph. In this struggle Mazyar had the support of the Afshin, who allegedly wanted to control the Tahirid lands himself. Abdallah was able to turn the caliph against Mazyar, and in 839 was ordered to stop the Ispahbad. Mazyar, a recent convert to Islam, heavily relied on the Zoroastrians of the province but in the end was captured, sent to Iraq and executed. Tahirid control over Tabaristan was therefore secured until the Zaydid revolt of 864. During the same year in 839, an earthquake occurred in Farghana, destroying much of the city.
Abdallah died in Nishapur, either at the end of 844 or in 845. He was succeeded by his son Tahir. According to the famous Seljuq "vizier" Nizam al-Mulk, Abdallah was buried in Nishapur, where his tomb became a pilgrimage site.

</doc>
<doc id="7039579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039579" title="Dance metal">
Dance metal



</doc>
<doc id="7039590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039590" title="Dance Metal">
Dance Metal



</doc>
<doc id="7039592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039592" title="Palisades Park High School">
Palisades Park High School

Palisades Park High School is a six-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grades from Palisades Park, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the Palisades Park Public School District.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 736 students and 52.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.0:1. There were 361 students (49.0% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 72 (9.8% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 282nd-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 253rd in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 87th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 118th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 133rd in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school as tied for 198th out of 376 public high schools statewide in its 2010 rankings (an increase of 33 positions from the 2009 rank) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the language arts literacy and mathematics components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Athletics.
The Palisades Park High School Tigers participate in the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference, which is comprised of small-enrollment public and private schools in Bergen, Hudson, Morris and Passaic counties, and was created following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Prior to realignment that took effect in the fall of 2010, Palisades Park was a member of the Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL). With 332 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group I for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 75 to 476 students in that grade range. The school's co-op football team was classified by the NJSIAA as Group IV North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 893 to 1,315 students.
The school participates as the host school / lead agency for a joint cooperative football team with Leonia High School, while Leonia is the host school for co-op girls soccer, boys / girls swimming and wrestling teams. These co-op programs operate under agreements scheduled to expire at the end of the 2023–24 school year.
The baseball team won the Group I state championship in 1976, defeating Bound Brook High School by a score of 3-2 in the tournament final.
The wrestling team won the North I Group I state sectional championship in 1981, 1982 and 1991
The 1991 football team finished the season with a 9-2 record after winning the NJSIAA North I Group I state sectional title with a 20-10 victory against Wallington High School in the championship game.
The boys cross country running team won the Group I state championship in 1995, 1996 and 2000. The team has won North I Group I state sectional championships in 1976, 1987, 1994-2000 and in 2002, with the team's 10 sectional titles being the second most of any high school in North Jersey I. The 2000 team was awarded honors from "The Star-Ledger" as team of the year, with Frank Donohue earning Coach of the Year, with the paper noting the team's seven consecutive sectional titles. They have also won numerous State Sectional and County Group titles. Donohie was recognized by "The Record" as its Coach of the Year in 2004. The team held a 70–0 dual meet winning streak through part of the 1990s and into the 2000s.
The girls cross country running team won the Group I state championship in 2004.
In 2006, the boys' basketball team won their first BCSL Olympic League title since 1980, finishing with a league-best 13–3 record (17–6 overall record). With just one senior in the starting lineup on the 2006 championship squad, the team would go on to win back-to-back Olympic League titles in 2009 and 2010.
In 2007, the boys' tennis team won their first state sectional title, defeating Leonia High School 3–2 to win the North I, Group I championship. They have gone down in history for being the first to ever win a State Sectionals Title for both boys and girls.
Palisades Park football, which is a co-op program with Leonia High School, made the state championship game in 2012 for North Jersey II Group III for the first time since 1991. Under the leadership of Head Coach David Schuman it was the first time a co-op program made the sectional finals in state history, with the team falling to Summit High School by a 30–0 final score. The team finished 9–3 which was the second most wins in school history. Coach Schuman was awarded NJIC coach of the year and the team finished ranked  12 in North Jersey by "The Record".
Administration.
The school's principal is Andrew Garcia. His administration team includes the vice principal.

</doc>
<doc id="7039594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039594" title="R .v. Pamajewon">
R .v. Pamajewon



</doc>
<doc id="7039601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039601" title="Louis Upchurch">
Louis Upchurch



</doc>
<doc id="7039617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039617" title="Grand Prix de l'urbanisme">
Grand Prix de l'urbanisme

The Grand prix de l'urbanisme is awarded for urban planning in France by the Ministry for Ecology, Energy, Sustainable Development and Planning. The prize has been awarded annually since 1989, except during the period from 1994 until 1998, when it was not awarded.
A book is published each year, detailing the work of the award winner and other nominees.

</doc>
<doc id="7039621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039621" title="X event">
X event



</doc>
<doc id="7039628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039628" title="Media control">
Media control



</doc>
<doc id="7039638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039638" title="Oskee Wow-Wow">
Oskee Wow-Wow

Oskee-Wow-Wow (along with "Illinois Loyalty") is the official fight song of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The song was written in 1910 by two students, Harold Vater Hill, Class of 1911 (1889–1917), credited with the music, and Howard Ruggles Green, Class of 1912 (1890–1969), credited with the lyrics.
History.
"Oskee-Wow-Wow" is an invented phrase similar to other college cheers and yells. The Illinois cheer was used from before the turn of the 20th century.
In the summer of 1910, Hill and Green composed and entered "Oskee-Wow-Wow" and several other songs into a contest for a student-composed opera. The opera was never finished, so the two attempted to sell the musical numbers to a publisher. They managed to sell the song to Charley Graham, the manager of the U. of I. Supply Store (also known as the Co-Op) for $100. Hill and Green attempted to publish "Hail to the Orange" by printing it on the back cover of "Oskee-Wow-Wow," but Graham refused, citing the song's lack of "punch." "Oskee Wow Wow" was copyrighted in 1911. Melrose Bros. Music Co., Inc. of Chicago published it as sheet music in 1928 It became popular as the school's primary fight song primarily because "Illinois Loyalty," the older fight song, was not well suited to rousing large crowds at a game.
Lyrics.
The original words of the song are as follows: 
Media.
The music is included in the ″Illini Fantasy″, a medley of Illinois songs and marches arranged for concert band by James Curnow in 1970 as a commission from Director of Bands Harry Begian.
There have long been two versions of the song. Most commonly, it is played "from the hold" at the start of the chorus, when the "O" in "Oskee Wow-Wow" is held out. This version is played after first downs and touchdowns in football and leading into time-outs in basketball. Coincidentally, the buzzers at nearly every arena are in the same chord as the hold. The song was played "from the top" after an extra point was kicked but was replaced in favor of "Fight, Illini." 
For many years, the band started playing the song "from the top" toward the end of the warmup period in basketball. When conducted correctly, the "hold" was played just as the buzzer sounded. 
The song appears to have been written to be played after a touchdown, as it slows down while being played "from the top" before picking back up after the "hold."

</doc>
<doc id="7039645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039645" title="Westwood High School (New Jersey)">
Westwood High School (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="7039647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039647" title="Guitar Bazaar">
Guitar Bazaar

Guitar Bazaar is the second solo recording by Tim Sparks on the Acoustic Music Records label, released in 1995.
History.
After a journey to Hungary, Yugoslavia and Bosnia in the late 1980s, Sparks began an interest in Eastern European music. He began playing in various world music groups and immersed himself in various styles. He has described "Guitar Bazaar" as a fusion of Middle Eastern and American roots music. The album includes arrangements of Béla Bartók's Romanian Dances. It was this album that John Zorn heard that led to Sparks' recording of his series of albums for Tzadik Records.
Reception.
"Guitar Player" wrote in their review, "If you're getting complacent about your acoustic fingerpicking, you'd better hear Tim Sparks' new CD... There's nothing forced or studied about his playing or compositions: his intense, on-the-edge attack speaks of many nights wailing around campfires in places most of us have never heard of."
Track listing.
All compositions by Tim Sparks.

</doc>
<doc id="7039650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039650" title="Aqua Julia">
Aqua Julia

The Aqua Julia (or Iulia) is a Roman aqueduct built in 33 BC by Agrippa under Augustus to supply the city of Rome. The building of the aqueduct quite some time, the works begun in 40 BC. The length of the aqueduct was , and its daily discharge was .
History.
The aqueduct was repaired by Augustus only a few years after its had been completed, an inscription describing the works having been done in 5 BC.
Additional repaires were done in 79 AD by Titus, and during the 2nd century AD, around 196 AD, it was expanded further north (up to the Viminal Gate). Later, during the rule of Severan dynasty, the aqueduct underwent again extensive repairs in 196 AD by Severus and in 212 AD by Caracalla, and an additional channel was added to it. Though some remains of later repairs have been found, their dating has not been established.
Route.
Though Frontinus stated that the springs were two miles to the right of the twelfth mile of the via Latina, the source of the Aqua Iulia is situated approximately a half-mile north of the abbey of Grottaferrata at the present bridge of the "Squarciarelli", not far from those that fed the Aqua Tepula aqueduct.
Given the proximity to the sources of the Tepula, the two conduits converged and then travelled together underground from a point not yet identified, up to the "limaria" pool (the settling basin) where they mixed and which was located in the current Capannelle area near the Aqua Marcia. From there the conduits separated again, continuing on the surface and using, for about 9.6 km, the arches already built for the Aqua Marcia aqueduct, suitably restructured to support the conduits. The triple duct is still visible in the stretches of arches left standing, with the Aqua Tepula on top. They reached the city at "ad spem veterem", near Porta Maggiore. 
From here the conduits used the Aurelian walls and crossed via Tiburtina on an arch which became Porta Tiburtina. The route then returned underground, passed the Viminal gate, where Termini Station stands today, and ended near the Porta Collina, where the main distribution "castellum" was, near the current via XX Settembre. It may have fed the nymphaeum called "Lacus Orphei" as shown on the map of Rodolfo Lanciani.
By using 17 "castella divisorum" the Aqua Iulia, together with the Tepula, supplied the Caelian, Esquiline, Viminale, Quirinale, Campidoglio, Palatine and Piccolo Aventine hills, in addition to the Fora.
After the first repairs carried out by Augustus between 11 and 4 BC, others were done by Caracalla and then by Alexander Severus who used the water to supply the monumental fountain of the nymphaeum Alexandri (or Trophies of Marius) still visible in the Piazza Vittorio.
Frontinus states that, prior to the construction of the Aqua Claudia, the Marcia and Iulia supplied the Caelian and the Aventine. In Frontinus's own lifetime, a section of the Marcia was diverted at Spes Vetus and was delivered to the reservoirs of the former hill.
Possible branch.
Some arches remain in the Piazza Guglielmo Pepe, which suggests that a branch ran to the Nymphaeum Alexandri. The identification of this branch with the Aqua Iulia is dependent on the "specus" (channel) that runs upon it being only 0.3 m below the bottom of the specus of the aqueduct at Porta Maggiore, which is at 63.7 m above sea-level. However, the level of the bottom of the Aqua Iulia located just outside Porta Maggiore is given as 57.4 m above sea-level. If this is accurate, the branch must have originated from the Aqua Claudia or the Anio Novus.
Marker stones.
Nine "cippi" are known, all dated from the time of Augustus.
No. 302 has been found near the springs, and 281 not far south of the abbey; others (157, 156, 154, 153) have come to light at Capannelle near the seventh mile of the via Latina, before the channel begins to run above ground upon the arches of the Aqua Marcia.
The aforementioned group has been dated back to the 14–11 BC restoration. However, another cippus has been located, north of the abbey, bearing the number 2. It dates from 14 BC, and is, it is presumed, the result of another restoration by Augustus, of which there is no record.

</doc>
<doc id="7039678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039678" title="FHP">
FHP

FHP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7039687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039687" title="Pochote">
Pochote

Pochote can refer to several species of trees including:

</doc>
<doc id="7039689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039689" title="Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs">
Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs



</doc>
<doc id="7039691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039691" title="Numbers Guy">
Numbers Guy



</doc>
<doc id="7039695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039695" title="Hey Hey (song)">
Hey Hey (song)



</doc>
<doc id="7039697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039697" title="Mr. Nobody">
Mr. Nobody

Mr. Nobody may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7039700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039700" title="CATTG">
CATTG



</doc>
<doc id="7039703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039703" title="Forest research">
Forest research



</doc>
<doc id="7039705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039705" title="Pohio">
Pohio



</doc>
<doc id="7039706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039706" title="Saïd Mohamed Jaffar">
Saïd Mohamed Jaffar



</doc>
<doc id="7039707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039707" title="Janaki Trio">
Janaki Trio



</doc>
<doc id="7039709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039709" title="Active heave compensator">
Active heave compensator



</doc>
<doc id="7039710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039710" title="Farmers cheese">
Farmers cheese



</doc>
<doc id="7039727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039727" title="Steeple-bush">
Steeple-bush



</doc>
<doc id="7039728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039728" title="Westwood Regional High School">
Westwood Regional High School

Westwood Regional High School (formerly Westwood Regional Jr./Sr. High School) is a four-year comprehensive regional public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Borough of Westwood and the Township of Washington, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the Westwood Regional School District. Beginning in the 2019–20 school year, students in eighth grade who had previously attended the then junior-senior high school began attending the new Westwood Middle School.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 839 students and 81.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.3:1. There were 79 students (9.4% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 18 (2.1% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards and recognition.
The school was the 106th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 58th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 92nd in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 56th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 81st in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which included 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school tied for 128th out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (a decrease of 9 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (83.8%) and language arts literacy (95.9%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
The school has been named as one of the Best Communities for Music Education by the NAMM Foundation for more than 10 years.
Curriculum.
A dual enrollment program with Bergen Community College allows students to obtain college credit while fulfilling the high school requirements.
Students may opt to enroll at the Bergen County Technical Schools and split their time between the high school general education coursework and the vocational coursework.
Advanced Placement (AP) courses offered include AP English Language and Composition, AP English Literature and Composition, AP Statistics, AP Calculus AB, AP Calculus BC, AP Computer Science Principles, AP Computer Science A, AP Chemistry, AP Biology, AP Physics 2, AP Environmental Science, AP United States History, AP United States Government &amp; Politics, AP Psychology, AP Spanish, AP French, AP Italian, AP Studio Art, AP Art History.
Extracurricular activities.
Students have opportunities to participate in activities that have included as a student exchange program with France and multiple day field trips (previous trips have been to Spain, France, Hawaii, and US National Parks)
Activities and clubs for students to participate in include:
Academic Decathlon.
In 2025, the Westwood Regional High School WACADECA won the NJ State Academic Decathlon competition. 
In 2024, the Westwood Regional High School WACADECA (the school's abbreviation for their academic decathlon team) came in 3rd place at the National United States Academic Decathlon for Division II school.
eSports.
The Westwood Regional High School eSports team came in 2nd place at the National High School Rocket League Championship in 2024. The Cardinals were the Garden State eSports state champions for Rocket League in the spring 2024 champions league.
Garden State Film Festival.
In 2025, WRHS student Emma Lagatol won the New Jersey Hometown Documentary Short- High School category for her film "Forever a Cardinal'.
Athletics.
The Westwood Regional High School Cardinals compete in the Big North Conference, which is comprised of public and private high schools in Bergen and Passaic counties, and was established following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Before the NJSIAA's 2009 realignment, the school had previously participated in the Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL) American Conference, which included public and private high schools located in Bergen and Hudson counties. With 628 students in grades 10–12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group II for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 486 to 758 students in that grade range. The football team competes in the American Red division of the North Jersey Super Football Conference, which includes 112 schools competing in 20 divisions, making it the nation's biggest football-only high school sports league. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group II North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 484 to 683 students. Westwood Regional High School athletic teams are called the Cardinals. They wear school colors scarlet, white and black. The school's original colors were scarlet and white, with black added later as an official school color.
Dan Vivino, the school's athletic director, was selected in 2024 as the Jim Grasso Athletic Director of the Year for Bergen County.
The school participates in joint cooperative boys / girls swimming teams with River Dell High School as the host school / lead agency. River Dell also hosts a co-op ice hockey team that includes Emerson Junior-Senior High School and Westwood. These co-op programs operate under agreements scheduled to expire at the end of the 2023–24 school year.
Sports offered by the school include:
The boys' basketball team finished the 1951 season with a 21–1 record after winning the Group II state championship with a 68–48 victory against runner-up Ocean City High School in the tournament final.
The boys cross country team won the Group II state title in 1963.
The softball team won the North I state sectional championship in 1974 and 1975.
The field hockey team won the North I Group II state sectional title in 1987 and won the Group II state title that year as co-champion after a 1–1 tie in the finals against Moorestown High School to finish the season with a record of 18-2-1.
The girls volleyball team won the Group II state championship in 1989 (defeating runner-up Lyndhurst High School in the final match of the playoffs) and 1997 (vs. New Milford High School).
The boys track team won the indoor relay championship in Group I in 1998
The football team won the NJSIAA North I Group II state sectional championship in 2000, 2006, 2013, 2014, 2022 and 2023 and won the North I Group I title in 2004. The 2000 team won the North II Group I state sectional title with a 33–7 win against Pompton Lakes High School in the championship final played at Kean University. The 2006 team went to Giants Stadium in East Rutherford where they played the Indians of Pascack Valley High School in the North I Group II finals, beating them 9–8. The school has had a football rivalry since 1976 with River Dell High School called the "Bird Bowl", in which the winner receives a trophy with a football inside of a bird cage. Westwood leads the series with an overall record of 20-18 through the 2017 season. NJ.com listed the rivalry as 28th on its 2017 list "Ranking the 31 fiercest rivalries in N.J. HS football". The team won the North I Group II sectional title in 2022, stopping a two-point conversion by Rutherford High School with seconds left on the clock to win 21-20 and repeated in 2023 with a 20-7 victory in the North I Group II sectional finals against Rutherford.
The boys' spring track team won three consecutive Bergen County Tournament championships from 2004 to 2006. In Spring 2005 the team went undefeated in Bergen County, and won the North I Group II state championship by a record margin.
In 2007, the boys' basketball team played in the North I, Group II state championship, falling to Pascack Hills High School by 66–65 in overtime, in a game played at River Dell High School.
The girls spring track team was the Group I co-champion in 2010.
Administration.
The school's principal is Frank Connelly. The administrative team includes four assistant principals.

</doc>
<doc id="7039730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039730" title="Cybermall">
Cybermall



</doc>
<doc id="7039766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039766" title="Yellow Oxytropis">
Yellow Oxytropis



</doc>
<doc id="7039771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039771" title="Nara Singde">
Nara Singde



</doc>
<doc id="7039785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039785" title="Australian aboriginal kinship">
Australian aboriginal kinship



</doc>
<doc id="7039791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039791" title="Joseph Coulter (American football)">
Joseph Coulter (American football)

Joseph Coulter (February 22, 1880 – October 22, 1943), sometimes spelled Colter, was an American college football player and coach. He served as the co-head football coach at the University of Georgia for one season, in 1909.
Coulter was born on February 22, 1880, in Suffield, Connecticut, to James and Martha Graham Coulter. He attended Brown University, where he played on the varsity football, track and field, and water polo teams. He lettered in football from 1901 to 1904. Coulter was an assistant football and track coach at Brown in 1905 and 1906. In 1906, he coached at Holyoke High School in Holyoke, Massachusetts. The following year, he was appointed physical director and head athletic coach at Cheshire Academy, a prep school in Cheshire, Connecticut.
In September 1909, Coulter was hired by Georgia as athletic coach for academic year of 1909–10. In November of that year, Frank Dobson, who had been an assistant coach at Georgia Tech the prior year, was brought in to help Coulter coach the team. Dobson added new trick plays in an attempt to energize the offense. Still the team finished with a record of 1–4–2. Georgia football records credit Coulter and Dobson as co-coaches for the 1909 season. Coulter began coaching the Georgia baseball team in the spring of 1910, but was dismissed from the team and replaced with Frank B. Anderson.
Coulter married Helen Gertrude Tryon on September 8, 1909. During World War I, Coulter was associated with the YMCA and worked with the Italian Army. He later had a trucking business in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania before becoming the superintendent of a number of private estates. In 1931, he was appointed superintendent of Wilcox Park in Westerly, Rhode Island. He died on October 22, 1943, following a brief illness, at his home in the park.

</doc>
<doc id="7039793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039793" title="Fodder Vetch">
Fodder Vetch



</doc>
<doc id="7039809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039809" title="J. Coulter">
J. Coulter



</doc>
<doc id="7039811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039811" title="Prix de l'Équerre d'Argent">
Prix de l'Équerre d'Argent

The Prix d'architecture de l'Équerre d'argent (The Silver Prize) is a French architecture award. This prize was launched in 1960 by "Architecture Française" magazine and its director Michel Bourdeau.
It is given annually by Le Moniteur group for a French building, completed in the past year. The prize is divided equally between the architect and the building owner.
Award winners.
The award winners were:

</doc>
<doc id="7039813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039813" title="Instant Justice">
Instant Justice

Instant Justice, a.k.a. Marine Issue is a 1987 action-drama film starring Michael Paré, Charles Napier, Eddie Avoth and Tawny Kitaen. Pare plays the role of Scott Youngblood, a marine in Spain who seeks revenge for his sister's murder. The movie was written by Craig T. Rumar. The film was directed by Denis Amar.
Plot.
Scott is a US Marine who serves in the US embassy in Paris. One day he gets a message that his long unseen sister Kim, who works as a model in Spain, is in serious trouble; he asks for a dismissal from his outpost and travels to Spain to help her. 
Unfortunately she's murdered before Scott's arrival. Local police are somewhat reluctant to take any action, so Scott starts investigation on his own.
After a couple of days of sniffing around, he meets with Kim's girlfriend, Virginia, who's pointing him towards drug business-related people who might be responsible for the crime. Fellow Marine Major Davis (played by Charles Napier), who serves in the Spanish embassy, is of great assistance to Scott as well, as he risks his own neck and steals some weapons from the embassy for him. At the end Scott finds the people responsible for his sister's death and serves them instant justice.

</doc>
<doc id="7039818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039818" title="Pink Man">
Pink Man

Michael Maxfield (born 1961), also known as Pink Man, is a local celebrity from the San Francisco Bay Area. He can be seen riding his unicycle around the cities of Berkeley, Oakland and San Francisco. He gets his name from the shocking pink unitard and cape he wears while he performs impromptu unicycle tricks in public places—spinning, engaging in sudden stops, riding down the street at high speeds, and carrying people on his back.
Maxfield was born and grew up in Leominster, Massachusetts, where he discovered the unicycle at age 13. He moved to San Francisco at age 19, and then to Oregon. While in Oregon, he started performing on his unicycle under the name Jester Max. When he moved back to Leominster years later, he found himself spending hours dancing on his unicycle, and pedalling around town, garnering a front page story in the "Worcester Telegram". He moved back to Oregon, where he sought out a new unicycle persona; on a whim, he purchased a pink Lycra unitard costume from a dancewear catalog. The new outfit proved extremely popular, and an onlooker at the University of Oregon campus dubbed him "pink man".
Pink Man has performed in Oregon, Los Angeles, Houston, the San Francisco Bay Area, New Jersey, New York, the Pacific Northwest, Jacksonville, Vancouver, Paris, Tokyo, and Germany. His Tokyo and Paris trips were sponsored by computer-game designer Will Wright, who calls Pink Man "the only real superhero I know".
Media.
In 2002, Pink Man performed on his unicycle in a play titled "I Wheel, the Pink Man Show" which ran at the Live Oak Theater in Berkeley, California. In 2005, he appeared in the documentary film "Following Sean". In May 2009, he was seen on his unicycle amusing passers-by on the streets of central London.
In 2006, Pink Man was the subject of an article in local alt weekly "Folio Weekly" titled "Pinky and the Brain". In it, Maxfield discusses events that led him to lead a nomadic lifestyle, including accusations of molestation and the subsequent dissolution of his marriage.
, there is a documentary film about Pink Man in production.

</doc>
<doc id="7039819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039819" title="Hare's-foot Clover">
Hare's-foot Clover



</doc>
<doc id="7039827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039827" title="WMGM (FM)">
WMGM (FM)

WMGM (103.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Atlantic City, New Jersey, playing active rock. WMGM serves most of southern New Jersey from Toms River to Cape May. Its studios are in Linwood, New Jersey, and its transmitter is in Pleasantville, New Jersey.
History.
103.7 first signed on with 2,800 watts on June 14, 1961, as WOSJ, later as WMGM. The 1960s were simulcasts of WOND, and good music, then home-made Top 40 tapes. Power was increased to 20,000 watts in stereo in 1972, live daytime and recorded overnights DJs Jim Earle (also program director) Steve Bryant (later of QVC and Ron Popeil TV pitches), Terry Price, Elliot Nachbar, Tom McNally did mornings and others. In 1973, the station moved its offices and studios (along with its AM sister-station, WOND) from Pleasantville to Linwood, NJ, and changed format to TM's automated "beautiful music" called "Your Beautiful Island" with a new SMC Automation System and then switched to TM's "Stereo Rock" and the name "Rock 104" on August 31, 1976. Current songs were back announced by John Borders "and before that ...".
From 1980 to 1982, Rock 104 went live with "McNally in the Morning" with Program Director/Chief Engineer Tommy "Tom" McNally, and then all of a sudden WMGM FM went 100% live in November 1982 with Mike Boyle, music director Mark DiDia, Russell "Russ" Egan, Karen "K.C." Chamberlain, Eric Johnson, Jim Spector, Rona Richman, Johnny Russell, Al Horner, Tom Sappie, Patrick DeMarco, Kathy Knoll, Al Branca, with Marlon Barrow, and Donna Richards. WMGM FM's power was officially increased to 50,000 watts in 1985 with a higher tower, but management declares that "Rock 104 WMGM" was a thing of the past and it was time to evolve, so the station was renamed "104/MGM" in 1986.
On October 5, 1987, WMGM-FM was switched into a CHR/CR hybrid format, with Little Lies by Fleetwood Mac as their first song after the switch. As their new switch takes place, new jocks joined WMGM including Ellis B. "Bruce The Bear" Feaster, John and Ken, and "The Mudman", the station went fully fledged CHR as "104/MGM, The Hottest Hits" A short time later, in August 1991, WMGM became "Sunny 104," with an adult contemporary format, which evolved into a 1970s format by 1995, with "Classic Hits 103.7" being used by February 1997.
In February 2000, WMGM became "103.7 The Shark" with a classic rock format.
On August 17, 2011, The Shark became "103.7 WMGM Rocks" with a mainstream rock format programmed by market vet Paul Kelly. This remains the station's current format. The station's on-air staff includes Matt Murray, Sean Patrick, Moon, Lauren, Rich Russo and Tommy T-Bone. WMGM is also the South Jersey home to the Dave &amp; Mahoney Show, Skratch N Sniff and Full Metal Jackie.
In March 2024 WMGM underwent several signal improvements however the station's signal remains directional to protect WNNJ.

</doc>
<doc id="7039832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039832" title="Spreading Oleaster">
Spreading Oleaster



</doc>
<doc id="7039839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039839" title="Erhard Krack">
Erhard Krack

Erhard Krack (9 January 1931 – 13 December 2000) was a German politician and mayor of East Berlin from 1974 to 1990.
Life.
Krack was born in Danzig on January 9, 1931. In 1951, he joined the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED). Between 1952 and 1956 Krack studied economics at the University of Rostock.
In 1965, Krack became the Minister of Regional Industry and the Food Industry. 
In 1974, Krack became mayor of East Berlin, a post he would hold until 1990. 
He was also a deputy in the Volkskammer and a member of the Central Committee of the SED.

</doc>
<doc id="7039847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039847" title="Mangrove cuckoo">
Mangrove cuckoo

The mangrove cuckoo (Coccyzus minor) is a species of cuckoo that is native to the Neotropics.
Taxonomy.
The mangrove cuckoo was formally described in 1788 by the German naturalist Johann Friedrich Gmelin in his revised and expanded edition of Carl Linnaeus's "Systema Naturae". He placed it with all the other cuckoos in the genus "Cuculus" and coined the binomial name "Cuculus minor". Gmelin based his description on "Le petit vieillard" or "Coucou des palétuviers" from Cayenne that had been described and illustrated in 1779 by the French polymath Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon. The mangrove cuckoo is now placed with 12 other species in the genus "Coccyzus" that was introduced in 1816 by the French ornithologist Louis Pierre Vieillot. The genus name is from the Ancient Greek "kokkuzō" meaning "to cry cuckoo". The species is monotypic: no subspecies are recognised.
Description.
Adults have a long tail, brown above and black-and-white below, and a black curved bill with yellow on the lower mandible. The head and upper parts are brown. There is a yellow ring around the eye. This bird is best distinguished by its black facial mask and buffy underparts. Although the scientific name is "minor" (meaning "small"), this species is on average the largest of North America's three "Coccyzus" cuckoos. Adults measure in length, weigh and span across the wings. The most common call is a guttural "gawk gawk gawk gawk gauk gauk". It will also call a single "whit".
Distribution and habitat.
The mangrove cuckoo is a resident of southern Florida in the United States, the Caribbean, both coasts of Mexico and Central America, and the Atlantic coast of South America as far south as the mouth of the Amazon River. It is found primarily in mangrove swamps and hammocks. The mangrove cuckoo is generally fairly common in its specialized range. This bird could be threatened by human development of mangrove habitat.
Behaviour and ecology.
Breeding.
It nests above water in a mangrove tree or above ground in a fork of a tree. The clutch is usually two eggs. These are white and measure . Both parents bring food to the chicks.
Food and feeding.
It prefers caterpillars and grasshoppers, but will also take other insects, insect larvae, spiders, snails, small lizards, bird eggs, nestlings of small birds, and fruit.

</doc>
<doc id="7039855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039855" title="Vertebral notches">
Vertebral notches



</doc>
<doc id="7039859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039859" title="Durham Public Schools">
Durham Public Schools

The Durham Public Schools district is a public school district in Durham, North Carolina. Formed in 1992 with the merger of Durham's previous two school districts, it is 8th largest school system in North Carolina as of November 2020. There are 57 public schools in the system, consisting of 32 elementary (K-5), 9 middle (6–8), 2 secondary (6–12), 11 high (9–12), 1 alternative, 1 hospital school, and 1 virtual academy (K-12). Durham's schools are traditionally named after notable members of the local community.
Formation.
In 1927, Hope Valley School was built for grades 1 through 11. It was the first public school in Southwestern Durham. Changes to the Hope Valley School facility were made in 1941 and 1952. the school was subsequently downgraded to an elementary school with the opening of Southern High School in the fall of 1956. In 1964, Jordan High School on Garrett Road was constructed.
Integration history.
Prior to integration, white students attended Durham High School and black students attended Hillside High School.
In 1956, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. spoke at Hillside High School, which was one of the Southeast's highest-ranked black high schools.
In 1957, the parents of Joycelyn McKissick and Elaine Richardson sued for their daughters to be reassigned to Durham High School of the Durham City School System.
In 1958, Rencher N. Harris became the first black member of Durham City Board of Education.
In 1959, the Durham City School Board allowed reassignment of eight black pupils to previously all-white schools. The first black students to integrate were Anita Brame and Lucy Jones at Brogden Junior High (now Brogden Middle School). In 1959, Joycelyn McKissick became the first African American student at Durham High School (now Durham School of the Arts).
In September 1963, Charmaine McKissick among eight other minority youths were the first to desegregate into the Durham Public School system at the Elementary level. Along with her Floyd McKissick Jr, they entered into the North Durham Elementary School. Charmaine McKissick was the youngest to participate in the desegregation. She recalls, "My family prepared us all, every day, with the armor to return the next. " Not many students are willing to talk about their experiences. McKissick-Melton also states, "It is too painful." She goes onto write, "There are a few exceptions such as my good friend Janice Guess, whom I encouraged to write her story, and she did in, 'Little Black Girls Want Pearls Too.'" The integration was a harsh burden for a lot of those children and families involved. McKissick also writes, "The hurt is so deep from the wounds of more than fifty years ago that they still feel the pain."
McKissick-Melton also write, "We had some difficult times but nothing compared to the older students, including my sisters before me. I had it easier because the kids had not had enough time to learn and display their hatred, racist and their bigoted behavior." Charmaine McKissick-Melton, Ph.D., has since then decided to give back to the Durham Community as an associate professor in the Department of Mass Communication at North Carolina Central University. She is also the daughter of the late Evelyn and Floyd McKissick, Jude Floyd B. McKissick Sr.
In 1968, The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) sued the Durham County School System in order to integrate its schools. The Durham County School Board's integration plan was accepted by the Federal District Court in Greensboro. The plan stated that all high schools and junior high schools would be integrated in the fall of 1969. The Federal District Judge gave an extra year for elementary schools due to space limitations and the need to purchase mobile units.
Durham County School System's principals had all been hired during legal segregation, so there was much discussion in the community about how successful integration would be in Durham County. One problem that existed was at Southern High School whose principal was Sidney Ray. Southern High School's mascot was the Rebel, and the high school used the confederate flag, and that the community thought that part of town was the redneck part of town. The mascot was later changed to the Spartan. There was less concern about Jordan High School because it had been attended by more affluent families of all colors. At Northern High School, there was a mix. The school had one of the toughest principals in the district.
In 1969, the U.S. Supreme Court in "Alexander vs. Holmes County Board of Education" reversed the decision of the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, ruling that continued operation of segregated schools in Mississippi was no longer permissible. The NAACP filed suit in the Court of Appeals in Richmond saying, based on Alexander-Holmes Decision, they wanted all of Durham's elementary schools integrated. The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals agreed to hear the case in December. The judge stated that Durham County and City Schools had been given 15 years to accomplish integration and had failed. The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled integration would happen immediately.
In the fall of 1969, all three high schools (Southern, C.E. Jordan, and Northern) and junior high schools were integrated as ordered. Durham City Schools' high schools were Durham High School and Hillside High School, which were at this time were still the largest public schools in both the city and county of Durham.
In 1970, Durham County elementary schools were fully integrated. Durham City schools began to decline after integration. Middle- and upper-class began emigrating out of the Durham City School System to the Durham County School System. The Durham City School System became populated with poorer people. Hillside High School, almost entirely black, maintained a good number of middle-class blacks. Due to immense migration, blacks began to control the Durham City School System and elected a majority black school board and a black superintendent.
A merger attempt of the Durham City School System and the Durham County School System was made in 1972. There were several more attempt that failed to gain support. Finally, in 1992 an agreement was reached. During the merger, the Durham County School System's junior high (grades 7, 8 &amp; 9) and senior high (10, 11, &amp; 12) format was abolished and the Durham City School System's format of middle schools (grades 6, 7 and 8) and high schools (grades 9, 10, 11 and 12) was implemented.
In 1992, the Durham County School System and the Durham City School System merged to form Durham Public Schools.
2024-2025 Board of Education.
Board members are:
2023-2024 Board of Education.
Board members are:
2023-2024 Board of Education.
Board members are: 
2022-2023 Board of Education.
Board members are: 
2021-2022 Board of Education.
Board members are: 
2020-2021 Board of Education.
Board members are: 
2019-2020 Board of Education.
Board members are:
2018-2019 Board of Education.
Board members are: 
(The swearing-in ceremony took place on July 10, 2018) 
2017-2018 Board of Education.
Board members are:
2016-2017 Board of Education.
Board members are:
2014-2015 Board of Education.
Board members are:
2013-2014 Board of Education.
Board members are:
2010-2012 Board of Education.
The chairman is Minnie Forte-Brown (District A). The vice chairman is Heidi Carter (District B). Board members are:
Statistics.
Durham Public Schools employs 4,697 people (2,243 teachers) and had 33,035 students in the 2016–2017 school year. Durham Public Schools is the third largest employer in Durham, NC
Teacher salaries range from $39,375-$99,359 (includes local supplement and differential).
The school system utilizes more than 300 school buses to transport over 16,000 students throughout Durham every day. Yet, they still manage to get kids to school 30m to 1 hour late because of the mismanagement.
Demographics.
As of the 2017–2018 school year there were 33,072 students enrolled in Durham Public Schools.
Schools.
High Schools (9-12).
Hillside.
Hillside High School is a four-year public high school. Of more than 300 historically black high schools that once operated in the state before desegregation, only five remain today, with Hillside being the oldest. The school features the International Baccalaureate Program and the Business and Finance Academy. "Students may study electronics, engineering, and child care through the Workforce Development courses, as well as traditional business classes". The school mascot is the hornet. Hillside is known for performing arts such as their award-winning Marching Band and Drama Department. Hillside students come from many middle school areas such as Rogers-Herr, Githens, Lowes Grove, Shepard, Brogden, and Lakewood. Hillside enrolled 1370 students in the 2017–2018 school year. The schools current principal is Dr. William Logan.
Jordan.
Charles E. Jordan High School is located on Garrett Road near Hope Valley Road in southwest Durham. The school mascot is the falcon. Jordan students come from many area middle schools such as Shepard, Githens, Lowe's Grove, and Rogers-Herr. The school features career pathways in Agriscience/Biotechnology and Commercial and Artistic Production. Other components of the Jordan community that have won national and state awards include the marching band, show choir, DECA (marketing and business), Future Farmers of America, Future Business Leaders of America, the foreign language program, and the school newspaper. Jordan enrolled 1,979 students in the 2017–2018 school year. The schools current principal is Susan Taylor.
Northern.
Northern High School is a four-year public high school located in the northern part of Durham. Northern is one of Durham's seven public high schools. Students take 4 classes each day. Northern's mascot is a knight. Northern students come from some middle school such as Lucas, Brogden, and Carrington. Northern also offers specialty course programs like Culinary Arts, Astronomy, Sports Medicine, Mythology, and many more. Northern enrolled 1,536 students in the 2017–2018 school year. The schools current principal is Emmet Alexander. It is in the process of being rebuilt on a new site approximately two miles away.
Riverside.
Riverside High School is a four-year public high school located in Northern Durham. Opened in 1991, this school is one of seven public high schools in the Durham Public School System. Riverside students come from some middle school areas such as Carrington, Brogden, and Lucas. Riverside is SACS &amp; NCDPI accredited, has the Project Lead the Way (PLTW) Engineering Magnet, and the Air Force JROTC Magnet. Riverside enrolled 1,826 students in the 2017–2018 school year. The schools current principal is Gloria Woods-Weeks.
Southern.
Southern High School is a four-year public high school located in southern Durham. Southern is a 4A school, and has football, baseball, and basketball programs as well as the Symphonic Soul of the South Marching Band. Southern students mostly come from Neal and Brogden. Durham Public Schools, with the support of the New Schools Project of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, has reinvented the high school experience at Southern School of Energy &amp; Sustainability. Southern enrolled 1,429 students in the 2017–2018 school year. The schools current principal is Jerome Leathers.
Middle College.
Middle College High School is located on the campus of Durham Tech. This high school is only for juniors and seniors. There were 197 students during the 2017–2018 school year. The current principal is Crystal Taylor-Simon
Middle Schools (6-8).
Brogden.
Brogden Middle School is a public middle school in Durham, North Carolina. As of the 20232024 school year, Brogden serves 707 students from grades 6-8 in the Durham Public Schools district. The school is currently ran under the administration of principal Anthony White.
Brogden was built in 1959 on a parcel of land containing an abandoned farmhouse, which was razed to facilitate the construction of a school. The site was owned by the Northgate Shopping Center a mall which operates near Broad Street as of 2024. The school was opened to grades 7-9 as a Junior High School in 1959 under the name Brogden Junior High. The newly constructed Brogden school was set to replace the E.K. Powe Junior High, which would later become the E.K. Powe Elementary school.
As of 2024, Brogden functions as a middle school. It holds many sports teams including boys and girls soccer, basketball, track &amp; field, cross country as well as a football, volleyball, wrestling, baseball and softball team. In 2024, the Brogden Boys Soccer Teams won the Durham Athletics Conference championships for the first time in over 10 years. Brogden sponsors 3 performing arts classes, namely band, orchestra and chorus. The school's band has competed with the North Carolina Bandmaster's Association, and students have represented the school in the North Carolina All-State band. Choral students from Brogden have participated in the North Carolina All-State chorus. Brogden hosts various recitals through the year to allow band, orchestra and chorus students to perform.
Carrington.
The Carrington Middle School is administrated by Debra Cheek. In the 20242025 school year, it had an enrollment of 776 students.
Githens.
The Githens Middle School is administrated by principal Sheldon Lanier. In the 20212022 school year, it had an enrollment of 923 students.
Lowe's Grove.
The Lowe's Grove Middle School is administrated by principal Jessica Austin. In the 20212022 school year, it had an enrollment of 601 students.
Lucas.
The Lucas Middle School is administrated by principal Sarah Sanchez. In the 20212022 school year, it had an enrollment of 531 students.
Neal.
The Neal Middle School is administrated by principal Terrence Covington. In the 20212022 school year, it had an enrollment of 759 students.
Rogers-Herr.
The Rogers-Herr Middle School is administrated by principal Tawauna Stewart. In the 20212022 school year, it had an enrollment of 633 students.
James E Shepard IB Middle.
The James E Shepard IB Middle School is administrated by principal Claude Archer. In the 20212022 school year, it had an enrollment of 452 students.
Lakewood Montessori Middle.
The Lakewood Montessori Middle School is administrated by principal Donald Jones. In the 20212022 school year, it had an enrollment of 295 students.
Secondary schools.
Durham School of the Arts.
Durham School of the Arts (DSA) is a secondary (grades 6–12) magnet school located in downtown Durham, housing 1711 students. Its focus is on visual and performing arts. Offerings include extensive 3D and 2D art, dance, guitar, strings, band, photography, piano, acting, technical theater, and computer classes. Students are enrolled by a lottery system and can enroll as early as the sixth grade. It is led by principal L. Jackie Tobias.
Lakeview School.
Lakeview School is an alternative school for grades 6–12 to teach those who have a history of misbehavior.. It is led by principal Theresa McGowan. Lakeview was an African American school prior to integration, then proceed to be an all kindergarten center which later changed to PIPE daycare for employees children and others.
School for Creative Studies.
The School for Creative Studies is a year-round secondary magnet school (grades 6–12) located at 5001 Red Mill Road, Durham, 27704. This school opened with 300 students (Grades 6, 7, 9) on July 1, 2013, in the same building that used to house Chewning Middle School. The principal is Chaundra Clay.
Former schools.
Was turned into a 6th grade center after integration. The last year it served as a school was 1990-1991 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="7039862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039862" title="The Great Compromiser">
The Great Compromiser



</doc>
<doc id="7039873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039873" title="Cosimo il Vecchio">
Cosimo il Vecchio



</doc>
<doc id="7039876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039876" title="FF VII">
FF VII



</doc>
<doc id="7039879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039879" title="Øystein Aarseth">
Øystein Aarseth



</doc>
<doc id="7039884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039884" title="WSJO">
WSJO

WSJO (104.9 FM, "SoJO 104.9") is a commercial radio station licensed to serve Egg Harbor City, New Jersey. The station is owned by Townsquare Media, through licensee Townsquare License, LLC, and broadcasts a hot adult contemporary format.
WSJO broadcasts to the Atlantic City and Vineland areas, with fringe coverage across the rest of
South Jersey, including many Philadelphia suburbs. When the station first hit the air in 2004, its programming originated from studios shared with New Jersey 101.5 in Ewing Township, New Jersey, outside its primary coverage area. Today, the station is programmed from Townsquare's Atlantic City/Vineland area cluster in Northfield, NJ. That cluster includes WFPG, Atlantic City (Lite Rock 96.9), WENJ, Millvile (97.3 ESPN), WPUR, Atlantic City (Cat Country 107.3) and WPGG, Atlantic City (WPG Talk Radio 95.5).
History.
The FM station began operations in 1971 as WRDR on 104.9 FM. The city-of-license was, and still is Egg Harbor City. It, along with its AM simulcast counterpart, WRDI, was known as "WRD Radio", with studios on the White Horse Pike in Hammonton, NJ, the city-of-license for WRDI. Broadcasts consisted of an MOR music format, along with high school sports and live area events, like remotes from Hammonton's annual Our Lady of Mount Carmel Festival and the Red, White and Blueberry Festival. The stations were owned by Delaware Valley radio veteran Jim Rodio (d/b/a Rodio Radio). In 1980, Rodio sold the AM station and WRDR went it alone from new studios on Philadelphia Avenue in Egg Harbor City, using a syndicated "live assist" standards/MOR format called "Unforgettable" from Toby Arnold and Associates. Now known as "Unforgettable FM 105 WRDR," the format was augmented by music from a record library. One of the stations biggest features was Rodio's Saturday evening "Bandstand" program highlighting the Big Band years. The station had also aired Philadelphia Phillies baseball and Philadelphia Flyers hockey.
In 1997, Rodio sold WRDR to New Jersey Broadcasting, who "updated" the format by hiring former WIP, Philadelphia music director Bob Russo as program director. Russo was instrumental in starting WIP on the road to Adult Contemporary from MOR in the 1970s, and WRDR adopted his early-1970s music mix that straddled the two formats, augmented by some later compatible music. The station sounded very much like WIP had in the 1970s.
On June 14, 1999, the station was sold again and became WEMG-FM with a Spanish-language CHR format from Mega Broadcasting. The station was simulcast with Mega's "Mega 1310 AM" in Camden, and both stations adopted the "Mega 104.9" moniker.
After another sale in 2003, this time to Nassau Broadcasting, the station began simulcasting the company's "97.5 PST" (CHR WPST Trenton), before airing country music for much of the summer. It's been rumored, but never confirmed, that a prior agreement between Millennium Radio, owners of "Cat Country 107.3" WPUR in Atlantic City, and Nassau precluded either company airing a competitive format in markets where they both owned stations. Nassau then switched 104.9 FM to smooth jazz as WOJZ in late August.
After yet another sale, to competitor Millennium in 2004, the current call sign and format were instituted.
In 2011, WSJO, along with the rest of the Millennium-Atlantic City cluster, was sold to Townsquare Media, the current owner.
In November 2015, WSJO added the programming of WPGG 1450 Atlantic City on HD2, and Beach Radio which is used on former WOBM on HD3. In May 2016, Hope Christian Church of Marlton's Hope FM went on HD4.
Sometime in early 2023, WSJO's HD2 subchannel became unavailable to tune to out of the four subchannels. This leaves their HD Radio presence with HD1, HD3, and HD4 (3 HD Radio Channels). In 2023, WSJO shifted to Mainstream CHR.
Translators.
The following translator simulcasts the programming of WSJO-HD3:

</doc>
<doc id="7039887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039887" title="Inferior vertebral notches">
Inferior vertebral notches



</doc>
<doc id="7039888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039888" title="Prahran Town Hall">
Prahran Town Hall

Prahran Town Hall is a civic building located on the corner of Chapel Street and Greville Street in Prahran, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia.
After the amalgamation of the City of Prahran with the City of Malvern in 1994 to form the City of Stonnington, the Town Hall is now vacant.
The original Town Hall was built in 1861 to the design of local architects Crouch and Wilson in the Italianate style of Victorian architecture popular in Melbourne at the time, including Italian Renaissance inspired interior spaces. The building was extended in 1888 to include a City Hall in a similar style.
The clock tower was designed by Charles D'Ebro and built in 1890 above the municipal offices and council chambers for the former City of Prahran. In the 1960s, the decorative tower was truncated.

</doc>
<doc id="7039892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039892" title="Superior vertebral notches">
Superior vertebral notches



</doc>
<doc id="7039896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039896" title="The Dragon Academy">
The Dragon Academy

The Dragon Academy was a former progressive private middle and high school located in Toronto, Ontario. It was founded by Dr. Meg Fox in the year 2000 and closed after the 2019-2020 school year, presumably due to pressures from the COVID-19 pandemic.

</doc>
<doc id="7039898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039898" title="Poquoson High School">
Poquoson High School

Poquoson High School is a public secondary school, located in Poquoson, Virginia and serves as the sole public secondary school for students in the City. The school was opened in 1910 and currently has approximately 700 students. The school competes in athletics and activities in the Virginia High School League's AA Bay Rivers District. Poquoson High has historically been known for its wrestling program, which has won numerous state championships and has occasionally been ranked nationally.
History.
Poquoson High School was established in 1910 to serve the educational needs of the Poquoson District in York County, Virginia. The original building was a two-story wooden structure featuring a cupola, constructed at a cost of $6,000. It was located on the site where the current Poquoson Middle School stands today.
In 1932, the high school moved to a new brick building at 965 Poquoson Avenue, adjacent to the original site. This facility served as the high school until 1976 and now houses Poquoson Middle School.
The growth of nearby Langley Air Force Base and NASA Langley Research Center contributed to an increase in the local population and, consequently, the school's enrollment. In response to the community's desire for greater control over local education, the area was incorporated as the Town of Poquoson in 1952. This move allowed for the establishment of an independent school system.
In 1975, Poquoson transitioned from town to independent city status, further solidifying its autonomy over educational affairs. The following year, in 1977, Poquoson High School moved into its current facility, which has since undergone renovations and expansions to accommodate the growing student body.
Feeder patterns.
The following elementary schools feed into PHS:
All residents are zoned to these schools as there are no other public schools in the City.
Accreditation and rankings.
According to Niche's 2025 rankings, Poquoson High School was ranked:
Athletics and interscholastic competition.
Poquoson High School competes in the Virginia High School's Class II, Region A, and Bay Rivers District. The school competes in the following sports:
Baseball.
Poquoson High School's baseball program has a storied history within the Virginia High School League (VHSL), particularly in Class 2 competition. The Islanders have secured multiple state championships, including titles in 2001, 2009, 2010, and most recently in 2024. The 2024 championship was notably clinched in a dramatic walk-off fashion during the 10th inning against Lebanon High School at Kiwanis Park in Salem, Virginia.
The program has been instrumental in developing talent that progresses to higher levels of baseball. Notably, alumni Kyle Crockett and Chad Pinder advanced to Major League Baseball (MLB), playing for the Cleveland Indians and Oakland Athletics, respectively.
In recognition of the challenges faced during the COVID-19 pandemic, Poquoson High School honored its 2020 senior baseball players with a Hall of Fame-style plaque installed in the home team dugout, acknowledging their contributions despite the season's cancellation.
The Islanders continue to be a competitive force in the Bay Rivers District, consistently participating in regional and state tournaments. Their sustained success underscores the program's commitment to excellence and development of student-athletes.
Achievements.
Poquoson baseball has seen over 50 student-athletes play baseball at the collegiate level (DI, DII, DIII, NAIA, NJCAA, and USCAA), with five of those advancing to professional baseball, including Kyle Crockett and Chad Pinder, who both played in Major League Baseball (MLB).
Football.
In 2010, Poquoson High School's football team captured the Virginia High School League (VHSL) Group AA Division 3 state championship. The Islanders defeated Richlands High School by a score of 23–17 in the title game held on December 11, 2010, at Liberty University's Williams Stadium in Lynchburg, Virginia.
Marching band.
Poquoson High School's marching band program is a 10-time honor band, as accredited by the Virginia Band and Orchestra Directors Association.
Odyssey of the Mind.
Poquoson High, like its feeder schools, has had a positive history with its Odyssey of the Mind. Teams from the school have won numerous district and state titles. This decade, Poquoson teams have also won in the World Tournament (2000 and 2001) and placed in 2002 (3rd place - It's a Snap Division III), 2004 (13th place - Balancing Act Division III), 2005 (6th place - Problem 4 Crazy Columns Division III), and placed in 2023 (3rd place - Where the Structure Division III).
Sailing.
Poquoson High School fields a varsity sailing team that competes in the Virginia Interscholastic Sailing Association (VISA), which is part of the Mid-Atlantic Scholastic Sailing Association (MASSA) under the national Interscholastic Sailing Association (ISSA). The team trains at Messick Point Marina in Poquoson and sails Flying Junior (FJ) class boats.
Poquoson is one of only three public schools in the Hampton Roads area to sponsor a varsity sailing program and one of just 54 schools in the Mid-Atlantic states involved in high school sailing.
The team is supported locally by the Poquoson Sailing Foundation, a nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting youth sailing through fundraising, coaching, and community engagement.
Wrestling.
Poquoson High School boasts one of Virginia's most storied high school wrestling programs. The Islanders have secured 13 Virginia High School League (VHSL) state championships across multiple decades: 1973, 1975, 1977–1981, 1985, 1999, 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021.
A highlight in the program's history came in 1999 when Poquoson ended Grundy High School's 12-year state championship streak, clinching the VHSL Group AA title in a closely contested meet against Christiansburg High School.
Facilities.
Poquoson High School now occupies its third building in its history. Poquoson High's second building, which housed the school from the 1930s to 1976, now houses Poquoson Middle School. The school moved into its current facility in 1977, and the building has undergone two additions and renovations, one in 1977 and one in 1998. The football stadium, where football and soccer games are played, is located off campus at Poquoson Middle School. Facilities for the wrestling team are located adjacent to the football stadium.
Partner schools.
Poquoson has two current partner schools.

</doc>
<doc id="7039914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039914" title="Saginaw River Rear Range Light">
Saginaw River Rear Range Light

The first Saginaw River lighthouse was constructed from 1839 to 1841, in a period when large quantities of lumber were being harvested and shipped from the heart of Michigan via river and the Great Lakes to the East Coast of the United States via the Erie Canal and Hudson River. This connection to major eastern markets was critical to the development of central Michigan.
In 1867 the United States Corps of Engineers dredged the Saginaw River to enable passage by larger ships upriver. This change required replacing the first light, and in 1876 a pair of lighthouses were constructed in range light configuration to provide improved navigation. The front one was located on the west bank of the river and the rear range lighthouse was located south of the river mouth. It contained living quarters. In 1915, the two lighthouses were converted to electricity.
Closed since the 1970s, the rear range lighthouse was listed in 1984 on the National Register of Historic Places. Dow Chemical Company, which owned the surrounding property, purchased the lighthouse and site in 1986 and boarded it up. Since the turn of the 21st century, the lighthouse and site are being renovated by the Saginaw River Marine Historical Society for heritage tourism.
History.
European-American settlement along the Saginaw River began in the 1830s, which was critical to development in the region, as it was navigable inland. Construction of the Saginaw Bay Lighthouse, to mark the entrance to the river, was begun in July 1839 by Captain Stephen Wolverton. The project was completed under the direction of Levi Johnson of Cleveland, Ohio in the fall of 1841. In September 1841, the operations of the light were demonstrated. By this time, the lumber industry was growing rapidly, and much timber was shipped downriver and through the Great Lakes and New York state's Erie Canal to eastern markets.
In 1867, the United States Army Corps of Engineers dredged the Saginaw River channel so that larger vessels could navigate the river. When they were finished, the light was no longer well-positioned to allow boats navigation of the entrance. Funding requests, negotiations for land, and contractual issues delayed work to replace the light until 1876. That year a pair of lighthouses were erected in a range light configuration.
The "front" range light was constructed on a square timber crib beside the western river bank, and took the form of a tall painted-white pyramid framework of timber similar in design to that being used for pierhead beacons throughout the district at the time. With its upper half sheathed, a small enclosed room was created beneath the gallery for the storage of oil and supplies, and in which the keeper could seek shelter while tending the light during inclement weather conditions. The gallery was surrounded with an iron safety railing and capped with a prefabricated octagonal cast iron lantern. Seated atop a cast iron pedestal within the lantern, the light's sparkling new, fixed white sixth-order Fresnel lens sat at a focal plane of , sending its light out into the bay.
The "rear" range light was constructed south of the mouth of the river. Eleventh district engineer Major Godfrey Weitzel's design for the combined rear range tower and dwelling was unique. A large elevated concrete base was to support a combined brick dwelling and tower. Because of swampy ground, timber piles had to be driven deep into the ground to provide a solid foundation on which timber forms for the concrete base could be erected and filled. Atop this concrete foundation, a square two-story Cream City brick Lighthouse keeper's dwelling in plan was constructed. Integrated into the northwest corner of the dwelling, a tapered -tall square tower with double walls housed a set of prefabricated cast iron spiral stairs. Winding from the cellar to the lantern, these stairs also serve as the only means of access to the first and second floors by way of landings on each floor. Each was outfitted with tightly fitting arch-topped iron doors designed to stem the spread of fire between floors. A timber deck supported by timber columns encircled the dwelling at the first floor level, providing easy and dry access to all sides of the structure. The living quarters consisted of a kitchen, parlor and oil storage room on the first floor, and three bedrooms above. The tower was capped with a square iron gallery, supported by five cast iron corbels on each of its four sides. An octagonal cast iron lantern was installed at its center, with a fixed white fourth-order Fresnel lens placed at a focal plane of 61 feet.
The range lights were converted to electricity in 1915.
The rear range light stayed active, and was used as the residence for men assigned to the associated US Coast Guard facility until the 1970s. At that time, the Coast Guard Station was moved across the river in order to have more space. The lighthouse remained empty until 1986. Dow Chemical Company, which owned the surrounding land, purchased the facility and boarded it up.
In 1999, the Saginaw River Marine Historical Society (SRMHS) approached Dow to collaborate to restore the lighthouse and open it to tourists. Renovation is being done by the SRMHS, with Lighthouse Friends helping raise funding. In 2002, the Saginaw River Marine Historical Society "acquired a historic locomotive-style range lens of the type used in the lighthouse between 1930 and 1960."
It is generally believed (but not well documented) that the Saginaw River lighthouse was the first place where range lights were installed. More details are available in the Wikipedia article on Lighthouses. According to Saginaw Future, the river still carries nearly 5 million tons of commerce in the 21st century. This lighthouse was listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
According to US Government publication, "The American Practical Navigator", Chapter 5:
"Range lights are light pairs that indicate a specific line of position when they are in line. The higher rear light is placed behind the front light. When the mariner sees the lights vertically in line, he is on the range line. If the front light appears left of the rear light, the observer is to the right of the range line; if the front appears to the right of the rear, the observer is left of the range line."

</doc>
<doc id="7039916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039916" title="Aga Khan Prize">
Aga Khan Prize

Aga Khan Prize may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7039934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039934" title="Colonel Michael Ryan">
Colonel Michael Ryan



</doc>
<doc id="7039936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039936" title="The Nutcracker Suite (Tim Sparks album)">
The Nutcracker Suite (Tim Sparks album)

The Nutcracker Suite is a recording by American guitarist Tim Sparks, released in 1993. It consists of both an adaptation for acoustic guitar of Tchaikovsky's suite from his 1892 ballet "The Nutcracker" and the Balkan Dreams Suite, a suite of songs based on melodies and ideas of Béla Bartók. Sparks won the 1993 National Fingerstyle Guitar Championship playing his solo guitar arrangement of Tchaikovsky's "Nutcracker Suite".
Reception.
A review of the album in "Classical Guitar Magazine" stated: "After listening to the CD, I must admit that Sparks catches the essence of the music in a wonderful way. For the advanced player, this is an excellent edition to reap the rewards of the Nutcracker Suite."
"Guitar Player" called it "An exhilarating, odd-meter minefield inspired by Near Eastern music. An important recording from a gifted composer, arranger and performer."
Track listing.
Balkan Dreams Suite (trad. arr. Tim Sparks)

</doc>
<doc id="7039948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039948" title="Williams International FJ44">
Williams International FJ44



</doc>
<doc id="7039952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039952" title="The dragon academy">
The dragon academy



</doc>
<doc id="7039955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039955" title="Steve O'Neal">
Steve O'Neal

Stephen James O'Neal (born February 4, 1946) is an American former professional football punter and a wide receiver. O'Neal is best known for kicking a 98-yard punt during the American Football League (AFL) game between the New York Jets and Denver Broncos on September 21, 1969. This punt set the record for the longest punt in AFL and NFL history. He finished his career with 337 punts for 13,725 yards and a 40.7 yards per punt average.
Professional career.
O'Neal was selected in the 13th round, pick 21 of the 1969 Common draft by the AFL's New York Jets. O'Neal was traded by the Jets to the New Orleans Saints before the 1973 season along with backup quarterback Bob Davis in exchange for wide receiver Margene Adkins and punter Julian Fagan. Jets' coach Weeb Ewbank said of the trade that "We've been disappointed with our punting game which is the reason for this trade," although Fagan only lasted one year with the Jets. He set a career-high with 81 punts in his final season for the New Orleans Saints in 1973. After struggling during the 1974 preseason, he was waived by the Saints before the 1974 regular season began and replaced by Donnie Gibbs, who himself was waived after the first regular season game and replaced by Tom Blanchard.

</doc>
<doc id="7039958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039958" title="Mies Van Der Rohe">
Mies Van Der Rohe



</doc>
<doc id="7039969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039969" title="Winston Llenas">
Winston Llenas

Winston Enriquillo Llenas Dávila (a.k.a. Chilote) (born September 23, 1943) is a Dominican former Major League Baseball infielder/outfielder who played for the California Angels from 1968 to 1969, and again from 1972 to 1975. He also played one season in Japan for the Taiheiyo Club Lions in 1976.
Early life and family.
Llenas was born to Rafael Antonio Llenas Díaz (the son of Enrique Llenas Domínguez and Mercedes Díaz Andreu) and Magda Aracelis Dávila; he had 4 brothers and 5 sisters. Winston’s paternal grandparents had Catalan roots.
Career.
Llenas signed with the Kansas City Athletics as an amateur free agent before the 1961 season, then was released by them on June 16, 1962. He had played in 153 games for the A's organization in the Sophomore League and the Florida State League, batting .232 and committing 60 errors. About months later, at age 19, he signed as a free agent with the Los Angeles Angels. (December 2, 1962)
As Llenas grew older, he became a solid minor league hitter. He made his major league debut on August 15, 1968 against the Washington Senators at Anaheim Stadium. He started at third base, batted sixth in the lineup, and went 1-for-3 with a double and a run scored in a 3–1 win over starting pitcher Frank Bertaina. Typically, he made a throwing error on the first ground ball hit to him.
His best season was 1973, when he led the American League in pinch-hits (16) and pinch-hit at-bats (56). He also had career highs in games played (78), batting average (.269), and runs batted in (25). He was used quite often as a pinch-hitter throughout his MLB career. The most games he started at any one position was at third base. His best position, however, was second base, where he handled 111 total chances without making a single error.
Career totals for 300 games include a .230 batting average (122-for-531), 3 HR, 61 RBI, and 50 runs scored.
In the Dominican Winter League he has been a champion in 19 of the 20 crowns of Aguilas Cibaeñas as a player, manager, general manager and president.
In 2008, Llenas gained induction into the Caribbean Baseball Hall of Fame as part of its 12th Class.

</doc>
<doc id="7039979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039979" title="Williams International FJ33">
Williams International FJ33



</doc>
<doc id="7039984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039984" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Meißen">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Meißen



</doc>
<doc id="7039988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039988" title="Major General Fred D. Robinson, Jr">
Major General Fred D. Robinson, Jr



</doc>
<doc id="7039989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7039989" title="Underground poker">
Underground poker

Underground poker is poker played in a venue not operating in accordance with local gaming laws.
In many jurisdictions, an unlicensed poker game may still be legal if the game is played in a residence, the host does not profit, and/or the buy-in fees do not exceed a certain threshold. Even if the game itself is illegal, in some jurisdictions it is not illegal to just play such a game. In such cases, only the organizers of such games are civilly and/or criminally responsible. The zeal from local law enforcement agencies also varies by location. Often, players and hosts of underground poker games worry more with being targeted for armed robbery than being targeted with legal action.
An underground poker room usually generates revenue by collecting rake or other house fees while not being a licensed gaming operator. Organized crime groups, such as the American Mafia, often host, provide protection for, or are otherwise involved in high-stakes underground poker games. Underground poker venues can also generate revenue by selling food and beverages or by offering side games such as blackjack or craps.
Canada.
Under the Criminal Code, any game of poker that is not specifically licensed by the relevant provincial or territorial gaming regulator is covered by either Section 201 or Section 204 of the Code. Section 201(1) makes it an indictable offence for to "(keep) a common gaming house or common betting house" with a maximum penalty of two years' imprisonment, while Section 201(2) makes it a summary offence to be "found, without lawful excuse, in a common gaming house or common betting house" with a maximum penalty of six months' imprisonment and/or a $5,000 fine. On the other hand, Section 204(1)(b) provides that "a private bet between individuals not engaged in any way in the business of betting" is exempt from the provisions of Section 201, and thus is not unlawful. This has been consistently interpreted to mean that a poker game taking place in a dwelling house is legal in Canada, so long as the host is not taking "rake" or otherwise directly profiting from hosting the game. Whether a poker game played on a similar "not for profit" basis somewhere other than a dwelling house (for example, in the warehouse of a small business) also enjoys the exemption of Section 204(1)(b) is disputed.
The laws governing gaming in Canada were written prior to the invention of internet gaming. Notably, Section 201(2) makes no distinction with regards to whether individuals present in an illegal poker room are actually playing poker, while on the other hand there has never been (as of 2013) a prosecution in Canada simply for participating in Internet gaming not licensed in Canada.
The actual penalties imposed for hosting or participating in illegal poker vary widely, and appear to depend greatly on the sensibilities of the presiding judge(s). For example, in 2011 a Winnipeg man (on appeal) won a conditional discharge despite having pleaded guilty to the more serious charge of keeping a common gaming house, meaning he did not get a criminal record. For the less serious charge of being in a common gaming house, discharges (including absolute discharges) are not uncommon, especially if the accused has no prior criminal record. But this is not always the case, for example in 2012 several Sudbury men were fined for the less serious charge of being in a common gaming house, meaning they did get criminal records. Among those fined in that case was at least one man whom the presiding judge acknowledged had not even been playing.
United Kingdom.
Under the Gambling Act 2005, commercial high-stakes poker is restricted to licensed casinos. However, the Act and associated Regulations do allow for private games in homes and similarly private venues, such as workplaces, without the need for special licences. Poker may also be played in pubs to a certain extent, although the regulations governing such games are complex.
Nevertheless, illegal games are believed to be widespread, especially in Greater London. In a number of cases, club premises certificates have been withdrawn following allegations of illegal poker.
United States.
In the United States, the legality of poker varies from state to state.
New York.
Under New York state law, it is unlawful to profit from promoting a poker game without the appropriate gaming licences. Simply playing in such a game is not unlawful.
Historical New York clubs.
Some of the longest operating underground clubs have been in New York City. Two of these, the Diamond Club and the Mayfair Club, were famous proving grounds for such now well-known poker players as Howard Lederer, Erik Seidel and Dan Harrington. The New York Police Department, however, closed these clubs in the summer of 2000 during the Rudolph Giuliani administration's law and order campaign.
Recent years.
Underground poker nevertheless flourished in New York City after the Giuliani busts. In Manhattan, circa 2004, the most well-known clubs included PlayStation near Union Square and New York Players’ Club (NYPC) (sometimes referred to as "72nd Street") on the Upper West Side.
On May 26, 2005, New York City police raided and shut down numerous rooms, including PlayStation and NYPC. Clubs that were not targeted then voluntarily closed their doors for some time in spring 2005, but were mostly reopened by that summer.
The reopened clubs began to draw some celebrity clientele, including Alex Rodriguez of the New York Yankees (who was officially reprimanded for playing in such clubs), and Robert Iler (who was actually present for the October 23, 2005 bust of the club "Ace Point" at 328 E. 61st Street). Raids continued regularly throughout 2005, closing clubs such as "Rounders" on West 25th Street in the Flatiron District of Manhattan, and, after a series of busts and re-opens, the Brooklyn Players' Club in Park Slope area of Brooklyn.
Clubs generally continued throughout New York City during 2006 and into
2007, but seemed to the clientele to keep their size smaller to avoid the
attention that the larger clubs such as NYPC and PlayStation brought.
However, robberies still remained common throughout 2007. This issue reached a crescendo when the City Limit, at 251 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan, was robbed on November 2, 2007. Frank DeSena of Wayne, NJ was killed in an accidental weapons fire during the armed robbery.

</doc>
<doc id="7040001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040001" title="Inferior articular process">
Inferior articular process



</doc>
<doc id="7040010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040010" title="Michael Maxfield">
Michael Maxfield



</doc>
<doc id="7040014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040014" title="Diocese of Havelberg">
Diocese of Havelberg



</doc>
<doc id="7040017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040017" title="The Bad News Bears (1976 film)">
The Bad News Bears (1976 film)



</doc>
<doc id="7040020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040020" title="Per Yngve Ohlin">
Per Yngve Ohlin



</doc>
<doc id="7040022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040022" title="Intant Justice">
Intant Justice



</doc>
<doc id="7040023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040023" title="Hippopotamus service">
Hippopotamus service

The Hippopotamus Service is a hand-painted 144 piece dinner service commissioned by the American porcelain collector Richard Baron Cohen from the Royal Copenhagen Porcelain Manufactory, and completed in 2006. The porcelain service features different views of hippopotamuses based on photographs of over 275 hippos taken in zoos all around the world. Cohen commissioned photographer Sarah Louise Galbraith to travel to 101 zoos in 33 countries and photograph the animals. The service was first exhibited at Sotheby's New York City galleries in September 2006. It has subsequently been exhibited at the Charlottenburg Palace in Berlin, and the Liechtenstein Museum in Vienna.
Other famous services themed and named after animals include the Meissen porcelain Swan Service, and the Wedgwood Frog Service commissioned by Empress Catherine the Great of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="7040037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040037" title="Jean de Macque">
Jean de Macque



</doc>
<doc id="7040044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040044" title="Von Freeman">
Von Freeman

Earle Lavon "Von" Freeman Sr. (October 3, 1923 – August 11, 2012) was an American hard bop jazz tenor saxophonist.
Biography.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Freeman was exposed as a young child to jazz. His father, George, a city policeman, was a close friend of Louis Armstrong, with Armstrong living at the Freeman house when he first arrived in Chicago. Freeman's father taught him to play piano and bought him his first saxophone when he was seven. His musical education continued at DuSable High School, where his band director was Walter Dyett. Freeman began his professional career at the age of 16 in Horace Henderson's Orchestra.
Freeman enlisted into the Navy during World War II and was trained at Camp Robert Smalls in Chicago. "All the great musicians ended up at Great Lakes", he recalled. "It was an incubator for the best and the brightest lights in the jazz world at that time, and the musical jam sessions were simply phenomenal." After training, he was sent to Hawaii as part of the Hellcats stationed at Barbers Point Naval Air Station in a band that starred Harry "Pee Wee" Jackson, the trumpeter from Cleveland whose nickname was Gabriel. The Hellcats were frequent winners of the islands' competitive Battle of the Bands competitions and included musicians who had formerly played in bands fronted by Duke Ellington, Fletcher Henderson, Ella Fitzgerald, Lucky Millinder, Les Hite, Count Basie, Fats Waller, and Tiny Bradshaw. After his return to Chicago, where he remained for the duration of his career, Freeman played with his brothers George on guitar and Eldridge "Bruz" Freeman on drums at the Pershing Hotel Ballroom. Various leading jazzmen such as Charlie Parker, Roy Eldridge and Dizzy Gillespie played there with the Freemans as the backing band. In the early 1950s, Von played in Sun Ra's band.
Von Freeman's first venture into the recording studio took place in 1954, backing a vocal group called The Maples for Al Benson's Blue Lake label. He appeared on Andrew Hill's second single on the Ping label in 1956, followed by some recording for Vee-Jay with Jimmy Witherspoon and Albert B. Smith in the late 1950s, and a recorded appearance at a Charlie Parker tribute concert in 1970. In 1972, Freeman first recorded under his own name, the album "Doin' It Right Now" with the support of Roland Kirk. His next effort was a marathon session in 1975 released over two albums by Nessa. After that he lived, regularly performed, and recorded in Chicago. His recordings included three albums with his son, the tenorist Chico Freeman, and "You Talkin' to Me" with 22-year-old saxophonist Frank Catalano, following their successful appearance at the Chicago Jazz Festival in 1999. Four live albums for SteepleChase Records, "Inside Chicago" documented his partnership with trumpeter Brad Goode.
One of Freeman's contributions was his mentoring of countless younger musicians such as Steve Coleman, Corey Wilkes and Ben Paterson as well as his steadfast support of what he liked to call "hardcore jazz" (as he still did in a 2001 article in DownBeat.) Freeman's quartet played Monday nights throughout the 1970s and the mid-1980s at The Enterprise Lounge which closed when he toured Japan, and then Tuesdays at The New Apartment Lounge with his longtime trio of sidemen composed of drummer Michael Raynor, guitarist Mike Allemana and bassist Matt Ferguson. The quartet played a long set first, the vehicle that showcased Freeman's range from sensitively unwound ballads to intense improvisations that utilized his sometimes rough timbre and indefinite pitch to create a unique avant garde style of his own. His performances were also impressive verbal ones, as he served as an important figure that both helped African-American culture thrive on the South Side as well as invited the participation of European Americans and others into the warmth of the community he and the rest of the Enterprise and Apartment created. Freeman was considered a founder of the "Chicago School" of jazz tenorists along with Gene Ammons, Johnny Griffin and Clifford Jordan. His music has been described as "wonderfully swinging and dramatic" featuring a "large rich sound". "Vonski", as he was known by his jazz fans, was selected to receive the nation's highest jazz honor, the NEA Jazz Masters award. Freeman died of heart failure on August 11, 2012, in his home town, at the age of 88. Freeman was the father of jazz saxophonist Chico Freeman.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Brad Goode
With April Aloisio
With Francesco Crosara
With Kurt Elling
With Chico Freeman
With George Freeman
With Joanie Pallatto
With others

</doc>
<doc id="7040050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040050" title="Nada Ludvig-Pečar">
Nada Ludvig-Pečar

Nada Ludvig-Pečar (12 May 1929 – 31 March 2008) was a Bosnian composer. Some of her most well-known works include "Deset studija" (1965), "String Quartet in D" (1966), "Suita hexatonica" (1973) and "Sappho" (1974). She was also the chairperson of the Composers Association of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1981 and 1982.
Early life and education.
Nada Ludvig-Pečar was born on 12 May 1929 in Sarajevo. She began her music education at the Music School in Sarajevo in 1939, then continued her studies at the Department for Music Theory and Music Education at the Music High School in Sarajevo from 1945. In 1955, she started studying conducting in Mladen Pozajić's class at the Sarajevo Academy of Music, and then in Lucijan Marija Škerjanc's composition class at the Academy of Music, Ljubljana from 1957. She graduated from there in 1962, and also received her Master's degree there in 1966.
Career.
After graduating from the Music High School, Ludvig-Pečar began work as a piano teacher at the Primary Music School. Ludvig-Pečar worked as a music editor at TV Sarajevo between 1965 and 1966. She also lectured at the Sarajevo Academy of Pedagogy.
Among her successful compositions include the chamber works are a violin suite in 1965 and "String Quartet in D" in 1966, while her most successful on solo piano include "Deset studija" (Ten Studies) in 1965 and "Suita hexatonica" in 1973.
Beginning in 1969 she taught music theory at the Sarajevo Music Academy, where she worked until she retired in 1989. She also served as the chairman of the Composers Association of Bosnia and Herzegovina between 1981 and 1982.
Later life and death.
Ludvig-Pečar spent the last few years of her life living in Vienna. She died there on 31 March 2008, at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="7040059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040059" title="Asian American culture">
Asian American culture



</doc>
<doc id="7040064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040064" title="Confederatio Helvetica">
Confederatio Helvetica



</doc>
<doc id="7040065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040065" title="Polyoxometallate">
Polyoxometallate



</doc>
<doc id="7040085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040085" title="Samuel Joseph May">
Samuel Joseph May

Samuel Joseph May (September 12, 1797 – July 1, 1871) was an American reformer during the nineteenth century who championed education, women's rights, and abolition of slavery. May argued on behalf of all working people that the rights of humanity were more important than the rights of property, and advocated for minimum wages and legal limitations on the amassing of wealth.
He was born on September 12, 1797, in an upper-class Boston area. May was the son of Colonel Joseph May, a merchant, and Dorothy Sewell, who was descended from or connected to many of the leading families of colonial Massachusetts, including the Quincys and the Hancocks. His sister was Abby May Alcott, mother of novelist Louisa May Alcott. In 1825, he married Lucretia Flagge Coffin, with whom he had five children. Author Eve LaPlante, who wrote several books about his sister Abby May Alcott and a book about Sewall ancestor Judge Samuel Sewall, is one of his direct descendants.
Education and early career.
May was raised in Boston, Massachusetts, where he had been born in 1797 to Joseph May and Dorothy May (née Sewall). When he was four years old his six-year-old brother Edward died while they were at play in their barn. May claimed that the loss of his brother and the dreams he had following the fatal accident led him to devote his life to God and inspired his passion to "rectify the world's wrongs." He started attending Harvard in 1813 at the age of fifteen; during his junior year he chose to become a minister. In addition, while he was at Harvard and afterwards, he taught school in Concord, Massachusetts. During this time, he met many prominent Unitarians and activists, including Noah Worcester, who instilled in May the idea of peaceful opposition. He was in a party that was one of the first to travel on the Crawford Path, opened in 1819 by Abel and Ethan Crawford as a route to the summit of Mount Washington, New Hampshire, and today considered to be the oldest White Mountains trail in continuous use.
May graduated from Harvard Divinity School in 1820 and became a Unitarian minister. (See Harvard Divinity School and Unitarianism.) Following his graduation, he considered preaching in New York City and Richmond, Virginia, prior to accepting a position in Brooklyn, Connecticut, as the only Unitarian minister in that state. He came to the forefront of the Unitarian movement and became well known throughout New England as he attempted to make reforms and establish Unitarian churches.
In 1825, he married Lucretia Flagge Coffin, with whom he had five children: Joseph May, John Edward May, Charlotte Coffin (May) Wilkinson, Rev. Joseph May and George Emerson May. Their eldest son named Joseph died young. They also named a later son Joseph, in honor of him and May's father, Colonel Joseph May.
Early reform.
May began a biweekly publication, "The Liberal Christian", in January 1823; its main goal was to explain the Unitarian theology. He helped in the formation of Windham County Peace Society in 1826; in 1827, May organized a statewide convention for school reform in Connecticut, and he started a series of lectures in 1828. Meanwhile, he also belonged to the American Colonization Society, whose purpose was to send free blacks to (not "back to") Africa. May's belief in perfectionism through imitation of the life of Jesus Christ strongly influenced his involvement in reform movements. A pacifist, he actively participated in establishing peace societies, speaking out against the death penalty, and advocating nonresistance. He practiced this last belief to the extent of rejecting self-defense. He became a leader in the temperance movement, believing it to be a form of abolitionism, since he saw men as "slaves" to drink. He was perhaps most renowned for his work in education reform, as he sought to improve facilities, teachers, and curriculum in public elementary schools. May believed schools should be racially integrated and coeducational, and he advocated the philosophy of Swiss theorist Johann Pestalozzi. He spent time tutoring his sister Abigail May in philosophy and the humanities and wrote in a letter to her, "What you say relative to the need for universal education is certainly true. Nothing is of unimportance in the formation of the mind."
Involvement in abolitionism.
In 1830, May happened to meet and create a strong friendship with Wm. Lloyd Garrison, which brought him into the abolitionist movement. Although his abolitionist views alienated his family, friends, and other clergymen, he remained true to his beliefs. He helped Garrison found the New England Anti-Slavery Society, the American Anti-Slavery Society, and the New England Non-Resistance Society, in addition to working for the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society. He served as one of the writers for the constitutions of some of these societies, and as a lecturer and general agent for the New England Anti-Slavery Society. Fighting for racial equality and better schools, May assisted Prudence Crandall in the 1830s when residents of Canterbury, Connecticut, through the state legislature, made it illegal for her to run her Canterbury Female Boarding School for "young Ladies and little Misses of color".
This experience caused him to abandon his support for the colonization movement, since Andrew T. Judson, Connecticut's leading colonizationist, led the attack on Crandall's school. May was one of the delegates from the United States who attended the World Anti-Slavery Convention in London in 1840.
May became pastor of the Unitarian Church of the Messiah of Syracuse, New York, in 1845, serving until 1868. He fought the Fugitive Slave Law of 1850 by making announcements during his sermons of fugitive slaves in the area and taking collections on their behalf, as well as aiding escaped slaves along the Underground Railroad. As a prominent abolitionist in the city, May, with the help of many Liberty Party members, including Gerrit Smith and Samuel Ringgold Ward, planned and successfully executed the rescue of Jerry, a man arrested as a fugitive slave, from the police. In addition to fighting for the abolition of slavery, he fought for the equality of free Blacks in his congregations by allowing them to sit in the front as opposed to the segregated rear pews. This led to reproach from white congregation members and also to him quitting some of his parishes. These actions, particularly late in the 1850s and immediately after Lincoln was elected President in 1860, led abolitionism's opponents to violently attack May as well as burn him in effigy.
Advocacy for the education of African Americans.
May opposed efforts to block the establishment of schools for African Americans. He was a critic of Andrew T. Judson.
Work for women's rights.
In addition to speaking and writing pamphlets and articles concerning abolitionism, May was a leading advocate in women's rights and suffrage. Most notably, he wrote "The Rights and Condition of Women" in 1846 in favor of giving women the right to vote and allowing them equality in all aspects of life. May's work with the women's movement prompted him to move towards socialist economic views including redistribution of the nation's wealth, overhaul of the legal system, and a "soak-the-rich" income tax. He published a variety of other writings including "Education of the Faculties" (Boston, 1846); "Revival of Education" (Syracuse, New York, 1855): and "Recollections of the Anti-Slavery Conflict" (Boston, 1868).
Final years and legacy.
By the time of the American Civil War, May had long been torn between his commitment to pacifism and his growing belief that slavery could not be destroyed without violence. He felt that the use of force against the Southern rebellion was necessary. Following the war and success of emancipation, May continued his work for racial, sexual, economic, and educational equality until the end of his life, including service as president of the Syracuse public school district.
Samuel Joseph May died on July 1, 1871, in Syracuse, New York. He is buried at Oakwood Cemetery, Syracuse, New York.
The May pamphlet collection.
May donated a collection of more than 10,000 works to the Cornell University Library in 1870. These included pamphlets, leaflets, and other local, regional, and national anti-slavery documents. Abolitionists William Lloyd Garrison, Wendell Phillips, and Gerrit Smith issued an appeal for additional contributions to the collection so that the literature of the anti-slavery movement would be "preserved and handed down, that the purposes and the spirit, the methods and the aims of the Abolitionists should be clearly known and understood by future generations."
In 1999, the Cornell University Library received a $331,000 grant "to catalog, conserve, and digitize the collection." This has been completed, and the collection is available online.
Legacy.
In 1885, the Unitarian Church of the Messiah, in Syracuse, was renamed in May's honor to May Memorial Unitarian Church; it is now the May Memorial Unitarian Universalist Society (MMUUS).
In 2018, May was inducted into the National Abolition Hall of Fame in Peterboro, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="7040093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040093" title="Jørn Stubberud">
Jørn Stubberud



</doc>
<doc id="7040096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040096" title="TB or Not TB">
TB or Not TB



</doc>
<doc id="7040105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040105" title="EWB">
EWB

EWB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7040107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040107" title="Westcott and Hort">
Westcott and Hort

The New Testament in the Original Greek is a Greek-language version of the New Testament published in 1881. It is also known as the Westcott and Hort text, after its editors Brooke Foss Westcott (1825–1901) and Fenton John Anthony Hort (1828–1892). Textual scholars use the abbreviations "WH" or "WHNU". It is a critical text, compiled from some of the oldest New Testament fragments and texts that had been discovered at the time.
Westcott and Hort state: "[It is] our belief that even among the numerous unquestionably spurious readings of the New Testament there are no signs of deliberate falsification of the text for dogmatic purposes." They find that without orthographic differences, doubtful textual variants exist only in one sixtieth of the whole New Testament (with most of them being comparatively trivial variations), with the substantial variations forming hardly more than one thousandth of the entire text.
According to Hort, "Knowledge of Documents should precede Final Judgments upon Readings". The two editors favoured two manuscripts: Vaticanus and Sinaiticus. They also believed that the combination of Codex Bezae with the Old Latin and the Old Syriac represents the original form of the New Testament text, especially when it is shorter than other forms of the text, such as the majority of the Byzantine text-type. In this they followed one of the primary principles of their fledgling textual criticism, "lectio brevior", sometimes taken to an extreme, as in the theory of Western non-interpolations, which has since been rejected.
WH edition.
Westcott and Hort distinguished four text types in their studies. The most recent is the Syrian, or Byzantine text-type (eastern), of which the newest example is the Textus Receptus and thus from the critical text view is less likely reliable. The Western text-type is much older, but tends to paraphrase, so according to the critical text view also lacks dependability. The Alexandrian text-type, exemplified in the Codex Ephraemi, exhibits a polished Greek style. The two scholars identified their favorite text type as "Neutral text", exemplified by two 4th-century manuscripts, the Codex Vaticanus (known to scholars since the 15th century), and the Codex Sinaiticus (discovered in 1859), both of which they relied on heavily (albeit not exclusively) for this edition. This text has only a few changes of the original. This edition is based on the critical works especially of Tischendorf and Tregelles. The minuscules play a minimal role in this edition.
Westcott and Hort worked on their Testament from 1853 until its completion in 1881. It was followed by an "Introduction and Appendix" by Hort appearing in a second volume in 1882. In 1892, a revised edition was released by F. C. Burkitt.
Reception.
The edition of Westcott and Hort began a new epoch in the history of textual criticism. Most critical editions published after Westcott and Hort share their preference of the Alexandrian text-type and therefore are similar to "The New Testament in the Original Greek". An exception is the text edited by Hermann von Soden. Soden's edition stands much closer to the text of Tischendorf than to the text of Westcott and Hort. All editions of Nestle-Aland remain close in textual character to the text WH. Aland reports that, while NA25 text shows, for example, 2,047 differences from von Soden, 1,996 from Vogels, 1,268 from Tischendorf, 1,161 from Bover, and 770 from Merk, it contains only 558 differences from WH text.
According to Bruce M. Metzger, "the general validity of their critical principles and procedures is widely acknowledged by scholars today." 
In 1981 Metzger said:
Philip Comfort gave this opinion:
Puskas &amp; Robbins (2012) noted that, despite significant advancements since 1881, the text of the NA27 differs much more from the "Textus Receptus" than from Westcott and Hort, stating that 'the contribution of these Cambridge scholars appears to be enduring.'
Other editions of Greek New Testament.
The texts of Nestle-Aland, and of Bover and Merk, differ very little from the text of the Westcott-Hort.

</doc>
<doc id="7040120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040120" title="Redemption Church">
Redemption Church

Redemption Church, led by Ron Carpenter, is the largest non-denominational church in San Jose, California, United States. The original church has 14,000 members, with lesser numbers attending its five "branch" churches.
History.
The church was founded in 1980 as Jubilee Worship Center by Dick Bernal. In 1998, the church moved in a new building. In 2000, they began a hip-hop worship service. 
In 2015 it was announced that Bishop Michael Pitts would be holding monthly revival meetings at the Church. He has known Pastor Dick Bernal since 1998 when he first preached at the annual "Thunder In the Bay" conference. Formally known as Jubilee Worship Center, Dick Bernal was the founding pastor until 2018, when the Church changed its name to Redemption Church and Ron Carpenter became the Senior pastor.
In 2018, Carpenter announced that Pastors John and Aventer Gray, formerly of Lakewood Church would be taking over as Lead Pastors of Redemption's Greenville, South Carolina campus. In a surprising move, the Gray family announced shortly after that they were moving away from the Redemption brand and were renaming their church, with the Gray's as the senior pastors.
This set in motion a level of turmoil between Gray, Carpenter and their respective churches. In 2020, Carpenter and Redemption Church sought to evict Relentless Church from the church building due to Gray and his church not fulfilling the financial obligations of their lease of the building, at the time still owned by Redemption. The matter was eventually confidentially settled out of court, but questions of ownership of the Greenville building are still with the courts.

</doc>
<doc id="7040126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040126" title="Samuel Howe">
Samuel Howe

Samuel Howe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7040139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040139" title="Harry potter second book">
Harry potter second book



</doc>
<doc id="7040159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040159" title="Rene hardy">
Rene hardy



</doc>
<doc id="7040165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040165" title="Westpac Bank">
Westpac Bank



</doc>
<doc id="7040176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040176" title="Congregation Bnai Israel">
Congregation Bnai Israel



</doc>
<doc id="7040182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040182" title="Temple Bnai Israel">
Temple Bnai Israel



</doc>
<doc id="7040185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040185" title="Taliai Tupou">
Taliai Tupou

Roko Taliai Tupou (17??-1875) was a Fijian nobleman. He is considered to be the progenitor of the noble household Vatuwaqa in the chiefly Vuanirewa clan and as such, was the first member of this noble household to hold the title "Tui Nayau". His reign marked the growth of Christianity in Lau and the slow expansion of Tongan ambitions in Fiji, led by Enele Ma'afu. As this period marked increasing contact with Europeans, records from this point forward in regard to the history of Lau are well documented.
Biography.
Taliai was the son of Chief Rasolo and Radavu. He was the younger half-brother of Malani and the 3rd "Tui Nayau".
Taliai Topou’s early reception of missionaries appears lukewarm. He never took them seriously, until he was later influenced by his family members. It is recorded that he only allowed the Methodist missionaries, David Cargill and William Cross, to stay on Lakeba and establish a church after the support of his nephew and heir, Vuetasau. The latter conversion of his favourite daughter, Tagici (after being nursed back to health from a serious illness by a missionary) and the emerging role of Vaubula, Vuetasau’s brother, as an early Fijian preacher appears to have induced him to finally and publicly accept the Christian faith in 1849. From this point forward Christianity gradually replaced the old religion and gained hold in Lau and the rest of Fiji.
David Cargill describes Taliai Tupou in his journals as a “however reluctant, tributary monarch”. As he did not have the reserves of manpower like the Tui Cakau or Vunivalu of Bau he could never risk confrontation with his adversaries and the alternative was to maintain friendly relations over as wide a field as possible. In this sense he can he stated as an astute diplomat, having somewhat maintained Lakeba independence through the occupancy of Enele Ma'afu and ambitions of Bau Island. His sovereignty over Lakeba and its dependencies were never likely threatened by Ma’afu, as Taliai through his mother descended from the royal Tuʻi Tonga and Tu'i Kanokupolu lines. Ma’afu’s father was a former "Tui Kanokupolu" and therefore would have considered Taliai his kin, but it was Ma’afu’s conquests of the north and western islands from Lakeba, that would greatly extend the domains of later Fijian rulers. In 1865 he concluded a "Treaty of Friendship" between the Kingdom of Lakeba and the Kingdom of Tonga, and in 1871 he convened a meeting of his chiefs and nominated Ma'afu as leader of the states of Lakeba, Vanua Balavu, and the Moala Islands.
Taliai is noted to have been the longest lived "Tui Nayau". Though crippled at the time of negotiations before the Cession of Fiji to Queen Victoria in 1874, he was still being carried about. An observing Australian reporter at the time stated, "Methuselah was an infant to him and death had forgotten him."
He died in 1875 and was succeeded by his grandnephew, "Ratu" Tevita Uluilakeba II. The latter would only succeed to the title "Roko Sau" as he would die prematurely a year later in 1876. His death meant that Tupou’s son Eroni Loganimoce would in turn succeed to his cousin’s title and succeed his father becoming the fourth "Tui Nayau".

</doc>
<doc id="7040188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040188" title="Tony Malaby">
Tony Malaby

Tony Malaby (born January 12, 1964) is an American jazz tenor saxophonist.
Malaby was born in Tucson, Arizona. He moved to New York City in 1995 and played with several notable jazz groups, including Charlie Haden’s Liberation Music Orchestra, Paul Motian's Electric Bebop Band, Mark Helias's Open Loose, Fred Hersch's Trio + 2 and Walt Whitman project. He also played with bands led by Mario Pavone, Chris Lightcap, Bobby Previte, Tom Varner, Marty Ehrlich, Angelica Sanchez, Mark Dresser, and Kenny Wheeler. Other collaborators included Tom Rainey, Christian Lillinger, Ben Monder, Eivind Opsvik, Nasheet Waits, Samo Šalamon and Michael Formanek. His first album as a co-leader was "Cosas" with Joey Sellers.
"The New York Times" has called him one "of the best players of their generation."
Discography.
As sideman.
with Damian Allegretti
with Kris Davis
With Charlie Haden Liberation Music Orchestra 
with Pandelis Karayorgis and Mat Maneri
with Paul Motian
With Mario Pavone
with Samo Šalamon
With Josh D. Reed, Matt Smiley and Ron Coulter

</doc>
<doc id="7040190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040190" title="Mark Bosco">
Mark Bosco

Mark Bosco, S.J. is a Jesuit priest and a professor. His areas of research and specialization are in the fields of 20th-Century American and British Literature, the Roman Catholic literary tradition, aesthetics, art, and the religious imagination. He is an authority on the works of Flannery O'Connor and Graham Greene.
Bosco is widely published; his most recent book is "Graham Greene’s Catholic Imagination", published by Oxford University Press. He has also given numerous invited lectures and talks.
Bosco earned his Ph.D. from Graduate Theological Union in 2003, his M.Div. from the Jesuit School of Theology in 1998.
Prior to August 2017, he was Professor of Theology and English studies at Loyola University Chicago in Chicago, Illinois, as well as the former Interim Director of the Interdisciplinary Honors Program. He was also the Director of Joan and Bill Hank Center for the Catholic Intellectual Heritage. Bosco was the founder and former director of the Catholic Studies Minor Program.
In 2017, Bosco was appointed the Vice President for Mission and Ministry at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C. In addition to leading the campus ministry, he is also a Professorial Lecturer in the Department of English.
Bosco was co-writer and co-director with Elizabeth Coffman of the 2019 documentary film "Flannery", about Flannery O'Connor.

</doc>
<doc id="7040194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040194" title="Temple B'nai Israel">
Temple B'nai Israel



</doc>
<doc id="7040195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040195" title="Bay Miwok (Karkin)">
Bay Miwok (Karkin)



</doc>
<doc id="7040198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040198" title="AFH">
AFH

AFH or afh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7040207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040207" title="Restore Hope">
Restore Hope



</doc>
<doc id="7040208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040208" title="U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit">
U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit



</doc>
<doc id="7040209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040209" title="Nada Ludvig-Pecar">
Nada Ludvig-Pecar



</doc>
<doc id="7040225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040225" title="Provide Relief">
Provide Relief



</doc>
<doc id="7040227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040227" title="Seven Noahide laws">
Seven Noahide laws



</doc>
<doc id="7040233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040233" title="Federal Commissioner of Taxation v Peabody">
Federal Commissioner of Taxation v Peabody

Federal Commissioner of Taxation v Peabody was a 1994 High Court of Australia tax case concerning certain transactions made by the Peabody family business. The Australian Taxation Office (ATO) sought to apply the Part IVA
general anti-avoidance provisions of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936.
The case was decided in favour of the taxpayer Mary Peabody, on the slightly technical grounds that there wasn't a reasonable expectation she would have received the income in question (from the family trust) in the year and under the interpretation asserted by the ATO.
The significance of the case today, and the reason it is frequently cited, is principally its place in judicial interpretation of Part IVA. The ATO in particular did not regard the case as a complete loss; they took remarks in the judgements as confirming their interpretation of that legislation.
Transaction.
The Peabody family and Ray Kleinschmidt owned a business producing fly ash, also known as pozzolan, used in concrete. It was a set of four companies, called the Pozzolanic Group. Kleinschmidt owned 38%, and the Peabody family owned 62%, through a family trust. The trustee was a company of which husband and wife Terence and Mary Peabody were directors, and the beneficiaries were Mary Peabody and their two sons.
Terence Peabody had planned for some time to buy Kleinschmidt's share then float 50% of the total business on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX). In late 1985 he and Kleinschmidt reached an agreement where Kleinschmidt would sell his shares for $8.6 million, an amount which was based on a business valuation and which was to remain confidential. Instead of Terence Peabody or the family trust buying out Kleinschmidt directly, the transaction was structured as follows.
The Peabody trust bought a shelf company called Loftway and Kleinschmidt sold his shares to it for the agreed $8.6 million. The Peabodys (now 100% owners) then had the Pozzolanic group companies convert those shares to "Z class" and restrict their rights, rendering them worthless. The shares the Peabody trust owned were then all that remained, a 100% interest in the business (apart from a few owned by Terence Peabody in his own name).
The money to pay Kleinschmidt was provided by Westpac subscribing for $8.6 million worth of Loftway preference shares. The interest on them was obtained from the Pozzolanic companies paying dividends to Loftway, which in turn paid dividends to Westpac. The capital was repaid after the float when the Peabody trust lent $8.6 million from the float proceeds to Loftway in order for it to redeem Westpac's shares. That loan was subsequently forgiven by the trust.
This indirect structure had three apparent purposes,
The last point is a little unclear. Perhaps it was that Loftway's ownership of Pozzolanic shares was not an income producing purpose, so plain interest payments would not be tax deductible. If so then that would be in a sense a consequence of using Loftway, rather than an independent rationale for the structure.
Assessment and court.
The Australian Taxation Office (ATO) took the view that the mechanism was a tax avoidance scheme, a scheme which came under Part IVA of the "Income Tax Assessment Act 1936". The ATO treated the transaction as Kleinschmidt selling to the Peabody trust, and then on-selling to the public in the float, making a profit of the difference. This was a capital gain, and the 1/3 of that attributable to Mary Peabody as trust beneficiary was $888,005. The ATO added that to her return for the year ending 30 June 1986.
Mary Peabody lodged an objection to the ATO assessment, which the ATO disallowed. She then asked the ATO to refer it to the Federal Court (as any taxpayer may do). Her argument was that the transaction was structured as it was for the commercial reasons of confidentiality and the cost of financing, as described above.
Justice O'Loughlin in the Federal Court agreed with the ATO that the devaluation to Z-class shares was a scheme, and considered the argument about non-disclosure to be a "red herring".
Mrs Peabody appealed to the full bench of the court, and they instead considered the transfer, financing and float together, and found for her. The ATO went to the High Court, which upheld the full bench decision.

</doc>
<doc id="7040234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040234" title="Old Bugs (short story)">
Old Bugs (short story)



</doc>
<doc id="7040236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040236" title="Air Force Overseas Ribbon">
Air Force Overseas Ribbon



</doc>
<doc id="7040241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040241" title="Cluneal nerves">
Cluneal nerves

The cluneal nerves (or clunial nerves) are cutaneous nerves of the buttocks. They are often classified according to where on the buttocks they innervate. Specifically, the nerves are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="7040243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040243" title="Posterior cutaneous nerve of the thigh">
Posterior cutaneous nerve of the thigh



</doc>
<doc id="7040245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040245" title="Manchuli">
Manchuli



</doc>
<doc id="7040246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040246" title="Bebom Beton">
Bebom Beton



</doc>
<doc id="7040251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040251" title="Kirsten Bråten-Berg">
Kirsten Bråten-Berg



</doc>
<doc id="7040257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040257" title="Nadezhda de Torby">
Nadezhda de Torby



</doc>
<doc id="7040260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040260" title="Dimensions (EP)">
Dimensions (EP)

Dimensions is the second extended play (EP) by Australian rock band Wolfmother, released on 31 January 2006. It includes a total of four tracks and two music videos; three of the four songs were previously released on the band's self-titled album (one, "Love Train", only on the international version).
Track listing.
All songs were written by Andrew Stockdale, Chris Ross and Myles Heskett.

</doc>
<doc id="7040270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040270" title="Prop comedian">
Prop comedian



</doc>
<doc id="7040272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040272" title="Gary Maddux">
Gary Maddux



</doc>
<doc id="7040278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040278" title="Frank Dobson (coach)">
Frank Dobson (coach)



</doc>
<doc id="7040284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040284" title="Sparks Shot Tower">
Sparks Shot Tower

The Sparks Shot Tower is a historic shot tower located at 129-131 Carpenter Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Opened on July 4, 1808, it was one of the first shot towers in the United States, with the Jackson Ferry Shot Tower in Wythe County, Virginia possibly predating it by a year or so. It was built near the Delaware River waterfront at Front and Carpenter Streets, just west of Gloria Dei (Old Swedes') Church.
History.
Supplies of lead shot were imported from Europe before the Embargo Act of 1807. Plumbers Thomas Sparks, John Bishop, and James Clement built the tower to take advantage of the limited available supply. At the start of the War of 1812, the federal government became their major customer, buying war munitions, and Quaker John Bishop sold his part of the company to Thomas Sparks.
Before the use of shot towers, shot was made in wooden molds, which resulted in unevenly formed, low quality shot. Shot towers work on the principle that molten lead forms perfectly round balls when poured from a high place. Molten lead at the top of the tower was poured through a sieve or mesh, forming uniform spherical shot before falling into a large vat of water at the bottom of the tower.
The tall brick tower is in diameter at its base, tapering to at the top. Originally used to produce shot for hunters, the tower produced ammunition during the War of 1812 and the Civil War.
The tower operated for over a century, closing in 1913. Four generations of the Sparks family owned the tower until 1903, when they sold it to the United Lead Company of Pennsylvania. The City of Philadelphia bought the site in 1913. The tower is now managed by the Philadelphia Department of Parks and Recreation and is surrounded by a public recreation center and playground. It can be seen looking west from I-95.

</doc>
<doc id="7040287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040287" title="Costovertebral joint">
Costovertebral joint



</doc>
<doc id="7040302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040302" title="Caffè Espresso">
Caffè Espresso



</doc>
<doc id="7040313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040313" title="Baldwin County High School">
Baldwin County High School

Baldwin County High School is a public high school that serves grades 9-12 in Bay Minette, Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. It is part of the Baldwin County Public Schools. The school's mascot is the tiger.
BCHS is an Apple Distinguished school. Students received MacBook Air laptops during the 2013–14 school year.
Baldwin County High School serves the city of Bay Minette and the unincorporated communities of Bromley, Crossroads, Perdido, Pine Grove, Stapleton, Stockton, White House Fork, among others.
Feeder patterns.
The following schools feed into Baldwin County High School:

</doc>
<doc id="7040322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040322" title="Inferior costal facet">
Inferior costal facet

The inferior costal facet (or inferior costal fovea) is a site where a rib forms a joint with the inferior aspect of the body of a thoracic vertebra.
In the adjacent picture, the arrow points to an inferior costal facet. The facets are named for their location on the vertebral body, not the rib. The inferior costal facet is located on the inferior aspect of the vertebral body, but has a superior location on the rib. Similarly, the superior costal facet is superior on the vertebral body but is inferior on the rib.

</doc>
<doc id="7040327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040327" title="Superior costal facet">
Superior costal facet

The superior costal facet (or superior costal fovea) is a site where a rib forms a joint with the top of a vertebra.
Ribs connect to the thoracic vertebrae at two main points, the inferior and superior costal facets. These connection points are located on two different vertebrae that are located on top of one another. The superior costal facet is located on the inferior thoracic vertebrae. The inferior costal facet is located on the superior vertebrae. While these terms may be confusing, it helps to know that the costal facets are named for their position on the vertebral body itself, not for the part of the rib that they articulate with. Costal facets only apply to ribs 2–9. Ribs 1, 10, 11, and 12 articulate completely onto the thoracic vertebrae rather than in between two of them.

</doc>
<doc id="7040328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040328" title="Transverse costal facet">
Transverse costal facet

The transverse costal facet (or transverse costal fovea) is one of the costal facets, a site where a rib forms a joint with the transverse process of a thoracic vertebra.

</doc>
<doc id="7040332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040332" title="Northpoint Bible College">
Northpoint Bible College

Northpoint Bible College and Seminary is a private Pentecostal Bible college and seminary in Haverhill, Massachusetts. The college's sole purpose is to teach and train students for Pentecostal ministry for the spread of the Christian gospel. It offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in Biblical Studies and Practical Theology.
History.
The School of the Prophets was founded as a volunteer-run institution in 1924 by Rev. Christine Gibson at East Providence, Rhode Island. It was also at one time named Mount Zion Bible School. Later, as the Zion Bible Institute, it was closely associated with Zion Gospel Temple, originally a Holiness congregation founded in the late 19th century by Rev. Alphaeus Cleveland and subsequently pastored by Rev. Christine Gibson. The congregation later affiliated with the Pentecostal revival and continued as an independent Pentecostal church named Zion Gospel Temple. The nearby Zion Faith Home, Inc., a retirement home for missionaries, was also connected with the school and church for many years while the campus was located in East Providence, Rhode Island.
In 1985, Zion Bible Institute relocated to the former campus of Barrington College in Barrington, Rhode Island. At the time the institute was under the leadership of Dr. N. Benjamin Crandall, president from 1985 to 2000. The centerpiece of the campus was the former Peck Mansion, a building listed on the registry of historic sites for the state of Rhode Island. Renamed as the Gibson Memorial Building in honor of the institute's founder, it housed the President's Office, a variety of additional offices, and the library.
Following Crandall, Rev. George Cope served as president from 2000 to 2005. The college became affiliated with the Assemblies of God USA in 2000. In 2001, it was accredited by the Association for Biblical Higher Education.
In 2007 Reverend Charles Crabtree, a former assistant superintendent of the Assemblies of God, accepted the position of president.
Also in 2007, David Green, CEO and founder of the Hobby Lobby chain of hobby stores, purchased the former Bradford College campus in Haverhill, Massachusetts. The campus was given to Zion Bible College, and Zion was to fund the repairs and upgrades needed before commencing operations there. The college reopened on the new campus in the fall of 2008, and enrollment doubled from 200 to 400.
In 2012, the school's trustees changed the college's name to Northpoint Bible College, effective January 1, 2013.
In 2012, the Rev. Dr. J. David Arnett was elected to serve as the eighth president. He led the college through many programmatic and campus upgrades.
In 2013, the Massachusetts Board of Higher Education approved the addition of Master's Degrees and Associate of Arts Degrees.
In 2017, the National Council for State Authorization Reciprocity Agreement approved Northpoint to offer postsecondary distance education courses and programs online.
A Hispanic Seminary (Northpoint Universidad Bíblica y Seminario) was added in the fall of 2022.
Campus.
The campus, formerly that of Bradford College, is located in the Bradford section of Haverhill at 320 South Main Street, Haverhill, MA 01835.
Academics.
The college offers Associate in Arts, Bachelor of Arts, and Master of Arts degrees. All bachelor's degree students double major in Biblical Studies and a second major of their choice.
Affiliations.
NPBC is accredited by the Association for Biblical Higher Education. It is approved the Massachusetts Department of Higher Education and Michigan Department of Higher Education. The institution is also endorsed by the Assemblies of God USA.
As of the fall of 2024, NorthPoint Bible College remains unaccredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education (NECHE), the major regional governing body that determines and approves the academic standing of accredited Bachelor of Arts and Science degree programs.
Student life.
Chapel is held Monday through Thursday. Attendance is mandatory for all full-time students. On one Friday per month, there are class prayers.
There is a dress code for class attendance, chapel attendance, and leisure time.
In 2016, the college was granted an exemption from some of the provisions of Title IX that forbid discrimination on the basis of sex.
Residence life.
Unmarried students without an established residence in the area are required to live on campus while attending Northpoint Bible College. There is one dormitory for men (Gallagher Hall) and one for women (Gibson Hall). Some married students live on the upper floors of Academy Hall. Unmarried students who are not yet in their senior year are held to nightly campus curfew, room curfew, and weekly room inspections.
Distance education.
Northpoint Bible College has satellite distance-education campuses in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Crestwood, Kentucky, Texarkana, Arkansas, and Los Angeles, California. Courses are also offered online.

</doc>
<doc id="7040333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040333" title="Costal facet">
Costal facet

A costal facet is a site of connection between a rib and a vertebra. The costal facets are located on the vertebrae that the rib articulates with. They are the superior costal facet, the inferior costal facet, and the transverse costal facet. Rib 1 only articulates with a transverse costal facet.
The superior costal facet joins the rib to the top of a vertebra. The transverse costal facet joins the rib to the transverse process of a vertebra, and the inferior costal facet joins the rib to the lower part of the vertebra. The joints formed are known as the costovertebral joints.

</doc>
<doc id="7040336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040336" title="Costal facets">
Costal facets



</doc>
<doc id="7040337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040337" title="Gyula Rochlitz">
Gyula Rochlitz

Gyula Rochlitz ( born as Julius Rochlitz, 1825–1886) was a Hungarian architect.
Rochlitz completed his studies at Vienna University of Technology before commencing work at the Hungarian Railways where he became chief architect of the Budapest Railway Directorate in the late 19th century. It was in this role that he planned and designed (along with János Feketeházy) the arrivals hall of Budapest's 1884 Keleti pályaudvar ("Eastern Railway Station") and the 477m-long Southern Railway Bridge ("Összekötő vasúti híd") over the river Danube. He died in Budapest in 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="7040346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040346" title="25 August 2003 Mumbai blasts">
25 August 2003 Mumbai blasts



</doc>
<doc id="7040349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040349" title="In the Navy (film)">
In the Navy (film)

In the Navy is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Arthur Lubin and starring the team of Abbott and Costello alongside Dick Powell, Claire Dodd and The Andrews Sisters. Produced and distributed by Universal Pictures, it was the second service comedy based on the peacetime draft of 1940. The comedy team appeared in two other service comedies in 1941, before the United States entered the war: "Buck Privates" released in January and "Keep 'Em Flying" released in November.
Plot.
Popular crooner Russ Raymond abandons his career at its peak and joins the Navy using his real name, Tommy Halstead. However, Dorothy Roberts, a reporter, discovers his identity and follows him in the hopes of photographing him and revealing his identity to the world.
Aboard the battleship , Tommy meets up with Smokey and Pomeroy, who help hide him from Dorothy, who hatches numerous schemes in an attempt to photograph Tommy/Russ being a sailor. Pomeroy is in love with Patty Andrews, sends her numerous fan letters, and tries to impress her with false tales of his physique and his naval rank. Eventually, Patty discovers that Pomeroy is only a baker, and Pomeroy spends much of the movie attempting to win her affection.
Production.
After "Buck Privates" became a big hit, the studio rushed Abbott and Costello into a second service comedy. "In the Navy" was filmed from April 8, 1941 through May 9, 1941. This was actually after the team had already completed "Hold That Ghost". The latter was held back for revisions and the naval comedy was released as the team's second starring vehicle.
There was, however, one problem before it could be released: when the film was screened for the Navy, officers were offended by the sequence where Pomeroy (Costello) impersonates a captain and puts the battleship through a series of madcap maneuvers. Since the sequence was the climax of the film, it could not be edited out. The studio solved the problem by making the sequence Pomeroy's dream. This caused the film to go over its original budget of $335,000.
Portions of the film were shot in the Coachella Valley, California.
Routines.
Abbott and Costello perform the "Lemon Bit", a crooked shell game routine; the math routine, "13 x 7 = 28"; and "Buzzing the Bee" (a variation called "Sons of Neptune"), an initiation routine where each member of the team tries to trick the other into asking to be sprayed in the face. During this sequence, Costello began laughing and spit his water on the deck. Director Arthur Lubin left it in the film.
Reception.
Reviews from critics were positive. Bosley Crowther of "The New York Times" wrote: "Maybe they aren't quite as funny as they were in "Buck Privates," but even fair with Abbott and Costello is good enough for now ... Yes, the boys make something of "In the Navy" in spite of the fact that there is very little there. Certainly the Andrews Sisters and Mr. Powell, with their flat songs, would not be missed. They simply get in the way when you want to be watching Lou and Bud, who are the show." A reviewer in "Variety" reported that "Abbott and Costello provide constant laughs with their zany routines." "Film Daily" wrote, "The picture is timely, tuneful and highly amusing screenfare for all audiences." "Harrison's Reports" wrote: "It may not be as hilarious as 'Buck Privates' since some of the gags are already known; yet it is a very good comedy, with many amusing situations."
Re-release.
"In the Navy" was re-released in January 1949 with "Who Done It?".
Home media.
This film has been released three times on DVD. Originally released as single DVD on August 26, 1998, it was released twice as part of two different Abbott and Costello collections. The first time, on "The Best of Abbott and Costello Volume One", on February 10, 2004, and again on October 28, 2008 as part of "Abbott and Costello: The Complete Universal Pictures Collection".

</doc>
<doc id="7040357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040357" title="Tony Coe">
Tony Coe

Anthony George Coe (29 November 1934 – 16 March 2023) was an English jazz musician who played clarinet, bass clarinet, and flute as well as soprano, alto, and tenor saxophones.
Career.
Born in Canterbury, Kent, England, Coe started out on clarinet and was self-taught on tenor saxophone. At just 15 years of age in 1949 he played in his school's (Simon Langton Grammar School for Boys) trad band and two years later, aged 17, became a full professional with Joe Daniels. In 1953, aged 18, he joined the army where he played clarinet in the Military band and saxophone with the unit Dance Band. After demob in 1955 he spent some time in France with the Micky Bryan Band (Micky on piano, Gerry Salisbury (valve trombone), Harry Bryan (trumpet), Lennie Hastings on drums, and Coe on clarinet), before rejoining Joe Daniels. In 1957 Tony's father went to see Humphrey Lyttelton and, as a result, Tony spent just over four years with Humphrey's band from 1957 to the end of 1961. This was a period when Coe was brought to the attention of critics and fans as well as giving him some degree of international fame.
He left Lyttleton at the end of 1961 to form his own outfit. As leader, his notable albums in this period include 1967's "Tony's Basement" for Denis Preston, a combination of jazz players and string quartet which "suits his evenness of tone and highly personal sound perfectly, and which recalls Stan Getz's beautiful "Focus"".
In 1965, Coe was invited to join Count Basie's band (later saying: "I'm glad it didn't come off – I would have lasted about a fortnight") and has since played with the John Dankworth Orchestra, the Kenny Clarke-Francy Boland Big Band, Derek Bailey's free improvisation group Company, Stan Tracey, Michael Gibbs, Stan Getz, Dizzy Gillespie, and Bob Brookmeyer, and performed under Pierre Boulez as well as leading a series of groups of his own, including Coe Oxley &amp; Co with drummer Tony Oxley. Another recording with Denis Preston is his "Third Stream masterpiece" "Zeitgeist" from 1977. He played saxophone on John Martyn's 1973 album, "Solid Air" and clarinet on Paul McCartney's recording of "I'll Give You a Ring", released in 1982,
Coe also worked with the Matrix, a small ensemble formed by clarinettist Alan Hacker, with a wide-ranging repertoire of early, classical, and contemporary music, the Danish Radio Big Band, Metropole Orchestra and Skymasters in the Netherlands. He has worked additionally with the Mike Gibbs big band and the United Jazz and Rock Ensemble. As leader, a career highlight from 1989 is the "Canterbury Song" album featuring the American pianist Horace Parlan.
Coe recorded on soundtracks for several films, including "Superman II", "Victor/Victoria", "Nous irons tous au paradis", "Leaving Las Vegas", "Le Plus beau métier du monde" and "The Loss of Sexual Innocence". He also composed the film score for "Camomille".
Coe, who lived in Canterbury, died on 16 March 2023, at the age of 88.
Awards and honours.
In 1976, a grant from the Arts Council enabled him to write "Zeitgeist - Based On Poems Of Jill Robin", a large-scale orchestral work fusing jazz and rock elements with techniques from classical music which was recorded on EMI records on 29 and 30 July 1976 at Lansdowne Studios based in Holland Park, London. In 1995 he received an honorary degree and the Danish Jazzpar Prize.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Steve Beresford
With the Kenny Clarke/Francy Boland Big Band (MPS)
With Georgie Fame
With Tony Hymas
With Franz Koglmann
With Humphrey Lyttelton
With Mike McGear
With Norma Winstone
With others

</doc>
<doc id="7040358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040358" title="Surrender (single)">
Surrender (single)



</doc>
<doc id="7040363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040363" title="Resource breakdown structure">
Resource breakdown structure

In project management, the resource breakdown structure (RBS) is a hierarchical list of resources related by function and resource type that is used to facilitate planning and controlling of project work. The Resource Breakdown Structure includes, at a minimum, the personnel resources needed for successful completion of a project, and preferably contains all resources on which project funds will be spent, including personnel, tools, machinery, materials, equipment and fees and licenses. Money is not considered a resource in the RBS; only those resources that will cost money are included.
Definition.
Assignable resources, such as personnel, are typically defined from a functional point of view: "who" is doing the work is identified based on their role within the project, rather than their department or role within the parent companies. In some cases, a geographic division may be preferred. Each descending (lower) level represents an increasingly detailed description of the resource until small enough to be used in conjunction with the work breakdown structure (WBS) to allow the work to be planned, monitored and controlled.
Example.
In common practice, only non-expendable (i.e., durable goods) resources are listed in an RBS. 
Example of hierarchies of resources:
Both human and physical resources, such as software and test instruments, are listed in the example above. The nomenclature is a numbered, hierarchical list of indented layers, each level adds an additional digit representing. For example, the numeric labels (1.1, 1.1.2) make each resource uniquely identifiable.
Use in Microsoft Project.
The RBS (also known as the User Breakdown Structure) fields in a Project file are specifically coded by the administrator of that project, usually the Project Manager. Sometimes a PM Administrator is designated in larger project who will manage the Project tool itself. This field is called the Enterprise Resource Outline Code and it falls into one of two categories, RBS (resource field) and RBS (assignment field). These are high-level fields that require managers who know what these will be used for in terms of the organization.

</doc>
<doc id="7040365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040365" title="Yōkyoku">
Yōkyoku

, also called , is a part of the traditional Noh theatre in Japan.
The name refers to the vocal section of the music associated with classical Noh drama. "Yōkyoku" is sung by the chorus and rarely by the other actors. It usually consists of references to classical texts or Buddhist sutras and are 
composed in groups of five and seven syllables.
These vocalizations, as well as the performance of accompanying instruments, help to produce a multitude of supernatural and celestial sounds that are intrinsic to the Noh music genre.
It has two basic styles:

</doc>
<doc id="7040367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040367" title="Mortimer Wilson">
Mortimer Wilson

Mortimer Wilson (August 6, 1876 – January 27, 1932) was an American composer of classical music. He also scored several musical and dramatic films in the 1920s.
Wilson was born in Chariton, Iowa in Lucas County, a rural area in the south-central portion of the state. He studied organ, violin and composition with Frederick Grant Gleason at the Chicago Music College. He then studied in Leipzig, Germany with Max Reger. Upon return to the USA in 1911 he taught composition at the Atlanta Conservatory and conducted the Atlanta Philharmonic Orchestra. In 1916, he moved to Brenau College in Gainesville, Georgia. In 1918, Wilson took a job as consulting editor for the National Academy of Music in New York City, where he remained until his death at the age of 55. 
As a composer, Mortimer's European influenced late romantic style was similar to his contemporaries Henry Kimball Hadley and Frederick Shepherd Converse. Today his works are mostly in manuscript. They include five symphonies and a great deal of chamber music, including three violin sonatas, two piano trios, two piano sonatas and an organ sonata. The suite for piano trio "From My Youth" Op. 5 was published in 1911 (in two books of four pieces each) and premiered by the Sitting Trio. It has been recorded by the Rawlins Piano Trio. The short piano suite "Silhouettes from the Screen", Op. 55 (1919) includes miniature musical portraits of William S. Hart, Charles Chaplin, Mary Pickford, Theda Bara (who is portrayed in an atonal, expressionistic style) and Douglas Fairbanks).
For the 1924 film "The Thief of Bagdad". Douglas Fairbanks encouraged Wilson to provide a fully-fledged classical score, unusual at the time. Wilson composed leit-motifs for each character and developed them symphonically. He also spent many hours in the editing room working on combining his music with the film. The score has been re-constructed by Mark Fitz-Gerald and recorded. A 1924 Literary Digest article details Wilson's work on the film (and includes a photo of the composer). Wilson also wrote the music for Fairbanks’s next two films, "Don Q, Son of Zorro" (1925) and "The Black Pirate" (1926).
Mortimer was also the author of three books: "The Rhetoric of Music" (1907), "Harmonic and Melodic Technical Studies" (1908) and "Orchestral Training" (1921). His students included Robert Emmett Dolan, Joseph Littau and John Tasker Howard. He died aged 56 after a bout of influenza. 

</doc>
<doc id="7040374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040374" title="Rick McGraw">
Rick McGraw

Richard McGraw (March 19, 1955 – November 1, 1985) was an American professional wrestler, best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) under the ring name "Quickdraw" Rick McGraw from 1980 until his death in 1985. Rick was a wrestler at Elon College 1973–74.
Professional wrestling career.
McGraw began his career in 1975 in the Florida area. He adopted the nickname "Quickdraw" in reference to the cartoon character Quick Draw McGraw. He competed in the Mid-Atlantic region a couple of years later before entering the World Wrestling Federation. McGraw defeated enhancement talent, but mostly put over heels who were ready to challenge WWF champion Bob Backlund. He also competed on the Showdown at Shea show in August 1980, losing to Greg Gagne.
McGraw left the WWF and competed for various regional territories of the National Wrestling Alliance. He was one-half of The New York Dolls with The Dream Machine (managed by Jimmy Hart) in the World Wrestling Association, winning the WWA World Tag Team Championship in 1982. Rick then re-entered Vince McMahon Sr.'s WWF as part of the tag team called The Carolina Connection with Steve Travis. Quickdraw had notable matches with numerous top heels during his time in the WWF. He was once managed by Arnold Skaaland and also had his neck "broken" by Killer Khan in a match. Towards the end of his career, McGraw teamed up with André the Giant to form a lopsided tag team duo: McGraw was 5'7" with the Giant billed at 7'4".
On the October 26, 1985, episode of WWF Championship Wrestling, McGraw was a guest on Roddy Piper's "Piper's Pit" segment and got on the host's case about always shooting his mouth off and not wrestling on television, prompting Piper to accept a challenge to wrestle him on the show the next week. During his entrance, Piper repeated "I'm going to show you why they don't let me wrestle on TV." McGraw wore Piper's signature "Hot Rod" T-shirt to the ring before blowing his nose on it and throwing it at Piper to start the match. Piper quickly took control, throwing McGraw out of the ring and twice into the guardrail. After no-selling several punches and kicks in McGraw's comeback, Piper hit him with a swinging neckbreaker and two DDTs, the second prompting the referee to stop the match, declaring McGraw unable to continue. Piper stomped him a few times then yelled into a camera, "That's why they don't let me wrestle on TV!" Coincidentally, the unusually violent match (taped October 22) aired the morning after McGraw died, leading some viewers to assume Piper killed him. Off TV, McGraw had at least three matches in the interim, with The Spoiler, Randy Savage and Mike Sharpe.
Personal life.
McGraw was married to Lisa. The couple had a single child, Ricky.
Death.
McGraw died of a heart attack on November 1, 1985. Shortly after, Roddy Piper headlined a show held to benefit McGraw's family. Fellow professional wrestler Bret Hart noted in his autobiography that McGraw regularly consumed Placidyl and suggested this resulted in his heart failing.

</doc>
<doc id="7040377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040377" title="Black Hills Ordnance Depot">
Black Hills Ordnance Depot

The Black Hills Ordnance Depot (BHOD) was a munitions storage and maintenance facility formerly operated by the United States Army Ordnance Corps. The depot was located in Fall River County, in far southwestern South Dakota about eight miles south of the town of Edgemont.
BHOD was established and constructed in 1942, to help meet the Army's increased ordnance handling needs caused by World War II. Because of the relative remoteness of the location, nearly all of the facility's civilian workforce lived in federally owned housing at the depot; this residential community was known as Igloo.
Among Igloo's residents was a young Tom Brokaw, who spent a few years living on the base as a boy.
The level of employment at BHOD varied over the years, increasing during periods of war. During typical peacetime periods of the 1950s, between 650 and 750 workers were employed at the site, and the community population was around 1800 people.
BHOD was renamed "Black Hills Army Depot" (BHAD) in 1962.
Over the years, BHOD was used for storage and testing of chemical weapons, including sarin and mustard gas. Additionally, during World War II, the site also held Italian prisoners of war.
The Depot was closed on June 30, 1967, and the Igloo community was abandoned. Once the Depot was closed, most of the residential housing units were moved to the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation. A large number of former Depot buildings remained at the site in 2007.
Since 2016, The Vivos group has purchased the majority of the former base containing 575 of the ordnance igloos, each approximately . The development now known as Vivos xPoint has become an international story and is currently in filming by a major cable network for an ongoing docu-series on the making of the world's largest survival community.

</doc>
<doc id="7040378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040378" title="Einar Repse">
Einar Repse



</doc>
<doc id="7040385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040385" title="David Angel (judge)">
David Angel (judge)

David Norman Angel KC (born 5 July 1944) was a judge of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory, Australia. He was appointed to the court on 8 May 1989. Justice Angel retired on 20 January 2010. At the time of his retirement, he was the Northern Territory's longest serving resident judge.
Justice Angel was educated at Prince Alfred College in South Australia and later attended the University of Adelaide. He was admitted to the South Australian Bar in 1967 and practised as a partner with the Adelaide law firm of Piper, Bakewell and Piper until 1974. In 1975 Angel joined the South Australian Independent Bar, where he remained until taking up his appointment on the Northern Territory Supreme Court bench. He was appointed as a Queen's Counsel in 1981.
Justice Angel was President of the South Australian Bar Association (1988–89) and Chairman of the South Australian Parole Board (1982–84). He was also a Council Member of the South Australian Law Society, a member of the South Australian Disciplinary Tribunal and a member of the South Australian Supreme Court Admissions Board. He is also a member of the Governing Council of the Judicial Conference of Australia.
On 24 May 2010, he was granted the title "Honourable" for life.

</doc>
<doc id="7040388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040388" title="Cornish Colony Museum">
Cornish Colony Museum

The Cornish Colony Museum was located in Windsor, Vermont. It was an art museum and educational institution, dedicated to displaying and teaching about the creative individuals who lived and worked in the Cornish Art Colony. The Cornish Colony Museum was operated by The Cornish Colony Museum of Windsor Vermont, a 501(c)3 non-profit educational corporation.
The Cornish Colony Museum was established in 1998, in Cornish, New Hampshire. The Museum originally occupied Mastlands, a 19th-century Cornish Colony house. In 2005, the Cornish Colony Museum relocated to Windsor, Vermont, located in the old Windsor firehouse. After a period of struggle, including some difficulties with its tax-exempt status, the museum moved briefly back to Cornish but ceased operations around 2010. The Windsor facility was closed and parts of the collection were later auctioned locally. Some papers related to the museum's founding and history are now housed at nearby Dartmouth College.
During part of its history, the museum routinely put on two exhibits a year, focusing on both the Cornish Art Colony artists, and on modern artists in the area. The Cornish Colony Museum also participated in the local "Meet the Artist" series, and hosted the late George Tooker, and children's illustrators Ilse Plume and John Stadler.

</doc>
<doc id="7040391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040391" title="KMKC">
KMKC



</doc>
<doc id="7040398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040398" title="Black Hills Army Depot">
Black Hills Army Depot



</doc>
<doc id="7040405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040405" title="Bobby Enriquez">
Bobby Enriquez

Roberto Delprado Yulo "Bobby" Enriquez (May 20, 1943 – August 6, 1996) was a Filipino jazz pianist. He was called "the Wildman" due to his energetic playing style.
Life.
Born in Bacolod City, Negros Occidental, his first love was the piano (he is self-taught since he was 4 years old) but his mother wanted him to concentrate on schoolwork. He started his professional career as a musician at the age of 14, sneaking out of his second floor bedroom window at night to play gigs. When his mother discovered what he was doing, she shut down the piano and told him to concentrate on homework.
He ran away from home and went to Manila. In Manila he joined jazz groups, and from there he played in Taipei and Hong Kong where he met Mel Tormé, Lionel Hampton, Tito Puente, and Chico Hamilton. He got a job at the Golden Dragon Lounge in Honolulu. In Hawaii he became music director for Don Ho. From 1976 to 1977 he performed with Amapola Cabase in San Francisco, California. This was followed by appearances at the Wagon Wheel and Harrah's Hotel in Lake Tahoe, Nevada.
From 1980 to 1981, he was a sideman for Richie Cole on tour. During the next four years he made several albums for GNP Crescendo.
Enriquez became a born-again Christian in 1993 and spoke of how God had changed his life. He played jazzy hymns at his church in Bayonne, New Jersey. He died at age 53 due to pulmonary embolism on August 6, 1996, in Stayton, Oregon.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Maria Amapola Cabase

</doc>
<doc id="7040406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040406" title="Avenue of Honour">
Avenue of Honour



</doc>
<doc id="7040420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040420" title="Igloo, South Dakota">
Igloo, South Dakota



</doc>
<doc id="7040440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040440" title="Codiaeum variegatum">
Codiaeum variegatum

Codiaeum variegatum (fire croton, garden croton, or variegated croton, or simply 'croton'; syn. "Croton variegatum" ) is a species of "Codiaeum", a genus of flowering plants, in the Euphorbiaceae (the spurge family). Initially described by Carl Linnaeus in 1753, it is native to Australasia and Oceania, from Malaysia and Indonesia in the north through northeastern Australia, as well as many Southeast Asian and South Pacific islands, growing in open forests and scrub. 
The "Codiaeums"' commonly used name of "croton" should not be confused with "Croton", a separate genus—also within the Euphorbiaceae—which contains more than 700 species of cosmopolitan herbs, shrubs, and trees.
Description.
"Codiaeum variegatum" is an evergreen and monoecious tropical shrub growing to tall, with thick, somewhat "leathery" and shiny, alternately arranged leaves. The foliage may measure from long by broad. The shape of mature leaves may appear diamond- or teardrop-shaped, even violin-like or ruler-lanceolate, lanceolate, oblong, elliptical, ovate-inverted, ovate-spatulate. The species is known for its vivid coloration (especially in higher sunlight), displaying almost "tie-dye"-like patterns of green, yellow, and purple, in varying hues and intensity, depending on variety. The petiole has a length of 0.2 to 2.5 cm. Similarly to other euphorbs, the inflorescences are long racemes, long, with male and female flowers separated. Male flowers are white, with five small petals and 20–30 stamens. The pollens are oval in shape and about 52x32 microns in size. The female flowers are yellowish and lacking petals. The blooming period is usually in early autumn, depending on location. The inedible and toxic fruit (for most mammals) is a capsule measuring roughly in diameter, containing three seeds of diameter. 
When broken or cut, every part of "C. variegatum" will "bleed" and drip a milky, caustic sap, eventually drying into a latex-like consistency, as is typical of the Euphorbiaceae. Care must be taken to avoid touching this latex (i.e., only gardening while wearing thick, protective gloves, and eye or sunglasses). 
Cultivation.
In tropical climates, crotons make attractive hedges and potted patio specimens, valued for their striking foliage. They only survive outdoors where temperatures do not normally drop below in winter; colder temperatures can cause leaf loss. In colder climates, the plants are grown in greenhouses or as house plants. The cultivated garden crotons are usually smaller than the wild plant, rarely over tall, and occur in a wide diversity of leaf shapes and colours. They are sometimes grouped under the name "Codiaeum variegatum" var. "pictum" (Lodd.) Müll. Arg., though this is not botanically distinct from the species and usually treated as a synonym of it.
Cultivars.
The several hundred cultivars are selected and bred for their foliage. Depending on the cultivar, the leaves may be ovate to linear, entire to deeply lobed or crinkled, and variegated with green, white, purple, orange, yellow, red, or pink. The colour patterns may follow the veins or the margins, or be in blotches on the leaf. Popular cultivars include 'Spirale', which has spirally twisted red and green leaves; 'Andreanum', which has broadly oval yellow leaves with gold veins and margins; 'Majesticum', which has pendulous branches, with linear leaves up to long with midrib veins yellow maturing to red; and 'Aureo-maculatum', which has leaves spotted with yellow.
Toxicity.
As with the majority of the spurges, when broken or cut, every part of "C. variegatum" will "bleed" and drip a milky, caustic sap, eventually drying into a latex-like consistency. Care must be taken to avoid touching this latex, such as only handling the plant while wearing sufficiently protective gloves, as well as eye goggles or sunglasses. Generally, small, inadvertent drops of the sap on one's hands or skin will cause no ill effect in the majority of the population, provided it is promptly washed off using soapy, warm water—this may even be followed with the use of a hand sanitizer or even a mildly diluted isopropyl alcohol. However, direct contact between the sap of Euphorbiaceae and the eyes, ears, nose, mouth, genitals, or any open wound, is strongly discouraged and may result in unknown side effects. Complications stemming from sap contact may range from mild to extreme burning pain, itchiness, rash or temporary dulling of the senses; depending on the region of the body affected, this sensory reaction may include temporary or long-term complications with sight, hearing, taste, feeling or smell, among other issues. In certain sensitive-skinned individuals, contact with small amounts of the sap can cause contact dermatitis. The entire plant, including its bark, roots, inflorescences and foliage, is poisonous. The primary alkaloid present is the chemical compound 5-desoxyingenol. The plant contains an oil which is violently purgative and a suspected carcinogen. Consumption of the seeds can be fatal to children and even adults.

</doc>
<doc id="7040452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040452" title="Pick Your Brain">
Pick Your Brain

Pick Your Brain is an American syndicated game show that featured children as contestants. The series ran on weekends for one year, debuting on September 18, 1993, and running until May 21, 1994. "Pick Your Brain" was created by Marc Summers, who also served as its host and executive producer. He was assisted by a giant robot named 2-XL, based on the Tiger Electronics toy of the same name and voiced by Greg Berg.
"Pick Your Brain" was produced by Marc Summers Productions and The Summit Media Group, and was distributed by Rysher TPE.
Gameplay.
Three children competed in a three-round game.
Round one.
Round one was a memory-based quiz round. To start, 2-XL gave the children a choice of two characters at the beginning of the round. The children would then vote secretly as to which one they wanted to see. After the children made their selection a short film was shown to them, with Summers either playing the character in question or someone else telling a story about the character. After the film was shown Summers asked a series of seven toss-up questions about it. To answer, a player pushed a brain-shaped buzzer and the first to buzz in got to try the question; players could not buzz in until Summers read the entire question. Only one answer was allowed per question, and any child who gave a correct answer earned 25 points, for a maximum of 175 points if a player got all 7 correct. If someone failed to answer correctly/at all or none of the three children buzzed in, 2-XL would give the answer himself.
At the end of the first round 2-XL asked a question to the home viewers and revealed the answer before the beginning of the second round.
Round two.
In the second round all three players were joined on stage by an adult companion, who would assist them in playing. For this round 2-XL displayed three games in his window and shuffled them randomly. In order to choose a game the child had to hit one of three buttons below the window and played whatever game was displayed. Each game was conducted the same way- all three were worth a maximum of 250 points and the objectives were always to complete as many of five parts as possible.
The combined maximum point total a player could win was 425(175 points in round one and 250 points in round two).
The same three games were always featured:
Round three.
This final round was played as a straight general knowledge quiz. This time, the children raced to light up five brains displayed in a line atop their podium. The first and second place players were given a head start while third place didn't get a headstart, with the leader receiving two free brains and the second place player get one while third place has no free brains . If any of the scores were tied the children received the same amount of brains, corresponding with their place. As in the first round, Summers would read toss-up questions and the players would buzz in to answer. Unlike in the first round, players could interrupt the question, and if a player gave an incorrect answer, the other two could then buzz in and try to answer correctly. The first player to light up all five brains won the game, a $5,000 savings bond for their education (provided by Toys "R" Us), and advanced to the bonus round.
At the end of this round the children were each given a sweatshirt with the name/logo of a college or university they wished to attend when they got older.
Bonus round.
The winning child was rejoined by their adult partner to play this round. 2-XL would display two prizes in his window and shuffle them around randomly. The child was given up to three tries to try and match one of them. One of the prizes was a trip of some sort, while the other was a smaller prize or $1,000. In order to pick a prize the child would hit one of 2-XL's four buttons, which locked the choice and place and couldn't be pressed again once it was hit. Whichever prize the child matched was the one they won.

</doc>
<doc id="7040454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040454" title="Temptation">
Temptation

Temptation is a desire to engage in short-term urges for enjoyment that threatens long-term goals. 
In the context of some religions, temptation is the inclination to sin. Temptation also describes the coaxing or inducing a person into committing such an act, by manipulation or otherwise of curiosity, desire or fear of loss something important to a person.
In the context of self-control and ego depletion, temptation is described as an immediate, pleasurable urge and/or impulse that disrupts an individual's ability to wait for the long-term goals, in which that individual hopes to attain.
More informally, temptation may be used to mean "the state of being attracted and enticed" without anything to do with moral, ethical, or ideological valuation; for example, one may say that a piece of food looks "tempting" even though eating it would result in no negative consequences.
Research suggests that there are paradoxical effects associated with temptation. Implicit in all the forms in which temptation can present itself there is a set of options that may facilitate high moral standards in decision-making. 
Temptations can have effects on long-term goal attainment, it has been found that individuals who experienced temptation and the effects of it found there were benefits to their experiences.
Religious usage.
A research article was written by Vanchai Ariyabuddhiphongs, a professor at Bangkok University, about the motivational and persuasive negative effects of such temptations such as money, that can push one to disregard religious beliefs whether it be Buddhism, Christianity etc.. He says that when given an opportunity at a large amount of money we have a greater chance of harming, stealing, partaking in sexual misconduct, or abusing substances. This idea of money as a negative persuasion tactic in regards to the religions mentioned above, is psychologically proven to affect our cognitive ability to make decisions. Vanchai's article talked solely on Buddhist practices but it is believed that it could be broadened to all beliefs. Our religious beliefs may define who we are as spiritual people, but this article described how an outside source can push those thoughts away and look to benefit us in a way that may include disregarding religion .
In the Eastern Orthodox Christian tradition, temptation is broken down into 6 distinct steps or stages: provocation, momentary disturbance of the intellect, coupling, assent, prepossession, and passion.
Non-religious usage.
Temptation is usually used in a loose sense to describe actions which indicate a lack of self-control. Temptation is something that allures, excites, and seduces someone. Successful endeavors of goal-driven activity is threatened by the tempting nature of immediate pleasure Infatuation can also lead to temptation as someone might do something for "love" in spite of one's better judgement.
In advertising, temptation is a theme common to many of the marketing and advertising techniques used to make products more attractive.
Measuring temptation.
Temptation is measured through indirect and implicit methods. 
Temptation could be measured using experimental constructs of undesirable situations or through a 'self-report' outcome measure of problem behaviors, which leads to the full extent and process of the underlying conflict and the implications that are oftentimes overlooked.
Research has found that components of an assessment that would allow for an individual to precisely understand the influence of self-control and other potential or protective variables on the process, experience, and resolution of temptation.
Expressions of temptation.
Generally individuals experience temptations in both positive and negative terms. For example, there is an individual who may experience temptation in the form of fearing the potential negative implications and consequences that can arise, whether it is in the context of standards or accountability related to the self, society, and/or the transcendent, including condemnation from one's conception of deity, higher power, or sense of responsibility to the universe or nature.
Another example, an individual may view their experience of temptation as an opportunity for growth, it could be intrapersonal growth, interpersonal growth, and/or transcendent growth, which includes recognizing constructive and/or collaborative interactions with the transcendent.
In regards to Spiritual struggle, research argues that the struggle can be looked upon as a gift, as an opportunity for growth, and as a means to improve one's life.
The effects of temptation.
There are valenced effects on a variety of outcomes from temptation. Such as the health and well-being of an individual. There is also the relief of stress that an individual may be experiencing. For example, undesirable, "illicit, and/or transcendent conflicts underlying the successful or failed resolution of the experience of temptation will likely have facilitative or debilitative effects on myriad aspects of physical health, mental health, and well-being".
An individual's experience with temptation may influence a person's future experiences, predict future possibilities, and outcomes.
When an individual is attempting to address or resolve a complex experience of temptation, including transcendent levels and potential negative and positive expressions. For example, "mindfulness, humility, prayer, meditation, reframing, resoluteness, determination,other spiritual and/or positive psychological variables may be facilitators, or perhaps alternatives to, self-control as the primary arbiter of temptation".
Resisting temptation.
Self-control is commonly used by an individual to resist temptation. B. F. Skinner stated 9 methods for achieving this.
Self-control is considered by some to be a limited resource, which is depleted by use. Some believe that self-control can be replenished and thus that the immediate effects of an individual's depleted self-control can be overcome, and that an individual must be able to identify the presence of a temptation (i.e., short-term desire) before self-control can affect an outcome.

</doc>
<doc id="7040456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040456" title="The Birds of Australia (Gould)">
The Birds of Australia (Gould)

The Birds of Australia is a book written by John Gould and published in seven volumes between 1840 and 1848, with a supplement published between 1851 and 1869. It was the first comprehensive survey of the birds of Australia and included descriptions of 681 species, 328 of which were new to Western science and were first described by Gould.
Gould and his wife Elizabeth "née" Coxen travelled to Australia from England in 1838 to prepare the book. They spent a little under two years collecting specimens for the book. John travelled widely and made extensive collections of Australian birds and other fauna. Elizabeth, who had illustrated several of his earlier works, made hundreds of drawings from specimens for publication in "The Birds of Australia."
The plates of the book were produced by lithography, and have been hand-coloured by Gabriel Bayfield's studio. Elizabeth produced 84 plates before she died in 1841, Edward Lear produced one, Benjamin Waterhouse Hawkins contributed one and the remaining 595 plates were produced by H. C. Richter from Elizabeth's drawings and were published under his name. The accompanying letterpress descriptions of the birds are authored by John Gould and were printed by the firm R. &amp; J. E. Taylor.
"Birds of Australia" was issued in parts to subscribers - in all there were 250 subscribers, and so 250 sets of the seven-volume work were printed. A complete sets of original volumes sold at auction in 1996 for more than A$350,000. It was published in a folio format that measures 57cm in height. Of the original 250, 175 of those are now accounted for in institutional collections, and the remaining 75 are in private hands or have been broken up to be sold as individual prints.
The work was preceded by Gould's A Synopsis of the Birds of Australia, intended as a promotion for the sale of subscriptions to the larger work. The coloured plates included montages of birds heads, crops of illustrations by Elizabeth Gould or artwork that Gould purchased from Edward Lear. Lear sold illustrations he had not included in his celebrated works to Gould, such as "Illustrations of the Family of Psittacidae, or Parrots", and Gould in turn printed the images in reverse and amongst the works of other artists; the lack of attribution to Lear and others is thought to have been Gould's assumption of authorship by his purchase of their works.
In 1865 Gould published a revised and updated version of the text of "The Birds of Australia" in the two-volume "Handbook to the Birds of Australia".

</doc>
<doc id="7040464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040464" title="Australian aboriginal kinship systems">
Australian aboriginal kinship systems



</doc>
<doc id="7040482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040482" title="Lauderdale Football Club">
Lauderdale Football Club

Lauderdale Football Club is an Australian rules football club based in the Hobart, beachside suburb of Lauderdale.
History.
The Lauderdale Football Club was formed in 1979 and were known as the Lauderdale Magpies, competing in the Tasman Football Association for two seasons. 
In 1981, the club changed their emblem and uniform to the Cats and joined the Tasmanian Amateur Football League (Southern Division) where they remained until that competition collapsed after the 1995 season. 
Lauderdale joined the new Southern Tasmanian Football League (now known as the SFL) in 1996, it remained as the Cats until 2004 when Australian Football League team Essendon Bombers aligned with Lauderdale, changing the club's name to the Lauderdale Bombers.
The club was a founding member of the Southern Tasmanian Football League in 1996 after previously being a member of the Tasman Football Association (1979–80) and Tasmanian Amateur Football League (Southern Division) from 1981-1995. 
The club won their only senior premiership title in the 1991 TAFL (Southern Division) Grand Final over Claremont at Abbotsfield Park and were runners up (to Claremont) at the same venue in 1993.
The Southern Tasmanian Football League changed its name in 1998 to the Southern Football League. 
In the years between 1996 and 2001, Lauderdale had little success and struggled with a success rate of just 30.2%. 
In 2002, the league was split into two divisions and Lauderdale was placed into the Regional League. 
The club finally had some success, making the Grand Final in both 2002 and 2003. 
Although beaten by Cygnet in both of the club's Grand Final appearances it was parachuted into joining the SFL Premier League to replace Sorell Football Club, who went into recess prior to the 2003 season and rejoined the competition the following year, this time in the Regional League. The Essendon alignment coincided with the clubs entry into the Southern Football League's Premier League and the club started the 2004 season as the Lauderdale Bombers. 
After disappointing campaigns in 2004, 2005 and 2006 the Bombers finally started to make inroads into the competition in 2007, missing the final five by only 12% from Hobart and collected some impressive scalps along the way, beating both Clarence and North Hobart during the roster season and finished fourth in 2008 finals series. 
In 2009 the club joined the new Tasmanian State League and were a highly competitive outfit for much of the competition's sixteen year stint, making Grand Final appearances on four occasions between 2017 and 2024, however they were unable to capture a premiership title in that time. 
After the axing of the Tasmanian State League following the 2024 season, the Bombers rejoined the Southern Football League (Tasmania) from the start of the 2025 season as a member of the SFL Premier League.
Identity.
Guernsey and colours.
This is the current 2009 jumper design. From 2009 a clash jumper was introduced to be worn against the North Launceston Bombers.
The Lauderdale Football Club were originally known as the Cats and wore a blue and white hooped jumper until becoming the Bombers in 2005. The current clash jumper is a homage to the clubs historical colours and moniker.
Club song.
The Club's theme song is the same as Essendon's theme song and is named ""See the Bombers Fly Up" and is based on the tune of Johnnie Hamp's 1929 song "Keep Your Sunny Side Up"" at an increased tempo. The lyrics are as follows:
"See the Bombers fly up, up!"
"To win the premiership flag."
"Our boys who play this grand old game,"
"Are always striving for glory and fame!"
"See the Bombers fly up, up,"
"The other teams they don't fear,"
"They all try their best,"
"But they can't get near,"
"As the Bombers fly up!"
Club Records.
Southern Football League – Premiers 
Southern Football League – Runner-Up
Tasmanian State League – Premiers
Tasmanian State League – Runner-Up
Tasmanian Amateur FL – Premiers
Tasmanian Amateur FL – Runner-Up
Alistair Lynch Medalists: (TSL)
TSL Media Player of the Year:
Walter Howard Medalists: (TAFL)
Lefroy Medalist (BOG in a State Game):
Peter Hodgman Medalists: SFL Regional
Club Record Games Holder:
Club Record Attendance:
Club Record Score:
The club.
Home ground:
Colours:
Emblem:

</doc>
<doc id="7040495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040495" title="Breathless (Shankar Mahadevan album)">
Breathless (Shankar Mahadevan album)

Breathless is the 1998 debut Indi-pop studio album by Indian singer-composer Shankar Mahadevan with the tracks written by lyricist Javed Akhtar. It was the album that first made Shankar Mahadevan famous.
The title track "Breathless", is a steady stream of a song that goes on without a break, stanzas or verse. However, Shankar didn't sing in one continuous breath. The song's audibly unbroken flow is achieved through studio editing and clever manipulation of the recording. Shankar has confirmed that he recorded different sections of the song and then pieced them together in post-production. He revealed multiple times that it's a concept song in a raga with free improvisation. During the writing, Shankar gave a meter to Javed for writing the lyrics while catching the meter and Javed gave him four sheets of the lyrics which looked like a magazine article with which Shankar felt challenged.
The final track "Breathless (The Reprise)", is a similar song whose story takes off from where "Breathless" ended.
The album won the award for Best Non-film album at the 1998 Screen Awards.
Reception.
The music album was a huge success, selling over 300,000 copies and topped all major music charts in India for about 10 straight weeks.
Music video.
The music video of the title song "Breathless" was directed by Farhan Akhtar and his sister Zoya Akhtar. Shankar himself appears in the video with actress Renu Desai. This was the beginning of a long association, as Shankar, along with Ehsaan Noorani and Loy Mendonsa (as Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy), went on to score music for all of the films directed by Farhan and Zoya Akhtar.
Recreation.
In 2018, Mahadevan recreated the song to highlight the programmes and initiatives of the Narendra Modi-led government.

</doc>
<doc id="7040504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040504" title="1026 Ingrid">
1026 Ingrid

1026 Ingrid, provisional designation , is a stony Florian asteroid and long-lost minor planet (1923–1986) from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 7 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered by Karl Reinmuth at Heidelberg in 1923, and later named after Ingrid, niece and godchild of astronomer Albrecht Kahrstedt.
Discovery and recovery.
"Ingrid" was discovered on 13 August 1923, by German astronomer Karl Reinmuth at the Heidelberg-Königstuhl State Observatory in southwest Germany. The asteroid was observed for only a few days during August 1923, before it became a lost minor planet for nearly 63 years until its recovery by Japanese astronomer Syuichi Nakano in 1986.
Nakano was able to show that "Ingrid" had been observed and provisionally designated several times during its lost period: as at the discovering Heidelberg Observatory in October 1957, possibly as at Goethe Link Observatory in April 1963, as at the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory in November 1981, and as at Palomar Observatory in March 1986.
With the recovery of "Ingrid" in 1986, and the almost simultaneously recovered asteroid 1179 Mally, the list of long-lost numbered asteroids was reduced to four. The last remaining lost asteroid, 69230 Hermes, was recovered in 2003.
Orbit and classification.
"Ingrid" is a member of the Flora family (), a giant asteroid family and the largest family of stony asteroids. It orbits the Sun in the inner main-belt at a distance of 1.8–2.7 AU once every 3 years and 5 months (1,237 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.18 and an inclination of 5° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins at Heidelberg, one night after its official discovery observation in 1923.
Physical characteristics.
"Ingrid" is an assumed S-type asteroid, in-line with the Flora family's spectral type.
Rotation period.
A rotational lightcurve of "Ingrid" was obtained from photometric observations by a group of Hungarian astronomers. The 2005-published lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of 5 hours with a brightness variation of 0.5 magnitude ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, "Ingrid" measures between 5.73 and 7.67 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.1441 and 0.43.
The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" assumes an albedo of 0.24 – derived from 8 Flora, the largest member and namesake of the Flora family – and calculates a diameter of 8.19 kilometers based an absolute magnitude of 12.6.
Naming.
This minor planet was named after Ingrid, niece and godchild of Albrecht Kahrstedt (1897–1971), a German astronomer at ARI and director of the institute's Potsdam division, who requested the naming of this asteroid and 984 Gretia (mother of Ingrid) in a personal letter to the discoverer in February 1926. Kahrstedt himself was honored with the naming of .
The official naming citation was mentioned in "The Names of the Minor Planets" by Paul Herget in 1955 (). Lutz Schmadel quoted an excerpt of Kahrstedt's letter in his "Dictionary of Minor Planet Names" (LDS).

</doc>
<doc id="7040505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040505" title="1882 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1882 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 1882 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 7, 1882 to select the governor of the state of South Carolina. Hugh Smith Thompson was nominated by the Democrats and ran against J. Hendrix McLane, a Greenback-Labor candidate. Thompson easily won the general election and became the 81st governor of South Carolina.
Democratic Convention.
Campaign.
Governor Johnson Hagood chose not to seek reelection in 1882 and two former generals in the Confederate Army emerged as the frontrunners, Lieutenant Governor John Kennedy and Comptroller General John Bratton. Both men were loyal followers of Wade Hampton, neither had supported Martin Witherspoon Gary, and both were dedicated Democrats. However, many in the state wanted a new direction and the candidacy of George D. Tillman quickly gained pace. Others feared that an intra-party fight over the nomination would bring back Radical Republican rule and only the return of Senator Hampton could save the party. Even so, both Tillman and Hampton declined and chose to continue their representation in the Congress.
Hugh Smith Thompson, the state Superintendent of Education since 1876, had declined to be a candidate for governor and instead lobbied for the presidency of South Carolina College. However, with the opening of the state Democratic convention in August, Thompson was nominated for governor alongside Kennedy and Bratton. After the second ballot with momentum in Thompson's favor, both Kennedy and Bratton withdrew their names thus allowing Thompson to be the Democrats nominee for the general election.
Greenback-Labor Convention.
Following their disastrous defeat in the gubernatorial election of 1880, the Greenback-Labor party members met with state Republican leaders to fuse and offer a joint ticket for the general election. In a January interview with the News and Courier, McLane stated that the Greenbacks would get 150,000 votes in the general election and sweep the statewide offices.
A convention for the Greenbacks was held in Columbia with over one hundred delegates from 22 counties, even including a Democratic state senator. McLane was nominated for the governorship and candidates were fielded for six of the seven congressional districts, the seventh district being a heavily black district held by the Republicans.
The platform outlined by the Greenbacks for the election was:
General election.
The general election was held on November 7, 1882 and Hugh Smith Thompson was elected as governor of South Carolina with nominal opposition. Turnout was less than the previous gubernatorial election because of the increasingly uncompetitive nature of the election in South Carolina.
 

</doc>
<doc id="7040506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040506" title="Farmers Group, Inc">
Farmers Group, Inc



</doc>
<doc id="7040523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040523" title="Provinces of the Phillipines">
Provinces of the Phillipines



</doc>
<doc id="7040535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040535" title="Arsenal (weaponry)">
Arsenal (weaponry)



</doc>
<doc id="7040536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040536" title="APCO-16">
APCO-16

In telecommunications, APCO-16, (sometimes APCO Project 16 or Project 16) is a US standard for the characteristics and capabilities of public safety trunked radio systems.
The standard development effort was started in the 1970s by the APCO, a trade association of mostly police and fire service providers. The program was funded by the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration (LEAA), a part of the US Department of Justice.
Details.
APCO-16 describes such characteristics and capabilities as:
With the Federal Communications Commission's pending release of the first 800 MHz band licenses, the LEAA funded a project to develop required capabilities and standards needed in trunked public safety two-way radio systems. The report defined proposed methods for frequency reuse, coordination, and interference reduction. The standards also gained acceptance in businesses such as Specialized Mobile Radio, utility communications systems, and refineries.
The study concluded that those frequencies would be suitable for Public Safety mobile radio uses. The study recognized that certain technical problems like "picket fencing", foliage interference and abrupt signal fall out posed some minor problems, also addressed concerns about health effects from 800 MHz transmitters but did not reveal definitive findings. The availability of the significant additional spectrum and the long term possibility of the eventual collocation of nearly all Public Safety communications into one segment of the spectrum far outweighed these problems.
While the program succeeded in creating basic performance standards and feature sets, it failed to create a signaling standard. The result: three companies built APCO Project 16 compliant systems but radios from each manufacturer were incompatible with one another. In California, for example, University of California, Riverside bought a Motorola system and the County of Riverside purchased a General Electric. In order to communicate, some patch or other custom-built link would have to be installed. Intercommunication was possible but not seamless.
A by product of the work on Project 16 was the recognition that the problems of interagency cooperation inherent in the then standard allocations of separate frequencies to separate functions and agencies in the Public Safety Service might be solved by the use of digital addressing, trunking techniques.
Project 16A.
A follow-on project titled APCO Project 16A was funded by a second LEAA grant. It addressed a proposal to open the 800 MHz band. This program defined technical details such as "channel access time," "system growth capability," and "reliability." Project 16A identified the organizational advantages that would accrue from assigning individual unit addresses and adding another "group" address element.
The group element would permit routine unit communications privacy among members of a group while permitting the intercommunications between groups as controlled by a central "group assignment" controller. The extent of the scope of such intra unit coordination would be limited only by the design of the management structure involved and limitations of the addressing and control mechanism technology.
Project 16B.
A third LEAA grant funded Project 16B, "Draft System Implementation Plans for Participating Communities," which addressed how such a system might be implemented in four US cities. This project was funded as a study by the LEAA but actual hardware funding was never authorized.

</doc>
<doc id="7040547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040547" title="Kentucky Route 1683">
Kentucky Route 1683

Kentucky Route 1683 (KY 1683) was a former state highway that ran from Clays Mill Road to US 27 (Nicholasville Road) in Lexington, Kentucky. Its former routing was from the entrance of Jessie M. Clark Middle School and followed along what is now Vincent Way to West Reynolds Road. In 1999, a new four-lane urban arterial opened from Clays Mill to the Norfolk Southern Railway underpass; this included a new traffic circle with Keithshire Way, the first in the city. Part of the old West Reynolds Road was renamed Vincent Way.
History.
Ownership transferred from the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet to the city of Lexington on June 9, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="7040551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040551" title="Bob Franken">
Bob Franken

Robert E. "Bob" Franken (born 1941) is an American journalist and frequent guest on MSNBC. Franken was CNN's primary correspondent in President Clinton's impeachment. He specializes in political reporting and often uses puns in his commentaries. In early 2007 Franken's contract was not renewed by CNN and he moved to rival MSNBC.
After leaving the University of Wisconsin after his freshman year, Franken began his career as news director at Marshfield, Wisconsin radio station WDLB. Then from 1970 to 1979, Franken was a news reporter at WJW-TV, then a CBS-TV affiliate in Cleveland. Franken reported on the great blizzards of 1977 and 1978 there, the financial default of the city, and the desegregation of the Cleveland Public Schools ruling by the late U.S. District Court Judge Frank J. Battisti. For his coverage of the Cleveland mayoral recall election of 1978, Franken won an Emmy Award. Franken became a reporter and bureau manager for Pittsburgh television station WPXI in 1981 and then became assignment editor and producer with the CBS News bureau in Washington, D.C. in 1983.
He covered combat in both Iraq wars, the White House during George W. Bush's presidency, the Clinton scandals, and the Supreme Court and Congress for ten years. He also reported extensively on the Guantanamo Bay prison camp.
He is a cousin of former Minnesota Senator Al Franken.

</doc>
<doc id="7040555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040555" title="Matthias Höfs">
Matthias Höfs

Matthias Höfs (born 1965 in Lübeck, Germany) is a German trumpeter.
Education.
When he was six years old, Höfs received his first trumpet and played in the wind band of the sports club of the city of Lübeck, Germany. In 1975, when he was ten years old, he began studying the trumpet with Professor Peter Kallensee. In 1982 he enrolled at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hamburg, where he continued his studies with Prof. Kallensee. In 1984 he transferred to the Karajan Academy of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra to study with Professor Konradin Groth. He graduated with distinction.
Professional life.
Upon graduation in 1984, he became the first trumpet with the Philharmoniker Hamburg. He joined the chamber ensemble the German Brass in 1985, as well as participating in chamber ensembles including the Linos Ensemble, the Deutschen Bläsersolisten, the Ensemble Villa Musica, and the Deutsche Kammerphilharmonie Bremen. He won several solo competitions, including the Hanseatic City Cultural Prize of Lübeck, Eduard Söhring prize in 1988 and the International Music Championship hosted in Markneukirchen. He also received scholarships from the German Musical Council and the Mozart Society. He released his first CD in 1995, "Un Concerto Italiano" (An Italian Concert). His role in the German Brass changed to include arranging for the group (with Enrique Crespo) as well as being a soloist.
Teaching.
In 2000, he left his position as soloist at the Philharmonic State Orchestra Hamburg to become professor of trumpet at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater in Hamburg. He has had guest professorships at music schools in several countries, including the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. He continues to work in Hamburg today with students from several countries, many of whom already hold orchestral positions.
Recordings.
Höfs has recorded seven albums of trumpet music under his own name, as well as being featured playing Hindemith's Concerto for bassoon, trumpet, and strings with the Kammerakademie Potsdam. His recorded repertoire includes baroque and contemporary, and his latest recording features music written by composer Wolf Kerschek.
Equipment.
Höfs plays on custom trumpets made by the Thein brothers in Bremen, Germany. He has helped design many of his own horns, as well as the commercially available MH One.

</doc>
<doc id="7040570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040570" title="1027 Aesculapia">
1027 Aesculapia

1027 Aesculapia, provisional designation , is a Themistian asteroid from the outer region of the asteroid belt, approximately 33 kilometers in diameter.
It was discovered on 11 November 1923, by Belgian–American astronomer George Van Biesbroeck at Yerkes Observatory in Williams Bay, Wisconsin, United States. It is named for Aesculapius, the god of medicine in Greek mythology.
Classification and orbit.
"Aesculapia" is a member of the Themis family, a dynamical group of carbonaceous outer-belt asteroids which are known for their nearly coplanar ecliptical orbits. It orbits the Sun at a distance of 2.7–3.6 AU once every 5 years and 7 months (2,044 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.13 and an inclination of 1° with respect to the ecliptic.
In 1889, it was first identified as at Harvard Observatory's Boyden Station in Arequipa, Peru. The body's observation arc begins at Heidelberg in 1908, when it was identified as , 15 years prior to its official discovery observation at Williams Bay.
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite, and NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, "Aesculapia" measures between 31.225 and 38.55 kilometers in diameter, and its surface has an albedo between and 0.06 and 0.129.
The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" (CALL) derives an albedo of 0.075 and a diameter of 32.05 kilometers with an absolute magnitude of 10.9. Despite the body's low albedo, CALL classifies "Aesculapia" as a S-type rather than a C-type asteroid.
Photometry.
In the last 20 years, photometric observations of "Aesculapia" gave several rotational lightcurves with significantly divergent rotation periods. First results obtained by Chester Maleszewski and René Roy were only fragmentary or incorrect (). Photometry at the Palomar Transient Factory and observations by Astronomer Steven Ehlert gave a period of 9.791 and 19.506 hours with a brightness amplitude of 0.09 and 0.19 magnitude, respectively (). CALL currently adopts a lightcurve obtained by Kylie Hess at Oakley Southern Sky Observatory in March 2015, which gave a period of 13.529 hours and a brightness variation of 0.09 magnitude ().
Naming.
This minor planet was named for Aesculapius, the Greek and Roman demigod of medicine and healing, son of Apollo and Coronis, after whom the asteroids 158 Koronis and 1862 Apollo are named, respectively. Naming citation was first mentioned in "The Names of the Minor Planets" by Paul Herget in 1955 ().

</doc>
<doc id="7040583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040583" title="First Australian Imperial Force dental units">
First Australian Imperial Force dental units

The First Australian Imperial Force (AIF) was one of the first military forces to care for soldiers' teeth, and raised a large number of specialist dental units during World War I.
History.
As originally formed, the AIF did not include any dentists, with dental care of soldiers being made part of the duties of the force's medical officers. Dentists and dental mechanics who enlisted in the AIF also provided dental care on an unofficial basis.
The AIF's experiences in the Gallipoli Campaign showed the need for proper dental care of soldiers. Accordingly, 36 dental units were raised between January and April 1916 from qualified personnel already serving within the AIF. Each unit comprised a dentist, two dental mechanics and an orderly. These men were all members of the Australian Dental Corps.
By the end of the war, 118 dental units had been formed and many of the AIF's formation headquarters had highly ranked dental staff officers. The dental units were usually attached to base camps or specialist medical units and hospitals. The AIF was the only Allied force of World War I to form specialised dental units, with dental teams in the other national armies being integrated into general-purpose medical units.

</doc>
<doc id="7040590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040590" title="Akinci">
Akinci

Akinci or Akıncı may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7040597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040597" title="Nightrider (ELO single)">
Nightrider (ELO single)



</doc>
<doc id="7040610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040610" title="Westcott and hort">
Westcott and hort



</doc>
<doc id="7040617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040617" title="KOL's Saturday Morning Secret Slumber Party on CBS">
KOL's Saturday Morning Secret Slumber Party on CBS



</doc>
<doc id="7040625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040625" title="Sacral hiatus">
Sacral hiatus



</doc>
<doc id="7040631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040631" title="Fly rod building">
Fly rod building

Fly rod building is the art of constructing a fly fishing rod to match the performance desires of the individual angler. Fly rods are usually made of graphite or cane poles. There are several commercial manufacturers of fly rods, including Echo, Hardy, Zephrus, G. Loomis, Orvis, Reddington, Sage, Scott, St. Croix, Temple Fork Outfitters, and R. L. Winston; however, many individuals make fly rods for personal pleasure or profit.
Construction and assembly.
Rod blank.
Construction of a fly rod starts with the rod blank. The blank is a pole, typically graphite, that forms the core of the rod. Rod blanks are purchased from any one of a number of suppliers. Selection of the appropriate rod blank consists of choosing the weight, length, number of sections and action. 
Rod blanks can be purchased with guide locations preset for the individual rod or placed by hand. Rod sections tend to be directional, wanting to flex in a certain direction over others. Rod builders usually test each rod section to find the point of greatest flex (aka spinning the rod) so that guides can be aligned along it. With the placement around the rod determined, the rod builder next determines where along the length of the rod to place the guides. This is usually done by taping the guides onto the rod, stringing the rod, flexing it and moving each guide to achieve the best fit to the rod's natural flex.
Guides have 'feet' or extensions that lie flat against the rod surface. The feet are secured to the rod by wrapping them with nylon or silk thread. Once all the guides are secured, they are coated with a slow-cure epoxy. The rod is constantly turned during the curing process so that the epoxy cures in a uniform manner with no bulges or sags.
Handle.
Once the rod blank is chosen the handle is attached. Most handles are made of cork. Each handle consists of a series of cork rings glued together and turned in a lathe. Handles can be purchased complete or the rod builder may purchase cork rings and build the handle. The handles must be hollowed out to match the taper of the rod so that they fit snugly. They are then glued into place. Many times the handle is finished off with a 'winding check' being glued in place. The winding check is an aluminium or rubber ring that is the diameter of the rod where the pole side of the handle meets the pole. The winding check protects the cork from chipping where it meets the rod and also provides a finish to the look of the rod.
With handle attached to the rod, the guides can be placed. The number of guides varies according to the designer and the length of the rod. Most rods have one more guide than the number of feet of rod length, not including the top guide. Guides must be placed carefully on the rod so as to get the best action out of the graphite. The builder must first locate the spine on each section. The guides then will be attached along the spine, or more often along a line opposite it. Guides come in many different grades and materials with the objective of providing the best combination of flex with the rod, hardness to reduce wear from the line action, and polish to make the line slip through the guide easily.
Reel seat.
Finally the reel seat is attached to the butt end of the rod. Reel seats are typically made of aluminium or nickel-silver alloy. They come as an assembled unit or as a skeleton. A skeleton is a set of metal components that fit onto a wood or graphite core and are assembled into a complete reel seat. The advantage of the skeleton is that the designer can make or choose an insert of their choosing. Inserts are sold from a variety of materials from simple inexpensive woods to exotic hardwoods. The reel seat usually has an inside diameter significantly larger than the outside diameter of the rod blank butt forcing the rod builder to build up the butt to match the reel seat. This is usually done by simply creating rings of masking tape around the rod blank butt. The reel seat is then slipped onto the blank butt and epoxied into place. 
Additionally, many fly rod builders adorn their own hand constructed fly rods with unique decorative thread wrappings and other distinguishing characteristics.

</doc>
<doc id="7040635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040635" title="Westcott &amp; Hort">
Westcott &amp; Hort



</doc>
<doc id="7040636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040636" title="1028 Lydina">
1028 Lydina

1028 Lydina, provisional designation , is a carbonaceous background asteroid and member of the Cybele group from the outermost regions of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered at the Simeiz Observatory on the Crimean peninsula on 6 November 1923, by Soviet astronomer Vladimir Albitsky, who named it after his wife, Lydia Il'inichna Albitskaya. The dark C-type asteroid has a rotation period of 11.68 hours.
Orbit and classification.
"Lydina" is a non-family asteroid from the main belt's background population when applying the hierarchical clustering method to its proper orbital elements. Based on osculating Keplerian orbital elements, the asteroid is considered a member of the dynamical Cybele group, which are asteroid with low orbital inclinations and eccentricities, and with a semi-major axis between 3.3 and 3.5 AU, near the 4:7 orbital resonance with Jupiter.
It orbits the Sun in the outermost asteroid belt at a distance of 3.0–3.8 AU once every 6 years and 3 months (2,297 days; semi-major axis of 3.41 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.11 and an inclination of 9° with respect to the ecliptic.
The body's observation arc begins with its first observation as at Heidelberg Observatory in May 1907, more than 16 years prior to its official discovery observation at Simeiz.
Physical characteristics.
In the Tholen, "Lydina" is a carbonaceous C-type asteroid.
Rotation period.
In November 2011, a rotational lightcurve of "Lydina" was obtained from photometric observations by Robert Stephens at his Santana Observatory in California. Lightcurve analysis gave a well-defined rotation period of 11.680 hours with a brightness variation of 0.22 magnitude (). Observations at the Italian Bassano Bresciano Observatory in December 2011 measured a concurring period 11.674 with an amplitude of 0.30 magnitude (). A previous observations at the Pico dos Dias Observatory , Brasil, gave a period of 15.69 hours, which Stephens interpreted as a 4:3-alias period solution of his results. A provisional lightcurve from March 2007, obtained by French amateur astronomers Pierre Antonini and Jean-Gabriel Bosch (48 hours) is of poor quality ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, "Lydina" measures between 71.38 and 97.18 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.0318 and 0.0586.
The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" adopts the results obtained by IRAS, that is, an albedo of 0.0586 and a diameter of 71.38 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 9.43.
1028 Lydina has been observed to occult 5 stars between 2000 and 2023.
Naming.
This minor planet was named after Lydia Il'inichna Albitskaya, wife of the discoverer Vladimir Albitsky (1891–1952). No accurate naming citation was given for this asteroid in "The Names of the Minor Planets". The author of the "Dictionary of Minor Planets", Lutz Schmadel, learned about the naming circumstances from Nikolai Chernykh (1931–2004), who was himself a prolific long-time astronomer at Nauchnij, Crimea.

</doc>
<doc id="7040647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040647" title="Kenji Jasper">
Kenji Jasper

Kenji Jasper (born 1975) is an American writer and journalist. He has worked in writing and journalism for over 20 years.
Early life and career, and education.
Kenji Jasper was born in 1975 and was raised in Fairfax Village in southeast Washington, D.C. He attended Thomas Jefferson Middle School and Benjamin Banneker Academic High School.
His career begin with an article as an intern for "The Washington Informer" newspaper at the age of 13. A year later at age 14, he became a contributor to Black Entertainment Television's "YSB" magazine, and later worked as a writer and instructor at The Institute for the Preservation and Study of African American Writing. He also served as an on-air personality for WTTG Fox 5's "Newsbag" (1986 to 1987), and later as one of the founding cast members of Black Entertainment Television's Teen Summit (1989 to 1993).
Jasper got a degree from Morehouse College in 1997. By the time he graduated from college, his journalism had appeared in "VIBE", "Essence", "The Village Voice", "Upscale", "The Charlotte Observer", "The San Diego Union Tribune", and "The Atlanta Tribune".
Career.
He wrote his first novel, "Dark", at the age of 21. It has since been released in the United Kingdom and translated into French. It was later optioned to be made into a film by State Street Pictures ("Soul Food", "Barbershop", "Roll Bounce") and Fox Searchlight Pictures.
His second novel, "Dakota Grand", was published in September 2002 and was praised by "Publishers Weekly", "VIBE", "Essence", "The Chicago Sun-Times" and Africana.com. His third novel, "Seeking Salamanca Mitchell", was published in July 2004."The House on Childress Street", a memoir about his maternal grandfather, grandmother and their children, was published in 2005. He co-edited and contributed to "Beats, Rhymes and Life: What We Love and Hate About Hip-Hop", a critical collection anthology of critical writings on hip-hop culture, co-edited by Ytasha Womack, which was published by Harlem Moon Books in 2007. Jasper's fourth novel, "Snow", was published in 2007 by VIBE Books.
Jasper has contributed articles and essays to National Public Radio, "The Village Voice", "VIBE", "The Charlotte Observer", "The Chicago Sun-Times" and "Essence" among many other publications. In the early 2000s he was co-editing "Beats, Rhymes and Life", a collection of critical writings on hip-hop culture, with writer and director Ytasha Womack, for publication in May 2007. He was also the CEO and Editor of The Armory, a publishing partnership with Akashic Books. Its first release, "Got" by first-time author D, was published in 2007. Jasper published "The House on Childress Street" in January 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="7040680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040680" title="Siege of Limerick 1642">
Siege of Limerick 1642



</doc>
<doc id="7040710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040710" title="History of the Time Lords">
History of the Time Lords



</doc>
<doc id="7040713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040713" title="Kentucky Route 2903">
Kentucky Route 2903



</doc>
<doc id="7040716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040716" title="1884 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1884 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 1884 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 1884, to select the governor of the state of South Carolina. Governor Hugh Smith Thompson was renominated by the Democrats and was reelected for a second two-year term.
Democratic Convention.
Governor Hugh Smith Thompson had made no enemies during his first term as governor and no opposition to his nomination developed at the state Democratic convention of 1884. Thompson was then renominated by acclamation to be the Democratic nominee for governor in the general election, effectively meaning that he would serve two more years since there was no opposition in the general election.
General election.
The general election was held on November 4, 1884, and Hugh Smith Thompson was elected as governor of South Carolina without opposition. Turnout was less than the previous gubernatorial election because of the lack of opposition in the general election.
 

</doc>
<doc id="7040717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040717" title="Westgate Entertainment District">
Westgate Entertainment District

Westgate Entertainment District, formerly known as "Westgate City Center" is a mixed-use development in Glendale, Arizona. Westgate is described as a super-regional destination for shopping, dining, entertainment, and commercial offices. Funded by millionaire New York architect Ron Elsensohn and anchored by the Desert Diamond Arena, the former home of the NHL team Arizona Coyotes, the complex has of retail space and is one of the premier entertainment destinations in the region, attracting over 22 million visitors annually. In 2011, the property went into foreclosure and reverted to lenders. The shopping center was reopened under the name Westgate Entertainment District, operated by Vestar Capital Partners, which also manages other properties in the Phoenix area.
Development.
Glendale Arizona's Westgate Entertainment District is a , mixed-used development that was originally proposed to include of shopping, dining, entertainment, high-end condominiums, parks, and office space. It is anchored by Desert Diamond Arena, former home of the Arizona Coyotes, and next to State Farm Stadium, home to the NFL's Arizona Cardinals, the Fiesta Bowl and host of Super Bowl XLII, Super Bowl XLIX and Super Bowl LVII.
Development of Westgate Entertainment District began with the construction of the Desert Diamond Arena, then referred to as the Glendale Arena. Construction of the Arena was completed in late 2003 and it hosted its first NHL game on December 27 of that same year, while construction of the remainder of Westgate's Entertainment District began in October 2005, opening one year later. The Coyotes played their final game in Glendale on April 29, 2022, and rallied from a 4-goal deficit to defeat the Nashville Predators 5 to 4.
The project has been split into multiple phases to facilitate construction and development. Phase I, the initial development, opened to the public on November 17, 2006, in limited fashion with only a few restaurants and a sports merchandise store, with other retailers, restaurants and a 20-screen theater opening in the following weeks. Phase I also includes an upmarket 12-story Renaissance Hotel completed in mid-2007, and a convention center, as well as outdoor entertainment facilities. Westgate Entertainment District is now home to more than 30 bars and restaurants as well as a mix of national, regional and local retailers.
Phase II was proposed to add an estimated retail destination center and of "neighborhood retail" to be integrated into a 440-unit residential district.
As of 2022 only a Dave and Busters and some hotels and restaurants have been completed on the perimeter of the Westgate Entertainment District. The development of future phases will be contingent upon market demand and is yet to be scheduled, although original estimated completion dates ranged from 2010 to 2015 at a potential total cost of $1 billion.
Foreclosure.
In June 2011, the Westgate Entertainment District development received notices of foreclosure. Part of the reason given for the foreclosure was the uncertainty around the Phoenix Coyotes since the team filed bankruptcy in 2009. The Center remained open. The Steve Ellman companies attempted to reschedule debt on the center to prevent part or all of the center from being be sold to settle debt to lenders. Ellman acquired Westgate in 2006 by swapping his ownership in the Coyotes for Jerry Moyes' ownership share of Westgate. Ellman had moved the Coyotes to Glendale in 2003 from the Footprint Center after failing to get an arena built at the former Los Arcos Mall in Scottsdale. Two auctions were scheduled for foreclosed Entertainment District properties. The first auction, held on September 19, 2011, is for properties securing a $97.5 million loan from iStar Financial. The auction failed to sell at a reserve price of $40 million, and the property has become the property of iStar Financial. A second auction was held on November 3, 2011, for properties securing a $202 million loan from Credit Suisse. This is for , which is currently mostly parking lots. No bidder came forward to purchase the properties for the minimum $25 million price, and the properties were retained by Credit Suisse.
In November 2011, iStar Financial named Vestar Development Company as the new property managers of the complex. At the time, Westgate retail space was 75% leased and office space 50% leased. Vestar is charged with improving the occupancy rate and improving "foot traffic on non-peak days when the arenas are dark". iStar intends to hold onto Westgate for the long-term, and is not looking for a new owner of the property.
Attractions.
Westgate was built around Desert Diamond Arena, which is its primary attraction. Although not a part of the development, State Farm Stadium, home of the Arizona Cardinals, is located directly adjacent to the development. Management of both Westgate and State Farm Stadium have cited their proximity as creating a synergistic boom to the area. Although not within Westgate's borders, the camping, fishing, and hunting retailer Cabela's can be found adjacent to the development and draws visitors to the Westgate Entertainment District each year.
Next to the arena and central to the project is WaterDance Plaza, an events plaza featuring a "dancing fountain" display, costing some $5 million to construct. The fountain was inspired by the more elaborate display at the Bellagio casino in Las Vegas and has been described as "Bellagio-esque.".
Cooperating with media giant Clear Channel Communications, the development also includes 30 large electronic signs, some in excess of 100 feet (30 m). The agglomeration of electronic signage and media boards, said to be the largest "Media &amp; Signage District" west of Times Square has earned it the nickname "Times Square of the West."
Events.
As home of the Gila River Arena, a number of events are held at Westgate Entertainment District. Often visitors waiting for events such as concerts, conventions, and sports held in the arenas will spend time in Westgate while waiting for the events to begin. The Center itself is the host of a number of independent events. Westgate hosted its first major event, Westgate Rocks on December 31, 2006, the first premiere New Year's block party to be featured on Phoenix's west side. An estimated 7,500 people attended the party. In addition, Westgate is home to the annual AVP pro volleyball tournament, Action Sports extreme sporting events, Miller Lite Tailgate Parties before Cardinals home games, monthly farmers markets, live entertainment in Fountain Park, and high-end art exhibitions. A small comedy club, Stir Crazy Comedy Club, joined Westgate in 2017.
Westgate has also become home to a number of smaller-scale block parties to cheer on local American Idol contestant Jordin Sparks. Recent block parties related to the show have drawn over 700 people.
The New Year's Eve block party tradition ended in 2011, when the new property managers announced that it would not be held on December 31, 2011. The managers would support restaurants and bars that held parties. The managers increased December holiday events instead.
2020 shooting.
On May 20, 2020, a shooting took place at the Westgate Entertainment District. The gunman, armed with a black AR-15 rifle, shot and injured two people in front of a restaurant, fired additional shots, and then shot a third person in a parking lot. He then surrendered to responding police officers. The victims were a 19-year-old man who was critically wounded, a 16-year-old girl who was taken to the hospital with a non-life-threatening condition and a 30-year-old woman who did not require hospitalization.
The gunman was identified as Armando Hernandez Jr., a 20-year-old man from Peoria. He filmed the attack with a cellphone in his left hand while shooting with his right. After his arrest, he was taken to a Maricopa County, Arizona, jail and charged with 16 felonies. Armando claimed that he identified as an incel and knew about Elliot Rodger. He stated in his police interview that he wanted respect for himself and that he was deliberately targeting couples. In July 2022, he was sentenced to 44 years in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="7040720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040720" title="Bobby enriquez">
Bobby enriquez



</doc>
<doc id="7040729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040729" title="1029 La Plata">
1029 La Plata

1029 La Plata, provisional designation , is a stony Koronis asteroid from the outer regions of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 28 April 1924, by German astronomer Johannes Hartmann at the La Plata Astronomical Observatory in Argentina. It was named after the city of La Plata, Argentina, where the discovering observatory is located. The possibly elongated S-type asteroid has a rotation period of 15.31 hours.
Orbit and classification.
"La Plata" is a member of the Koronis family (), a prominent asteroid family with nearly co-planar ecliptical orbits and one of the largest families in the main belt at all. It orbits the Sun in the outer asteroid belt at a distance of 2.8–3.0 AU once every 4 years and 11 months (1,794 days; semi-major axis of 2.89 AU), which is near the 5:2 resonance with Jupiter (2.82 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.03 and an inclination of 2° with respect to the ecliptic.
The asteroid was first observed as and at the observatories at Simeiz and Algiers in October 1916, respectively. Its observation arc begins with the latter observation at Algiers on 31 October 1916, more than 7 years prior its official discovery observation at La Plata.
Physical characteristics.
In the Tholen classification, "La Plata" is a common, stony S-type asteroid, which agrees with the overall spectral type for Koronian asteroids. The photometric survey conducted by Pan-STARRS also characterized it as an S-type.
Rotation period.
In October 2004, a rotational lightcurve of "La Plata" was obtained from photometric observations during an extensive survey of Koronian asteroids at seven different observatories in the United States. Lightcurve analysis gave a well-defined rotation period of 15.310 hours with a brightness variation of 0.58 magnitude (). Previous measurements from 1975 and 1983 showed a period of 14 and 15.37 hours, respectively (). Also in October 2004, an alternative period of 14.174 hours was obtained by French amateur astronomer Laurent Bernasconi (). The consolidated brightness amplitude of 0.26 to 0.58 magnitude indicates that the body's shape is somewhat elongated.
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, "La Plata" measures between 16.46 and 20.78 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.1819 and 0.310. The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" derives an albedo of 0.1655 and a diameter of 20.71 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 10.99.
Naming.
This minor planet was named after the city of La Plata, Argentina, where the discovering La Plata Astronomical Observatory is located. The official naming citation was mentioned in "The Names of the Minor Planets" by Paul Herget in 1955 ().

</doc>
<doc id="7040742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040742" title="Sacatepéquez">
Sacatepéquez

Sacatepéquez () was a city in Guatemala from November 21, 1542 until July 29, 1773 when it was destroyed by the Santa Marta earthquake. Sacatepéquez means "grasshill" and gave its name to the Sacatepéquez Department.
Sacatepéquez and Antigua Guatemala were the two municipalities belonging to the department of Chimaltenango.
On September 12, 1839, the department of Sacatepéquez was created, getting its name from the former city. Antigua Guatemala was made the capital.

</doc>
<doc id="7040761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040761" title="Arthur P. Dempster">
Arthur P. Dempster

Arthur Pentland Dempster (born 1929) is a Professor Emeritus in the Harvard University Department of Statistics. He was one of four faculty when the department was founded in 1957.
Biography.
Dempster received his B.A. in mathematics and physics (1952) and M.A. in mathematics (1953), both from the University of Toronto. He obtained his Ph.D. in mathematical statistics from Princeton University in 1956. His thesis, titled "The two-sample multivariate problem in the degenerate case", was written under the supervision of John Tukey.
Academic works.
Among his contributions to statistics are the Dempster–Shafer theory and the expectation-maximization (EM) algorithm.
Honors and awards.
Dempster was a Putnam Fellow in 1951. He was elected as an American Statistical Association Fellow in 1964, an Institute of Mathematical Statistics Fellow in 1963, and an American Academy of Arts and Sciences Fellow in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="7040774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040774" title="Nightlife (role-playing game)">
Nightlife (role-playing game)

Nightlife is a horror-themed role-playing game first published by Stellar Games in 1990. Many of its innovations would be seen in later games such as White Wolf's "World of Darkness".
Overview.
"Nightlife" is set in New York City in the then near-future of the 1990s. Players take on the roles of monsters, divided into several races and collectively referred to as "Kin," living secretly among human society, whom they refer to as "The Herd."
All of the Kin have certain attributes in common. They are immortal unless killed by special methods, immune to most diseases, and cannot be photographed. Most importantly, Kin have the ability to steal the life force of humans in order to survive, through a process called "Drain". The Kin are divided into a number of groups, called Factions, who vary in their attitude toward humans and their willingness to be discreet about their activities. Players are generally encouraged to play Kin who prefer to defend Herd as well as Kin society, and to not kill mercilessly or wantonly.
The nightlife of Kin in New York City is one of the primary foci of the game. Kin spend much of their time preoccupied with subculture music and fashion, and the game's lists of equipment and clothing available to players assumes that they will adopt underground, cutting-edge, and designer styles. The city contains several important nightclubs which are run by and for Kin. In addition, a large part of the game is the constant streetfighting between members of various Kin factions.
Races.
Characters in "Nightlife" must belong to one of several races of Kin. Each race has access to different Edges and suffers from unique Flaws (see below).
Edges and Flaws.
Kin have various superhuman powers called Edges. A character's Race determines his Beginning Edges, with which he starts the game, and also his Racial Edges, which he does not possess automatically but can learn later. Some Edges can be learned by any Kin, regardless of Race.
Kin also suffer from Flaws, supernatural weaknesses determined by their Race, such as a vampyre's vulnerability to the sun. Flaws do not change throughout the course of play.
Skills.
Skill levels are generated during character creation by rolling 20 d10. The pool of points are split among the selected skills. which are divided into the Combat, Unarmed Combat, Archaic, and General skills groups. Combat is the use of melee and ranged weapons and Unarmed Combat is the use of combatives styles like Street Fighting, Martial Arts or Wrestling. General Skills cover modern trades and abilities used in the (then) late 20th Century. Archaic skills are anachronistic trades and abilities that are not actively used nowadays (like Manuscript Illumination or Charioteering), that were either learned by the character in the past or acquired by them in the present day as hobby skills. Etiquette: Kin and Knowledge: Kin are Archaic group skills that are rare for non-Kin to possess. The Luck attribute can be used for when a character wants to use a skill that they don't know, using the skill's governing Attribute plus (Luck ÷ 5) to get the result. Having a skill at level 20 means the character is "competent" and doesn't need to make a successful roll to perform it.
Factions.
Kin are divided into a number of factions. While there are numerous small factions, gangs, and splinter groups, a handful of Factions commands the loyalty of most Kin.
Game mechanics.
"Nightlife" rules use only ten-sided dice, or d10s. Rolls are usually made by adding one of several Attributes to a Skill, and then attempting to roll less than the total on a percentile die. In some cases, several d10s are rolled and then added together, as in rolling attributes and skills at character creation, or gaining new skills and bonuses at the end of each adventure.
The primary Attributes are Strength, Dexterity, Fitness, Intellect, Will, Perception, Attractiveness, and Luck, and are rolled on 4d10. They are similar to those of Dungeons &amp; Dragons, with Fitness being equivalent to Constitution, Intellect being equal to Intelligence, Attractiveness being equal to Charisma, and Will replacing Wisdom. Luck is a catch-all attribute for when the game master isn't sure what attribute would be best used in a skill test. Then there are secondary attributes created by using the primary attributes. Survival Points are calculated by adding the character's Strength and Luck attributes together. They are depleted daily to feed the Kin and are replenished by Draining Herd. The Hand-To-Hand damage modifier (HTH) is calculated by dividing Strength by 7. It is applied in unarmed or armed melee combat.
One of the ways in which players are encouraged to play Herd-sympathetic Kin is the use of the Humanity score. Beginning players start in character creation with a base Humanity of 50, and can only attain a maximum Humanity of 100. As a character's Humanity drops, he begins to suffer the effects of his Flaws more severely (such as a werewolf taking even more damage from silver than normal). New Edges or increased levels in current Edges cost Humanity to purchase, and raising the character's Humanity by performing humane deeds causes the character's abilities to increase at the end of each adventure. ("Nightlife", unlike many role-playing games, does not use experience points.)
Reception.
Christopher Earley reviewed "Nightlife" in "White Wolf" #24 (Dec./Jan. 1990), rating it a 3 out of 5 and stated that ""NightLife" is [...] a game with minor developmental flaws, using a sometimes too simple game system. Only future adventures will reveal the long-term viability of the setting, or more accurately, determine it. Splatterpunk alone, even without the more artistic aspects, looks to be a fertile milieu, and there is enough separating this game from other horror RPGs to make it worth its price, 'shallowness' aside."
Christopher Earley reviewed "Nightlife" Third Edition roleplaying game in "White Wolf" #37 (July/Aug. 1993), rating it a 3 out of 5 and stated that "Unfortunately, the greatest portion of "NightLife" Third Edition is material that has already seen print in previous supplements. This is a boon to the newcomers, making for a game with enough goodies to keep them adventuring for months to come. It does lend a few compelling reasons for the old guard to purchase it."
In a retrospective review in Issue 43 of "InQuest Gamer", Jason Schneiderman noted, "Although largely undeveloped, all the seeds for what became White Wolf's hugely successful World of Darkness games are here, including a 'humanity' system and something similar to 'the Masquerade,' whereby monsters seek to keep their identities secret so humans won't become aware of their existence. What you won't find is angst; "NightLife" was a punk-rock, claw and fangfest that drips with late-80's cool."
In his 2023 book "Monsters, Aliens, and Holes in the Ground", RPG historian Stu Horvath noted, "The real pleasure of the game is its depiction of a '90s New York City before so much of the rock subculture got sucked out of it. The game city is a rich setting full of gangs, corporations, secret societies, oddballs, weirdos, clubs, bars, and just about anything else imaginable."

</doc>
<doc id="7040778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040778" title="Smith Observatory">
Smith Observatory

Smith Observatory was an observatory at Beloit College in Beloit, Wisconsin. Completed in 1882, the observatory was funded by Janette S. Herrick and named in memory of her brother, John F. Smith. It served the campus from 1882 until the 1950s. In 1967, it was used as a coffee house before being torn down in 1969. It was replaced by the Thompson Observatory.

</doc>
<doc id="7040806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040806" title="3309 Brorfelde">
3309 Brorfelde

3309 Brorfelde, provisional designation , is a nearly spheroidal, binary Hungaria asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 4 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 28 January 1982, by Danish astronomers Kaare Jensen and Karl Augustesen at the Brorfelde Observatory near Holbæk, Denmark. It was named for the discovering observatory and the village where it is located.
Orbit and classification.
Brorfelde is a bright stony asteroid and member of the Hungaria family, which form the innermost dense concentration of asteroids in the Solar System. It orbits the Sun at a distance of 1.7–1.9 AU once every 2 years and 5 months (895 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.05 and an inclination of 21° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins with its official discovery observation, as no precoveries were taken, and no prior identifications were made.
Physical characteristics.
On the SMASS taxonomic scheme, Brorfelde is a common stony S-type asteroid.
Photometry.
Between 2005 and 2010, astronomers Brian Warner and Petr Pravec obtained a large number of rotational lightcurves of Brorfelde. Best rated lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period between 2.5041 and 2.5046 hours with a brightness amplitude between 0.09 and 0.13 in magnitude, indicating that the body has a nearly spheroidal shape ().
These results superseded photometric observations taken by Wiesław Z. Wiśniewski in the 1990s (), and by Federico Manzini and René Roy in 2005 and 2009, respectively (), as well as observations taken at the Palomar Transient Factory in 2010, which gave an incorrect period solution of more than 9 hours ().
Satellite.
During the photometric observation in 2005, it was revealed that Brorfelde is a binary asteroid. Its asteroid moon has an orbital period of hours, and measures approximately 1 kilometer in diameter, based on a mean-diameter ratio of for the system's secondary and primary body. In January 2014, repeated observations by Brian Warner confirmed a period of 2.503 and 18.51 hours for the primary and secondary, respectively (), with several online-published lightcurve plots.
Diameter and albedo.
According to the survey carried out by NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, Brorfelde measures 3.78 kilometers in diameter, and its surface has an albedo of 0.46 (most recent result only). The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" derives an albedo of 0.2747 and a diameter of 3.91 kilometers with an absolute magnitude of 14.062.
Naming.
This minor planet was named on the occasion of the Brorfelde Observatory's 40th anniversary. Brorfelde was the observatory's first minor planet discovery. The approved naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 7 September 1987 ().

</doc>
<doc id="7040807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040807" title="Alaska Air National Guard">
Alaska Air National Guard

The Alaska Air National Guard (AK ANG) is the aerial militia of the State of Alaska, United States of America. It is, along with the Alaska Army National Guard, an element of the Alaska National Guard.
As state military units, the units in the Alaska Air National Guard are not typically in the normal United States Air Force chain of command unless federalized. They are under the jurisdiction of the governor of Alaska though the office of the Alaska Adjutant General unless they are federalized by order of the president of the United States. The Alaska Air National Guard is headquartered at Joint Base Elmendorf–Richardson and its commander is Brigadier General Scott A. Howard.
Overview.
Under the "Total Force" concept, Alaska Air National Guard units are considered to be Air Reserve Components (ARC) of the United States Air Force (USAF). Alaska ANG units are trained and equipped by the Air Force and are operationally gained by a Major Command of the USAF if federalized. In addition, the Alaska Air National Guard forces are assigned to Air Expeditionary Forces and are subject to deployment tasking orders along with their active duty and Air Force Reserve counterparts in their assigned cycle deployment window.
Along with their federal reserve obligations, as state military units the elements of the Alaska ANG are subject to being activated by order of the Governor to provide protection of life and property, and preserve peace, order and public safety. State missions include disaster relief in times of earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and forest fires, search and rescue, protection of vital public services, and support to civil defense.
Components.
The Alaska Air National Guard consists of the following major units:
Support Unit Functions and Capabilities:
History.
The Alaska Air National Guard was formed in Anchorage in July 1952 when Major General Earl T. Ricks of the National Guard Bureau announced that the territorial government of Alaska was willing to invest $1.5 million to establish an Air National Guard unit in Anchorage, either at the city's international airport or on Elmendorf Air Force Base. The only condition: that enough people could be recruited to man the unit.
The Alaska Air National Guard was organized 15 September 1952 as the 8144th Air Base Squadron. At its creation, the 8144th included 11 enlisted men and five officers. It had no planes. Its headquarters were located in a small office above what was then the bus depot on Fourth Avenue in Anchorage. Because the office was so small, the men convened for their first training assembly in a nearby Quonset hut.
The unit's first aircraft, a 1941 T-6 Texan trainer arrived in February 1953. Soon five more trainers arrived, operating out of Elmendorf AFB Hangar #3. In keeping with the Air Guard's mission to provide national air defense, the pilots began training in earnest for their planned transition to jet fighters. The unit was re-designated as the 144th Fighter-Bomber Squadron on 1 July 1953.
In 1969, the 144th Tactical Airlift Squadron (TAS) was authorized to expand to a group level, and the 176th Tactical Airlift Group (176th TAG) was established by the National Guard Bureau. The 176th TAG received federal recognition and was activated on 1 April 1969. The 144th TAS was assigned as the new unit's operational squadron.
In 1986 the 168th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron designation was transferred from the Illinois ANG to the Alaska Air National Guard. It was re-designated as the 168th Air Refueling Squadron, extended federal recognition and reactivated on 1 October 1986. The 168th would operate as a geographically separated unit (GSU), at Eielson Air Force Base, Fairbanks. It was equipped with Boeing KC-135E Stratotankers to refuel military aircraft over Alaska and the northern Pacific Region.
In 1987, the Air Force announced the 71st Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron would be inactivated. The 71st ARRS had a history dating to 1946 as the 10th Air Rescue Squadron (ARS), an active duty squadron organized at Elmendorf Field and mostly manned by Alaskans. However, the tradition of Arctic search and rescue would continue; Alaska Senator Ted Stevens introduced legislation creating a new search and rescue unit for the Alaska Air National Guard. The 210th Air Rescue Squadron received federal recognition from the National Guard Bureau on 4 April 1990 and the unit activation ceremony was held at Kulis Air National Guard Base on 11 August 1990.
After the September 11 attacks, elements of every Air National Guard unit in Alaska has been activated in support of the Global War on Terrorism. Flight crews, aircraft maintenance personnel, communications technicians, air controllers and air security personnel were engaged in Operation Noble Eagle air defense overflights of major United States cities. Also, Alaska ANG units have been deployed overseas as part of Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq as well as other locations as directed.
In 2004, the 176th Air Control Squadron was formed to operate the Alaska NORAD Region (ANR) Regional Operations Control Center (ROCC). Maintains 24-hour-a-day, seven-day-a-week capability to detect, validate and warn of any atmospheric threat to North American air sovereignty. The Alaska ANG unit's legacy dates to September 1951 when the first Alaskan Air Command Aircraft Control and Warning ground control interceptor radar sites were established at Murphy Dome AFS, near Fairbanks and Fire Island AFS near Anchorage were completed and became operational.
In 2007, the newest unit of the Alaska ANG was formed when the 249th Airlift Squadron was federally recognized in Anchorage. The 249th's mission is strategic airlift. Its crews mix with crews from the active-duty Air Force 3d Wing, 517th Airlift Squadron to fly eight C-17 Globemaster III jets around the world.
In 2010, the traditional home of the Alaska ANG in Anchorage, Kulis Air National Guard Base, was closed as a result of BRAC 2005. The 176th Wing at Kulis AGB moved to Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson (in an area now known colloquially as Camp Kulis) in February 2011. The property thereafter reverted to ownership by the State of Alaska, which as of April 2011 had not yet announced plans for the property.

</doc>
<doc id="7040824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040824" title="Motorola Trunked Radio">
Motorola Trunked Radio

Motorola Trunked Radio for telecommunications is a trunked radio system developed by Motorola.
Types.
Motorola Type I and Type II systems achieve the same thing in a slightly different way. One important distinction between these systems is the amount of data transmitted by each radio when the operator pushes the PTT button. A Type I system transmits the radio's ID, its fleet information, and the subfleet information. A Type II system only transmits the radio's ID.
What’s the difference? In Type I systems, each radio in the trunk group individually transmits its own affiliation. In Type II systems the trunk system maintains a database that determines each radio's affiliation. Another difference between the systems is that Type I systems are arranged in a fleet-subfleet hierarchy. For example, it is possible for a city using a Type I system to designate four fleets, each with eight subfleets. The police department, fire department, utilities group, and city administration could each be a separate fleet. The police might decide to further divide its fleet into subfleets, such as dispatch, tactical operations, detectives, north, south, east and west side patrols and supervisors. All the available police radios would then be assigned to one of the police subfleets, letting the police centralize their communications and control the type of users on a single system. Determining the exact fleet-subfleet hierarchy for a particular area is referred to as fleet map programming.
The disadvantage of a Type I system is that the brief burst of data sent when a user transmits must contain the radio's ID, its fleet information, and the subfleet information as well. This is three times the amount of data a Type II system radio sends. Since the data capacity of Type I systems is limited, and the total amount of data increases with each user, Type I systems usually accommodate fewer users than Type II systems. Nevertheless, Type I systems are still in use.

</doc>
<doc id="7040826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040826" title="It Feels Like Magic">
It Feels Like Magic



</doc>
<doc id="7040830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040830" title="Maine State Route 6">
Maine State Route 6

State Route 6 (SR 6) is part of Maine's system of numbered state highways, running from west to east across the state. Its western terminus is at the Canada–United States border near Sandy Bay (a terminus it shares with U.S. Route 201), where it connects to Quebec Route 173. Its eastern terminus is at the Canada-US border in Vanceboro, where it connects to New Brunswick Route 4. SR 6 is the only highway in Maine to terminate at the Canadian border at both ends. With a length of , it is the third-longest state highway in Maine. Much of SR 6 runs through isolated parts of the state.
More than two-thirds of the length of SR 6 is concurrent with other highways. The only section not shared with another route is from its junction with US 2 in Lincoln east to the New Brunswick border, covering 61.87 miles (99.57 km). Except for this section, locals generally refer to the roads by their other numbers.
History.
The SR 6 designation was first applied in 1937-8 on a short route in Old Orchard Beach which became part of SR 98 in 1946. In 1949, the number was applied to the modern routing between Lincoln and the New Brunswick border. In 1965, SR 6 was extended west to its modern terminus at the Quebec border by overlapping it entirely with existing highways. This remains its routing today.

</doc>
<doc id="7040854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040854" title="Etienne de Rocher (Etienne de Rocher album)">
Etienne de Rocher (Etienne de Rocher album)



</doc>
<doc id="7040871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040871" title="State Route 6 (Maine)">
State Route 6 (Maine)



</doc>
<doc id="7040879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040879" title="Federation of Cane Growers">
Federation of Cane Growers

The Federation of Cane Growers was formed as an umbrella organisation to negotiate the new cane contract due to take effect from 1960 with the Colonial Sugar Refining Company.
Negotiations for 1960 cane contract.
Talks on the new contract started on 5 January 1960. The farmers’ representatives were K. S. Reddy, P.G. Shankar, Ram Niwaz, Ranga Reddy and S.M. Koya, representing the Maha Sangh, Ram Swami Pillay, Shankaran Nair and Ram Narain representing a second faction of the Maha Sangh, Shiu Dutt, Biryam Singh, Bechu Prasad, Y. Subramaniam and A. D. Patel representing the Vishal Sangh, Vijay R. Singh and Girwar Prasad representing the Labasa Kisan Sangh, and John Percy Bayly, Shiu Nath, Abdul Gani and Ayodhya Prasad representing the Kisan Sangh. The united front did not last as the two Kisan Sanghs accepted the contract offered by the Company while the Maha Sanghs and Vishal Sangh opposed it and called their members out on strike. There were many cases of intimidation, damage to property burning of sugar cane. The crushing of sugar cane which normally begins in May was delayed until October and the growers suffered huge losses. Security forces were called out to break the strike. A Commission of Inquiry was set up and the growers were obliged to accept a contract that protected the millers from any financial risk and left the farmers with a worse outcome than they had had in the last contract.
From union to political party.
The supporters of the 1960 strike put up candidates in the sugar cane districts in the 1963 Legislative Council election under the banner of Citizens Federation and all won by large margins. The Federation of Cane Growers members of Legislative Council, together with other like-minded individuals formed the Federation Party in 1964. The name was later changed to National Federation Party with the inclusion of two minor ethnic Fijian parties. Until 1987, the Federation of Cane Growers was the main farmers' union in Fiji, while the National Federation Party was the main party of the Fiji Indians.

</doc>
<doc id="7040883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040883" title="USS Gage">
USS Gage

USS "Gage" (APA-168) was a "Haskell"-class attack transport in service with the United States Navy from 1944 to 1947. "Gage" was the sole remaining example of the 117-ship "Haskell"-class and was scrapped in 2009.
History.
"Gage" was of the VC2-S-AP5 Victory ship design type and was named after Gage County, Nebraska. She was built under United States Maritime Commission contract by the Oregon Shipbuilding Corporation, Portland, Oregon; launched 14 October 1944; sponsored by Mrs. H. L. Edmunds; acquired by the Navy 4 November 1944; and commissioned 12 November 1944. Commodore , USNR, was the first commanding officer of the USS Gage.
After shakedown out of San Diego, California, "Gage" sailed from San Francisco 17 January 1945 for the South Pacific. Following the landing of a military civil affairs group at Kaurimarau, Russell Islands, she arrived off West Kokum Beach, Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands, 4 February 1945 with 298 Marines and military cargo. She became a unit of Division 34, Transport Squadron 12, and spent the ensuing weeks in amphibious warfare maneuvers in the Solomons. On 15 March 1945, the attack transport departed Guadalcanal for Ulithi, the staging base for the Okinawa invasion. From there she sailed to Hagushi Beach, Okinawa, where she joined in the initial assault 1 April 1945 conducted under cover of heavy naval gun and plane bombardment.
Through five grueling days and nights of almost continual "Flash Red" alerts against Japanese suicide planes, "Gage" landed marines of the 3rd Battalion, 4th Marine Regiment, 6th Division; a Navy construction battalion; a medical company, and combat equipment. Her mission completed 5 April, she proceeded via the Marianas and Hawaii to San Francisco, where she arrived 11 May 1945. Here "Gage" embarked the men and equipment of an Army Air Corps Casuals and landed them at Manila, Luzon, Philippine Islands, 12 June 1945.
"Gage" reported for duty with Amphibious Group 9 at Leyte 22 June 1945 and was dispatched to New Guinea. After embarking troops at Langemak and Humboldt Bays for transport to Iloilo, Panay Island, P.I., she steamed to San Francisco, Calif., where she arrived 2 August 1945. The announcement of Japanese capitulation found her under repair in Todd's Dry Dock at Seattle, Washington.
"Gage" stood out from Seattle 21 August 1945 with 1,724 Army casual replacements who disembarked at Saipan in the Marianas 5 September. Thirteen days later she departed with some 1,500 marines whom she landed late in October as part of the occupation forces at Hiro Wan, Honshū, Japan. Homeward bound, she served as the "Magic-Carpet" for 1,700 Army veterans embarked at Okinawa and Manila. She reached Portland, Oregon 14 December 1945. The attack transport made a "Magic-Carpet" voyage from San Francisco to Yokosuka and back (10 January to 25 February 1946); followed by one to Samar, P.I., and back (4 April to 10 May 1946). She again departed San Francisco 28 May 1946 to support Navy occupation forces at the Chinese ports of Qingdao and Tientsin and the Japanese ports of Yokosuka and Sasebo.
"Gage" departed Sasebo 26 June; embarked Army veterans in the Marianas and Hawaii; then transited the Panama Canal for Norfolk, arriving 29 July 1946.
Decommissioning and fate.
"Gage" remained in the Norfolk Naval Shipyard until decommissioning 26 February 1947. "Gage" was placed in the Atlantic Reserve Fleet and was inactive until her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register 1 October 1958. She was transferred the same day to the Maritime Commission Reserve Fleet and was berthed in James River, Virginia. One of the crew members was Albert Viola.
"Gage" was slated to be used as a target in SINKEX 2004. This was cancelled pending historical review, and she remained in the James River Reserve Fleet. There was an effort underway to preserve "Gage", the last ship remaining in the "Haskell"-class configuration, as a museum ship. The 29 February 2008 MARAD Inventory listed "Gage" with the status "Historic Hold" (previously she was listed for "Disposal"). The 30 April 2009 Inventory had her back in "Disposal" status. "Gage" left the James River Reserve Fleet on 23 July 2009, and was towed to Brownsville, Texas, where she was scrapped by ESCO Marine, Inc. Some items from the ship were salvaged to be used in the restoration of , a museum ship moored near Houston, Texas and Fletcher class destroyer , a museum ship moored on the Mississippi River in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Other items were acquired from the Gage several years prior to her scrapping for use on the "Cannon"-class destroyer escort , a museum ship moored in Albany, New York along with a plaque honoring "Gage" in the communications room presented by the USS "Gage" (APA-168) Association. In addition to the radios and other communications equipment on "Slater", "Gage" was a source for many historical ship museums with which to backdate ships to WWII era design. In doing so, "Gage" herself had given up so much of her own equipment that by the time she was put on historical hold, she was stripped of so much equipment that it was hard to justify the expense of turning her into a museum ship. Her legacy stands not so much as a warship, but as a donor to help preserve other ships to reflect a time in which those ships would otherwise have been preserved in a more modern appearance from the mid-1940s WWII timeframe due to a lack of available obsolete equipment.
Awards.
"Gage" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="7040890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040890" title="Indecisive and Halfhearted">
Indecisive and Halfhearted

Indecisive and Halfhearted was the first EP released by Ellison. It was recorded and mixed by drummer Mitch Wyatt, and self-released, but was of studio quality. The EP and constant regional live shows caught the attention of J.T. Woodruff, lead singer of Hawthorne Heights. Woodruff launched his own record label, Carbon Copy Media and in early 2006, signed Ellison as the first band to his fledgling label.

</doc>
<doc id="7040897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040897" title="Jump (Computer science)">
Jump (Computer science)



</doc>
<doc id="7040898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040898" title="Motorola Type II VOC">
Motorola Type II VOC

The introduction of Motorola Type II SmartZone introduced the IntelliRepeater. An IntelliRepeater, or IR, site is a bare-bones trunked site which has no database of users or talkgroups. It is simply sophisticated software running on a Quantar repeater. It is meant to be controlled by the Zone Controller and to be commanded as to who has permission and who does not. There are some very basic restrictions in the event Site Trunking (a site loses its link to the Zone Controller) does occur but for all intents and purposes once an IR site is in Site Trunking mode it's a free-for-all site. 
IR sites are generally used for a small geographic area or to fill in holes. For sites that are used to fill in coverage traffic is very limited. To allow as limited a number of channels for use, and to be spectrum efficient, Voice On Control (VOC) was developed to permit the control channel to temporarily act as a voice channel. This allows as little as one channel per site, but access must be severely restricted to the site or communication problems will occur. 
When all channels at a VOC enabled site are in use, or a single channel site gets a call request, there is specific data sent out over the control channel to notify all radios at the site that the control channel will be momentarily switching to voice channel mode. Once this happens radios resort to their programmed information which contains timing values that determine what to do once the timer runs out and there is still no control channel (Signal "Out of Range," switch sites, etc.) available.

</doc>
<doc id="7040916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040916" title="1030 Vitja">
1030 Vitja

1030 Vitja, provisional designation , is a dark background asteroid from the outer regions of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 25 May 1924, by Soviet–Russian astronomer Vladimir Albitsky at the Simeiz Observatory on the Crimean peninsula. The asteroid was named in honor of Viktor Zaslavskij (1925–1944), a relative of the discoverer.
Orbit and classification.
"Vitja" is a non-family asteroid from the main belt's background population. It orbits the Sun in the outer asteroid belt at a distance of 2.7–3.5 AU once every 5 years and 6 months (2,014 days; semi-major axis of 3.12 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.12 and an inclination of 15° with respect to the ecliptic. The asteroid's first recorded observation was made a week after its official discovery at Heidelberg Observatory in June 1924, while its observation arc begins more than seven years later at Lowell Observatory in October 1931.
Naming.
This minor planet was named by the discoverer after his relative Viktor "Vitja" Viktorovich Zaslavskij (1925–1944), who died during World War II. He was the nephew of Spiridon Zaslavskij, the brother-in-law of the discoverer, after whom the asteroid 1330 Spiridonia was later named. No accurate naming citation was given for this asteroid in "The Names of the Minor Planets". The author of the "Dictionary of Minor Planets", Lutz Schmadel, researched the naming circumstances himself ().
Physical characteristics.
"Vitja" has been characterized as a primitive P-type and carbonaceous C-type asteroid by the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer (WISE) and Pan-STARRS photometric survey, respectively. The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" (CALL) assumes it to be a very dark C-type asteroid.
Rotation period.
In July 2007, a rotational lightcurve of "Vitja" was obtained from photometric observations by French amateur astronomer René Roy. Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of 5.7014 hours and a brightness variation of 0.18 magnitude (). Another observation by Andrea Ferrero at the Bigmuskie Observatory in Italy showed a period of 6.332 with an amplitude of 0.21 ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's WISE telescope, "Vitja" measures between in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.0280 and 0.05.
CALL adopts the results obtained by IRAS, that is, an albedo of 0.0326 and a diameter of based on an absolute magnitude of 10.3.
Between 2007 and 2021, 1030 Vitja has been observed to occult four stars.

</doc>
<doc id="7040920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040920" title="Iron County School District">
Iron County School District

Iron County School District is a school district in Cedar City, Utah.
The first school in Iron County was dedicated on December 23, 1851, in Parowan, Utah. In 1853, school was also held in Cedar City at the Old Fort. In 1856, the first school in Cedar city was built. Today, Iron County School District has eight secondary schools, nine elementary schools, and two preschools. It has a total enrollment of approximately 8,900 students.
School board.
The school district is managed by a five-member school board, one from each of the five component districts.

</doc>
<doc id="7040937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040937" title="Jump (computer science)">
Jump (computer science)



</doc>
<doc id="7040975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040975" title="Waller Redd Staples">
Waller Redd Staples

Waller Redd Staples (February 24, 1826 – August 21, 1897) was an American lawyer, law professor, judge, slave-owner and politician who was briefly a member of the Virginia General Assembly before the American Civil War, became a Congressman serving the Confederate States of America during the war, and after receiving a pardon at the war's end became a judge of the Virginia Court of Appeals, and law professor at Washington and Lee University, as well as revisor of Virginia's laws (1884-1887).
Early and family life.
Staples was born in Patrick County, Virginia to Col. Abram Penn Staples and his wife, the former Mary Stovall Penn. His paternal grandfather Samuel G. Staples and his maternal grandfather Abram Penn had served as soldiers in the American Revolutionary War, the former leading militia from Buckingham County, Virginia including at the Battle of Yorktown, and the latter leading militia from Henry County. His father was the clerk for Patrick county, as had been his grandfather, Keziah Staples. His elder brother Samuel Granville Staples (1821-1895) would remain in Patrick County and run a plantation before the war, and like his father become a delegate and like his younger brother a judge. The Staples sons received a private education, then Waller Staples attended the University of North Carolina for two years, before moving to Williamsburg to study at the College of William and Mary and graduated in 1845, then began reading law under the guidance of judge Norbonne Taliaferro in Franklin County.
Staples was active in the Presbyterian Church, but either never married, or if he did marry, his wife died between censuses.
Career.
After graduation and admission to the Virginia bar, Staples moved to the mountains of Montgomery County, Virginia to begin his private legal practice in its county seat, Christiansburg, as well as adjacent counties. He lived with and worked under the guidance of William Ballard Preston, who had served as Secretary of the Navy during the administration of President Zachary Taylor and was a cousin of his mother. Staples later noted that he never received a fee greater than $2000 until after 1883, when he began representing greater interests in private practice (after being removed from the Virginia Court of Appeals along with all his colleagues in a massive legislative reorganization0.
Meanwhile, in 1854–1855, Staples represented Montgomery County in the Virginia House of Delegates as a Whig. He then ran for the United States House of Representatives in the 12th district as a Know Nothing, but lost to the Democratic incumbent, Henry A. Edmundson.
By 1860, Staples lived in a Christiansburg hotel owned by Thomas Wilson, as did several other lawyers and male professionals with less wealth than he. In that census, Staples owned 41 enslaved persons in Montgomery County, of whom three lived at his Christiansburg residence and the remainder lived and worked further out in the county.
However, he opposed secession until Virginia voters accepted the recommendation of the Virginia Secession Convention of 1861. Then he paid to outfit the "New River Grays", a militia unit led by Dr. James Preston Hammett (a VMI graduate who later studied medicine in Philadelphia), which was mustered into the Confederate Army as Company H of the 24th Virginia Infantry.
Confederate legislator.
After Virginia's secession from the Union and acceptance into the Confederate States, Staples was named one of Virginia's four delegates to the Provisional Confederate States Congress on February 22, 1862, alongside William C. Rives, R. M. T. Hunter and John W. Brockenbrough. The next year, he was elected to the First and Second Confederate Congresses, serving in the Confederate House of Representatives from 1862 to the end of the war. His brother Samuel G. Staples volunteered for the Confederate States Army and served as an aide to General J.E.B. Stuart; his relatives James S. Redd and Spottswood Redd were also captains. Waller Staples appears to have served in Wade's local defense regiment for Washington and Wythe Counties, Virginia, and became a critic of President Jefferson Davis by war's end.
Postwar judicial and legal career.
Months after the Confederacy conceded defeat, Staples signed documentation that he would never again own any slaves, as well as assurances of future loyalty to the Union, and received a federal pardon from President Andrew Johnson on November 3, 1865. He then resumed his law practice in Montgomery County. However, his financial condition had substantially declined, so that at age 43 in 1870, Staples only owned about $10,000 in real estate and $5,000 in personal property.
In February, 1870, months after Virginia voters rejected a proposed constitutional provision making former high Confederate officeholders ineligible to hold public office (but did approve the constitution which allowed its readmission to the Union), the newly elected and reassembled Virginia General Assembly elected Staples to the Supreme Court of Appeals for a twelve-year term. He received the second highest number of votes other than that for long-term Judge Richard C. L. Moncure. While an appellate judge, Staples served as a member of Washington and Lee University School of Law's faculty, from 1877 to 1878. His most famous decisions on the court may have actually been his dissents concerning the legality of the Funding Act of 1871.
By the time the terms of all the Court of Appeals' judges expired 1882 (despite a controversy over the term length of a judge appointed to replace a deceased jurist), the Readjuster Party with which Staples sympathized controlled the state legislature. However, none of the judges on the Court of Appeals were re-elected. Nonetheless, the new Readjuster-leaning justices would later adopt what had been Staples' dissents in the state bond coupon cases. Thus, Staples returned to private practice, in partnership with Beverly Munford in Richmond, the firm being named as Staples &amp; Munford. The state of Virginia also hired Staples to argue the Coupon cases in the U.S. Supreme Court, assisting Virginia Attorney General James G. Field in "Antoni v. Greenhow" and "Stewart v. Virginia" (1885). Staples was also a Democratic elector in the U.S. Presidential election of 1884, but refused to run for Governor nor Attorney General.
Beginning in 1884, Staples was also one of the revisors 1887 Code of Virginia, along Edward C. Burks and John W. Riely, both of whom had also served as Justices on the Supreme Court of Appeals of Virginia before the 1883 reorganization. In 1893-94, Staples became president of the Virginia Bar Association. Perhaps his most lucrative client was the Richmond and Danville Railroad.
In one of his more celebrated losses as a lawyer, Staples represented the administrators of the estate of a wealthy white man from Pittsylvania County named Thomas estranged from his relatives after he acknowledged his daughters from a relationship with one of his former slaves, lived with those daughters, and repeatedly and on his deathbed in 1889 announced his intention to make the sole surviving daughter his only heir, but who died before actually executing a will. The Richmond Chancery Court—and later the Virginia Supreme Court in an opinion announced by Judge Thomas T. Fauntleroy over a dissent by Judge Benjamin W. Lacy—rejected the arguments made by Staples and his three co-counsel in favor of those made by his former colleague Burks and Republican leader Edgar Allan and their co-counsel, making Bettie Lewis and her husband wealthy, although they soon moved to Philadelphia.
Governor Fitzhugh Lee appointed Staples to the board of visitors of Virginia Agricultural and Mechanical College in Blacksburg on January 1, 1886, and his fellow members elected him rector (the university's highest position) on January 23, 1886, although Staples died about a year later.
Death and legacy.
Staples may have become an invalid before he died in Christianburg in 1897. He is buried in Roanoke's Evergreen Cemetery.
The Virginia bar published memorials concerning his legal acumen and service to the state and bar, cited above. His nephew Abram Penn Staples Sr. of Roanoke served on the Washington and Lee University law faculty, and that man's son Abram Penn Staples Jr. would later like this Judge Staples serve on the Virginia Court of Appeals. Some of the Staples family papers, including references to an invalid uncle Judge by Daniel Staples, are now held by the University of Virginia library.

</doc>
<doc id="7040977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040977" title="Protectograph">
Protectograph



</doc>
<doc id="7040979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040979" title="Posts">
Posts

Posts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7040989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7040989" title="Atlantic City High School">
Atlantic City High School

Atlantic City High School (ACHS) is a comprehensive public high school in Atlantic City, in Atlantic County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. It is the lone secondary school of the Atlantic City School District.
The current school building opened in 1994 and holds approximately 2,500 students. The school serves students from Atlantic City, along with those from Brigantine, Longport, Margate City and Ventnor City, who attend the school as part of sending/receiving relationships with their respective school districts.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,699 students and 144.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.7:1. There were 1,283 students (75.5% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 112 (6.6% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
Atlantic City's first high school building was constructed in 1895 at Illinois and Arctic Avenues, on a small site that limited room for growth. In 1901, the high school relocated to a building at Ohio and Pacific Avenues. After the high school relocated a third time, the former building was reused as Central Junior High School for many years. The third building, located at Albany and Atlantic Avenues, opened on September 17, 1923. Constructed at a cost of over $1.75 million (equivalent to $ million in ), it included a 1,000-seat auditorium and a 6,000-pipe organ.
Atlantic Cape Community College, the second community college to be established in New Jersey, opened in 1966 in space leased from the high school and moved to its campus in Mays Landing in February 1968.
The fourth, and current Atlantic City High School was constructed on "Great Island," opening to students in November 1994, at a cost of $83 million and had its formal dedication ceremony later that month before a gathered crowd of 4,000. The building was designed by Blumberg Associates Architecture.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 262nd-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 214th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 247th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 255th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 270 in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 334th out of 376 public high schools statewide in its 2010 rankings (a decrease of 9 positions from the 2009 rank) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the language arts literacy and mathematics components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Athletics.
The Atlantic City High School Vikings compete in the Atlantic Division of the Cape-Atlantic League, an athletic conference comprised of public and private high schools in Atlantic, Cape May, Cumberland and Gloucester counties, operating under the aegis of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association. With 1,398 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2022–24 school years as Group IV South for most athletic competition purposes. The football team competes in the United Division of the 94-team West Jersey Football League superconference and was classified by the NJSIAA as Group V South for football for 2022–2024, which included schools with 1,333 to 2,324 students.
The boys swimming team won the state non-public championship from 1921 to 1929. In 1924, the team won the state swimming championship for a fourth time, setting three meet records in the process, with the Lawrenceville School coming in second and The Peddie School in third. The next year, at a meet held in Philadelphia, the swim team won the national interscholastic championship, breaking the streak of four championships won by Mercersburg Academy. In March 1925, the Atlantic City swim team were the guests of President Calvin Coolidge at the White House, in recognition of their championship.
The girls' basketball team won the Group IV state championships in 1981 vs. Eastside Paterson and repeated in 1982 vs. Plainfield High School. The 1981 team finished the season with a record of 29–1 after winning the Group IV state title with a 45–43 victory in the finals against an Eastside team that came into the game undefeated.
The 1994 Boys Varsity 8 Crew had an undefeated season and took the Triple Crown, winning the Philadelphia City Championships, Stotesbury Cup Regatta and National Rowing Championships. The V8 went on to place second in the Princess Elizabeth Cup at the Henley Royal Regatta on the Thames River in England.
The 1999 football team won the South Jersey Group IV state championship at Rutgers Stadium with a 31–29 win over Eastern High School of Voorhees, a victory that marked the program's first sectional title.
The boys' basketball team won the NJSIAA Group IV state championship in 2012 (defeating Ridgewood High School in the tournament final), 2012 (vs. Elizabeth High School) and 2013 (vs. Linden High School). The team won the Group IV tournament in 2005, defeating Trenton Central High School 71–70 in the semifinals, and Ridgewood High School by a score of 56–42 in the championship game at Rutgers University. In 2012, the Viking's boys' basketball team won the South Jersey Group IV title and the Group IV state championship with a 53–47 win against Elizabeth High School, marking the team's second state title. The Vikings repeated as Group IV state champions in basketball in 2013, defeating Linden High School in overtime by a score of 60–54 to become back-to-back champions.
In 2007, Todd Busler was one of 50 recipients of the Maxwell Football Club's Tri-State High School Award given to players from schools located in South Jersey, the five-county Philadelphia area and the Lehigh Valley of Pennsylvania.
The boys' soccer team was 2008 inaugural Brigantine Cup champions.
In 2009, the girls' tennis team won the South Jersey Group IV title beating Millville High School 3–2, the program's first group title.
In 2010, the girls' swim team won the CAL American Conference title and defeated Vineland High School to win the South Jersey Public A championship for the first time in the program's history, going 14–0 before falling to West Windsor-Plainsboro High School South in the state semifinals.
The school's gymnasium was home to the United States Basketball League (USBL) Atlantic City Seagulls from 1996 to 2001. The Seagulls won the USBL Championship in 1997, 1998 and 1999.
Administration.
The principal of Atlantic City High School is Donald Harris. His administration consists of four vice principals.
Rules.
Dress code.
Beginning in 2007, in the hopes of preventing gang identification, Atlantic City High School required students wear a uniform, putting it in a minority of public schools to do so in the United States. Other high schools in South Jersey, such as Middle Township High School, Vineland High School, and Bridgeton High School, followed suit. The change was immediately controversial, with some parents saying that it became a "distraction from education" when the school suspended 150 students in one day for violating the uniform rules. For example, in the 2013–2014 school year, it was required that students wear collared shirts in only the two school colors plus black, with no logos except ACHS's own logo (or that of one of its sports teams).
In August 2019, the Board of Education dropped its uniform policy for the 2019–2020 school year, opting instead for a dress code. ACHS students are still restricted from a few garment types, such as bare midriffs, ripped jeans, leggings, and "do rags", or garments the school deems to have "obscene" words or images on them.
Truancy.
Chronic absenteeism, or truancy, is a problem for ACHS; in 2015, 21% of its students were deemed chronically absent. The school has established a Truancy Task Force to enforce state laws requiring school attendance.
Academics.
Atlantic City High School offers many Advanced Placement (AP) courses, in addition to the standard college-prep and Honors classes. ACHS offers 20 AP courses: AP Biology; AP Calculus AB; AP Calculus BC; AP Chemistry; AP Studio Art; AP Microeconomics; AP Macroeconomics; AP English Language and Composition; AP English Literature and Composition; AP Environmental Science; AP French Language and Culture; AP United States Government and Politics; AP Latin; AP Music Theory; AP Physics 1; AP Physics C; AP Psychology; AP Spanish Language and Culture; AP Statistics; and, AP United States History.

</doc>
<doc id="7041015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041015" title="Singer Songwriter">
Singer Songwriter



</doc>
<doc id="7041019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041019" title="Gungrave (disambiguation)">
Gungrave (disambiguation)

Gungrave is a 2002 video game.
Gungrave may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7041024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041024" title="1031 Arctica">
1031 Arctica

1031 Arctica, provisional designation , is a dark asteroid from the outer region of the asteroid belt, approximately 75 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 6 June 1924, by Soviet−Russian astronomer Sergey Belyavsky at Simeiz Observatory on the Crimean peninsula. It was named for the Arctic Sea.
Classification and orbit.
"Arctica" orbits the Sun in the outer main-belt at a distance of 2.9–3.2 AU once every 5 years and 4 months (1,944 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.06 and an inclination of 18° with respect to the ecliptic. Prior to its discovery, "Arctica" was identified as and at Collurania and Johannesburg in 1910 and 1913, respectively. The body's observation arc begins with its official discovery observation at Simeiz in 1924.
Physical characteristics.
In the Tholen taxonomic classification scheme, "Arctica" is a rather rare CX: type, an intermediary between the carbonaceous C and X-type asteroids "(also see )".
Rotation period.
In February 1992, the first rotational lightcurve of "Arctica" was obtained by Italian astronomer Mario Di Martino at Torino Observatory, using the ESO 1-metre telescope at La Silla in Chile. It gave a rotation period of 51.0 hours with a change in brightness of 0.22 magnitude ().
Since then, photometric observations were taken by French amateur astronomers Raymond Poncy (2005), René Roy (2010) and Patrick Sogorb (2016), giving an identical period of 51 hours, based on a fragmentary and poorly rated lightcurve (). While "Arctica" has a much longer period than most minor planets, it is not a slow rotator, which have periods up to a 1000 or more hours.
Diameter and albedo.
According to the space-based surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite, and NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, "Arctica" measures between 73.83 and 77.28 kilometers in diameter and its surface has a low albedo between 0.04 and 0.047 (without preliminary results). The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" adopts the results obtained by IRAS, that is, an albedo of 0.0465 and a diameter of 75.47 kilometers with an absolute magnitude of 9.56.
Naming.
This minor planet was named for the Arctic Sea, located in the Northern Hemisphere and the smallest and shallowest of the world's five major oceanic divisions. Naming citation was first published in "The Names of the Minor Planets" by Paul Herget in 1955 ().

</doc>
<doc id="7041034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041034" title="Linda Woolverton">
Linda Woolverton

Linda Woolverton (born December 19, 1952) is an American screenwriter, playwright, and novelist, whose most prominent works include the screenplays and books of several acclaimed Disney films and stage musicals. She is the first woman to have written an animated feature for Disney, "Beauty and the Beast" (1991), which is also the first animated film ever to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. She also co-wrote the screenplay of "The Lion King" (1994), provided additional story material for "Mulan" (1998), and adapted her own "Beauty and the Beast" screenplay into the book of the Broadway adaptation of the film, for which she received a Tony Award nomination and won an Olivier Award.
Her recent work includes the screenplays for "Alice in Wonderland" (2010) and "Maleficent" (2014), both of which were significant box office successes. The former made her the first female screenwriter with a sole writing credit on a film that grossed $1 billion. She subsequently wrote the screenplays of the sequels for both of those films—"Alice Through the Looking Glass" (2016) and "" (2019).
Early life and education.
Woolverton was born in 1952 in Long Beach, California. As a child, she began acting in the local children's theater as an escape from what she has described as a "traumatic childhood." She graduated from high school in 1969 with honors in the school's theater program. She attended California State University, Long Beach, graduating with a BFA in Theater Arts in 1973. After the college graduation, she attended the California State University, Fullerton. She received her Master's degree in theater for children in 1979.
Career.
First works.
Upon the completion of her master's degree, Woolverton formed her own children's theater company. She wrote, directed and performed all over California in churches, malls, schools, and local theaters. She also began to work as a creative drama instructor in 1979. In 1980, she began working as a secretary for CBS, where she eventually became a programming executive concentrating on both children's and late-night programming. During her lunch breaks, Woolverton wrote her first novel, the young adult "Star Wind". After quitting her job in 1984 and starting working as a substitute teacher, she wrote her second novel, the also young adult "Running Before the Wind". Released in 1986 and 1987, respectively, both were published by Houghton Mifflin.
During this time, Woolverton began penning scripts for children's television shows. From 1986 to 1989, she wrote episodes for animated series as ', "Dennis the Menace", "The Real Ghostbusters", "The Berenstain Bears", "My Little Pony" and '. After growing tired of writing for animated television shows, she expressed interest in working for Disney's theatrical animation studio, but was discouraged by her agent, who assessed that she "wasn't ready." Not agreeing with it, Woolverton went over to Disney offices in Burbank, California, and dropped off a copy of "Running Before the Wind" to a secretary, asking her to "give it to somebody to read." Two days later, she received a call from Jeffrey Katzenberg, then-Disney studio chairman, scheduling her for an interview.
Works for Disney.
Woolverton was hired to write the script for Disney Feature Animation's "Beauty and the Beast", thus becoming the first woman to write an animated feature for the studio. From early 1985 to 1988, two different teams of writers had taken a turn at adapting Jeanne-Marie Le Prince de Beaumont's tale into a feature film, but Woolverton succeeded by incorporating her own ideas into the story, such as making the protagonist a bookworm. Upon its release in 1991, "Beauty and the Beast" received universal acclaim, becoming the first animated film ever to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture, and winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy.
The success of "Beauty and the Beast" led Woolverton to work in several projects with Disney. She co-wrote the screenplay of the live-action film "", released in 1993, and worked again with Disney Animation by helping the pre-production story development of "Aladdin", released in 1992, and co-writing the screenplay of "The Lion King", released in 1994. "Aladdin" and "The Lion King" were both critical and box office hits. During this time, she also adapted her own "Beauty and the Beast" screenplay into a Broadway musical, which opened to critical acclaim in 1994, leading her to be nominated for a Tony Award for Best Book in a Musical and to win an Olivier Award for Best New Musical. She provided additional story material for "Mulan", released in 1998, and co-wrote the book of the stage musical "Aida", which opened on Broadway in 2000 to critical acclaim.
In 2007, she completed a screenplay where an older Alice, from Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland", returns to Wonderland, from an idea she had in her head for many years. She presented the screenplay to producers Suzanne Todd, Jennifer Todd, and Joe Roth, who took it to Disney. The studio immediately accepted the project, attaching Tim Burton to direct. Released in 2010, "Alice in Wonderland" earned more than $1 billion at the worldwide box office, making Woolverton the first female screenwriter with a sole writing credit on a film that grossed $1 billion. 
In 2010, Disney invited her to write the screenplay of "Maleficent", a retelling of the animated film "Sleeping Beauty" from the point of view of the titular villain. As with "Beauty and the Beast", the film had been in development hell until Woolverton was attached to write it. She later described her version of the tale as a complete "reinvention, not just the retelling of the same story." "Maleficent" was released in 2014.
She subsequently wrote the screenplays of the sequels for both of those films—"Alice Through the Looking Glass" (2016) and "" (2019).
Other works.
Woolverton wrote the book of the Broadway musical "Lestat", an adaptation of "The Vampire Chronicles" by Anne Rice, which pre-debuted in 2005 in San Francisco to become the highest-earning pre-Broadway play in the city's history. The musical opened on Broadway in 2006. She co-wrote the narration script of the National Geographic theatrical documentary film "Arctic Tale", released in 2007. In 2014, she announced that she was pitching a pilot for a television series. It was later announced that Lifetime had decided to adapt the novel "The Clan of the Cave Bear" with Woolverton as executive-producer of the series and writer of the pilot episode. The adaptation eventually was released as a television film.
Themes.
"Strong female characters".
Woolverton's works are known for their "strong female characters." She is recognized for having paved the way inside Disney for the creation of strong female protagonists, mainly due to her writing of Belle, the protagonist of "Beauty and the Beast". Belle is an intelligent and strong young woman, a Disney heroine who does "something other than wait for her prince to come." "Empire" hailed Belle as "a feminist heroine who [is] more rounded than previous Disney characters." Woolverton herself said that Belle "moved us forward a few inches. She was a reader. She didn't rely on her beauty to get herself through the world. She wasn't a victim waiting for her prince to come. She was a proactive character."
In "Alice in Wonderland", she gave the protagonist Alice Kingsleigh an adventurous, inquisitive, nonconforming personality, which leads the character to question the values of the Victorian society, and ultimately dismantle an engagement to become a world explorer. For this, "Elle" said: "In her version of Wonderland, she [Woolverton] gave audiences a female character that was not dependent on a man for happiness or commercial success." Describing her work in the film, Woolverton said: "My whole point in Alice was that you have to forge your own path. You can't go down anybody else's [road]. It's your dream; it's your life. You don't have to be told by other people what to make of yourself. You decide."
Reflecting on her female characters, Woolverton said: "I came up as a feminist, in my day. And when I was first approached to do "Beauty and the Beast", I knew that you couldn’t do a throwback Disney victim/heroine. We weren’t going to buy it as women after a whole awakening in the 70s. No one is going to accept that. So that started me on a path at relooking at these Disney princesses in a sort of different way. I feel that you have to have an empowering message or you’re not going to be relevant. If you don't stay relevant to how people are and how women are approaching life now, it’s not going to feel true."
Personal life.
Woolverton is divorced from producer Lee Flicker, with whom she has a daughter, named Keaton, born in 1991. She lives in Hancock Park, Los Angeles, and had two dogs in 2014. She is represented by United Talent Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="7041043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041043" title="Delaware Otsego Corporation">
Delaware Otsego Corporation

The Delaware Otsego Corporation (DO) is an American railroad holding company that is headquartered in Cooperstown, New York. The company was established in 1965 as the Delaware Otsego Railroad by Walter G. Rich, and they began to specialize in reactivating abandoned branch lines as profitable short line railroads throughout New York and New Jersey. They were collectively known as the DO System.
Their largest subsidiary is the New York, Susquehanna and Western Railway (NYS&amp;W), and reorganizing them expanded DO's status from a short line company to a regional railroad network. Since 1997, DO has been owned by DO Acquisition LLC. As of 2024, the NYS&amp;W and the Central New York Railroad are DO's only remaining subsidiaries.
History.
The Delaware Otsego Corporation (DO) was established in 1965 as the Delaware Otsego Railroad by a group of businessmen and railfans, led by Syracuse University law school student Walter G. Rich. DO was formed, in response to the New York Central Railroad's (NYC) abandonment of their Ulster and Delaware Branch. The NYC cut back operations to Bloomville, and DO subsequently acquired a section of the branch between Oneonta and Mickle Bridge. Delaware Otsego was named as such, since the section lay on the border between the New York counties of Delaware and Otsego.
The company acquired former United States Army 0-6-0 steam locomotive No. 2 from the Virginia Blue Ridge Railway, and they began using it for their tourist excursion operations. Their tourist trains operated on the branch between the passenger station near their interchange with Delaware and Hudson Railway (D&amp;H), and Mickle Bridge. Occasional freight service was also provided. In 1970, the state of New York condemned the right-of-way, in favor of construction of Interstate 88 through Oneonta. With settlement money, Walter Rich and his fellow Delaware Otsego executives searched for another branch to acquire and operate.
In 1971, the D&amp;H decided to abandon their Cooperstown Branch, which led from Cooperstown Junction near Colliersville to Cooperstown. Following some successful negotiations, Delaware Otsego purchased the Cooperstown Branch from the D&amp;H and revived the route's original name, the Cooperstown and Charlotte Valley Railroad (CACV), and they relocated their tourist operations there. The Delaware Otsego Railroad was quickly renamed as the Delaware Otsego Corporation to reflect their new status as a holding company. Concurrently, they acquired their first diesel locomotive, ALCO RS-2 No. 100, to supplement 0-6-0 No. 2. DO also established their new headquarters at the two-story Cooperstown depot.
In 1975, DO discontinued their steam operations, and No. 2 was left in indoor storage in Milford. Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, DO acquired and established additional short line companies for freight operations, including the Fonda, Johnstown and Gloversville Railroad (FJ&amp;G), the Lackawaxen and Stourbridge Railroad, the Staten Island Railway, and the Rahway Valley Railroad. In 1980, Delaware Otsego established the Kingston Terminal Railroad (KTER) to operate a section of the former NYC Catskill Mountain Branch between Kingston and Rondout, New York. Before operations were planned to commence, the branch's sole customer, a cement plant, shut down, and the KTER was quickly dissolved. That same year, DO purchased their largest subsidiary, the New Jersey-based New York, Susquehanna and Western Railway (NYS&amp;W), and they reconditioned their trackage and expanded their operations into New York state, resulting in DO becoming classified as a regional system.
On October 3, 1997, DO Acquisition LLC announced that it had completed the short-form merger of Delaware Otsego with a wholly owned subsidiary via a stock tender offer of $22 per share. The merger brought the Delaware Otsego Corporation and their subsidiaries under control of Norfolk Southern (NS) and CSX, with CSX and NS each obtaining 10% of DO's shares, while Walter Rich obtained 80%. On August 9, 2007, Rich died at the age of 61, following an eight-month struggle against pancreatic cancer. Shortly thereafter, the NYS&amp;W reduced their operations, with lucrative traffic being siphoned-off to CSX and NS, and all commercial passenger operations were discontinued. As of 2024, the NYS&amp;W railway continues to operate freight trains between Syracuse, New York and North Bergen, New Jersey. The railway also hosts occasional detour of trains, when derailments or overflowing traffic block the CSX's River Subdivision.
Current Railroads.
New York, Susquehanna and Western Railway.
In 1979, the state of New Jersey asked DO to take over operations of the then-bankrupt New York, Susquehanna and Western Railroad (NYS&amp;W). By that time, the NYS&amp;W had operated at a financial loss with deteriorating trackage and locomotives, under the ownership of real-estate developer Irving Maidman, and the state was looking to have the company operate under new ownership, to avoid job losses. In 1980, DO purchased the NYS&amp;W for $5 million, and they reorganized it as the New York, Susquehanna and Western Rail"way" and initiated a rehabilitation process for their trackage. In 1982, Conrail petitioned to abandon their former Erie Lackawanna branches from Binghamton to Jamesville and Utica, and portions of the former Lehigh and Hudson River Railway (L&amp;HR) Warwick, New York, and Limecrest, New Jersey.
DO acquired the EL lines and organized them as the Northern Division of the NYS&amp;W, while the L&amp;HR lines and the remaining original NYS&amp;W trackage were organized as their Southern Division. In 1986, the western end of the NYS&amp;W between Butler and Sparta Junction, which had been shut down since the early 1970s, was rehabilitated. A trackage rights agreement was arranged with Conrail, where the NYS&amp;W would operate over Conrail's L&amp;HR line between Warwick and Campbell Hall, and on the Southern Tier Line between Campbell Hall and Binghamton. From 1985 to 2001, the NYS&amp;W operated intermodal trains via a partnership with SeaLand, the Delaware and Hudson, and CSX, and they served as an alternative to Conrail's services out of New York, until Conrail was split between CSX and Norfolk Southern, in 1999. As their only remaining railroad subsidiary, the NYS&amp;W and their operations serve as DO's primary source of income.
Central New York Railroad.
In 1972, DO purchased the Erie Lackawanna's long Richfield Springs Branch, and they reactivated it as the Central New York Railroad (CNYK). State funds were made available to rehabilitate the line in 1974, and regular freight service was commenced. The CNYK interchanged with the EL's Binghamton-Utica branch, which was subsequently obtained by Conrail. In 1982, when DO purchased the Utica branch from Conrail, the CNYK became a part of the NYS&amp;W's Northern Division. In 1988, service on the CNYK was shut down from declining freight traffic, and the line was formally abandoned in 1995. In early 2005, the CNYK was reactivated as a paper corporation by the NYS&amp;W, and it was assigned to operate the Port Jervis-Binghamton section of the Southern Tier Line, which the NYS&amp;W leased from Norfolk Southern.
Former Railroads.
Cooperstown and Charlotte Valley Railroad.
In 1971, Delaware Otsego purchased the Delaware and Hudson's Cooperstown branch, which led from Cooperstown Junction near Colliersville to Cooperstown, New York. DO revived the branch's original name, the Cooperstown and Charlotte Valley Railroad (CACV), and they commenced tourist and freight operations on the line. DO's 0-6-0 steam locomotive No. 2 was transferred to Cooperstown, and they purchased an ALCO RS-2 from the D&amp;H. The C&amp;CV provided steam tourist operations until 1975, when low ridership was deemed unjustifiable for the operating costs.
The railroad operated freight trains for local freight customers, until December 1987, and the trackage was subsequently embargoed. It was used for freight car storage until 1996, when it was sold to the Leatherstocking Chapter of the National Railway Historical Society (NRHS). The chapter rebuilt portions of the line and began to revive seasonal tourist operations. As of 2022, rehabilitation is in progress to reopen the entire line between Cooperstown Junction and Cooperstown, with new service planned to continue south of Milford to their connection with Norfolk Southern.
Fonda, Johnstown and Gloversville Railroad.
In 1974, DO purchased the Fonda, Johnstown and Gloversville Railroad (FJ&amp;G), and they managed to regain the railroad's profitability. Following the Early 1980s recession, the FJ&amp;G lost their final remaining major customers, and in 1984, the railroad was shut down from financial losses. In 1988, a final run with a Trackmobile was made to clear the line of any remaining railroad equipment. Most of the FJ&amp;G route was later ripped up and converted into a rail trail.
Lackawaxen and Stourbridge Railroad.
In 1975, the Erie Lackawanna Railway requested to be absorbed into Conrail, but some of their routes, including the Honesdale Branch, were rejected from inclusion. Officials from Wayne County campaigned to save the line to protect the customers it served, and they searched for an operator to take over the branch. In March 1976, the DO was approached with the possibility of operating the line, and they expressed interest. The Lackawaxen and Stourbridge Railroad (LASB) was formed to operate the branch, and a special order was handed down from the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) to operate the line until a purchase agreement could be worked out.
The first LASB train was operated on April 1, 1976. The railroad enjoyed various forms of success operating passenger excursions and regular freight trains. In June 1989, DO ended their LASB operations, and the newly formed Stourbridge Railroad (SBRR) took over. A flood in 2005 severed the line, and a failed attempt by Morristown and Erie Railroad to operate the line resulted in the abandonment of all operations in 2012. Ten years later, in 2022, the entire railroad operates passenger trains under new ownership, as The Stourbridge Line.
Staten Island Railway.
The earliest portions of the Staten Island Railway were built in 1860, connecting the ferry landing at Tompkinsville with the village of Tottenville, New York. Looking to expand into the New York City area, the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad purchased the line in 1885. The B&amp;O financed the construction of new ferry terminals and slips at St. George, as well as a branch along the north shore of the island to connect to New Jersey via a bridge over the Arthur Kill. Known as the Staten Island Rapid Transit, the line provided freight and passenger service to the island, and the passenger service was electrified in 1925. In 1971, the rapid transit passenger operations were turned over to the Staten Island Rapid Transit Operating Authority: a division of New York's Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
The B&amp;O and their successor, the Chessie System, continued to operate freight service on the island until April 1985, when the SIRT was sold to Delaware Otsego. Operated as the Staten Island Railway (SIRY), mostly with spare equipment and crews from the Susquehanna, DO explored was of attracting additional customers to boost the SIRY's profitability. Under DO ownership, the SIRY utilized an Ex-Chesapeake and Ohio EMD SW9 and an Ex-New York, Ontario and Western EMD NW2. By 1991, many of the SIRY's remaining customers closed their line-side locations, resulting in the SIRY operating at a financial loss. The railway operated their final freight train on April 21, 1992. The SIRY filed for abandonment, and the Arthur Kill Vertical Lift Bridge was locked in its raised position. Their lines in Staten Island were subsequently transferred to the New York City Economic Development Corp. and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which subsequently restored the bridge and developed ExpressRail to service the Howland Hook Marine Terminal.
Rahway Valley Railroad.
The Rahway Valley Railroad (RV), which had gained freight-shipping profits after World War II, operated at a financial loss, following the formation of Conrail in 1976, and an increasing number of their freight customers switched to truck-shipping. Delaware Otsego acquired the Rahway Valley in April 1986, after they lost their affordability to obtain liability insurance. Freight traffic had significantly declined by that time, and service was commonly provided by Staten Island Railway crews. The Rahway Valley's primary Conrail interchange was relocated to their former CNJ connection at Cranford, New Jersey. In 1992, DO shut down the RV, after traffic on the line declined to the point only one customer remained. In February 1995, the remaining trackage was sold to the state of New Jersey, for $6.4 million. On May 9, 2002, the Morristown and Erie Railway signed a 10-year operating agreement with the state to acquire and rehabilitate the remaining RVRR and SIRY trackage.
Toledo, Peoria and Western Railway.
In 1995, the NYS&amp;W acquired a 40% interest in the Toledo, Peoria and Western Railway (TP&amp;W) of Illinois, with full control going to DO the following year. The TP&amp;W was previously revived by businessman Gordon Fuller after the original company was absorbed into the Santa Fe Railway, and the new company was profitable, with 55% of their traffic consisting of intermodal trains. The TP&amp;W began serving as a western terminus for the NYS&amp;W's intermodal trains, bypassing the congested traffic of Chicago. In 1999, DO sold the TP&amp;W to RailAmerica.

</doc>
<doc id="7041048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041048" title="Skin name">
Skin name



</doc>
<doc id="7041056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041056" title="EDACS Provoice">
EDACS Provoice



</doc>
<doc id="7041071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041071" title="1032 Pafuri">
1032 Pafuri

1032 Pafuri, provisional designation , is a dark background asteroid from the outer regions of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 30 May 1924, by English astronomer Harry Edwin Wood at the Union Observatory in Johannesburg, South Africa. The asteroid was named for the river in the Pafuri Triangle in South Africa, created by the confluence of the Limpopo and Levubu rivers. The body's spectral type and rotation period are still poorly determined.
Orbit and classification.
"Pafuri" is a non-family asteroid from the main belt's background population. It orbits the Sun in the outer main-belt at a distance of 2.7–3.6 AU once every 5 years and 6 months (2,023 days; semi-major axis of 3.13 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.14 and an inclination of 9° with respect to the ecliptic.
The asteroid was first observed as at Heidelberg Observatory in February 1917, where the body's observation arc begins in April 1929, nearly 5 years after its official discovery observation at Johannesburg.
Naming.
This minor planet was named after the river in the Pafuri Triangle, created by the confluence of the Limpopo and Levubu rivers in South Africa. The official naming citation was mentioned in "The Names of the Minor Planets" by Paul Herget in 1955 ().
Physical characteristics.
In the SMASS classification, "Pafuri" is an X-type asteroid, while the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer (WISE) characterized it as a primitive and darker P-type asteroid. The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" assumes it to be a carbonaceous C-type asteroid.
Rotation period.
In November 2009, a rotational lightcurve of "Pafuri" was obtained from photometric observations by French amateur astronomer Pierre Antonini who suspects it to be a slow rotator. Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of at least 24 hours with a brightness variation of more than 0.15 magnitude (). The result supersedes a previous period of at least 13 hours at the Oakley Observatory in the United States (). As of 2018, no secure rotation period has been obtained.
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's WISE telescope, "Pafuri" measures between 54.67 and 75.265 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.0312 and 0.0591. CALL derives an albedo of 0.0540 and a diameter of 54.61 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 10.1.

</doc>
<doc id="7041075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041075" title="Overscan amounts">
Overscan amounts



</doc>
<doc id="7041112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041112" title="J.J. Burnel">
J.J. Burnel



</doc>
<doc id="7041115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041115" title="Lateral sacral crest">
Lateral sacral crest



</doc>
<doc id="7041116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041116" title="Medial sacral crest">
Medial sacral crest



</doc>
<doc id="7041117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041117" title="Median sacral crest">
Median sacral crest



</doc>
<doc id="7041121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041121" title="Slate Roof House">
Slate Roof House

The Slate Roof House was a mansion that stood on 2nd Street north of Walnut Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, from about 1687 until its demolition in 1867. Built for Barbadian Quaker merchant Samuel Carpenter, the house occupied a small hill overlooking the Delaware River. It was built of brick in the Jacobean style with its façade featuring two projecting wings that flanked a recessed central entrance. The house was notable for its large size as well for its slate roof, which was a rarity in early Philadelphia.
History.
For two years (1699-1701), during his second visit to America, William Penn rented the house for use as a city residence while maintaining his country house at Pennsbury Manor in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. It was at the Slate Roof House that he wrote and issued his "Charter of Privileges," a progressive framework for Pennsylvania’s government that became the model for the United States Constitution and is still the basis of free governments all over the world.
James Logan, the secretary of the Proprietary after Penn returned to England, later lived in the Slate Roof House. He administered the colony of Pennsylvania from there between 1701 and 1704.
In later years, the house was the temporary abode of John Adams, John Hancock, and many other distinguished members of the First Continental Congress, and also of Baron Johann de Kalb, who fell, fighting for American independence, at the Battle of Camden. It was the death site for General Charles Lee and for General John Forbes, second in command, and afterwards successor to General Edward Braddock. 
The Slate Roof House was altered for commercial use in the 18th century and became dilapidated during the 1800s. Despite protests from historians, the house was razed in 1867. It was replaced by a large Victorian commercial structure that stood until 1976. 
Modern site.
In 1982, an urban courtyard called Welcome Park was built on the site, managed by Independence National Historical Park. The park features William Penn’s plan of the city of Philadelphia laid out in slate and marble, as well as a bronze model of the house. A miniature version of the statue of Penn by Alexander Milne Calder that crowns Philadelphia City Hall stands on a pedestal in the center. The park also features a timeline of Penn’s life on the enclosing wall. Welcome Park was named after Penn's ship, "Welcome", which brought Penn and over one hundred passengers, mostly Quakers, to America in 1682.
The National Park Service proposed renovation of the park in a 2024 preliminary draft that included removal of the Penn statue. The renovation plan is under review.
The park is adjacent to the Thomas Bond House.

</doc>
<doc id="7041125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041125" title="Lateral crests">
Lateral crests



</doc>
<doc id="7041128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041128" title="Captive bolt stunning">
Captive bolt stunning



</doc>
<doc id="7041129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041129" title="Solun, Horqin Right Front Banner">
Solun, Horqin Right Front Banner

Solun () is a town in the Hinggan League, of northeastern Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, located northwest, by road, of the city of Ulan Hot. Its name in the Mongolian language means "hunted paddock or hunting paddock", which could derive from the fact that the Kangxi Emperor (ruled 1661–1722) of the Qing Dynasty often came here to hunt, after being impressed by the local topography, purple appearance of the environs, valleys enclosed by lofty mountains, and three rivers.
Geography and transport.
Solun has an area of , and is located in a valley in the Greater Khingan Range. The area's climate is harsh, with only 90 to 105 frost-free days per annum. The three rivers crossing through the town's administrative area are the Tao'er River (洮儿河), Hagan River (哈干河), and the Manchu River (满族河). Important transport links include the Baicheng–Alxan Railway (白阿铁路) and the Inner Mongolia Provincial Highway 203, connecting the town with Baicheng (Jilin) and Ulan Hot.
Demographics.
Solun has a total population of 19,500, and the registered population (i.e. those with hukou permits) numbers 6,500. Around 40% of the population consists of Mongols, the other ethnic groups being the Han, Manchus, Koreans, Daurs, Oroqen, Evenks (Solon), and the Hui.

</doc>
<doc id="7041138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041138" title="Yoshiro Kataoka">
Yoshiro Kataoka



</doc>
<doc id="7041144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041144" title="Sacral articular crests">
Sacral articular crests



</doc>
<doc id="7041145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041145" title="Jalan Dewan Bahasa">
Jalan Dewan Bahasa



</doc>
<doc id="7041148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041148" title="South Brent, Somerset">
South Brent, Somerset



</doc>
<doc id="7041152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041152" title="Middle sacral crest">
Middle sacral crest



</doc>
<doc id="7041155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041155" title="Government Junta of Chile (1810)">
Government Junta of Chile (1810)

The First Government Junta of Chile, officially the Provisional Government Junta of the Kingdom in the name of Ferdinand VII, was the organization established to rule post-colonial Chile following the deposition and imprisonment of King Ferdinand VII of Spain by Napoleon Bonaparte. It was the earliest step in the Chilean struggle for independence, and the anniversary of its establishment is celebrated as the national day of Chile.
Background.
At the start of 1808, the Captaincy General of Chile—one of the smallest and poorest colonies in the Spanish Empire—was under the administration of Luis Muñoz de Guzmán, an able, respected and well-liked Royal Governor. In May 1808 the overthrow of Charles IV and Ferdinand VII, their replacement by Joseph Bonaparte and the start of the Peninsular War plunged the empire into a state of agitation. In the meantime, Chile was facing its own internal political problems. Governor Guzmán had suddenly died on February of that year and the crown had not been able to appoint a new governor before the invasion. After a brief interim regency by Juan Rodríguez Ballesteros, and according to the succession law in place at the time, the position was laid claim to and assumed by the most senior military commander, who happened to be Brigadier Francisco García Carrasco.
García Carrasco took over the post of Governor of Chile in April and in August the news of the Napoleonic invasion of Spain and of the conformation of a Supreme Central Junta to govern the Empire in the absence of a legitimate king reached the country. In the meantime, Charlotte Joaquina, sister of Ferdinand and wife of the King of Portugal, who was living in Brazil, also made attempts to obtain the administration of the Spanish dominions in Latin America. Since her father and brother were being held prisoners in France, she regarded herself as the heiress of her captured family. Allegedly among her plans was to send armies to occupy Buenos Aires and northern Argentina and to style herself as "Queen of La Plata".
Brigadier García Carrasco was a man of crude and authoritarian manners, who managed in a very short time to alienate the criollo elites under his command. Already in Chile, as in most of Latin America, there had been some independence agitation but very minimal and concentrated in the very ineffectual Conspiracy of the Tres Antonios back in 1781. The majority of the people were fervent royalists but were divided into two groups: those who favored the "status quo" and the divine right of Ferdinand VII (known as "absolutists") and those who wanted to proclaim Charlotte Joaquina as Queen (known as "carlotistas"). A third group was composed of those who proposed the replacement of the Spanish authorities with a local "junta" of notable citizens, which would conform a provisional government to rule in the absence of the king and an independent Spain (known as "juntistas").
In 1809 Governor García Carrasco himself was implicated in a flagrant case of corruption (the Scorpion scandal) that managed to destroy whatever remnants of moral authority he or his office had left. From that moment on the pressure for his removal began to build. In June 1810 news arrived from Buenos Aires that Napoleon Bonaparte's forces had conquered Andalusia and laid siege to Cádiz, the last redoubt against the French on Spanish soil. Moreover, the Supreme Central Junta, which had governed the Empire for the past two years, had abolished itself in favor of a Regency Council. García Carrasco, who was a supporter of the "Carlotist" group, managed to magnify the political problems by taking arbitrary and harsh measures, such as the arrest and deportation to Lima without due process of well-known and socially prominent citizens under simple suspicions of having been sympathetic to the "junta" idea. Among those arrested were José Antonio de Rojas, Juan Antonio Ovalle and Bernardo de Vera y Pintado.
The autonomy movement also had, inspired by the May Revolution in Argentina, thoroughly propagated through the criollo elite. They resented the illegal arrests and, together with the news that Cádiz was all that was left of a free Spain, finally solidified in their opposition to the Governor. Brigadier García Carrasco was suspended from office and forced to resign on July 16, 1810, to be in turn replaced by the next most senior soldier, Mateo de Toro Zambrano Count of la Conquista, even though a legitimate Governor, Francisco Javier de Elío, had already been appointed by the Viceroy of Peru.
Count Toro Zambrano was, by all standards, a very unorthodox selection. He was a very old man already (82 years old at the time) and moreover a "criollo" (someone born in the colonies) as opposed to a "peninsular" (someone born in Spain). Immediately after his appointment in July, the "juntistas" began to lobby him in order to obtain the formation of a junta. In August the Royal Appeals Court () took a public loyalty oath to the Regency Council in front of a massive audience, which put added pressure on the Governor to define himself. After vacillating for some time over which party to follow, Toro Zambrano finally agreed to hold an open "Cabildo" (city hall) meeting in Santiago to discuss the issue. The date was set for September 18, 1810 at 11 AM.
Establishment.
From the very beginning the "juntistas" took the political initiative. They were able to place their members in charge of sending the invitations, thus manipulating the assistance lists to their own advantage. At the September 18th session, they grabbed center stage with shouts of "¡Junta queremos! ¡junta queremos!" ("We want a junta! We want a junta"). Count Toro Zambrano, faced with this very public show of force, acceded to their demands by depositing his ceremonial baton on top of the main table and saying "Here is the baton, take it and rule". The discussion ended with the establishment of the Government Junta of the Kingdom of Chile, also known as the "First Junta", which was organized with the same powers held by a Royal Governor. In the discussion triumphed the idea of a local independent government as opposed to the monarchist idea of submitting themselves to the control of the Regency Council. Nonetheless, this idea of "independence" must not be taken in the modern sense. This junta never intended to sever the relationship with the monarchy, but was only taking advantage of the possibility to assert local rule.
Administrative measures.
Their first measure was to take a formal loyalty oath to Ferdinand VII as legitimate King. Count Toro Zambrano was elected President, and the rest of the positions were distributed equally among all parties, but the real power was left in the hands of the secretary, Juan Martínez de Rozas. The junta then proceeded to take some concrete measures that had been long-held aspirations of the colonials: it created a militia for the defense of the kingdom, decreed freedom of trade with all nations that were allied to Spain or neutrals, a unique tariff of 134% for all imports (with the exceptions of printing presses, books and guns which were liberated from all taxes) and in order to increase its representation, and ordered the convocation of a National Congress.
Immediately, political intrigue began amongst the ruling elite, with news of the political turbulence and wars of Europe all the while coming in. It was eventually decided that elections for the National Congress, to be composed of 42 representatives, would be held in 1811. By March of that year 36 representatives had already been elected in all major cities with the exception of Santiago and Valparaíso.
Political tendencies.
After the natural death of the president, Mateo de Toro Zambrano on February 26, 1811, he was replaced by Juan Martínez de Rozas, due to the illness of the Vice President, Bishop José Martínez de Aldunate, (who was to die on April 8, 1811).
Three political tendencies were starting to appear: the "extremists", the "moderates" and the "royalists". These groups were all decidedly against independence from Spain and differentiated themselves only in the degree of political autonomy that they sought. The "moderates" (), under the leadership of José Miguel Infante, were a majority, and wanted a very slow pace of reforms since they were afraid that once the King was back in power he would think that they were seeking independence and would roll-back all changes. The "exalted" () were the second most important group and they advocated a larger degree of freedom from the Crown and a faster pace of reforms stopping just short of full independence. His leader was Juan Martínez de Rozas. The "royalists" were against any reform at all and for the maintenance of the "status quo".
Figueroa Mutiny.
The great political surprise up to that point had been the results from the other center of power, Concepción, in which royalists had defeated the supporters of Juan Martínez de Rozas. In the rest of Chile, the results were more or less equally divided: twelve pro-Rozas delegates, fourteen anti-Rozas and three royalists. So, the Santiago elections were the key to Rozas' desire to remain in power. This election was supposed to take place on April 10, but before they could be called the Figueroa mutiny broke out.
On April 1, the royalist colonel Tomás de Figueroa—considering the notion of elections to be too populist—led a revolt in Santiago. The revolt sputtered, and Figueroa was arrested and summarily executed. The mutiny was successful in that temporarily sabotaged the elections, which had to be delayed. Eventually, however, a National Congress was duly elected, and all 6 deputies from Santiago came from the "moderate" camp. Nonetheless, the mutiny also encouraged a radicalization of political postures: even though "moderates" advocating only greater autonomy of the elites from Spanish Imperial control—without a complete rupture—gained the majority of seats, a vocal minority was formed by "excited" revolutionaries who now wanted complete and instant independence from Spain.
As a consequence of the mutiny, Martinez de Rozas was replaced on April 2, 1811, by Fernando Márquez de la Plata. The Royal Appeals Court, a long-standing pillar of support of the Spanish Crown, was dissolved for its alleged "complicity" and the idea of full independence gained momentum for the first time. The Junta lasted until July 4, 1811, when it was replaced by the National Congress, and later by the Second Junta.

</doc>
<doc id="7041157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041157" title="Yoshirou Kataoka">
Yoshirou Kataoka



</doc>
<doc id="7041159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041159" title="Muttur">
Muttur

Muttur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7041160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041160" title="1033 Simona">
1033 Simona

1033 Simona, provisional designation , is a stony Eoan asteroid from the outer regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 20 kilometers in diameter. The asteroid was discovered by George Van Biesbroeck in 1924, who named it after his daughter Simona.
Discovery.
"Simona" was discovered on 4 September 1924, by Belgian–American astronomer George Van Biesbroeck at Yerkes Observatory in Wisconsin, United States. On the following night, it was independently discovered by Soviet astronomer Sergey Belyavsky at Simeiz Observatory on the Crimean peninsula. As an anomaly, the asteroid's astrometric discovery record from 1924, , is missing in the observational history table provided by the Minor Planet Center. The first given observation is from 30 August 1938, made at Heidelberg Observatory.
Orbit and classifications.
"Simona" is a member of the Eos family, a collisional outer-belt family of untypical stony asteroids. It orbits the Sun at a distance of 2.6–3.4 AU once every 5 years and 2 months (1,898 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.12 and an inclination of 11° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins almost 13 years after its official discovery observation, with its identification at Uccle Observatory in February 1937.
Physical characteristics.
Lightcurves.
In September 2007, photometric observations at the Oakley Observatory in Indiana, United States, gave a fragmentary lightcurve with a rotation period of 10.07 hours and a brightness variation of 0.15 magnitude ().
Another fragmentary lightcurve of "Simona" was obtained by French amateur astronomer René Roy in August 2012. Lightcurve analysis gave a period of 9.6 hours with an amplitude of 0.02 magnitude ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, "Simona" measures between 19.195 and 23.72 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.12 and 0.196. The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" derives an albedo of 0.1050 and a diameter of 24.71 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 11.1.
Naming.
This minor planet was named after the discoverer's daughter Simona Titus (née Van Biesbroeck). The official naming citation was published by Paul Herget in "The Names of the Minor Planets" ().

</doc>
<doc id="7041164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041164" title="Kataoka Yoshirō">
Kataoka Yoshirō



</doc>
<doc id="7041171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041171" title="Kataoka Yoshiro">
Kataoka Yoshiro



</doc>
<doc id="7041178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041178" title="Sun Fun Festival">
Sun Fun Festival

The Sun Fun Festival of Myrtle Beach, South Carolina was first started in 1951 as a way to celebrate the beginning of the tourist season in the seaside community. Parades and family oriented events helped draw crowds down to the beach and the Myrtle Beach Pavilion. Early events included Human Checker Board games and a local "law" requiring everyone to wear shorts or a bathing suit or face a fine. Funds went to help build the area's first hospital, Ocean View Memorial Hospital. Beauty contests soon joined the fun of the festival and in 1952 the first Miss SC pageant was held at the Pavilion. Author Mickey Spillane was one of the judges. Long sponsored by Hawaiian Tropic Sun Tan Lotions, the festival now includes Miss Sun Fun and Miss Bikini Wahine.
The Sun Fun Festival is the longest running event in Myrtle Beach area history. It is consistently named one of the Southeast Tourism Society’s Top 20 Events.
However, the Myrtle Beach Chamber of Commerce cancelled the festival for 2012 and 2013, citing that "it does not bring visitors to the beach as it did in early years and it doesn't pay for itself".
On February 25, 2016, The Oceanfront Merchants Association announced the festival will once again be held. Buz Plyler, owner of Gay Dolphin Gift Cove, will be presenting sponsor.

</doc>
<doc id="7041207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041207" title="Heeley F.C.">
Heeley F.C.

Heeley F.C. was an English association football club based in Sheffield, Yorkshire.
History.
Heeley were one of the major teams in the area during the 1860s and 70s. The club was founded by attendees of the Christ Church in Heeley, in 1862 and played to the Sheffield rules until the merger with the Football Association in 1877. The club was named after the Sheffield suburb of the same name; until 1870 the club played at Wellsbrook Park before moving to Meersbrook. 
Heeley was involved in the formation of the Sheffield Football Association and played in the Youdan Cup. They built a fierce rivalry with The Wednesday, and met them in the first ever final of the Sheffield Challenge Cup at Bramall Lane, losing 3–4 after extra-time. They would go on to lose a further four Challenge Cup finals, but did win the final in 1882, putting five goals past an ower-awed Pye Bank in the final. One player, Billy Betts, had impressed Heeley so much that it persuaded Betts to join.
Their best player was Jack Hunter who played seven times for England and captained them once. They also had Peter Andrews, a Scottish International who played against England in 1875. Jack Hudson started his career at Heeley before joining Sheffield and then The Wednesday, and made one appearance for England.
Heeley entered the FA Cup throughout the 1880s, progressing the furthest into the competition with their maiden entry, a run to the fourth round of 1881–82, all achieved without leaving Sheffield: a home tie with Lockwood Brothers followed by short away trips to Sheffield and The Wednesday either side of a third-round bye. In their second attempt, in 1882–83, Heeley progressed to the second round after Grantham scratched only to lose 7–2 to Nottingham Forest. Forest would repeat the trick at the same stage two years on, after Heeley lost to their city rivals–Notts County–in the first round the intervening season. Having ended Eckington Works' involvement in the first round of 1885–86, Heeley's luck against Nottinghamshire clubs continued to elude them, this time Notts Rangers sinking the Sheffielders with a 1–6 away win.
The 1886–87 FA Cup campaign saw them beaten by Grimsby Town in the first round. Their start to the following edition was far better: a 9–0 win over nearby Attercliffe, however another Sheffield side, Owlerton, put Heeley out in round two. The club remained amateur in the face of professionalism, and the 1888–89 FA Cup saw it having to qualify for the first round beating Redcar 6–1, South Bank 2–1, Park Grange 3–1 and finally, revenge against Owlerton 5–1. They lost the first round to Walsall Town Swifts, and would never make the tournament proper again. Their final season in the FA Cup ended in the second qualifying round, losing to Sheffield United, though their final entries saw them withdraw from the 1890–91 and 1891–92 FA Cup qualifying rounds at the first hurdle.
In 1898, a new team from Heeley (Heeley Friends) was founded, and by 1899 it seems to have absorbed Heeley, as there are no further references to the club.
Colours.
The club's original colours were grey and white hoops. In 1877 the club changed to puce and black hoops with a red cap, and from 1879 the club wore violet and black, originally in hoops but in halves by 1888.
Honours.
League.
None

</doc>
<doc id="7041208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041208" title="Eastfield Mall">
Eastfield Mall

The Eastfield Mall was a shopping mall in Springfield, Massachusetts, which was owned by Mountain Development Corporation, and was built in late 1967 by the Rouse Company. The three anchors, JCPenney, Macy's, and Sears closed in 2011, 2016, and 2018, respectively. The movie theater, Cinemark, closed in 2020. Dave Thompson and John McGrath were the final property managers who led the property through the subsequent acquisition to Onyx Partners LTD. The property closed to the public in the summer of 2023, and demolition began soon after. The property is being renamed Springfield Crossing and will function as an open air shopping center that includes dining options. The Eastfield Mall was one of two retail malls that was owned and sold by Mountain Development.
History.
Eastfield Mall opened in 1968 with three anchors, two of which were local department stores: Forbes &amp; Wallace and Steiger's. The third anchor store, Sears, also opened with the mall. Forbes &amp; Wallace closed in 1975, leaving the space vacant; it was eventually sold to JCPenney, which moved into the former space. In 1994, Filene's, whose parent company, May Department Stores, had bought Steiger's, moved into their old space. This store became Macy's in 2006 after May was purchased by Federated Department Stores (Macy's parent company at the time). The 16-screen movie theater was added in August 1999 and was initially a Showcase Cinemas. The theater later became owned by Cinemark.
The addition of a Steve &amp; Barry's clothing store in 2006 put the mall at full occupancy for the first time since 1978. The store displaced nine smaller retail outlets, of which only two relocated within the mall. This store closed in 2008 following the chain's bankruptcy proceedings. In 2009, Hannoush Jewelers opened a showroom in the space vacated by Steve &amp; Barry's. In 2004, the mall implemented a teen escort policy, stating that any customer under the age of 15 must be with an escort after 5:00 PM. The JCPenney store was later downgraded to an outlet store and closed in 2011 when JCPenney eliminated its outlet store division.
On January 6, 2016, Macy's announced that it would be closing the Eastfield Mall location as part of a plan to close 36 stores nationwide. The store closed in April 2016.
On May 31, 2018, Sears announced that its store would also be closing on September 2, 2018, as part of a plan to close 78 stores nationwide, which left the mall with no store anchors.
In late June 2020, Cinemark closed permanently.
On April 5, 2023, it was announced that the mall would shutter in the summer of 2023 after almost 56 years. The mall closed for good on July 15, 2023. It was demolished from August 2023 to February 2024. The former Sears, which is separately owned, will be the only structure retained from the old mall.
Replacement.
The former Eastfield Mall location is now being redeveloped into the new Springfield Crossing, which is expected to open in summer 2025.

</doc>
<doc id="7041209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041209" title="Live And Beyond">
Live And Beyond



</doc>
<doc id="7041214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041214" title="LTR Standard">
LTR Standard

Within radio technology, LTR (Logic Trunked Radio) Standard systems have no dedicated control channel. All control data is sent as subaudible data along with voice transmissions. Each system site can have any number of radio channels from 1 through a maximum of 20. Each channel is made up of one channel controller connected to one radio repeater operating on one frequency. One controller is assigned as the master or system controller and all the other controllers report to it via a trunking data buss. This connection allows all the repeaters at a site to operate as one LTR system.
Each channel in the system is assigned a unique number (01 through 20) and these need not be sequentially assigned. Each subscriber radio must be programmed with all channels in the system in proper logical channel order (the same requirement as EDACS systems).
LTR Standard Talkgroups are written in the format A-HH-GGG.

</doc>
<doc id="7041215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041215" title="Live At The Boat Club">
Live At The Boat Club



</doc>
<doc id="7041236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041236" title="Central London Mosque">
Central London Mosque



</doc>
<doc id="7041244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041244" title="Peregrine (martyr)">
Peregrine (martyr)

St. Peregrine (Latin: "Peregrinus") the martyr was an early Christian martyr who died because he and fellow Christians refused to worship the Roman Emperor Commodus on his birthday.
His remains are buried in the Saint John's Abbey in Collegeville, Minnesota.
He is patron saint of Croatian city Umag.

</doc>
<doc id="7041246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041246" title="List of supporters of Pigouvian taxes">
List of supporters of Pigouvian taxes

The Pigou Club is described by its creator, economist Gregory Mankiw, as a “group of economists and pundits with the good sense to have publicly advocated higher Pigouvian taxes" A Pigouvian tax is a tax levied to correct the negative externalities (negative side-effects) of a market activity. These ideas are also known as an ecotaxes or green tax shifts.
Organizations.
"The Economist" has expressed support for Pigouvian policies as has "The Washington Post" Editorial Board, NPR's "Planet Money" and "The New York Times".

</doc>
<doc id="7041264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041264" title="Phil Gaston">
Phil Gaston



</doc>
<doc id="7041269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041269" title="Juan Vincente Gomez">
Juan Vincente Gomez



</doc>
<doc id="7041270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041270" title="Kataoka Yoshirou">
Kataoka Yoshirou



</doc>
<doc id="7041273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041273" title="1037 Davidweilla">
1037 Davidweilla

1037 Davidweilla, provisional designation , is an asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 7 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 29 October 1924, by Benjamin Jekhowsky at Algiers Observatory in Algeria, Northern Africa.
Classification and orbit.
"Davidweilla" orbits the Sun in the inner main-belt at a distance of 1.8–2.7 AU once every 3 years and 5 months (1,237 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.19 and an inclination of 6° with respect to the ecliptic.
The body's observation arc begins with its official discovery observation at Algiers.
Physical characteristics.
Diameter and albedo.
According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, "Davidweilla" measures 6.884 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.130.
Lightcurves.
As of 2017, no rotational lightcurve of "Davidweilla" has been obtained. The body's rotation period and shape remain unknown.
Naming.
This minor planet was named after David Weill, at the Sorbonne University in Paris. He was a member of the Academy of sciences. The official naming citation was published by Paul Herget in "The Names of the Minor Planets" ().

</doc>
<doc id="7041275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041275" title="Christopher Castellani">
Christopher Castellani

Christopher David Castellani (born 1972) is the author of four novels and a book of essays. 
Family and education.
Christopher Castellani, the son of Italian immigrants, was born and raised in Wilmington, Delaware, and graduated from Salesianum School in 1990. He holds a B.A. in English literature from Swarthmore College, an M.A. in English literature from Tufts University, and an M.F.A. in creative writing from Boston University. He resides in Boston, Massachusetts. He has been married to Michael Borum since May 21, 2004.
Novels and other publications.
Castellani is the author of four novels. His first book, "A Kiss from Maddalena", won the 2004 Massachusetts Book Award. That novel and his next two, "The Saint of Lost Things" and "All This Talk of Love", are devoted to the same Italian-American family and constitute, in one reviewer's phrase, "something of an opera buffa of the immigrant experience". He is also the author of "The Art of Perspective: Who Tells the Story", an installment in the writing craft series from Graywolf Press. His short fiction and essays have been included in several anthologies.
Castellani's most recent book, "Leading Men," is a fictionalized telling of the relationship between Tennessee Williams and Frank Merlo. New York Times book critic Dwight Garner said the novel "casts a spell right from the start" and "to hold it in your hands is like holding...a front-row opera ticket." Also in the Times, novelist David Leavitt called it "intricately designed as a Lego kit" and said "engineering may be the aspect of novel writing that deserves the most praise and gets the least, and Castellani is a first-rate engineer." The novel is divided into two narratives and includes the full text of an invented, and intentionally bad, Tennessee Williams play. "Leading Men" is currently being adapted into a feature film by Searchlight Pictures with a screenplay by playwright Matthew Lopez (writer). The film is being produced by Peter Spears and directed by Luca Guadagnino. 
Academic and professional career.
Castellani taught English literature at Tufts University (1997–2000) and creative writing as a visiting professor at Swarthmore College (2007). In 2004 and 2005, Castellani was a Fellow at the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference at Middlebury College, and has served on the Bread Loaf faculty as well as the faculty of the Fine Arts Work Center in Provincetown, MA. He is the former artistic director of the creative writing non-profit GrubStreet, and serves on the faculty of the Warren Wilson College MFA Program for Writers. From 2022 to 2024, Castellani was the Fannie Hurst Writer in Residence at Brandeis University.
As a result of the lawsuits between writers Sonya Larson and Dawn Dorland described in a 2021 "New York Times" article "Who Is the Bad Art Friend", some of Castellani's private emails were made public, including one where Castellani wrote of Dorland, "my mission in life is going to be to exact revenge on this pestilence of a person." GrubStreet director Eve Bridburg publicly expressed concern that Castellani's comments had "caused distrust and concern in our community." Castellani published an apology to the GrubStreet community, expressing regret for his words and saying, "I wrote some of those unprofessional emails as an admittedly hyperbolic, deliberatively provocative, and highly performative way of supporting my friend and fellow writer."

</doc>
<doc id="7041277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041277" title="Sultan Salman al-Saud">
Sultan Salman al-Saud



</doc>
<doc id="7041278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041278" title="Clark Natwick">
Clark Natwick

Clark Natwick is an American former cyclocross cyclist.
Career.
Natwick was the U.S. senior national cyclocross champion in 1981, 1986 and 1987. He is also the namesake for the Grand Prix Clark Natwick cyclocross race held each November in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park.
Natwick competed in several road racing events; he won the Mt. Hamilton Road Race racing with Greg LeMond.
Natwick is currently a coach in San Mateo, California.

</doc>
<doc id="7041280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041280" title="Gibbons Ruark">
Gibbons Ruark

Gibbons Ruark (born 1941) is a contemporary American poet. Known for his deeply personal often elegiac lyrics about his native North Carolina and beloved Ireland, Ruark has had poetry in such publications as "The New Yorker", "The New Republic", and "Poetry". His collections include "Rescue the Perishing", "Small Rain", "Keeping Company", "Reeds", "A Program for Survival", "Passing Through Customs: New and Selected Poems", "Staying Blue", and, most recently, "The Road to Ballyvaughan." He has won numerous awards including three Poetry Fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts, residencies at the Tyrone Guthrie Centre in Ireland and a Pushcart Prize.
Early years.
Gibbons Ruark was born in Raleigh, North Carolina, the son of a Methodist minister. When he was nine years old, his mother was hospitalized with a severe case of Polio, an incident which he writes about in several poems. He was brought up in various towns in North Carolina and in 1963 graduated from the University of North Carolina. That same year, he moved to Amherst, Massachusetts, where he and his wife Kay were married on October 5. Initially working as a bus boy in at the Lord Jeffrey Inn, he eventually earned a master's degree from the University of Massachusetts. While a student there, he took a poetry workshop with Joseph Langland and became friends with the poets Michael Heffernan and Robert Francis.
University of Delaware.
Having begun to publish poems in the mid-1960s, Ruark was hired at the University of Delaware in 1968 to replace the poet Robert Huff who had departed the previous year. It was at Delaware that Ruark first met James Wright, the Pulitzer Prize–winning Ohio poet. On the publication of Ruark's "Reeds", James Wright remarked that he considered Ruark "one of the finest poets now writing in English." Ruark's poetry continues to be compared to Wright's. The two remained close friends until Wright's death in 1980. In addition to Wright, Ruark became well acquainted with a number of other distinguished poets at the University of Delaware, such as W.D. Snodgrass who taught there until 1995.
Poetry.
Ruark's first book of poetry "A Program for Survival" was published in 1971 and received warm critical reviews. In the mid-1970s, Ruark lived for a year in Italy, which provided him with material for many of the poems in his next two books, "Reeds" in 1978 and "Keeping Company" in 1983. In 1976, Ruark met the Irish novelist Benedict Kiely who was visiting the University of Delaware for a term. In 1978 he visited Ireland for the first time. He returned to Ireland many times and was welcomed not only by his friend Kiely but also by the Nobel Prize–winning Irish poet Seamus Heaney and other Irish writers. The influence of Ireland can be seen in much of Ruark's poetry in the late 1980s and Irish subject matter is especially prevalent in many of the poems in his 1991 "Rescue the Perishing". In the 1990s Ruark continued to write and teach at the University of Delaware. "Passing Through Customs" an edition of his new and selected poems was published in 1999.
Currently.
Recently Ruark's poetry has been selected to appear in a number of anthologies. His poem "A Vacant Lot" appeared in "The Pushcart Book of Poetry: The Best Poems from 30 Years of the Pushcart Prize." Five of his poems appeared in "The Book of Irish American Poetry, From the 18th Century to the Present" and two appeared in "From the Other World: Poems in Memory of James Wright". Ruark retired from the University of Delaware in 2006, returning to Raleigh, North Carolina where he currently lives with his wife Kay. In 2008 his book "Staying Blue" appeared from Lost Hills Books in Duluth, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="7041285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041285" title="Praetor perigrinus">
Praetor perigrinus



</doc>
<doc id="7041299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041299" title="Aboriginal moiety">
Aboriginal moiety



</doc>
<doc id="7041310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041310" title="Kat Foster">
Kat Foster

Kat Foster is an American stage and screen actress known for her roles in the TV series "'Til Death", "The Unusuals", "Your Family or Mine", "The Goodwin Games" and "Jean-Claude Van Johnson" among others. She has also starred in films including "Rebirth" (2016), "Spoonful of Sugar" (2022), and "Fear the Night" (2023), among others.
Early life and education.
Foster was born in Oakland, California and graduated from The College Preparatory School. A classically trained dramatic actress, Foster studied acting at the New York University Tisch School of the Arts. She also trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
Career.
Foster has performed in many off-Broadway and regional productions, including "The Democracy Project" with Naked Angels, King of Shadows, Small Craft Warnings, Sundown and Tempest among others.
Her past TV appearances include roles on "Weeds", "Family Guy", "The Book of Daniel", "Law &amp; Order", Til Death", ', "Royal Pains", and "." In addition, she starred with Bobby Cannavale and Donnie Wahlberg in the NBC pilot "NY-70", a stylized police show set in the 1970s, and in the CBS pilot "Webster Report", about a reluctant New York detective with Cannavale and Stanley Tucci. She has also starred in Amy Miller Gross’ "Accommodations", and Amazon series "Jean-Claude Van Johnson" opposite Jean-Claude Van Damme. In 2020, she starred in the film "First One In' "and in 2022, she appeared in Nadine Crocker's film "Desperation Road. "She has also appeared in the films, "Susie Searches" and "Continue" along with a limited series for Starz called "Gaslit".
Awards.
Foster was awarded Best Actress for her performance in "Final Countdown" at the 2003 New York International Fringe Festival.
Personal life.
Foster's father managed bands. As a child, she danced in "The Nutcracker" with the San Francisco Ballet. She is married to Jim Hustead and has two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="7041312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041312" title="1040 Klumpkea">
1040 Klumpkea

1040 Klumpkea, provisional designation "", is a Tirela asteroid from the outer regions of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 20 January 1925, by Russian–French astronomer Benjamin Jekhowsky at the Algiers Observatory in North Africa. This highly elongated asteroid is the largest member of the stony Tirela family – also known as the Klumpkea family – and has a longer than average rotation period of 59.2 hours. It was named after American astronomer Dorothea Klumpke.
Orbit and classification.
"Klumpkea" is the largest member of the Tirela family (), a large asteroid family of more than a thousand members which has been further divided into 8 different subclusters. The family is named after 1400 Tirela. Alternatively it is also known as the Klumpkea family by Milani and Knežević.
It orbits the Sun in the outer asteroid belt at a distance of 2.5–3.7 AU once every 5 years and 6 months (2,006 days; semi-major axis of 3.11 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.19 and an inclination of 17° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins at Algiers on its official discovery observation in January 1925.
Naming.
This asteroid was named after American astronomer Dorothea Klumpke (1861–1943), spouse of Welsh astronomer Isaac Roberts (1829–1904). Dorothea Klumpke was the first woman to receive the degree of Doctor of Mathematical Sciences at the Sorbonne University in Paris, France. The official naming citation was mentioned in "The Names of the Minor Planets" by Paul Herget in 1955 (). The asteroid 339 Dorothea has also been named in her honor by its discoverer Max Wolf.
Physical characteristics.
"Klumpkea" spectral type is uncertain. Although the overall spectral type of the Tirela/Klumpkea family is that of a stony S-type, which agrees with observations by the WISE/Akari surveys, the "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" (CALL) assumes it to be a carbonaceous C-type asteroid, based on the low albedo measured by SIMPS "(see below)".
Rotation period and pole.
In February 2002, a rotational lightcurve of "Klumpkea" was obtained from seven consecutive nights of photometric observations by Robert Stephens at his Santana Observatory in California. Lightcurve analysis was difficult and only gave a provisional rotation period of hours with a high brightness amplitude of 0.77 magnitude (), indicative of an elongated shape.
In 2016, a modeled lightcurve gave a concurring sidereal period of hours using data from the Uppsala Asteroid Photometric Catalogue, the Palomar Transient Factory survey, and individual observers (such as above), as well as sparse-in-time photometry from the NOFS, the Catalina Sky Survey, and the La Palma surveys . The study also determined a spin axis for "Klumpkea" of (172.0°, 48.0°) in ecliptic coordinates (λ, β).
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, "Klumpkea" measures between 22.34 and 34.98 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.063 and 0.245. CALL assumes a carbonaceous standard albedo of 0.057 and calculates a diameter of 44.22 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 10.5.

</doc>
<doc id="7041329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041329" title="A Go Go (John Scofield album)">
A Go Go (John Scofield album)

A Go Go is an album by the jazz guitarist John Scofield. It is his first collaboration with Medeski Martin &amp; Wood.
Track listing.
All compositions by John Scofield.

</doc>
<doc id="7041330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041330" title="The Witches of Worm">
The Witches of Worm

The Witches of Worm is a 1972 young adult novel by Zilpha Keatley Snyder. It received the Newbery Honor citation in 1973.
Plot.
Jessica, a lonely pre-teen girl, finds a blind, almost hairless kitten that she names Worm. A reclusive elderly neighbor, Mrs. Fortune, helps her to wean and raise him. Worm seems to have a terrible hold on Jessica, compelling her to do cruel and destructive things to people in her life who have upset her. Jessica's victims include her former best friend Brandon and her childish and emotionally distant divorced mother. As Jessica's destructive actions escalate, her mother attempts to send her to counseling, which further enrages and upsets her.
Jessica comes to believe that Worm is possessed by a group of witches that includes Mrs. Fortune. When Jessica finds herself contemplating Mrs. Fortune's murder, she realizes she is in danger of going too far, and decides to exorcise Worm herself in order to break his hold over her. After a dramatic exorcism, culminating in a nighttime chase during a bad thunderstorm, Worm becomes a normal cat, and Jessica is reconciled with her mother and Brandon, causing her to think that she not only exorcised Worm but also herself.
Reception.
In a starred review "Kirkus Reviews" wrote "There's some danger that adults will be as spooked by Jessica as she is by Worm's evil eye, but the cat's bewitchment proves a perfect medium for a sensitive, sympathetic probing of a disturbed child's fears and anger -- and for a story that economically, seemingly effortlessly, captures the elusive eeriness of the supernatural."
Common Sense Media said "Kids who love a good mystery will eat this one up."
In 1972, a New York Times review of the book noted, "Perhaps because she never underestimates the mystery, perhaps because she walks the thin line between real and phan tom worlds so knowingly, Mrs. Snyder's brand of fantasy is convincing on many levels."
Controversy.
The book has often been banned from school libraries in the United States because of its focus on the subject of witchcraft, the description of visions or nightmares Jessica experiences, and its protagonist's disturbing inner monologues with Worm/herself.

</doc>
<doc id="7041344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041344" title="PassPort NTS">
PassPort NTS

PassPort is a type of LTR Trunked radio system designed by Trident Micro Systems, which consists of multiple radio repeater sites linked together to form a wide-area radio dispatch network.
Purpose.
Radio signals have a limitation due to distance and terrain. If two radios are far apart, or there is a mountain in the way, they will not be able to communicate. To alleviate this, radio repeaters are installed on mountaintops to repeat the signal from one radio to another, or group of others. This is a standard repeater site. The signal is received by the repeater from the originating radio and re-broadcast so the receiving radio(s) can receive the radio signal. A repeater site gives approximately a 50-mile radius of coverage. 
Trunk ed radio is a method of using a bank of channels (frequencies) to repeat for multiple "Talk Groups" or fleet of radios. Many Talk Groups can share the channels, without hearing each other's conversation. A Passport system combines both of these technologies as a network of linked repeaters over a wide area that repeat the signal from several mountaintops simultaneously.
Operation.
A Talk Group, or fleet of radios, has a "Home Site". The talk group information, which consists of the talk group and radio IDs of a fleet, are stored in this site. When a user turns a radio on, it attempts to register on the Home Site based on the frequencies programmed in the radio. If the radio sees a signal from the home site, and the signal is of usable strength, it registers on the home site. If the radio cannot see the signal from the home site, it starts trying other programmed frequencies of other PassPort sites in the network. When the radio finds a site that has sufficient signal strength, it attempts to register as a "Roamer". The site that the radio is attempting to log on to query the home site for permission to register the Roamer radio. If permission is granted, the radio is registered to the remote site. After that, any voice traffic from the Talk Group of the roamer is not only repeated at the Home Site, but also to the remote site which the radio is registered. When the Roamer roams to a different site, or back to its home site, the Talk Group voice traffic ceases to be repeated at the first site the roamer registered to. The radio monitors signal strength constantly and when the strength falls below a set threshold, the radio starts searching for a site with a stronger signal. If the radio finds a stronger signal, it attempts to register to that site.
Channels.
Each PassPort Trunked radio site has 3 important channels: 
The local home channel and Seed List are programmed into the radio by the dealer. When a radio registers on a site, whether it is a home or roam site, it is also given an "almanac" of nearby neighbor site frequencies via DFA broadcast (direct frequency assignment) allowing radios the ability to Roam in large Systems bigger than the Seed List capability or when System Frequency/Channel changes have occurred without having to physically reprogram the Radio. When the currently registered site signal drops below a programmed RSSI (receive signal strength indication) threshold, it first searches the DFA almanac frequencies for a better signal. As it exhausts the almanac, it starts on a "seed list" which are frequencies of all or most sites in the PassPort Radio network.
There are currently no Radio scanners available that will track a PassPort system.

</doc>
<doc id="7041345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041345" title="Keith E. Gottfried">
Keith E. Gottfried



</doc>
<doc id="7041346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041346" title="Dom Dinis">
Dom Dinis



</doc>
<doc id="7041350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041350" title="1041 Asta">
1041 Asta

1041 Asta, provisional designation , is a carbonaceous background asteroid from the outer regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 57 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 22 March 1925, by German astronomer Karl Reinmuth at the Heidelberg Observatory in southwest Germany. The asteroid was likely named after Danish actress Asta Nielsen.
Orbit and classification.
"Asta" is a non-family asteroid from the main belt's background population. It orbits the Sun in the outer main-belt at a distance of 2.6–3.5 AU once every 5 years and 5 months (1,968 days; semi-major axis of 3.07 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.14 and an inclination of 14° with respect to the ecliptic. The asteroid was first observed as at Heidelberg in November 1906, where the body's observation arc begins one month later in December 1906.
Physical characteristics.
In the SMASS classification, "Asta" is a carbonaceous C-type asteroid. Pan-STARRS photometric survey also characterizes the asteroid as a C-type.
Rotation period.
Photometric observations of "Asta" collected at the Australian Oakley Southern Sky Observatory and the U.S. Oakley Observatory in October 2008 show a rotation period of 7.99 hours with a brightness variation of 0.22 magnitude (). In February 2010, a refined lightcurve with a period of 7.554 hours and an amplitude of 0.14 magnitude was obtained by French amateur astronomer Pierre Antonini, who also mentioned the possibility of an alternative period solution ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, "Asta" measures between 43.46 and 61.852 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.0421 and 0.08.
The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" derives an albedo of 0.0493 and a diameter of 57.16 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 10.1.
Naming.
This minor planet was likely named after Danish actress Asta Nielsen (1881–1972), according to research by the author of the "Dictionary of Minor Planet Names", Lutz Schmadel (LDS). The naming was proposed by ARI-astronomer Gustav Stracke.

</doc>
<doc id="7041353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041353" title="Broomfield Park">
Broomfield Park

Broomfield Park was a football stadium in Airdrie, North Lanarkshire, home of Airdrieonians from 1892 until it was closed after the 1993–94 football season.It was just wide, and was built in a natural hollow. The record attendance at Broomfield Park was 24,000, in a Scottish Cup quarter-final match against Hearts on 8 March 1952.
History.
Airdrieonians F.C. was formed in 1878 and the club opened Broomfield in 1892. The Broomfield corner pavilion was built in 1907. After winning the 1923–24 Scottish Cup, the club built a main stand, adjacent to the pavilion. The record attendance at Broomfield Park was 24,000, in a Scottish Cup quarter-final match against Hearts on 8 March 1952. Floodlights were installed in 1956, and a roof was built over the Enclosure (opposite the main stand) in 1959. The ground was unusually narrow, at just wide, and was built in a natural hollow. These physical features, and the proximity of the stands to the pitch, meant that Broomfield had a particularly raucous and oppressive atmosphere when crowded, which visiting clubs disliked but was advantageous to the home side.
Airdrieonians first explored the options for moving from Broomfield in 1989. A planning application was rejected by a public inquiry in 1993, but that same hearing allowed Broomfield to be redeveloped as a supermarket. Airdrieonians chose to sell Broomfield to supermarket chain Safeway (now a Morrison's supermarket after the latter taking over the former's UK stores) despite not having an alternative ground ready to move into. The last game at Broomfield was played on 7 May 1994 and the club then shared Broadwood Stadium, in Cumbernauld, with Clyde. Monklands District backed a plan for a 10,000-seat stadium at Raebog, but the proposal was rejected by Strathclyde Region in October 1995. A proposal for a site at Craigneuk was rejected by Monklands District in April 1996. After four years at Broadwood, Airdrieonians moved into the Shyberry Excelsior Stadium in 1998. Airdrieonians was liquidated in 2002 and replaced by Airdrie United. In June 2013, the Scottish Football Association permitted Airdrie United to formally change their name back to Airdrieonians.

</doc>
<doc id="7041356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041356" title="The Alien (novel)">
The Alien (novel)



</doc>
<doc id="7041364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041364" title="Trunked radio site">
Trunked radio site



</doc>
<doc id="7041367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041367" title="Anbar province">
Anbar province



</doc>
<doc id="7041368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041368" title="Al-Anbar province">
Al-Anbar province



</doc>
<doc id="7041374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041374" title="Al Anbar province">
Al Anbar province



</doc>
<doc id="7041375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041375" title="1042 Amazone">
1042 Amazone

1042 Amazone, provisional designation , is a dark asteroid and slow rotator in the outer asteroid belt, approximately 70 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 22 April 1925, by German astronomer Karl Reinmuth at Heidelberg Observatory in southern Germany. It is named after the Amazons from Greek mythology.
Orbit and classification.
"Amazone" orbits the Sun in the outer main-belt at a distance of 3.0–3.5 AU once every 5 years and 10 months (2,131 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.09 and an inclination of 21° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins three weeks after its official discovery observation.
Physical characteristics.
The carbonaceous asteroid has been characterized as a dark and reddish P-type asteroid by the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer (WISE), and as an X-type asteroid by Pan-STARRS photometric survey.
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite, and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's WISE space-telescope, "Amazone" measures between 63.9 and 73.6 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.039 to 0.054. The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" derives an albedo of 0.036 and a diameter of 73.6 kilometers.
Slow rotator.
In April 2005, astronomer Brian Warner obtained two divergent rotational lightcurves for "Amazone". The longer solution gave a long rotation period of 540 hours with a brightness variation of 0.25 magnitude () The astronomer assumes the full lightcurve to be bimodal, having two maximums and minimums per rotation.
Naming.
Based on a proposal by Gustav Stracke, the asteroid was named after the Amazons, a race of woman warriors in Greek mythology. They had no men and joined with their neighbors, killed the sons and educated the daughters of whom the teats were burnt so that they could discharge the arrows more rapidly. The asteroids 271 Penthesilea and 10295 Hippolyta were named after queens of the Amazons, while 5143 Heracles was named after the hero who fought them.

</doc>
<doc id="7041382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041382" title="Eugene Bennett Fluckey">
Eugene Bennett Fluckey



</doc>
<doc id="7041392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041392" title="LTR Standard and Passport">
LTR Standard and Passport



</doc>
<doc id="7041398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041398" title="U.S. Go Congress">
U.S. Go Congress

The U.S. Go Congress is the largest annual Go event in the United States, first held in 1985 and now into its 35th consecutive year. It is organized by the American Go Association in conjunction with one or more local clubs, and is a week-long tournament and learning opportunity for Go players. Several hundred people generally attend, including a number of professional players. A few major tournaments are incorporated into the week, including the U.S. Open and the North American Masters (NAMT) tournament.
U.S. Open.
The U.S. Open is a six-round Swiss-McMahon Go tournament with the longest time limits of any North American tournament. The Open is the largest Go tournament in North America. In 2006 and 2007, the tournament's top prize was $2,000.
Players are grouped by strength into different sections. These range from beginners (33kyu - 30kyu) to the advanced open section (7 dan and above).
Until 2014, High dan players (4 dan and above) received a base time of 120 minutes with 5 - 30 second byo-yomi periods. All other players received a base time of 90 minutes with 5 - 30 second byo-yomi periods. From 2014 thru 2024, all players in the U.S. Open received the same time of 90 minutes base time with 5 - 30 second byo-yomi periods. Starting in 2025, the AGA switched from byo-yomi to bonus time (also known as Fisher time). The 2025 setting for the U. S. Open (including the Masters) is 60 minutes basic time and 20 seconds increment.
Additionally, beginning in 2014, the open section of the U.S. Open (7 dan and above) was combined with the North American Ing Masters into a 9-round tournament with a top prize of $5,000. Players who were not 7 dan but had accumulated a sufficient number of qualifier points were also eligible to play in this section. Players who were 7 dan or above who did not wish to play in the North American Masters Tournament were allowed to play in the top section of the U.S. Open, which now combined 6 dan and 7 dan players, albeit with a lower amount of prize money at stake.

</doc>
<doc id="7041409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041409" title="Basidiobolomycosis">
Basidiobolomycosis

Basidiobolomycosis is a fungal disease caused by "Basidiobolus ranarum". It may appear as one or more painless firm nodules in the skin which becomes purplish with an edge that appears to be slowly growing outwards. A serious but less common type affects the stomach and intestine, which usually presents with abdominal pain, fever and a mass.
"B. ranarum", can be found in soil, decaying vegetables and has been isolated from insects, some reptiles, amphibians, and mammals. The disease results from direct entry of the fungus through broken skin such as an insect bite or trauma, or eating contaminated food. It generally affects people who are well.
Diagnosis is by medical imaging, biopsy, microscopy, culture and histopathology. Treatment usually involves amphotericin B and surgery.
Although "B. ranarum" is found around the world, the disease Basidiobolomycosis is generally reported in tropical and subtropical areas of Africa, South America, Asia and Southwestern United States. It is rare. The first case in a human was reported from Indonesia in 1956 as a skin infection.
Signs and symptoms.
Basidiobolomycosis may appear as a firm nodule in the skin which becomes purplish with an edge that appears to be slowly growing outwards. It is generally painless but may feel itchy or burning. There can be one lesion or several, and usually on the arms or legs of children. Pus may be present if a bacterial infection also occurs. The infection can spread to nearby structures such as muscles, bones and lymph nodes.
A serious but less common type affects the stomach and intestine, which usually presents with tummy ache, fever and a lump. Lymphoedema may occur.
Mechanism.
Basidiobolomycosis is a type of Entomophthoromycosis, the other being conidiobolomycosis, and is caused by "Basidiobolus ranarum", a fungus belonging to the order Entomophthorales. "B. ranarum" has been found in soil, decaying vegetables and has been isolated from insects some reptiles, amphibians, and mammals. The disease results from direct entry of the fungus through broken skin such as an insect bite or trauma, or eating contaminated food. Diabetes may be a risk factor. The exact way in which infection results is not completely understood.
Diagnosis.
Diagnosis is by culture and biopsy.
A review in 2015 showed that the most common finding on imaging of the abdomen was a mass in the bowel, the liver, or multiple sites and bowel wall thickening. Initially, many were considered to have either a cancer of the bowel or Crohns disease.
Treatment.
Treatment usually involves itraconazole or amphotericin B, combined with surgical debridement. Bowel involvement may be better treated with voriconazole.
Epidemiology.
The condition is rare but emerging. Men and children are affected more than females. The disease is generally reported in tropical and subtropical areas of Africa, South America, Asia and several cases in Southwestern United States.
History.
The first case in a human was reported from Indonesia as a skin infection in 1956. In 1964, the first case involving stomach and intestine was reported.
Society and culture.
Cases among gardeners in Arizona, US, may indicate an occupational hazard, but is unproven.
Other animals.
Basidiobolomycosis has been reported in a dog.

</doc>
<doc id="7041413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041413" title="1043 Beate">
1043 Beate

1043 Beate, provisional designation , is a stony asteroid from the outer region of the asteroid belt, approximately 32 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered by German astronomer Karl Reinmuth at the Heidelberg-Königstuhl State Observatory on 22 April 1925. Any reference of its name to a person is unknown.
Orbit and classification.
"Beate" orbits the Sun in the outer main-belt at a distance of 3.0–3.2 AU once every 5 years and 5 months (1,990 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.04 and an inclination of 9° with respect to the ecliptic. The asteroid's observation arc begins at the discovering observatory in May 1925, 3 weeks after its official discovery observation.
Physical characteristics.
In the Tholen classification, "Beate" is a common S-type asteroid.
Rotation period.
In April 2006, a rotational lightcurve of "Beate" was obtained from photometric observations by American astronomer Brian Warner at his Palmer Divide Observatory () in Colorado. It gave a longer-than average rotation period of hours with a brightness variation of 0.47 magnitude ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite, and NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, "Beate" measures between 31.6 and 41.0 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.128 and 0.241. The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" derives an albedo of 0.2517 and a diameter of 31.85 kilometers with an absolute magnitude of 9.6.
Naming.
For this minor planet, any reference of its name to a person or occurrence is unknown.
Unknown meaning.
Among the many thousands of named minor planets, "Beate" is one of 120 asteroids, for which no official naming citation has been published. All of these low-numbered asteroids have numbers between and and were discovered between 1876 and the 1930s, predominantly by astronomers Auguste Charlois, Johann Palisa, Max Wolf and Karl Reinmuth.

</doc>
<doc id="7041416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041416" title="Ausgeflippt">
Ausgeflippt

Ausgeflippt is Hanzel und Gretyl's debut full-length album, released on October 10, 1995, via Energy Records. It is mostly techno-industrial, unlike later releases. The album featured mostly German and English lyrics, but also featured lyrics in Romanian ("Apa Mare"), Greek ("Galaxia Malakia") and French ("L'Experience des Difficultés Technique"). It received some good reviews upon its release, and even spawned a successful single in the form of "Shine 2001", which reached number one on the Alternative Press Dance Chart.
Reception.
The album lead to the band being picked up to tour with Marilyn Manson in 1995 after only playing a few local shows. Lollipop Magazine gave a positive review and noted that "Hanzel Und Gretyl created a blend of edgy guitars and digital noises that seemed to have visited us from the future." Soul Killer Webzine stated that "it's got memorable songs and a few chunky industrial sections."

</doc>
<doc id="7041422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041422" title="LTR MultiNet">
LTR MultiNet

LTR MultiNet Systems are APCO-16 compliant LTR Trunked Radio Systems and thus are mostly found in use as public safety systems. LTR MultiNet systems usually have one or more "status channels" that act like a control channel in a Motorola or EDACS system, however these channels can also carry voice transmissions simultaneously.
APCO 16 compliance.
Some trunked systems queue calls if a user's attempt to transmit gets a busy signal. In other words, if someone presses their push-to-talk button and all trunked radio system channels are busy, some systems will wait-list users in the same order as their busy signals occur. When a channel becomes available, the system notifies the user. There is disagreement about MultiNet's ability to queue calls when all channels are busy. Usually, the control channel is the path allowing wait-listed users to get in line. One publication says MultiNet communicates using low baud rate data multiplexed under voice if all channels are busy. One report says MultiNet users on a live system who got a busy had to either hold their push-to-talk button down continually until the system assigned them a channel or periodically check for an available channel by repeatedly pressing the push-to-talk.
Typical system capabilities.
Like any trunked system, LTR MultiNet allows users to be grouped to virtual channels on a system backbone. The system backbone consists of repeaters configured to support the LTR protocol. The virtual channels, called "system" and "group", are controlled by the system electronics. In an LTR system, the electronics that set up communications between radios are housed in each radio set, (scan-based). The MultiNet system has some form of central controller in addition to the scan-based radio electronics. When idle, radios scan all system channels searching for a valid system-and-group call. When a valid call is detected, all radios set to the detected "system" and "group", (virtual channel) meet on a physical channel and can communicate. A valid call could be an individual call or a call to a group of radios. 
There are group virtual channels, where groups of mobile and hand held radios are addressed based on their "system" and "group" (virtual channel selector) setting. On a commercial system, a typical group might be a small business such as a towing company. On a government system, a typical group might be a group of people in a department with similar tasks such as the city street department. When any user in the group talks, all radios with their selector set to that group meet on a virtual channel and can communicate. When the conversation ends, radios immediately begin a search for another call.
Units can be individual-called: a dispatcher can call a single mobile or hand-held radio and initiate a conversation that will not be heard by any other radios in the system. A form of individual call is the telephone patch. Some systems allow half-duplex telephone calls to be placed. The radio user must use the push-to-talk button to speak and cannot talk and receive simultaneously.
Unlike central-controlled trunked systems, LTR MultiNet does not provide a busy queue. If a user gets a busy signal, they will not automatically be called when a channel becomes available. 
Radios have an "emergency" capability which can alert a dispatch center that the person with the radio has pressed an emergency button and needs assistance.
San Rafael, California Police Department system.
After six years of use, a consultant was hired in May 1994 to evaluate perceived problems with the Police LTR MultiNet radio system. A committee was convened to review the consultant report and devise a strategy to resolve issues. A 1995 report to the Mayor and City Council found the city's Police LTR system could not be fixed, "...without redesigning or replacement of the E. F. Johnson system and/or its components." The report describes problems with the specific MultiNet system implemented by San Rafael Police including: 
Estimated replacement cost for the system as of the 1995 report's date was $1,190,000. The committee recommended replacement of the trunked system with a conventional simulcast system. San Rafael now uses the MERA (Marin County) Motorola ASTRO SmartZone system and got rid of the LTR-Multinet system.

</doc>
<doc id="7041428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041428" title="Singapore Indian Development Association">
Singapore Indian Development Association

The Singapore Indian Development Association (SINDA) is a charity for the Singaporean Indian community. Set up to focus on educational and socio-economic matters, its mission is to “build a well-educated, resilient and confident community of Indians that stands together with other communities in contributing to the progress of multi-racial Singapore”.
SINDA is one of four "self-help groups" available for each ethnic community in Singapore — which also include the Chinese Development Assistance Council, Eurasian Association and Yayasan Mendaki — which provide a variety of programmes and services to assist its community. It is the only SHG to have its own family service centre, which assists communities on interpersonal and family-related issues.
SINDA's programmes revolve primarily around the themes of education, youth, family and children, social and financial assistance, and community.
SINDA Subsidy.
All of SINDA’s programmes are heavily subsidised or provided at no cost to Singaporean Indians. From January 2024, the criteria were:
Family Per Capita Income (PCI) refers to the total monthly nett monthly household income divided by the number of members living in the household. PCI is used by SINDA to assess the eligibility of individuals and families for financial assistance and programme fee subsidies.
History.
Before 2000.
1990: Then Director of Welfare at the Ministry of Community Development, K V Veloo, recognised the social obstacles faced by sectors of the Indian community. Alongside S. Vasoo and S. Chandra Das, they formed the Singapore Indian Welfare Association (SIWA) to help Indian individuals and families sort out their social difficulties. It was later renamed to SINDA, or Singapore Indian Development Association, with E Sukumar announced as the president.
1991: The Action Committee on Indian Education (ACIE), chaired by J Y Pillay, highlighted the educational under-performance of Indian students and recommended wide-ranging remedial measures. Several courses of action were proposed and one of them was to have SINDA operate on two fronts; the Education Wing, aimed at Indian students and their parents, and the Welfare Wing, which would focus on reinforcing healthy and happy family relationships. The new SINDA came into effect in August 1991, with S Iswaran as Chief Executive Officer. 
1992: SINDA Tutorials for Enhanced Performance (STEP) was launched and by March, 2,600 students had enrolled in the programme through referrals of educators and parents. STEP centres were made more accessible, fees affordable, class sizes kept small and trainings for tutors were enhanced.
1996: The Youth Development Wing was initiated to develop, engage and motivate Indian youth, in activities such as holiday enrichment programmes like camps and community service.
2000 – 2010.
By the 2000s, in tandem with evolving trends, SINDA diversified its programmes and services – counselling, talks and workshops on parenting, student mentoring and IT training were provided. SINDA strengthened its relationships with community partners, and groups such as community centres, Indian Activity Executive Committees (IAECs), Indian organisations and religious organisations.
New programmes were introduced and collaborations with the community increased as well, stemming from heightened networking and the collective interest of working towards uplifting the Indian community in Singapore – Project Give was launched, Teach programme was introduced to help weak students, Project Athena to empower single Indian mothers to become confident and independent and the Back To School Festival, which allows students to receive stationery and shoe vouchers for the new school year. 
SINDA also launched its newsletter, SINDA Connections in 2008 and today, it is circulated to some 62,000 Indian households and community organisations to keep them updated on SINDA news.
In 2010, the SINDA Youth Club (SYC) was established, targeting at 18 to 35 year olds. SYC’s aim is to nurture generations of Indian leaders with a passion for community building and social leadership.
2011 to Present.
In 2011, as part of its 20th anniversary, SINDA launched the SINDA 2020 review to gauge how far the community had come and the progress still required. The review resulted in the “SINDA 2020: A New Momentum” report, which recommended key strategies for SINDA to focus on.
Following this report, SINDA restructured its goals by increasing the capacity and impact of existing programmes to improve its services to the community. While signature programmes and events continued to run, new and improved programmes that cater to the evolving needs of the community were piloted and subsequently implemented.
Devising a new strategy for outreach – called the “Flipped-model” was one of the enhancements SINDA made to engage the community more effectively. In doing so, SINDA actively reached out to its target audience to forge stronger connections and understand ground issues better.
For instance, the Door Knocking Exercise, targeted at specific neighbourhoods with higher concentration of low-income Indian families, was piloted 2016. In 2017, it was introduced as a new programme that helped SINDA connect better with Indian heart landers and tend to their needs and concerns. 2016 was also the year that the Prisons Outreach programme was piloted, through which SINDA provided family assistance to inmates’ families who required help during the inmates’ incarceration. 2018 saw the launch of the SINDA Bus which serves as a mobile satellite centre to extend SINDA’s reach into the heartlands.
While SINDA benefits the community through initiatives for various groups, volunteers remain crucial to many SINDA programmes and they function as the engines that power the organisation’s efforts. As of 2019, close to 700 volunteers were active at SINDA.
Signature Events.
SINDA Excellence Awards.
The highest honours bestowed by SINDA upon Indian students who have achieved excellence in their respective academic, arts or sports fields.
Joint Tuition Awards.
An annual ceremony, held in collaboration with the other Self-Help Groups, that recognises top students with significant improvements at landmark examinations across all four Self-Help Groups’ tuition programmes.
Back to School Festival.
A year-end carnival that brings together families in a festive atmosphere and presents students with vouchers to purchase essential items for school, in preparation for the new academic year.
Project Give.
An annual fundraising campaign that allows individuals to learn more about SINDA’s initiatives and contribute towards the needs of the Indian community.
SINDA Appreciation Ceremony.
A biennial event that recognises SINDA partners and volunteers for their contribution to the community.
Affiliated Centres.
SINDA Youth Hub.
The SINDA Youth Hub was launched in 2018 to serve as a conducive space for students to study in and spend their time in meaningful ways. It also serves as a bridge, linking youth to many other programmes and services offered by SINDA.
Vibrance @ Yishun Self-Help Groups Centre.
The ‘Vibrance @ Yishun’ Self-Help Groups Centre is a collaboration between the four SHGs. Launched in 2018, Vibrance offers students and families enrichment programmes, educational talks and life skills workshops. The centre also helps SHGs meet the needs of their respective communities, by enabling them to run programmes and activities for their respective beneficiaries.
Board.
SINDA is overseen by two bodies – the Board of Trustees and the Executive Committee. These bodies are supported by various sub-committees, each with a specialised focus. Senior Minister and Coordinating Minister for Social Policies, Tharman Shanmugaratnam, is Chairman of SINDA’s Board of Trustees, while Indranee Rajah, Minister, Prime Minister’s Office, Second Minister for Finance and National Development is President of SINDA’s Executive Committee.
SINDA Community Fund.
All working Singaporean Indians are expected to contribute monthly to the SINDA Community Fund through the Central Provident Fund Board (CPFB) – a community fund for the benefit of Indians, especially in the areas of education, youth support and family assistance.
This includes all working Indians in Singapore who are Singapore Citizens, Permanent Residents and Employment Pass holders and are of Indian descent (including Bangladeshis, Bengalis, Parsees, Sikhs, Sinhalese, Telugus, Pakistanis, Sri Lankans, Goanese, Malayalees, Punjabis, Tamils, Gujaratis, Sindhis and all people originating from the Indian sub-continent.)

</doc>
<doc id="7041445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041445" title="LTR-Net">
LTR-Net



</doc>
<doc id="7041453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041453" title="Zak Tell">
Zak Tell



</doc>
<doc id="7041458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041458" title="The Changeling (Snyder novel)">
The Changeling (Snyder novel)

The Changeling is a young adult novel by Zilpha Keatley Snyder. This book was first published in 1970. It was awarded a Christopher Award and named an outstanding book for young people by the Junior Library Guild.
Plot summary.
The novel's plot follows the developing friendship of two adolescent girls: shy, fearful Martha and free-spirited, mystical, imaginative Ivy. Ivy belonged to the shunned Carson family, who lived in the hills above town in a derelict Victorian mansion surrounded by neglected fruit orchards that had been handed down to her mother. But Ivy was not a typical Carson. Ivy explains to Martha when they first meet that she is a changeling, a child of supernatural parents who had been exchanged for the real Ivy Carson at birth. She returns to this theme with particular emphasis when she is threatened or harmed in any way. Martha comes from a well-to-do family completely in thrall to suburban values and suspicious of Ivy due to her background.
The girls become friends in the second grade and soon are inseparable. Among other things, Martha discovers that Ivy is "absolutely fearless"; not courageous, but fearless. It is implied that this is at least in part due to abuse by her father or brothers. When Ivy cries, which is rarely, she sheds few tears and makes no sound at all. The illustrations as well as the text emphasize the contrasts between the girls. Ivy is dark, thin, beautiful, graceful and mature; Martha is blond, overweight, bucktoothed, clumsy, and cries easily. What they have in common is bright imagination, which they soon pool into a shared fantasy, almost a belief system.
They play regularly in a beautiful, magical part of the woods and develop an elaborate paracosm called the Land of the Green Sky. Whenever they have trouble in their lives they enact rituals of their own devising which have an uncanny way of cadencing in the same way that their problems eventually resolve. As they grow older and enter their teen years, Ivy longs to be a ballet dancer and directs Martha into a career in drama. Martha becomes braver, bolstered by Ivy's encouragement.
Ivy family's reputation means she is never able to get a fair chance. Martha's family considers her a bad influence. She is blamed for anything that goes wrong. When the girls are in 8th grade, vandals strike their school and because Ivy is one of the "jailbird Carsons," she is wrongfully and maliciously accused of the crime. Ivy's family responds to this crisis in the manner typical of when one of their own has trouble with the law - they pack up their old, red truck and, with no warning, flee in the dead of night.
Martha is devastated by the loss and confused by Ivy's cryptic and emotional assertions when they spoke for the last time. Martha must now come of age without her magical, kindred friend by her side. No one knew or loved Martha as Ivy did. Martha is left alone to make more friendships with classmates.
Supporting information.
The novel is written in flashback, with the beginning and ending of the book describing Martha awaiting Ivy's return and reflecting on Ivy's influence on her growth.
Scholar R. Craig Roney presents "The Changeling" as representative of a move in 1970s fiction for older children's books to involve “a realistic character living in the real world who fantasizes (dreams or daydreams) to cope with some real or imagined problem.”
In discussing the traditional notion of “fairy as Other” in fairy tales, critic Ann F. Howey observes that the idea is “so integral to the changeling tradition that Zilpha Keatley Snyder, in a realistic children's novel, used it to dramatize one character's alienation.”
Snyder has said that both the fantasy game played by the girls in "The Changeling" and its evolution into the Green-sky series originated in childhood games she herself played in Ojai, California with relatives.

</doc>
<doc id="7041462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041462" title="Boots and Her Buddies">
Boots and Her Buddies

Boots and Her Buddies was an American comic strip by Edgar Martin that ran from 1924 to 1968, syndicated by the Newspaper Enterprise Association. Some newspapers presented the strip under the shortened title Boots. The character of Boots was variously labeled the "Sweetheart of the Comics", the "Sweetheart of America" and "Everybody's Sweetheart".
Martin grew up in Monmouth, Illinois where his father, George Martin, was a Monmouth College biology professor, and he spent three years attending Monmouth College, leaving his junior year to study at the Chicago Academy of Fine Arts and joining NEA in 1921 as a cartoonist. Martin found work in 1921 in the NEA art department, and that same year he launched his strip, "Girls", which had a character named Boots. "Girls" became "Boots and Her Buddies" on February 18, 1924, although some newspapers continued to use the first title.
Collegiate origins.
When the strip began, Boots was attending college and boarding at the home of a professor and his wife. The "buddies" in the title originally referred to her college boy friends. The college in the strip was based on Monmouth College; Boots sometimes carried a banner with the letter "M". The town in the strip had numerous parallels with Monmouth, Illinois, occasionally displaying real locations, such as Sandy Mitchell's pool hall.
The Sunday strip began as a topper, positioned above "Our Boarding House" from 1926 to 1931. Because the strip had a large readership of college and high school students, Martin kept Boots in college for a very long time. With the strip's emphasis on fashion and beauty, Martin was sometimes invited to judge beauty contests. Paper doll cutouts with fashionable garments were a part of the Sunday pages well into the early 1960s. Associated topper strips were "The Gooneys", "Babe 'n Horace" (started March 19, 1939) and "Bootkins: the Little China Doll" (April 26, 1936 to March 13, 1938). Interviewed in 1952, Martin gave some background on the strip and the way he felt about his characters:
Characters and story.
In 1949, "Editor &amp; Publisher" summarized situations in the strip:
In addition to keeping Boots in college for years, Martin also delayed her marriage for two decades. After Boots and Rod Ruggles married in 1945, their son Davey was born July 4, 1946. Another central character was Boots' close friend Cora, who was married to Professor Stephen Tutt. In 1937, Boots brought Pug to live with the Tutts after Pug's father, J.X. "Bettem" High mysteriously disappeared. Pug later became a member of the Ruggles family. Boots was also friends with Babe and Horace, the characters in the Sunday topper strip, "Babe 'n Horace".
Racist maid depiction.
From the comic strip's inception until World War II, Martin included a black maid character named "Opal," who was depicted as a racist Mammy stereotype as shown in the example below. As "mammy" depictions became less socially acceptable in the mid-1940s, Martin replaced Opal with "Dory," a white maid.
Toppers.
The Sunday page for "Boots and Her Buddies" had several toppers during the run, including: "Girls Cut-Outs" aka "Girls Masquerade" (1931 – Sept 2, 1934), "Boots Cut-Outs" aka "Boots Fashion Show" (Sept 16, 1934 – Oct 6, 1968), "Bootkins - The Little China Doll" (April 26, 1936 – March 13, 1938), "Babe and Horace" (March 19, 1939 – Oct 6, 1968) and "The Gooneys" (June 6, 1965 – Oct 6, 1968).
Scripts.
During the 1950s, the strip was written by University of Missouri student and English instructor Thomas B. Harris, who married Mary Martin, Edgar Martin's daughter. Harris submitted story synopses to Martin who passed them on to the syndicate. Not until NEA gave a go-ahead did Harris write the full scripts with dialogue. At the University of Missouri-Columbia, Harris was promoted from administrative assistant to assistant dean to associate dean of the College of Arts and Science (from 1954 until 1984). An advisor to the Provost's Office (1984–1988) until his 1988 retirement, Harris died in 1992.
After Martin died in Clearwater, Florida on August 31, 1960, the daily strip was discontinued after October 15, 1960. The Sunday page ran unsigned until June 6, 1965, when the signature of his assistant, Les Carroll, appeared. Carroll drew the strip until October 6, 1968.
Books.
"Boots and the Mystery of the Unlucky Vase", a book based on the strip, was published in 1943. Written and illustrated by Martin, the storyline followed Boots' adventures on the homefront during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="7041469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041469" title="Biochar">
Biochar

Biochar is a form of charcoal, sometimes modified, that is intended for organic use, as in soil. It is the lightweight black remnants remaining after the pyrolysis of biomass, consisting of carbon and ashes. Despite its name, biochar is sterile immediately after production and only gains biological life following assisted or incidental exposure to biota. Biochar is defined by the International Biochar Initiative as the "solid material obtained from the thermochemical conversion of biomass in an oxygen-limited environment".
Biochar is mainly used in soils to increase soil aeration, reduce soil emissions of greenhouse gases, reduce nutrient leaching, reduce soil acidity, and potentially increase the water content of coarse soils. Biochar application may increase soil fertility and agricultural productivity. However, when applied excessively or made from feedstock unsuitable for the soil type, biochar soil amendments also have the potential for negative effects, including harming soil biota, reducing available water content, altering soil pH, and increasing salinity.
Beyond soil application, biochar can be used for slash-and-char farming, for water retention in soil, and as an additive for animal fodder. There is an increasing focus on the potential role of biochar application in global climate change mitigation. Due to its refractory stability, biochar can stay in soils or other environments for thousands of years. This has given rise to the concept of biochar carbon removal, a process of carbon sequestration in the form of biochar. Carbon removal can be achieved when high-quality biochar is applied to soils, or added as a substitute material to construction materials such as concrete and tar.
Etymology.
The word "biochar" is a late-20th century English neologism derived from the Greek word " ("bios", 'life') and 'char' (charcoal produced by carbonization of biomass). It is recognized as charcoal that participates in biological processes found in soil, aquatic habitats, and animal digestive systems.
History.
Pre-Columbian Amazonians produced biochar by smoldering agricultural waste (i.e., covering burning biomass with soil) in pits or trenches. It is not known if they intentionally used biochar to enhance soil productivity. European settlers called it "terra preta de Indio". Following observations and experiments, one research team working in French Guiana hypothesized that the Amazonian earthworm "Pontoscolex corethrurus" was the main agent of fine powdering and incorporation of charcoal debris in the mineral soil.
Production.
Biochar is a high-carbon, fine-grained residue that is produced via pyrolysis. It is the direct thermal decomposition of biomass in the absence of oxygen, which prevents combustion, and produces a mixture of solids (biochar), liquid (bio-oil), and gas (syngas) products.
Gasification.
Gasifiers produce most of the biochar sold in the United States. The gasification process consists of four main stages: oxidation, drying, pyrolysis, and reduction. Temperature during pyrolysis in gasifiers is , in the reduction zone, and in the combustion zone.
The specific yield from pyrolysis (the step of gasification that produces biochar) is dependent on process conditions such as temperature, heating rate, and residence time. These parameters can be tuned to produce either more energy or more biochar. Temperatures of produce more char, whereas temperatures above favor the yield of liquid and gas fuel components. Pyrolysis occurs more quickly at higher temperatures, typically requiring seconds rather than hours. The increasing heating rate leads to a decrease in biochar yield, while the temperature is in the range of . Typical yields are 60% bio-oil, 20% biochar, and 20% syngas. By comparison, slow pyrolysis can produce substantially more char (≈35%); this contributes to soil fertility. Once initialized, both processes produce net energy. For typical inputs, the energy required to run a "fast" pyrolyzer is approximately 15% of the energy that it outputs. Pyrolysis plants can use the syngas output and yield 3–9 times the amount of energy required to run.
The Amazonian pit/trench method, in contrast, harvests neither bio-oil nor syngas, and releases , black carbon, and other greenhouse gases (GHGs) (and potentially, toxicants) into the air, though less greenhouse gasses than captured during the growth of the biomass. Commercial-scale systems process agricultural waste, paper byproducts, and even municipal waste and typically eliminate these side effects by capturing and using the liquid and gas products. The 2018 winner of the X Prize Foundation for atmospheric water generators harvests potable water from the drying stage of the gasification process. The production of biochar as an output is not a priority in most cases.
Small-scale methods.
Smallholder farmers in developing countries easily produce their own biochar without special equipment. They make piles of crop waste (e.g., maize stalks, rice straw, or wheat straw), light the piles on the top, and quench the embers with dirt or water to make biochar. This method greatly reduces smoke compared to traditional methods of burning crop waste. This method is known as the top-down burn or conservation burn.
Alternatively, more industrial methods can be used on small scales. While in a centralized system, unused biomass is brought to a central plant for processing into biochar, it is also possible for each farmer or group of farmers to operate a kiln. In this scenario, a truck equipped with a pyrolyzer moves from place to place to pyrolyze biomass. Vehicle power comes from the syngas stream, while the biochar remains on the farm. The biofuel is sent to a refinery or storage site. Factors that influence the choice of system type include the cost of transportation of the liquid and solid byproducts, the amount of material to be processed, and the ability to supply the power grid.
Various companies in North America, Australia, and England also sell biochar or biochar production units. In Sweden, the 'Stockholm Solution' is an urban tree planting system that uses 30% biochar to support urban forest growth. At the 2009 International Biochar Conference, a mobile pyrolysis unit with a specified intake of was introduced for agricultural applications.&lt;ref name="biomassmag.com/article_id=3091"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
Crops used.
Common crops used for making biochar include various tree species, as well as various energy crops. Some of these energy crops (i.e. Napier grass) can store much more carbon on a shorter timespan than trees do.
For crops that are not exclusively for biochar production, the residue-to-product ratio (RPR) and the collection factor (CF), the percent of the residue not used for other things, measure the approximate amount of feedstock that can be obtained. For instance, Brazil harvests approximately 460 million tons (MT) of sugarcane annually, with an RPR of 0.30, and a CF of 0.70 for the sugarcane tops, which normally are burned in the field. This translates into approximately 100 MT of residue annually, which could be pyrolyzed to create energy and soil additives. Adding in the bagasse (sugarcane waste) (RPR=0.29, CF=1.0), which is otherwise burned (inefficiently) in boilers, raises the total to 230 MT of pyrolysis feedstock. Some plant residue, however, must remain on the soil to avoid increased costs and emissions from nitrogen fertilizers.
Hydrochar.
Besides pyrolysis, torrefaction and hydrothermal carbonization processes can also thermally decompose biomass to the solid material. However, these products cannot be strictly defined as biochar. The carbon product from the torrefaction process contains some volatile organic components; thus its properties are between that of biomass feedstock and biochar. And although hydrothermal carbonization can produce a carbon-rich solid product, the process is evidently different from the conventional thermal conversion process, so the product is therefore defined as "hydrochar" rather than "biochar".
Thermo-catalytic depolymerization.
Thermo-catalytic depolymerization is another method to produce biochar, which utilizes microwaves. It has been used to efficiently convert organic matter to biochar on an industrial scale, producing about 50% char.
Properties.
The physical and chemical properties of biochars as determined by feedstocks and technologies are crucial. Characterization data explain their performance in a specific use. For example, guidelines published by the International Biochar Initiative provide standardized evaluation methods. Properties can be categorized in several respects, including the proximate and elemental composition, pH value, and porosity. The atomic ratios of biochar, including H/C and O/C, correlate with the properties that are relevant to organic content, such as polarity and aromaticity. A van-Krevelen diagram can show the evolution of biochar atomic ratios in the production process. In the carbonization process, both the H/C and O/C atomic ratios decrease due to the release of functional groups that contain hydrogen and oxygen.
Production temperatures influence biochar properties in several ways. The molecular carbon structure of the solid biochar matrix is particularly affected. Initial pyrolysis at 450–550 °C leaves an amorphous carbon structure. Temperatures above this range will result in the progressive thermochemical conversion of amorphous carbon into turbostratic graphene sheets. Biochar conductivity also increases with production temperature. Important to carbon capture, aromaticity and intrinsic recalcitrance increases with temperature.
Applications.
Carbon sink.
The refractory stability of biochar leads to the concept of biochar carbon removal, a process of carbon sequestration in the form of biochar. It may be a means to mitigate climate change due to its potential of sequestering carbon with minimal effort.&lt;ref name="DOI10.1038/ncomms1053"&gt;
&lt;/ref&gt; Biomass burning and natural decomposition releases large amounts of carbon dioxide and methane to the Earth's atmosphere. The biochar production process also releases (up to 50% of the biomass); however, the remaining carbon content becomes indefinitely stable. Biochar carbon remains in the ground for centuries, slowing the growth in atmospheric greenhouse gas levels. Simultaneously, its presence in the earth can improve water quality, increase soil fertility, raise agricultural productivity, and reduce pressure on old-growth forests.
Biochar can sequester carbon in the soil for hundreds to thousands of years, like coal. According to the World Bank, "biochar retains between 10 percent and 70 percent (on average about 50 percent) of the carbon present in the original biomass and slows down the rate of carbon decomposition by one or two orders of magnitude, that is, in the scale of centuries or millennia". Early works proposing the use of biochar for carbon dioxide removal to create a long-term stable carbon sink were published in the early 2000s. This technique is advocated by scientists including James Hansen and James Lovelock.
A 2010 report estimated that sustainable use of biochar could reduce the global net emissions of carbon dioxide (), methane, and nitrous oxide by up to 1.8 billion tonnes carbon dioxide equivalent (e) per year (compared to the about 50 billion tonnes emitted in 2021), without endangering food security, habitats, or soil conservation. However a 2018 study doubted enough biomass would be available to achieve significant carbon sequestration. A 2021 review estimated potential removal from 1.6 to 3.2 billion tonnes per year, and by 2023 it had become a lucrative business renovated by carbon credits.
As of 2023, the significance of biochar's potential as a carbon sink is widely accepted. Biochar was found to have the technical potential to sequester 7% of carbon dioxide on average across all countries, with twelve nations able to sequester over 20% of their greenhouse gas emissions—Bhutan leads this proportion (68%), followed by India (53%).
In 2021 the cost of biochar ranged around European carbon prices, but was not yet included in the EU or UK Emissions Trading Scheme.
Biochar adsorption of can be limited by the surface area of the material, which can be improved by using resonant acoustic mixing.
In developing countries, biochar derived from improved cookstoves for home-use can reduce carbon emissions (when the traditional cookstove is discontinued), as well as achieve other benefits for sustainable development.
Soil health.
Biochar offers multiple soil health benefits in degraded tropical soils but is less beneficial in temperate regions. Its porous nature is effective at retaining both water and water-soluble nutrients. Soil biologist Elaine Ingham highlighted its suitability as a habitat for beneficial soil microorganisms. She pointed out that when pre-charged with these beneficial organisms, biochar promotes good soil and plant health.
Biochar reduces leaching of "E-coli" through sandy soils depending on application rate, feedstock, pyrolysis temperature, soil moisture content, soil texture, and surface properties of the bacteria.
For plants that require high potash and elevated pH, biochar can improve yield.
Biochar can improve water quality, reduce soil emissions of greenhouse gases, reduce nutrient leaching, reduce soil acidity, and reduce irrigation and fertilizer requirements. Due to its porosity, the small holes in biochar can keep water and dissolved minerals in the upper layers of soil, assisting plant growth and reducing the need for and expense of fertilizer. Under certain circumstances biochar induces plant systemic responses to foliar fungal diseases and improves plant responses to diseases caused by soilborne pathogens. Biochar can remove heavy metals from the soil.
Biochar's impacts are dependent on its properties as well as the amount applied, although knowledge about the important mechanisms and properties is limited. Biochar impact may depend on regional conditions including soil type, soil condition (depleted or healthy), temperature, and humidity. Modest additions of biochar reduce nitrous oxide () emissions by up to 80% and eliminate methane emissions, which are both more potent greenhouse gases than .
Studies reported positive effects from biochar on crop production in degraded and nutrient–poor soils. The application of compost and biochar under FP7 project FERTIPLUS had positive effects on soil humidity, crop productivity and quality in multiple countries. Biochar can be adapted with specific qualities to target distinct soil properties. In Colombian savanna soil, biochar reduced leaching of critical nutrients, created a higher nutrient uptake, and provided greater nutrient availability. At 10% levels, biochar reduced contaminant levels in plants by up to 80%, while reducing chlordane and DDX content in the plants by 68 and 79%, respectively. However, because of its high adsorption capacity, biochar may reduce pesticide efficacy. High-surface-area biochars may be particularly problematic.
Biochar may be plowed into soils in crop fields or added to gardens to enhance their fertility and stability and for medium- to long-term carbon sequestration in these soils. It even shows good results when top-dressed. It has shown positive effects in increasing soil fertility and improving disease resistance in West European soils. Gardeners taking individual action on climate change add biochar to soil, increasing plant yield and thereby drawing down more carbon. The use of biochar as a feed additive is a way to apply biochar to pastures and to reduce methane emissions.
Application rates of appear required to improve plant yields significantly. Biochar costs in developed countries vary from $300–$7,000/tonne, which is generally impractical for the farmer/horticulturalist and prohibitive for low-input field crops. In developing countries, constraints on agricultural biochar relate more to biomass availability and production time. A compromise is to use small amounts of biochar in lower-cost biochar-fertilizer complexes.
Biochar soil amendments, when applied at excessive rates or with unsuitable soil type and biochar feedstock combinations, also have the potential for negative effects, including harming soil biota, reducing available water content, altering soil pH, and increasing salinity.
Slash-and-char.
Switching from "slash-and-burn" to "slash-and-char" farming techniques in tropical regions can decrease both deforestation and carbon dioxide emission, as well as increase crop yields. Slash-and-burn leaves only 3% of the carbon from the organic material in the soil whereas slash-and-char can retain up to 50%. The global potential for carbon sequestration by shifting from slash-and-burn to slash-and-char farming techinques has been estimated to between 0.22 and 0.42 Gt C/yr. Biochar reduces the need for nitrogen fertilizers, thereby reducing cost and emissions from fertilizer production and transport. Additionally, by improving soil's till-ability, fertility, and productivity, biochar-enhanced soils can indefinitely sustain agricultural production. This is unlike slash-and-burn soils, which quickly become depleted of nutrients, forcing farmers to abandon fields, producing a continuous slash-and-burn cycle. Using pyrolysis to produce bio-energy does not require infrastructure changes the way, for example, processing biomass for cellulosic ethanol does. Additionally, biochar can be applied by the widely used machinery.
Water retention.
Biochar is hygroscopic due to its porous structure and high specific surface area. As a result, fertilizer and other nutrients are retained for plants' benefit.
Stock fodder.
Biochar has been used in animal feed for centuries.
Doug Pow, a Western Australian farmer, explored the use of biochar mixed with molasses as stock fodder. He asserted that in ruminants, biochar can assist digestion and reduce methane production. He also used dung beetles to work the resulting biochar-infused dung into the soil without using machinery. The nitrogen and carbon in the dung were both incorporated into the soil rather than staying on the soil surface, reducing the production of nitrous oxide and carbon dioxide. The nitrogen and carbon added to soil fertility. On-farm evidence indicates that the fodder led to improvements of liveweight gain in Angus-cross cattle. Doug Pow won the Australian Government Innovation in Agriculture Land Management Award at the 2019 Western Australian Landcare Awards for this innovation. Pow's work led to two further trials on dairy cattle, yielding reduced odour and increased milk production.
Concrete additive.
Ordinary Portland cement (OPC), an essential component of concrete mix, is energy- and emissions-intensive to produce; cement production accounts for around 8% of global CO2 emissions. The concrete industry has increasingly shifted to using supplementary cementitious materials (SCMs), additives that reduce the volume of OPC in a mix while maintaining or improving concrete properties. Biochar has been shown to be an effective SCM, reducing concrete production emissions while maintaining required strength and ductility properties.
Studies have found that a 1–2% weight concentration of biochar is optimal for use in concrete mixes, from both a cost and strength standpoint. A 2 wt.% biochar solution has been shown to increase concrete flexural strength by 15% in a three-point bending test conducted after 7 days, compared to traditional OPC concrete. Biochar concrete also shows promise in high-temperature resistance and permeability reduction.
A cradle-to-gate life cycle assessment of biochar concrete showed decreased production emissions with higher concentrations of biochar, which tracks with a reduction in OPC. Compared to other SCMs from industrial waste streams (such as fly ash and silica fume), biochar also showed decreased toxicity.
Fuel slurry.
Biochar mixed with liquid media such as water or organic liquids (such as ethanol) is an emerging fuel type known as "biochar-based slurry". Adapting slow pyrolysis in large biomass fields and installations enables the generation of biochar slurries with unique characteristics. These slurries are becoming promising fuels in countries with regional areas where biomass is abundant, and power supply relies heavily on diesel generators. This type of fuel resembles a coal slurry, but with the advantage that it can be derived from biochar from renewable resources.
Water treatment.
Biochar also has applications in water treatment. Its properties, porosity in particular, can be modified using different methods to increase the efficiency of contaminant removal. Biochar is reported to remove contaminants such as heavy metals, dyes, organic pollutants.
Research.
Research into pyrolysis and biochar is underway globally, but was still in its infancy. From 2005 to 2012, 1,038 articles included the word "biochar" or "bio-char" in the topic indexed in the ISI Web of Science. Research is in progress by the University of Edinburgh, the University of Georgia, the Volcani Center, and the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences.
Research is also ongoing on the application of biochar to coarse soils in semi-arid and degraded ecosystems. In Namibia, biochar is under exploration as a climate change adaptation effort, strengthening local communities' drought resilience and food security through the local production and application of biochar from abundant encroacher biomass. Similar solutions for rangeland affected by woody plant encroachment have been explored in Australia.
In recent years, biochar has attracted interest as a wastewater filtration medium as well as for its adsorbing capacity for wastewater pollutants, such as pharmaceuticals, personal care products, and per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances.
In some areas, citizen interest and support for biochar motivates government research into the uses of biochar.
Studies.
Long-term effects of biochar on carbon sequestration have been examined using soil from arable fields in Belgium with charcoal-enriched black spots dating from before 1870 from charcoal production mound kilns. This study showed that soil treated over a long period with charcoal showed a higher proportion of maize-derived carbon and decreased respiration, attributed to physical protection, carbon saturation of microbial communities, and, potentially, slightly higher annual primary production. Overall, this study evidences the capacity of biochar to enhance carbon sequestration through reduced carbon turnover.
Biochar sequesters carbon in soils because of its prolonged residence time, ranging from years to millennia. In addition, biochar can promote indirect carbon sequestration by increasing crop yield while potentially reducing carbon mineralization. Laboratory studies have evidenced effects of biochar on carbon mineralization using signatures.
Fluorescence analysis of organic matter dissolved in biochar-amended soil revealed that biochar application increased a humic-like fluorescent component, likely associated with biochar-carbon in solution. The combined spectroscopy-microscopy approach revealed the accumulation of aromatic carbon in discrete spots in the solid phase of microaggregates and its co-localization with clay minerals for soil amended with raw residue or biochar. Biochar application consistently reduced the co-localization of aromatic carbon and polysaccharides carbon. These findings suggested that reduced carbon metabolism is an important mechanism for carbon stabilization in biochar-amended soils.

</doc>
<doc id="7041482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041482" title="WCAT-FM">
WCAT-FM

WCAT-FM (102.3 MHz "Red 102.3") is a commercial radio station licensed to Carlisle, Pennsylvania, and serving the Harrisburg metropolitan area. It is owned by Harold Z. Swidler, with the license held by Radio Carlisle, Inc. WCAT-FM broadcasts a country music format, mixing current and recent hits with classic country. Programming is simulcast on co-owned WRDD (1480 AM) in Shippensburg, Pennsylvania. The radio studios and offices are on North Hanover Street in Carlisle.
WCAT-FM has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 3,000 watts horizontal polarization and 2,750 watts vertical polarization. The transmitter is on Spring Road (Route 24) in Middlesex Township, Pennsylvania.
History.
In 1959, WHYL-FM first signed on the air. It was a simulcast of co-owned WHYL (960 AM). The two stations were owned by Mid-Atlantic Broadcasting. WHYL had a middle of the road format of popular adult music, news and sports. By the 1970s, WHYL-FM began playing country music using broadcast automation.
On December 31, 1979, the call sign changed to WZUE and was branded as "Zoo 102". The WZUE calls were short-lived as the call sign reverted to WHYL-FM on October 14, 1981, branded as "Country 102". On April 26, 2002, the call sign was changed to WRKZ-FM. It began as a simulcast of WCAT-FM 106.7, and branded itself as "Cat Country 106.7". After a brief period, WRKZ-FM flipped formats to all-1980s rock hits and re-branded itself as "Z102.3".
Another format change came shortly thereafter when "Cat Country 106.7" WCAT-FM, on 106.7, changed its call sign to WCPP (known as "Cool Pop") and changed its format to hot AC. On February 17, 2004, the WCAT-FM call sign was moved to 102.3, the format was again changed to country, and it became "Red 102.3".
Citadel Broadcasting, the station's former owner, merged with Cumulus Media on September 16, 2011. To comply with Department of Justice regulations, WCAT-FM, the license for WWKL, and the intellectual property of WTPA, along with WRSR in Flint, Michigan, were transferred to Potential Broadcasting LLC. In August 2012, Potential Broadcasting sold WCAT-FM to Harold Z. Swidler, owner of WIOO in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. The sale was consummated on November 7, 2012. The studio facilities were relocated from Camp Hill, Pennsylvania, at the former home of Citadel Harrisburg, to Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
The station has a "New Country &amp; The Legends" format, with an emphasis on the local community, as reflected on the official website, boasting "Community-Minded Local Radio. Local Personalities. Local Owners."

</doc>
<doc id="7041483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041483" title="Game played">
Game played



</doc>
<doc id="7041502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041502" title="Cantiga">
Cantiga

A cantiga ("cantica", "cantar") is a medieval monophonic song, characteristic of the Galician-Portuguese lyric. Over 400 extant "cantigas" come from the "Cantigas de Santa Maria", narrative songs about miracles or hymns in praise of the Holy Virgin. There are near 1700 secular "cantigas" but music has only survived for a very few: six cantigas de amigo by Martín Codax and seven "cantigas de amor" by Denis of Portugal.
Cantiga is also the name of a poetic and musical form of the Renaissance, often associated with the villancico and the canción.

</doc>
<doc id="7041504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041504" title="John Frizzell (composer)">
John Frizzell (composer)

John Frizzell (born 1966) is an American film and television composer, known for his work with Mike Judge. He scored Judge's films "Beavis and Butt-Head Do America", "Office Space" and "Beavis and Butt-Head Do the Universe" (2022), and he supplied the music for Judge's television sitcom "King of the Hill". Frizzell also gained notice for his score to "Crime of the Century" in 1996, followed by "Dante's Peak" and "Alien Resurrection" in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="7041506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041506" title="1044 Teutonia">
1044 Teutonia

1044 Teutonia, provisional designation , is a stony asteroid from the central regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 16 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 10 May 1924, by astronomer Karl Reinmuth at Heidelberg Observatory in southwest Germany. The asteroid was named after the land inhabited by the Teutonic people.
Classification and orbit.
"Teutonia" orbits the Sun in the central main-belt at a distance of 2.2–2.9 AU once every 4 years and 2 months (1,510 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.14 and an inclination of 4° with respect to the ecliptic.
The asteroid's observation arc begin 17 years prior to its official discovery observation, with its first identification as at Taunton Observatory ( in March 1907.
Physical characteristics.
Lightcurves.
Images of the object made during 2007 were used to produce a light curve that gave a synodic period of 2.84 ± 0.04 h. However, a study made in 2006 gave a period of 3.153 ± 0.003, which can not yet be ruled out. The brightness of the object varied by 0.20 ± 0.03 in magnitude over the course of each rotation.
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite, and NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, "Teutonia" measures between 15.20 and 17.929 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.2449 and 0.3340. The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" derives an albedo of 0.3613 and a diameter of 15.30 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 10.8.
Naming.
This minor planet was named for the land once inhabited by the Teutons, a Germanic tribe that lived in what is now Jutland. The name was proposed by astronomer Gustav Stracke.

</doc>
<doc id="7041515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041515" title="Jocke Skog">
Jocke Skog



</doc>
<doc id="7041517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041517" title="Kieran McGuinness">
Kieran McGuinness

Kieran McGuinness (born 8 July 1983) is an Australian rules footballer who formerly played with the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League (AFL).
He was picked in the 2001 AFL Draft at pick 42. He made a sensational debut in his first year, kicking four goals against Essendon, but had limited opportunities from then on, playing 23 senior games to the end of the 2005 season. He played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) grand final in 2005 for the Bulldogs Werribee. He was delisted at the end of 2006.
McGuinness then moved to Adelaide and played for Norwood in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL), where he wore number 13. In 2011 he won Norwood's Club Champion award with 69 votes. He was appointed captain in 2012 and missed the 2012 Grand Final due to a knee reconstruction sustained early in the season. He returned in 2013 and played in Norwood's 2013 Grand Final triumph against North Adelaide. In the 2014 SANFL season, McGuinness was part of another Norwood premiership team and won the club's best and fairest award.
McGuinness returned to Victoria in 2015, and joined the Northern Blues in the VFL. He spent two seasons with the Blues as a player and development coach, retiring at the end of 2016 after suffering cracked vertebrae in his neck in an onfield incident.

</doc>
<doc id="7041518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041518" title="Juergen Klinsman">
Juergen Klinsman



</doc>
<doc id="7041527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041527" title="Jurgen Klinsman">
Jurgen Klinsman



</doc>
<doc id="7041532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041532" title="Masculine rhyme">
Masculine rhyme



</doc>
<doc id="7041534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041534" title="Jürgen Klinsman">
Jürgen Klinsman



</doc>
<doc id="7041537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041537" title="Triple axel">
Triple axel



</doc>
<doc id="7041539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041539" title="DDR SuperNova">
DDR SuperNova



</doc>
<doc id="7041540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041540" title="Triple axle">
Triple axle



</doc>
<doc id="7041544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041544" title="Double axle">
Double axle



</doc>
<doc id="7041559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041559" title="Epaulette shark">
Epaulette shark

The epaulette shark (", Hemiscyllium ocellatum") is a species of longtailed carpet shark of the family Hemiscylliidae, found in shallow, tropical waters off Australia and New Guinea (and possibly elsewhere). The common name of this shark comes from the very large, white-margined black spot behind each pectoral fin, which are reminiscent of military epaulettes. A small species (usually under long), the epaulette shark has a slender body with a short head and broad, paddle-shaped paired fins. The caudal peduncle (to which the tail fin is attached) comprises over half the shark's length. Adults are light brown above, with scattered darker spots and indistinct saddles.
Epaulette sharks have nocturnal habits and frequent shallow water on coral reefs or in tidal pools. This shark has evolved to cope with the severe night time oxygen depletion (hypoxia) in isolated tidal pools by increasing the blood supply to its brain and selectively shutting down non-essential neural functions. It is capable of surviving complete anoxia for two hours without ill effects, and at a much higher temperature than most other hypoxia-tolerant animals. Rather than swim, epaulette sharks often "walk" by wriggling their bodies and pushing with their paired fins. This species feeds on a wide range of small benthic invertebrates and bony fishes. Epaulette sharks are oviparous, with females depositing pairs of egg capsules around every 14 days from August to December. Due to their hardiness and small size, epaulette sharks are popular with both public and home aquaria. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed this species as of Least Concern, as outside of the small aquarium trade it is of little interest to fisheries.
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
The epaulette shark was originally described as "Squalus ocellatus" by the French naturalist Pierre Joseph Bonnaterre in the 1788 "Tableau encyclopédique et méthodique des trois règnes de la nature". The name was later changed to the currently valid "Hemiscyllium ocellatum". The type specimen was a long immature male caught near Cooktown, Queensland, Australia. Other common names for this species are the itar shark and the blind shark (also used for "Brachaelurus waddi"). Goto's 2002 morphological analysis of the carpet sharks showed the genus "Hemiscyllium" as a polytomy, meaning that the phylogenetic relationships between the epaulette shark and its sister species could not be resolved.
Distribution and habitat.
The range of the epaulette shark extends from the southern coast of New Guinea to the northern coast of Australia, as far south as Sydney. The Capricorn-Bunker Group of the Great Barrier Reef contains a particularly large population, with thousands estimated to inhabit the reefs around Heron Island alone. Additionally, there are unsubstantiated reports of this species from Malaysia, Sumatra, and the Solomon Islands. Epaulette sharks are found in shallow water to a maximum depth of , and are often seen in water barely deep enough to cover their bodies. They prefer tidal pools, coral flats, and stands of staghorn coral.
Description.
The epaulette shark has an elongated body, over half of which is comprised by the slender caudal peduncle. The snout is short and rounded, with the nares placed almost at the tip along with a pair of tiny barbels; there are grooves running from the nares to the mouth. There are 26–35 tooth rows in the upper jaw and 21–32 tooth rows in the lower jaw. The teeth are small, with broad bases and triangular cusps. The eyes are oval in shape and elevated, with a large spiracle below each. The five pairs of gill slits are small, with the fourth and fifth very close together.
The pectoral and pelvic fins are broad and rounded and are thickly muscled. The two similarly sized dorsal fins are placed well back on the body. The anal fin is low and positioned just in front of the caudal fin. The caudal fin has only an upper lobe, which contains a prominent ventral notch near the tip and is angled almost horizontally relative to the body. Adult epaulette sharks are beige to brownish above with many widely spaced brown spots and subtle darker bands. There is a very large black spot ringed in white located behind each pectoral fin; this pair of spots are the origin of this shark's common name. Juveniles have alternating light and dark bands over their body and fins, which break up as they mature. Epaulette sharks are typically long; the maximum reported length is .
Biology and ecology.
As an adaptation for navigating its complex reef environment, the epaulette shark moves by seemingly walking, bending its body from side-to-side and pushing off of the substrate with its paddle-shaped pectoral and pelvic fins. Its gait is similar to that of salamanders, an example of convergent evolution. The shark is capable of swimming, but often prefers to walk along the sandy or coral bottom even when the water is deep enough to allow it to swim freely. The cartilaginous supports of the epaulette shark's paired fins are reduced and separated when compared to other sharks, allowing them to be rotated for use as limbs. This mode of locomotion even enables the shark to crawl out of the water to access isolated tidal pools. The gait of the epaulette shark is convergently similar to those of tetrapods such as salamanders, suggesting that the movements needed for walking on land may predate, and perhaps contributed to the evolution of, the first terrestrial vertebrates. Epaulette sharks are largely nocturnal and are most active in low water. They often hide inside or below coral heads, though it is enough for the head to be covered even if the rest of the body is exposed. Sometimes they perch in the open on sandy flats or atop reefs facing into the current, a form of orientation known as rheotaxis that may improve respiration or predator awareness.
Epaulette sharks are preyed upon by larger fishes such as other sharks. Its coloration provides protective camouflage, while its epaulette is speculated to be an eyespot for distracting or deterring predators. Epaulette sharks are almost all parasitized by the praniza (parasitic) larval stage of gnathiid isopods. The larvae feed on blood and mostly attach to the skin around the cloaca and the claspers, though they are also found inside the mouth and on the gills. These parasites cause little damage and are not believed to adversely affect the health of the shark. Other parasites of this species include a species of myxosporean in the genus "Kudoa", which infests the skeletal muscles, the hemogregarine protozoan "Haemogregarina hemiscyllii", which infects the blood, the ostracod "Sheina orri", which attaches to the gills, and the nematode "Proleptus australis", which infests the stomach.
Hypoxia tolerance.
At night, the shallow reef platforms inhabited by the epaulette shark often become isolated from the ocean by the receding tide. The amount of dissolved oxygen in the pool can drop 80% or more overnight from the combined respiration of all the organisms within the pool. The epaulette shark has evolved to cope with these hypoxic conditions, being able to survive for over three hours in 5% of the atmospheric O2 level without losing behavioral responsiveness. In the laboratory, epaulette sharks have survived for an hour without any oxygen at , which is also unusual in that most animals capable of tolerating oxygen deprivation do so at low temperatures.
The physiological responses of the epaulette shark to low oxygen are mediated by the nucleoside adenosine. In hypoxic conditions, the heart and ventilation rates drop sharply. The shark's blood pressure falls by half as the blood vessels dilate to deliver more blood to the brain and heart. Unlike in bony fishes and tetrapods, the blood flow rate remains constant and there is no elevation of blood glucose levels. The brains of sharks only consume a third as much ATP as those of teleosts. The epaulette shark is able to lower this energy demand further by reducing the metabolism of certain areas of its brain, e.g. keeping the sensory nuclei functional while deactivating the motor nuclei. This allows the shark to supply enough ATP to prevent neuron death, while still remaining alert to its environment.
Temperature susceptibility.
Epaulette shark development rate and fitness are strongly affected by temperature during development. Temperature rises due to climate change are sufficient to weaken the sharks, which risks damage to ecosystems.
Feeding.
The epaulette shark is an opportunistic predator of benthic crustaceans, worms, and small bony fish. Off Heron Island, over 90% of the epaulette shark's diet consists of polychaete worms and crabs, with juveniles taking mostly the former and adults mostly the latter. It hunts most actively at dawn and dusk, though feeding can occur at any time during the day. This shark relies mainly on its olfactory and electroreceptive senses to locate hidden prey. It is capable of sucking prey into its mouth by expanding its muscular buccal cavity. While searching for food, the epaulette shark sometimes turns over debris with its snout or thrusts its head into the sand, swallowing food items while expelling the sand grains through its gill slits. Unlike most sharks, the epaulette shark may chew its food for up to 5–10 minutes. Its teeth can be depressed to form a flat surface for crushing hard-shelled prey.
Life history.
Mating in the epaulette shark takes place from July to December, though in captivity reproduction occurs continuously. Courtship may be initiated by the female following and biting the male. The male then holds onto the pectoral fin of the female with his mouth and lies alongside her, while inserting one of his claspers into her cloaca. Copulation lasts about one and a half minutes. Epaulette sharks readily breed in aquariums, even in tanks as small as 135 gallons, but larger tanks are recommended to allow room for the hatched offspring. This species is oviparous, with females depositing eggs from August to December. The female drops the egg capsules two (rarely four) at a time every 14 days, producing a total of 20–50 eggs per year. Each egg case measures long and wide. The young emerge after 120–130 days, at a length of . The growth rate of the young is slow at first but increases to about per year after three months. Both males and females mature sexually at a length of , corresponding to an age of at least seven years.
Human interactions.
Epaulette sharks are harmless to humans, though if handled they may nip their captors. They are easily observed and handled by beachgoers as they move slowly whilst out of water, and show little fear of humans. This species adapts readily to captivity and is displayed by many public aquariums in the United States, Canada, and Australia. In an article for "Aquarium Fish Magazine", Scott W. Michael referred to the epaulette shark as "the best shark for the home aquarium." They will breed in captivity, even in tanks as small as 510 L (135 gal), though full-grown sharks are best housed in tanks of 680 L (180 gal) or more. They are not compatible with community tanks as they will eat other fish.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed the epaulette shark as of Least Concern. This species is common in Australian waters, where it is not captured by either commercial or recreational fisheries, and is minimally affected by collection for the aquarium trade and fishery bycatch. Much of its Australian habitat is encompassed by protected marine parks. Off New Guinea, the epaulette shark has been assessed as Near Threatened, as there it faces habitat degradation, destructive fishing practices, and over-exploitation by artisan fishers.
In 2015, the behaviour of an epaulette shark was filmed in detail by the BBC for the first episode of a new documentary series named "Shark", released around the 40th anniversary of "Jaws". The documentary shows an epaulette shark's ability to walk over land, and its hunting behaviours in the ebbing tide.

</doc>
<doc id="7041565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041565" title="NY 120A">
NY 120A



</doc>
<doc id="7041571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041571" title="County Route 112 (Westchester County, New York)">
County Route 112 (Westchester County, New York)



</doc>
<doc id="7041572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041572" title="Sumpango">
Sumpango



</doc>
<doc id="7041576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041576" title="Cantigas">
Cantigas



</doc>
<doc id="7041577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041577" title="History of lviv">
History of lviv



</doc>
<doc id="7041589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041589" title="Erlend Ottem">
Erlend Ottem



</doc>
<doc id="7041590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041590" title="MPT-1327">
MPT-1327

MPT 1327 is an industry standard for trunked radio communications networks.
First published in January 1988 by the British Radiocommunications Agency, and is primarily used in the United Kingdom, Europe, South Africa, Australia, New Zealand and China. Many countries had their own version of numbering/user interface, including MPT1343 in the UK, Chekker (Regionet 43) in Germany, 3RP (CNET2424) in France, Multiax in Australia, and Gong An in China.
MPT systems are still being built in many areas of the world, due to their cost-effectiveness. 
Digital alternatives.
The closest direct digital alternative to MPT1327 is NXDN as NXDN virtually replicates MPT1327 using dPMR (digital private mobile radio).
Many MPT1327 systems in the UK have been replaced with either Kenwood Communications' NXDN or Motorola Solutions' MOTOTRBO Capacity Plus systems.
The TETRA trunked radio standard was developed by the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI), as a digital alternative to analogue trunked systems. However, TETRA, with its enhanced encryption capability, has developed into a higher tier (public safety) product, currently mainly used by governments, some larger airports and government-owned utilities. 
DMR (digital mobile radio), and dPMR (digital private mobile radio) are more recent ETSI-standards for digital mobile radio using two-slot TDMA and FDMA respectively. The Tier 3 standard for these systems defines a trunking protocol very similar to MPT1327 and is intended as a potential migration path for existing and perhaps future trunking customers. Tier 3 equipment is (late 2011) now becoming available, so the impact on TETRA and MPT 1327 is yet to be seen, but may well be significant. However, it is unlikely that in terms of cost that the complicated new DMR/dPMR equipment will be able to compete with the simpler MPT1327 equipment for some time, if ever.
It is worth noting that whilst many comparisons are made between Digital and Analog radio technologies, when it comes to applying these arguments to MPT1327, many of the distinctions become blurred, since MPT1327 with its digital control channel, already offers most of the features being offered by the DMR/dPMR/TETRA counterparts.
Furthermore, most MPT1327 systems are engineered to a far higher standard than conventional FM systems, partially due to the lack of CTCSS within the standard. As such arguments with regards to "noisy FM audio quality", can become misleading, since the squelch levels tend to be set rather high on MPT1327 systems, such that weak/noisy signals do not generally open the mute.
MPT1327 advantages and features.
The advantage of MPT 1327 over TETRA is the increased availability, lower cost of equipment, the ease of installation, the familiarity with the equipment, and many believe that MPT 1327 is superior to TETRA, due to its uncompressed FM audio, and greater receiver sensitivity. MPT1327 control channel signalling is more resilient, since the TETRA protocol uses a complex modulation scheme that requires a far higher Signal to Noise ratio to function than 1,200 bit/s FFSK signalling.
Systems based on MPT 1327 only require one, but usually use two or more radio channels per site. Channels can be 12.5 or 25 kHz bandwidth, and can be any variety of channel spacings, with 6.25 kHz or 12.5 kHz being typical. At least one of these channels is defined as the control channel (CCH) and all other channels are traffic channels (TCs) used for speech calls.
A typical installation will have around 6–10 channels. A 7-channel trunk, correctly engineered, is capable of handling in excess of 3,000 mobile units. The capacity of the system increases dramatically with the number of traffic channels. For example, 1 traffic channel with queuing can not handle many customers, perhaps 2 minicabs with 20 mobiles. In effect this would be a CBS with queuing. However, a 7 channel trunked system can handle 40 minicabs with 20 mobiles with ease. The Erlang formulas are typically used for calculating system capacity.
Spectrum efficiency.
Whilst MPT 1327 systems, unlike DMR or dPMR, do not employ digital speech compression to gain any Spectral Efficiency (voice channels per 6.25 kHz), there are several methods used that increase the Spectrum Efficiency (Erlangs per square kilometre, per 6.25 kHz).
A spectrum efficiency advantage over a 4-slot TDMA system like TETRA is in areas where low-bandwidth channels are required. The absolute minimum TETRA installation would require a 25 kHz bandwidth in order to carry a control slot and three traffic slots. The absolute minimum MPT1327 assignment is a single non-dedicated control channel, utilising 12.5 kHz, in most cases.
A non-dedicated control channel can be used as a traffic channel when all the other traffic channels are busy. This can be useful if the site is part of a multi-site network and has a very low traffic profile as the site could have a single channel rather than at least two freeing up one channel for use elsewhere. The disadvantage is loss of queuing, and data cannot be sent on the control channel whilst it is in traffic mode. A non-dedicated CCH should not be used as a "reserve tank" for a busy site as the lack of signalling will seriously affect the operation of the site. 
Time-shared control channels and channel pooling.
Some MPT 1327 networks can also time-share control channels, which can be useful if the network has limited frequency availability, as it frees up channels for use as traffic channels, which can also be pooled across sites so the network capacity follows the traffic. This is another advantage of MPT 1327 (and dPMR) over TDMA-based systems such as TETRA and DMR, which cannot pool traffic channels so efficiently (if at all). The disadvantage of using a time-shared CCH is that it slows down registration and calls and requires some customization of the registration process, so is only useful if the network has a patient user community!
Speech and data.
Speech is sent as narrowband frequency modulation. Data messages between mobiles and the network are exchanged on the control channel at 1,200 bits per second using FFSK signalling, or a specific "modem call", known as "non-prescribed data" can be established, whereby free-form 1,200 baud data can be exchanged on a traffic channel without tying up the control channel. With the use of special modems, the speed can be 19,200 bit/s. This, along with Short Data Messaging and Status Messaging via the control channel makes an MPT1327 network ideal for managing AVL for asset management, meter reading and SCADA networks, the advantage being that the network can be used for this sort of application whilst still carrying voice traffic.
Numbering.
Each subscriber in an MPT-1327 trunked radio network has a unique call number. This call number (address) is a compound number consisting of a prefix (three digits), the fleet number and the subscriber's call number within the fleet. Different numbering schemes work differently, for example Zetron uses the first two digits of the Ident as the fleet number, and the last two digits as the unit number. Idents in the 6,000–6,999 range are typically used to establish group calls. After it has been entered the call number will be converted in the mobile to a 20-bit address. The numbering rules are clarified and expanded by supplementary standards such as MPT-1343.
For the duration of his call a subscriber is exclusively allocated a traffic channel from the available pool. If all channels are occupied, the call will be queued. If the control channel has become a traffic channel, like in the case of a non-dedicated control channel, the call will be queued in the radio, although radio queuing loses the first come, first served effect, so if there are seven units queuing, the last unit to queue may get a traffic channel first.
The different types of communications on an MPT-1327 network and their definitions.
Calls.
Broadcast calls can be used to make announcements to the entire customer base on a trunked system. For example, if work is to be carried out on the trunked system, the owner of the system can initiate a Broadcast Call which calls every mobile on the system. However, the mobiles may not have talk entitlement, so the PTT may not work. By this means the owner can announce to all customers a short period of inoperation due to maintenance.

</doc>
<doc id="7041596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041596" title="Philip Gaston">
Philip Gaston

Phil Gaston is an Irish songwriter.
He was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland, moved to London in the 1970s and later moved back to Ireland.
He was the manager for Shane MacGowan's first band, the Nips.
He wrote "Navigator" for The Pogues, "Tommy's Blue Valentine" for Pride of the Cross (a band that included future Pogues Cait O'Riordan and Daryl Hunt), "Hell or England" (a track on the b-side of the 12" version of The Men They Couldn't Hang single "Greenback Dollar", also available on the CD version of the Night of a Thousand Candles album), and the lyrics for both "The Lights Of Little Christmas" and "Game Over" for Sean Tyrrell.
According to a posting in a discussion forum at pogues.com (see below), the Limerick Leader printed, in 2001, that "His work has been recorded by...Agnes Bernelle...Ron Kavana, and has been included on albums alongside pieces from Sir Peter Maxwell Davis, Tom Waits, Wederkind and poet Adrian McGough."

</doc>
<doc id="7041601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041601" title="WGTY">
WGTY

WGTY (107.7 FM, "Froggy 107.7") is a country music formatted radio station. Owned by Forever Media, through licensee FM Radio Licenses, LLC, it is licensed to Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, serving Adams County and York County in Pennsylvania. It was formerly called "Great Country 107.7".
History.
WGET-FM was an automated beautiful music station for many years, a forgotten companion to the full-service WGET (1320 AM). The call sign was changed to WGTY in 1982. In early 1984, Rick McCauslin, then a sales rep for WGET/WGTY was promoted to general manager, replacing the long-time GM, Richard Selby. Rick's plan was to investigate the possibility of changing WGTY to a live country station, as the York–Adams County area only had one country station serving it, Z-107, broadcasting out of the Harrisburg area. Rick hired Wally Daniels as the program director for both stations, tasking him with building the country station.
The station signed off at midnight in those days. Dave Cannon was the music director and helped to establish WGTY's country library. On November 11, 1984, at 6 a.m., WGTY officially began its new life as "Country FM 108".
WGTY was sold to Forever Media's FM Radio Licenses, LLC effective December 1, 2015, at a purchase price of $4.25 million, and on January 4, 2016, the station's branding was changed to "Froggy 107.7".

</doc>
<doc id="7041613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041613" title="Browns Bridge Church">
Browns Bridge Church

Browns Bridge Church is a nondenominational Christian church located in Cumming, Georgia. It is one of eight locations of North Point Ministries. Andy Stanley is the senior pastor of North Point Ministries, and Adam Johnson is the lead pastor of Browns Bridge Church.
Browns Bridge Church opened on October 8, 2006 as the third satellite location of North Point Ministries. The name of the church comes from the former Browns Bridge which spanned across Lake Lanier from 1956 until 2021.
North Point Ministries serves as the parent organization of North Point Community Church, Buckhead Church, Woodstock City Church, Gwinnett Church, Decatur City Church, and East Cobb Church. Several other autonomous churches are associated with North Point Ministries as strategic partners.

</doc>
<doc id="7041617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041617" title="Wanna Be Your Joe">
Wanna Be Your Joe

Wanna Be Your Joe is the ninth studio album released from country music artist Billy Ray Cyrus. Released on July 17, 2006 on New Door Records and UMe, it was Cyrus' first country album since 2000's "Southern Rain". It is also his first album of non-gospel music in three years. From Billy Ray's exposure on "Hannah Montana", the album debuted and peaked at number 24 on the U.S. "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart, number 113 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 118 on the "Billboard" Top Comprehensive Albums. The album sold well, but no hit single was released. The title track and "I Want My Mullet Back" were released as singles, but both failed to chart on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart.
Content.
The album features collaborations with Cyrus' daughter, Miley Cyrus, and a song with George Jones and Loretta Lynn. The song with Miley, "Stand", was made into a music video, but was not released as a single. "Country Music Has the Blues" is the song with Jones and Lynn; it was co-written with Cyrus' son, Trace Cyrus, lead singer for the pop group, Metro Station.
On the track "The Freebird Fell", Cyrus co-wrote the song with Lynyrd Skynyrd guitarist Ed King and drummer Artimus Pyle. Also, fellow country singer Mark Collie contributes to the track "What About Us"; co-written with Cyrus and Terry Shelton.
Also, the album has two hidden tracks. The song "Without You" was originally on Cyrus' 2000 album "Southern Rain", but was not released as a single. "One Night" is the second hidden track. It was originally a UK Singles Chart number-one single for Elvis Presley in 1958.
Reception.
AllMusic gave the album 3.5 stars out of 5. Although they said the album had been labored over and revised. 
On the one hand, there's a collection of romantic ballads — "Wanna Be Your Joe," "I Wouldn't Be Me," "What About Us," "I Wonder," "Lonely Wins," "How've Ya Been," and "Ole What's Her Name" — that run the gamut from sincere pledges of commitment to expressions of frustration and outright kiss-offs.
The album debuted at number 113 on the "Billboard" 200, number 118 on the Top Comprehensive Albums and number 24 on the Top Country Albums chart, where it stayed at the peak position for two consecutive weeks. Although the title track was released on June 6, 2006, it failed to chart on the country music charts. A second single, "I Want My Mullet Back," was released later in 2006, but it also failed to chart. Cyrus left New Door Records by the end of 2006 and signed with Walt Disney Records, due to the lackluster success of the album and its singles.
Chart performance.
The album debuted at number 24 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart in 2006, number 113 on the all-genre "Billboard" 200 chart and number 118 on the all-genre "Billboard" Top Comprehensive Albums chart, even after failing to release a hit single to county radio. 

</doc>
<doc id="7041619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041619" title="Śmietana">
Śmietana

Śmietana is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="7041620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041620" title="Ohio 7">
Ohio 7



</doc>
<doc id="7041634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041634" title="Electromagnetic therapy (alternative medicine)">
Electromagnetic therapy (alternative medicine)



</doc>
<doc id="7041646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041646" title="Frame matroid">
Frame matroid



</doc>
<doc id="7041656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041656" title="Fiddling John Carson">
Fiddling John Carson



</doc>
<doc id="7041675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041675" title="Michael collins">
Michael collins



</doc>
<doc id="7041686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041686" title="The medici">
The medici



</doc>
<doc id="7041687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041687" title="Angolo Bronzini">
Angolo Bronzini



</doc>
<doc id="7041689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041689" title="Agnolo Bronzini">
Agnolo Bronzini



</doc>
<doc id="7041691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041691" title="Baseball slang">
Baseball slang



</doc>
<doc id="7041706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041706" title="Western Chalukya">
Western Chalukya



</doc>
<doc id="7041719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041719" title="Thomas LaSorda">
Thomas LaSorda



</doc>
<doc id="7041720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041720" title="LA Guns (album)">
LA Guns (album)



</doc>
<doc id="7041731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041731" title="Piero il Fatuo">
Piero il Fatuo



</doc>
<doc id="7041735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041735" title="Marxist Workers' League">
Marxist Workers' League

Marxist Workers League can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7041738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041738" title="Boracay Island">
Boracay Island



</doc>
<doc id="7041739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041739" title="Marxist Workers League">
Marxist Workers League



</doc>
<doc id="7041742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041742" title="Mansfield Park, South Australia">
Mansfield Park, South Australia

Mansfield Park is a north-western suburb of Adelaide from the CBD, in the state of South Australia, Australia and falls under the City of Port Adelaide Enfield. It is adjacent to Wingfield, Angle Park, Woodville Gardens, and Athol Park. The postcode for Mansfield Park is 5012. It is bounded to the north by Grand Junction Road, and to the west by Hanson Road. It is named after Mansfield in East Ayrshire, Scotland.
History.
Prior to the Second World War, Mansfield Park mainly consisted of pastures and open land. Its development as a residential area coincided with the post-war boom in the 1950s. It is home to a large number of houses owned by the former South Australian Housing Trust (now Housing SA). In 1965, a council library was opened in Hamley Crescent, but it was relocated in 1978 to the newly established Parks Community Centre in 1978. In the 1990s, plans were made for the Westwood Urban Renewal project, of which Ferryden Park, Angle Park, Woodville Gardens, and Athol Park are also a part. This involved the demolition of many of the Housing Trust homes, which were to be replaced by either private housing, or a lesser number of townhouse-style new housing trust homes. The building began in 2001 but, as September 2012 most work has occurred in Mansfield Park to replace trusted houses with new ones. There are still 100+ houses / lands being constructed/developed.
Urban renewal.
In 2009, The Westwood Consortium (consisting of Urban Pacific, City of Charles Sturt Council, City of Port Adelaide Enfield Council, and the Government of South Australia) began releasing stage three of its urban renewal project. The project centres around the large public nature strip between Gateshead Street and Ely Street, which the latest stage gives its namesake to, "Central Park".
This is the final stage of the Westwood Urban Renewal project, which is the largest of its kind in Australia. It involves the demolition of most of the South Australian Housing Trust units, in its place new medium-density housing.
Facilities.
There is one primary school in the area, being the Catholic St Patrick's School. It has around 300-400 students. There is a small shopping complex at the corner of Trafford and Wilson Streets, and the Parks Community Centre, adjacent in Angle Park, provides a health centre, gym and fitness centre, swimming complex, council office, and a few other community services. It was also the site of the Parks High School which was closed at the end of 1996 due to declining enrolments. The local zone high school is Woodville High School, in Woodville. A large number of the families in the area choose to send their children to other schools, mainly in the city centre, which was one of the causes of the closure of the Parks High School.
A drive-in cinema between Short Street and Grand Junction Road was closed in the 1980s, and replaced with a retirement village.
There was also a Salvation Army church on Trafford Street, which has closed and was bought by an outlawed motorcycle club (Hells Angels), and subsequently fortified.
Transport.
Hanson Road is served by the 253 and 254 and the 253X and 254X express bus services with N254 Night Services for Saturday. Medika Boulevard and Trafford Streets are served by the 251 and 252 services, while the 361 serve Grand Junction Road.
Demographics.
Mansfield Park is home to a large immigrant population. The initial settlement of the suburb coincided with a large wave of immigrants from Eastern Europe arriving in Australia, following the Second World War. Although most of their children have moved on, a large number of immigrant retirees still live in the area. This is reflected in the decline of students attending local primary schools, with 702 students attending Mansfield Park Primary School at its peak in 1966. Another wave of immigration occurred in the 1980s, when Vietnamese immigrants arrived after the Vietnam War. Currently September 2012, more than 50% of the population is from a non-English speaking background.
Politics.
Mansfield Park is located within the federal seat of Adelaide. It is the most pro-Australian Labor Party area in South Australia, recording the highest two-party-preferred vote in the state for the ALP at the Mansfield Park Primary School booth at the 1998, 2001 and 2004 federal elections, garnering more than 80% on each occasion.

</doc>
<doc id="7041747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041747" title="Statutory corporation">
Statutory corporation

A statutory corporation is a corporation created by statute. Their precise nature varies by jurisdiction, but their powers are defined in, and controlled by, the creating legislation.
Bodies described in the English language as "statutory corporations" exist in the following countries in accordance with the associated descriptions (where provided).
Australia.
In Australia, statutory corporations are a type of statutory authority created by Acts of state or federal parliaments.
A statutory corporation is defined in the federal Department of Finance's glossary as a "statutory body that is a body corporate, including an entity created under section 87 of the PGPA Act" (i.e. a statutory authority may also be a statutory corporation). An earlier definition describes a statutory corporation as "a statutory authority that is a body corporate", and the New South Wales Government's Land Registry Services defines a state-owned corporation as "a statutory authority that has corporate status".
Current statutory corporations include Australia Post, Airservices Australia, the Australian Rail Track Corporation and the Australian Egg Corporation. The purpose of their separation from normal government operations is to ensure profitability, and in theory, independence of decision making from the state or national government (to ensure that decisions are made on a commercial basis with less or no political interference.) As statutory corporations, their regulatory and business conditions may be significantly different from private-sector companies.
A significant number of the statutory corporations are private commercial operations, a number of which have been privatised, in part or in whole, since the 1980s: these have included the national airline Qantas, Telstra (also previously known as Telecom Australia) and the Commonwealth Bank.
Germany.
A statutory corporation in Germany is called a "Körperschaft des öffentlichen Rechts" (KdöR). An example of a statutory corporation is a "", a body involved in the provision of out-patient medical services in a German state. Other examples include public broadcasters, Jewish communities and Christian churches established in Germany and some public transport providers (depending on jurisdiction).
Hong Kong.
In Hong Kong, some corporations are incorporated by legislation. An example is the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation, which owns the railway network and was previously also an operator. The MTR Corporation Limited was also such a company, then named as Mass Transit Railway Corporation. Other examples include the Ocean Park Corporation, and the former Industrial Estates Corporation and Land Development Corporation.
India.
"Statutory corporations" are government establishments brought into existence by a Special Act of the Parliament. The Act defines its powers and functions, rules and regulations governing its employees and its relationship with government departments.
This is a body corporate created by the legislature with defined powers and functions and is financially independent with a clear control over a specified area or a particular type of commercial activity. It is a corporate person and has the capacity of acting in its own name. Statutory corporations therefore have the power of the government and the considerable amount of operating flexibility of private enterprises.
A few are:
Features:
Which define its objectives, power and duties. It is created by a special law 
Of parliament. It may be established by the central government are also known as National corporations.
Ireland.
In Ireland, a statutory corporation is a body corporate, which is created under a particular Act of the Oireachtas. Some statutory corporations are expected to operate as if they were a commercial company (with or without a subsidy from the Exchequer, depending on whether or not it would make a profit without one). Such bodies do not have shareholders, but are typically boards appointed by a sponsor minister. The provisions of the Companies' Acts do not typically directly apply to such bodies, although their founding legislation may specify similar requirements.
The statutory corporation format was usually the form most state-sponsored bodies of Ireland took until recent years; however, the usual policy today is that a private limited company by shares or public limited company incorporated under the Companies' Acts is set up instead, with the relevant minister holding 100% of the issued share capital. Nonetheless, several prominent statutory corporations continue to exist, such as (RTÉ), the Electricity Supply Board (ESB), Bord Gáis Éireann, An Bord Pleanála, the Food Safety Authority of Ireland.
Russia.
See State corporation (Russia).
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, a statutory corporation is a corporate body controlled by, and normally created by, statute. It typically has no shareholders and its powers are defined by the act of Parliament which creates it, and may be modified by later legislation. Such bodies have often been created to provide public services, examples including British Railways, the Ffestiniog Railway, the Talyllyn Railway, the National Coal Board, the former Post Office Corporation and Transport for London. Other examples include the county councils, the National Assembly for Wales, Channel Four Television Corporation, and the Olympic Delivery Authority. Statutory corporations are widely used in education: sixth form college corporations and further education corporations, the legal form of sixth form colleges and further education colleges, as well as higher education corporations, the legal form of most post-1992 universities, are all statutory corporations created under the Education Reform Act 1988 and the Further and Higher Education Act 1992; a small number of older universities are also statutory corporations created under specific acts of Parliament. 
The phrase is not used to describe a company which operates as a conventional shareholder-owned company registered under the Companies Acts.
A public body can have a variety of forms and is not inevitably a statutory corporation, nor is a statutory corporation necessarily a public body.
United States.
At the state level, municipal corporations and counties are often created by legislative acts. Some organizations such as a transit district or special purpose corporations such as a university, are also created by statute. In some states, a city or county can be created by petition of a certain number or percentage of voters or landholders of the affected area, which then causes a municipal corporation to be chartered as a result of compliance with the appropriate law. Corporations to be established for most other purposes are usually just incorporated as any other non-profit corporation, by filing the paperwork with the appropriate agency as part of the formation of the entity.
At the Federal level, a small number of corporations are created by Congress. Prior to the District of Columbia being granted the ability to issue corporate charters in the late 19th century, corporations operating in the District required a congressional charter. With limited exceptions, most corporations created by Congress are not federally chartered, but are simply created as District of Columbia corporations as a result of the enabling law.
There are a number of federally chartered corporations that still exist. Some relatively famous ones include the Boy Scouts of America, each of the Federal Reserve Banks, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The basic advantage for being federally chartered is that no other corporation anywhere in the United States is allowed to have the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="7041750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041750" title="Munírih">
Munírih



</doc>
<doc id="7041751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041751" title="Piero the Fatuous">
Piero the Fatuous



</doc>
<doc id="7041753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041753" title="Xavier adibi">
Xavier adibi



</doc>
<doc id="7041755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041755" title="The Magdalena">
The Magdalena



</doc>
<doc id="7041766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041766" title="Airline Tycoon Deluxe">
Airline Tycoon Deluxe



</doc>
<doc id="7041769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041769" title="Nate Longshore">
Nate Longshore

Nathan Dean Longshore (born June 30, 1986) is a former American football quarterback for the California Golden Bears football team of the University of California, Berkeley, where he was a three-year starter and led the Golden Bears to a share of the Pacific-10 Conference championship in 2006.
Early life.
Longshore graduated from Canyon High School in 2004. He set ten school passing records and rang up 6,750 yards and 64 touchdown passes during his career. Rivals.com rated him the No. 8 "pro-style" quarterback in the nation and the 17th-best overall player in California.
College career.
2005.
After redshirting his freshman year, Longshore was chosen to succeed Aaron Rodgers, who left for the NFL, to be California's starting quarterback. Longshore's 2005 season ended in the season's first game with a fibula injury and ligament damage in his ankle against Sacramento State. Joe Ayoob took over starting duties for Longshore.
2006.
Longshore entered spring practice in 2006 in a heated battle for the starting quarterback job with veteran senior Joe Ayoob. During fall practice, head coach Jeff Tedford named Longshore the starting quarterback the week leading up to Cal's season opener at Tennessee. Coach Jeff Tedford particularly liked Longshore's mental understanding of the game of football. Despite passing for only 85 yards in a lopsided loss to Tennessee and being replaced by Ayoob in the second half of the Tennessee game, Longshore remained the team's starter. He led the Bears to a 10–3 record, a share of the Pac-10 title for the first time since 1975, and a victory in the 2006 Holiday Bowl. He was named the co-offensive MVP of the Holiday Bowl alongside running back Marshawn Lynch
Longshore was particularly effective in his first full season as California's starting quarterback. He became the second quarterback in California school history to throw for 3,000 yards. He was second in the Pac-10 in passing touchdowns with 24 and second in passing efficiency at 141.6. He was an honorable mention Pac-10 honoree and earned various player of the week awards.
2007.
Longshore entered 2007 as the established starting quarterback. In the preseason, Longshore was rated as the No. 5 quarterback in the nation by The Sporting News and ESPN's Mel Kiper Jr. ranked him the 3rd best junior quarterback in the country. Longshore led the Bears to 5-0 start and a number #2 ranking with wins against #15 Tennessee and #11 Oregon, but suffered a sprained right ankle that resulted in a bone spur in California's close victory over Oregon. Longshore missed the Oregon State game, Cal's first loss. He returned to start the Bears' last six regular season games, but he and the Bears were not the same, winning only one game, against Washington State.
Longshore faltered badly over the second half of the season, throwing 11 interceptions compared to 9 touchdowns over the team's final six regular season games. His struggles were particularly apparent in the fourth quarter of close games where he threw several interceptions in critical game situations that prevented California from making comebacks. Longshore started for Cal at the 2007 Armed Forces Bowl, but was replaced by backup Kevin Riley in the second quarter, who finished the game and was named the game MVP in Cal's 42-36 victory over Air Force.
The extent to which the ankle injury affected Longshore's performance is uncertain. Some media reports and telecasts have noted the injury on several occasions, some saying it was causing him to limp, while others have claimed that the impact was mental.
2008.
After a difficult second year, Longshore was looking to 2008 as a fresh start. Coach Jeff Tedford hinted that Longshore and Kevin Riley, Longshore's primary competitor for the quarterback position, would play significant minutes leading into conference play.
On August 30, in Cal's season opener against the Michigan State Spartans, Tedford inserted Longshore for two drives. Both resulted in interceptions, one of which was returned by the Spartans for a touchdown. By comparison, Riley, who quarterbacked for the rest of the game, completed 202 passing yards with two touchdown passes. Tedford announced on September 2 that Riley would be the starter and that Longshore would be the backup. Longshore saw playing time the following week on September 6 in Cal's 66-3 rout of Washington State in Pullman, Washington. He led the Bears in the third quarter and into the fourth, and passed for 53 yards.
Longshore saw playing time three weeks later on September 27 against the Colorado State Rams, replacing a struggling Riley who had thrown for a touchdown and had one interception. Although Longshore's two touchdown passes in the fourth quarter came with the game's outcome beyond doubt in the Bears' 42-7 victory, Tedford reopened the quarterback competition for the following week against Arizona State on October 4. Longshore won the starting job and played the entire game, throwing for 198 yards, including three touchdowns and one interception in the 24-14 victory. The game marked his first start since the 2007 Armed Forces Bowl.
Longshore started the next Cal game, an away game at Arizona. He threw for 218 yards and two touchdowns, but also threw an interception that was returned for a touchdown early in the second half. He was replaced by Riley in the fourth quarter, who was unable to bring the Bears back from a 42-27 deficit. The starting quarterback spot reverted again to Riley the following week against UCLA, who played the entire game in the 41-20 victory.
Riley also started the following week on November 1 against Oregon, but sustained a concussion after being hit in the first quarter when he failed to slide while trying to gain a first down and did not return to the game. Longshore stepped in and led the Bears to a 26-16 upset over the #23 Ducks. Longshore started the following week against USC, during which he threw two interceptions that were negated by penalties against the Trojans defense, although he did lead the Bears on their only scoring drive. He was replaced by Riley in the second half, who was unable to lead the Bears to an upset of the #6 Trojans.
Longshore did not see playing time again until the final regular season game of his college career on December 6 against the winless Washington Huskies when he stepped in for Riley during the second and third quarters. He threw for 84 yards and his 50th career touchdown pass, which moved him up to fourth overall in touchdown passes. He was replaced in the fourth quarter by third-string quarterback Brock Mansion when Cal began playing its backup players to give them some game experience. Longshore's final collegiate game came when he was picked to start for the 2008 Emerald Bowl over Riley, his performances in practice and health being cited as factors. He passed for 121 yards and the game-winning touchdown to freshman tight end Anthony Miller, moving him up to third place alongside Troy Taylor for career touchdown passes.
Post-college career.
Nate Longshore went undrafted in the 2009 NFL draft. In April 2009, Longshore was invited to try out for the Cincinnati Bengals, but he decided to go to the Miami Dolphins instead; he was given a three-day rookie mini-camp. After the mini-camp, Longshore was not offered a contract.
In 2010, he took a position as an assistant football coach at Santa Margarita Catholic High School.
Professional career.
San Jose SaberCats.
Longshore signed with the San Jose SaberCats, of the Arena Football League, in February 2011 but did not make the team's final roster.
Personal life.
Longshore is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. His father Todd Longshore died on April 24, 2006, of a blood clot. Older brother Nick Longshore died November 20, 2013, from an ATV accident in Idaho Falls. He was a former offensive lineman for Brigham Young University, graduated in April 2007. His younger brother Ben Longshore was a senior quarterback at his alma mater, Canyon High School of Santa Clarita, California, and walked on to Utah State as a freshman in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="7041770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041770" title="Paul Scott Mowrer">
Paul Scott Mowrer

Paul Scott Mowrer (July 14, 1887 – April 4, 1971) was an American newspaper correspondent.
Early life and career.
Paul Scott Mowrer was born in Bloomington, Illinois on July 14, 1887. He studied at the University of Michigan and began his newspaper career in 1905 as a reporter in Chicago. He was a correspondent at the front during the First Balkan War and again in the War in Europe from 1914 to 1918. In 1921 he acted as special correspondent of the Disarmament Conference. In 1929 he was awarded the first Pulitzer Prize for Correspondence while at the "Chicago Daily News". He also contributed many articles to magazines on world politics. In 1968, he was named Poet Laureate of New Hampshire.
His brother Edgar Ansel Mowrer also won the Pulitzer Prize for Correspondence, in 1933.
Personal life.
Mowrer married Winifred Adams on May 8, 1909. They divorced in April 1933.
In the spring of 1927, Mowrer met Hadley Richardson shortly after her divorce from Ernest Hemingway. On July 3, 1933, after a five-year courtship, Richardson and Mowrer married in London. Richardson was especially grateful to Mowrer for his warm relationship with Jack "Bumby" Hemingway, her son from her former marriage. Soon after the marriage, they moved to a suburb of Chicago, where they lived during World War II.
Mowrer died in Beaufort, South Carolina on April 4, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="7041773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041773" title="Prenzlau, Brandenburg">
Prenzlau, Brandenburg



</doc>
<doc id="7041780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041780" title="Kannada (disambiguation)">
Kannada (disambiguation)

Kannada is a language spoken predominantly by the people of Karnataka in India. 
Kannada may also refeto:

</doc>
<doc id="7041783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041783" title="Lorenzo (Duca di Urbino)">
Lorenzo (Duca di Urbino)



</doc>
<doc id="7041786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041786" title="Maps &amp; Atlases">
Maps &amp; Atlases

Maps &amp; Atlases is an American indie rock group from Chicago, Illinois, United States, influenced by alternative rock, folk and experimental music. They have been labeled as a math rock band.
The band has released three official EPs and three full-length LPs and toured on the festival circuit in the United States, including SXSW and CMJ, as well as national tours with RX Bandits, These Arms Are Snakes, mewithoutYou, Foals, So Many Dynamos, Ra Ra Riot, Minus the Bear, Princeton, The Fall of Troy, Nurses, Pattern Is Movement, Good Old War, Portugal. The Man, Tera Melos, and more.
After a recording hiatus following their 2012 release, "Beware and Be Grateful", the group announced a new record, "Lightlessness Is Nothing New", and an accompanying North American tour.
History.
2004–2006: Early years, "Bird Barnyard," and "Tree, Swallows, Houses".
Maps &amp; Atlases formed in fall 2004 when the founding members met in art school at Columbia College Chicago. Bassist Shiraz Dada, drummer Chris Hainey, Dave Davison (guitar and vocals), and guitarist Erin Elders first came together trying to find a sound that was both technical and organic, in the same vein as their influences Don Caballero and Hella. According to bassist Shiraz Dada, the group's name originates from a hand-painted advertisement posted on the side of a building near the college. Regarding their musicianship, Elders said that Maps &amp; Atlases' goal as a band was "to put existing technical elements in a new context, and create something artistically unique, but still accessible."
Maps &amp; Atlases came to prominence in the Chicago underground music scene of the early 2000s, among a diverse group of sounds that included post-hardcore, math rock, indie, punk, and emo music. Speaking with "The A.V. Club", Davison said,
"When we first started, early on in our academic careers at Columbia, we were finding out about so much stuff at once. Other than bands like Smoking Popes and other groups I would hear about on, like, Q101, I didn’t really know much about underground bands in Chicago.
I soon found about the whole Drag City/Thrill Jockey/Touch And Go scene, but it seemed so unattainable and unrelated to the kind of shows that we were playing. Even though we enjoyed the music, it seemed like a different thing. We were all 20, 21 [years old]; all the shows we played were with hardcore bands at American Legions."
Three of the group's early songs appear on an informally-titled EP, "Bird Barnyard", which never saw an official physical release, while another appears on a split EP with fellow Chicago band The Antenora. Both recordings are unavailable at conventional retail, though "Bird Barnyard" has been made available by fans through YouTube.
The band self-released their EP "Tree, Swallows, Houses", recorded by Dada, in 2006. Allmusic writer Jason Lymangrover called it "a busy record full of mathematical mastery," praising the "technical wizardry" of its composition and describing it as an "adventurous combination of art rock, indie rock, and prog rock." The band toured "Trees, Swallows, Houses" for nearly two years, gaining a local following with shows around the Midwest, playing alongside acts including Russian Circles, Matt &amp; Kim, Karma with a K, and Rahim.
2006–2009: Sargent House and "You and Me and the Mountain".
In late 2006 the band signed on with Sargent House, which re-released "Trees, Swallows, Houses" in 2007. This release led to Sargent House officially releasing many more records from other unsigned bands that it managed, later becoming the de facto record label for many of them.
In July 2008 Sargent House released the EP "You and Me and the Mountain", again recorded with Dada. "NPR" described the EP as "a supercharged mix of odd meters, intertwining guitar runs and hurried, half-spoken vocals that pass so quickly, it's nearly impossible to follow with just one listen." The song "Daily News" was featured in a commercial for the 2010 Nintendo DS game "Picross 3D".
2009–2012: Barsuk Records, "Perch Patchwork", and "Beware and Be Grateful".
The band spent the majority of 2009 writing and recording songs for their first full-length album with producer Jason Cupp (Finch, American Football, Anthony Green, Nurses, Good Old War, and more) at various studio locations. In March 2010 the band signed with Barsuk Records, who released their debut album, entitled "Perch Patchwork", on June 29, 2010. The album was released to critical acclaim, and achieved an "ADM Rating" of 7.8 on UK-based review aggregator website AnyDecentMusic? and currently holds a rating of 72% on Metacritic, indicating "generally favorable" reviews.
Following the release of "Perch Patchwork", the group released "Living Decorations", an EP containing remixes and live recordings, on March 1, 2011. While scant on original material, the EP was positively received, with Heather Steele of "The 405" commenting, ""Living Decorations" does not fit the math rock mould of Maps &amp; Atlases past. However, once this is considered you will find a slightly different, yet undeniably distinctive sound that the band delivers."
On April 17, 2012, the band released their second full-length album, "Beware and Be Grateful", again through Barsuk Records. The album was met with critical acclaim, currently holding a rating of "generally favorable" reviews on review aggregate Metacritic. The band would go on to tour in support of the record before entering an extended hiatus during which Maps &amp; Atlases officially released no original recorded material.
2012–2018: Departure of Erin Elders and touring as a trio.
On April 13, 2015, Elders announced his departure from Maps &amp; Atlases via his Facebook page. A former film student who directed several Maps &amp; Atlases music videos during his tenure with the band, Elders went on to pursue a career in filmmaking, and has directed videos for emo band American Football, Iron &amp; Wine, and more, as well as several short films.
In an October 2015 interview with Nashville college radio station WRVU, Davison commented on playing Maps &amp; Atlases shows as a trio:
"It’s interesting. One way I think it changes things overall is just that it creates a different dynamic in the way we play together. While obviously it was really fun to play with Erin, it’s been fun to explore that new dynamic. And I think that it’s led to us growing in the way we play together... I think that when you have two guitars trying to lock in it creates the need for a certain type of tightness... But now, live, everyone has more space."
2018: "Lightlessness Is Nothing New".
On April 5, 2018, Maps &amp; Atlases announced a new record, "Lightlessness Is Nothing New", scheduled for release on June 1 through Barsuk Records—the group's first record in six years following 2012's "Beware and Be Grateful". Alongside the announcement, the band released a single from the record, "Fall Apart," and plans for a North American promotional tour.
Regarding the writing process, Davison said that "Lightlessness" took form as a Maps &amp; Atlases record when he enlisted Hainey and Dada to play on one of Davison's solo releases: "[T]hat was when I realized that maybe this doesn’t need be a solo release. I like playing with Chris and Shiraz, and I’m asking them to play stuff on it, so I don’t know why it would be a solo record.”
Davison also stated that "Lightlessness" is thematically inspired by his conflicting emotions in the wake of father's death:
"It’s not some binary thing. This is not the darkness of my experience; "Lightlessness" is somewhere in between. It’s somewhere that’s not light or dark, not transparent or opaque."
Davison also addressed the band's nearly six-year apparent hiatus from record-making, during which the group (minus Elders) played occasional shows but released no new recorded music as Maps &amp; Atlases. The downtime eventually culminated in a series of shows in early 2018 (including a short Japan tour), various teases through the band's social media channels and more. Regarding the group's reason for reconvening, Davison said,
"There had to be a purpose to it beyond momentum. Even from the very beginning, we always said we only wanted to record and play music because we feel like we want to express something and do something unique." ... "That break makes you realise how much all your best stories and memories have taken place with these people."
Side projects.
In addition to the band, the members of Maps &amp; Atlases have had various side projects – some official and others informal, occasional, or uncredited, throughout the indie music scene. Dave Davison created a solo outlet known as Cast Spells and released a split EP with Good Old War in 2009, followed by his "Bright Works And Baton" EP in 2010, both through Sargent House. Davison is also credited as a guitarist on the self-titled record by rock collective Hey!Tonal.
Davison has also appeared in works from other artists. He appeared on Sargent House label mate Good Old War's 2008 release, "Only Way to Be Alone", playing guitar on the track "Weak Man". He also provided guest vocals on "ART SCHOOL CRUSH," a track from the 2013 record "Bootie Noir" by fellow Chicago artist NNAMDÏ.
Davison and Chris Hainey created an art-rock project known as Mountain Lion Mountain. The history of the group is ambiguous at best; in a 2011 interview, Davison and Hainey seemed to make light of its existence, insisting that it was a novelty jam group created for house shows:
“We were jamming on stuff here and there but it was mostly just in preparation for one show," Chris starts before they all collapse into giggles. Dave adds: “Shiraz and I used to live in a place that had shows in the basement and every year they’d have themed show where it was duos, two piece bands and some combination of us would just make up the band. It was online somewhere."
Since 2012, Elders has played guitar and provided vocals for Wedding Dress.

</doc>
<doc id="7041791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041791" title="State Highway 117A (Oklahoma)">
State Highway 117A (Oklahoma)



</doc>
<doc id="7041794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041794" title="Los Angeles Country Club">
Los Angeles Country Club

The Los Angeles Country Club is a golf and country club in Los Angeles, California, United States. The club is noted for being very exclusive. It hosted the 2023 U.S. Open on its North Course.
History.
In the fall of 1897, a group of Los Angeles residents organized the Los Angeles Golf Club. Subsequently, the club leased a lot at the corner of Pico and Alvarado streets (now part of the Alvarado Terrace Historic District) to build a nine-hole golf course. Called "The Windmill Links," the course was named for a makeshift clubhouse crafted from the bottom of an abandoned windmill. Through the middle of 1898, this site served as the club's home until the course became too crowded.
The club was removed to Pico Heights, at Hobart and 16th streets, and was named "The Convent Links" for its location behind a convent near Rosedale Cemetery. Again, nine holes were laid out for play, but by the spring of 1899, this course and clubhouse had also become too restricted for play.
The search committee for a new site, consisting of the club founders Joe Sartori and Ed Tufts, found the club's new home just west, on the northeast corner of Pico and Western. The clubhouse was transported intact to a new site in Beverly Hills, and it was expanded there. The club also laid out an 18-hole course, reopened on May 30, 1911, expanded to 36 holes, and added tennis courts.
The original golf course was laid out by Sartori, Tufts, Norman Macbeth, and Charles Orr. The courses were redesigned by Herbert Fowler and George C. Thomas, Jr., and again by Thomas with William P. Bell in 1927–28.
From 2019 to 2023, Los Angeles architecture, urban design &amp; planning, and interiors firm, Johnson Fain, along with its consultant team, restored the LACC's 80,000 square foot clubhouse. The original landmark clubhouse, designed by Sumner Hunt and constructed in 1911, was renewed and expanded including the interiors, gardens, and golf pro shop in a multi-year project.
The club has been criticized for the extraordinarily low tax rate it pays – around $300,000 annually despite land valuations calculated between six and nine billion dollars, which would ordinarily draw a tax bill of $60 to $90 million annually. This is because of a series of specific measures passed in the 1970s that provided preferential treatment to golf courses, as well as its status as a federal non-profit.
Hosts national and international championships.
The club hosted the 1930 United States Women's Amateur Golf Championship; Glenna Collett Vare defeated Virginia Van Wie in the final match. The club hosted the 1954 U.S. Junior Amateur Golf Championship; Foster Bradley defeated Al Geiberger in the final match. The club hosted the 2017 Walker Cup, won by the United States.
In 1996 and 1997 an extensive renovation of the North and South courses was completed. In February 2010, an extensive restoration of the North Course by Gil Hanse and Thomas biographer Geoff Shackelford took place to return the course to George C. Thomas, Jr.'s design from 1921. The course reopened in October 2010.
Hosts PGA Tour events.
The North course hosted the first Los Angeles Open in 1926, and it returned four times: 1934, 1935, 1936, and 1940.
 The most recent in 1940, won by Lawson Little, was plagued by heavy rains.
2023 U.S. Open.
On July 22, 2015, the United States Golf Association (USGA) announced that Los Angeles Country Club was selected to host the 123rd U.S. Open in June 2023. The first major championship held at the club, it was the first men's major in the Los Angeles area in 28 years, and the area's first U.S. Open in 75 years.

</doc>
<doc id="7041795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041795" title="The Babushka Lady">
The Babushka Lady



</doc>
<doc id="7041799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041799" title="Citta Italiana">
Citta Italiana



</doc>
<doc id="7041805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041805" title="Minnesota State Highway 299">
Minnesota State Highway 299



</doc>
<doc id="7041809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041809" title="Hiroshima – Rising from the Abyss">
Hiroshima – Rising from the Abyss

The jazz big band album 
 is the eighth audio recording released by the Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin. It was released in 2001 by Video Arts Music in Japan and True Life in the USA. Tracks 2-7 form the "Hiroshima - Rising From The Abyss" Suite.
Track listing.
All songs composed and orchestrated by Toshiko Akiyoshi:
Personnel.
Special guests:

</doc>
<doc id="7041812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041812" title="Bell-shaped curve">
Bell-shaped curve



</doc>
<doc id="7041819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041819" title="Piku'ah nefesh">
Piku'ah nefesh



</doc>
<doc id="7041824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041824" title="Glossary of shapes with metaphorical names">
Glossary of shapes with metaphorical names

Many shapes have metaphorical names, i.e., their names are metaphors: these shapes are named after a most common object that has it. For example, "U-shape" is a shape that resembles the letter U, a bell-shaped curve has the shape of the vertical cross section of a bell, etc. These terms may variously refer to objects, their cross sections or projections.
Types of shapes.
Some of these names are "classical terms", i.e., words of Latin or Ancient Greek etymology. Others are English language constructs (although the base words may have non-English etymology). In some disciplines, where shapes of subjects in question are a very important consideration, the shape naming may be quite elaborate, see, e.g., the taxonomy of shapes of plant leaves in botany.

</doc>
<doc id="7041827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041827" title="U-shape">
U-shape



</doc>
<doc id="7041828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041828" title="Sakonas nefoshos">
Sakonas nefoshos



</doc>
<doc id="7041829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041829" title="Sakanat nefashot">
Sakanat nefashot



</doc>
<doc id="7041830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041830" title="Prenzlau, Queensland">
Prenzlau, Queensland

Prenzlau is a rural locality in the Somerset Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Prenzlau had a population of 408 people.
Geography.
Prenzlau is situated in the Lockyer Valley at the southern end of the Somerset Region LGA in southeastern Queensland, Australia.
History.
The area was settled in the 1860s by German immigrants, including the Ruthenberg and Ruhl families, from the Uckermark near Prenzlau in Brandenburg, Germany. The locality name is presumed to have been taken from the German town.
Prenzlau Provisional School opened on 21 October 1894. On 1 May 1900, it became Prenzlau State School.
There was a post office in the town from 1894 to 1968.
Demographics.
In the , Prenzlau had a population of 1,120 people.
In the , Prenzlau had a population of 427 people.
In the , Prenzlau had a population of 408 people.
Education.
Prenzlau State School is a government primary (Prep-6) school for boys and girls at 357 Prenzlau Road (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 56 students with 4 teachers and 5 non-teaching staff (3 full-time equivalent).
There are no secondary schools in Prenzlau. The nearest government secondary schools are Lowood State High School in Lowood to the north-east and Laidley State High School in Laidley to the south-west.
Heritage listings.
Heritage-listed sites in Prenzlau include:

</doc>
<doc id="7041831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041831" title="Sakanas nefashos">
Sakanas nefashos



</doc>
<doc id="7041832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041832" title="Sakonas nefashos">
Sakonas nefashos



</doc>
<doc id="7041833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041833" title="Jack Goldstone">
Jack Goldstone

Jack A. Goldstone (born September 30, 1953) is an American sociologist, political scientist, and historian, specializing in studies of social movements, revolutions, political demography, and the 'Rise of the West' in world history. He is an author or editor of 13 books and over 150 research articles. He is recognized as one of the leading authorities on the study of revolutions and long-term social change.
Career.
His work has made foundational contributions to the fields of cliodynamics, economic history and political demography. He was the first scholar to describe in detail and document the long-term cyclical relationship between global population and of political rebellion and revolution. He was also a core member of the "California school" in world history, which replaced the standard view of a dynamic West and stagnant East with a 'late divergence' model in which Eastern and Western civilizations underwent similar political and economic cycles until the 18th century, when Europe achieved the technical breakthroughs of industrialization. He is also one of the founders of the field of political demography, studying the impact of local, regional, and global population trends on international security and national politics.
Appointments.
Goldstone is the Virginia E. and John T. Hazel Jr. Professor of Public Policy and Eminent Scholar in the Schar School of Policy and Government at George Mason University in Arlington, Virginia. In 2016 he was the Elman Family Professor of Public Policy at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and Director of the HKUST Institute for Public Policy. In 2013–2015 he was the founding director of the Research Laboratory in Political Demography and Macrosocial Dynamics at the Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration in Moscow. He has also worked as a consultant of the US government, for example, serving as chair of the National Research Council's evaluation of USAID Democracy Assistance Programs. He has been a non-resident Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution and is currently a Global Fellow of the Woodrow Wilson Center.
Awards.
His academic awards include the American Sociological Association Distinguished Scholarly Publication Award, for 'Revolution and Rebellion in the Early Modern World', and the Myron Weiner award for lifetime scholarly achievement from the International Studies Association. He has also won the Arnaldo Momigliano Award of the Historical Society, and seven awards for 'best article' in the fields of Comparative/Historical Sociology, Political Sociology, Social Theory, and Collective Behavior and Social Movements. He has won fellowships from the Council of Learned Societies, the U.S. Institute of Peace, the MacArthur Foundation, The John Simon Guggenheim Foundation, the Andrew Carnegie Foundation, the Australian Research School of Social Sciences, the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences, and is an elected member of the Council on Foreign Affairs and the Sociological Research Association. He has been the Richard Holbrooke Visiting Lecturer at the American Academy in Berlin, the Crayborough Lecturer at Leiden University, and a Phi Beta Kappa National Visiting Scholar.

</doc>
<doc id="7041834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041834" title="Sakonos nefashos">
Sakonos nefashos



</doc>
<doc id="7041835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041835" title="Jack A. Goldstone">
Jack A. Goldstone



</doc>
<doc id="7041838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041838" title="Sakonos nefoshos">
Sakonos nefoshos



</doc>
<doc id="7041843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041843" title="V-shape">
V-shape



</doc>
<doc id="7041845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041845" title="LAMR">
LAMR

LAMR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7041846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041846" title="Sir Roy Grounds">
Sir Roy Grounds



</doc>
<doc id="7041862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041862" title="Acaraú">
Acaraú

Acaraú (also Acarahú) is a municipality in the Ceará state of Brazil. The city lies on the Acaraú River near the northern Atlantic coast. In 2020 the population was estimated at 63,104. The municipality is a major producer of Brazilian lobster and its economy depends heavily on fishing, agriculture and cattle breeding.
Etymology.
The origin of the toponym "Acaraú" is indigenous, with at least two hypotheses regarding its meaning:
It may be the result of the fusion of acará (heron) and hu (water), thus meaning "river of herons" (according to Paulinho Nogueira); however, Silveira Bueno translates acará as cará or cascudo (a type of fish) and u or y as water or river, therefore "river of the cará." This interpretation also seems to align with Navarro.

</doc>
<doc id="7041863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041863" title="Discoid lupus">
Discoid lupus



</doc>
<doc id="7041870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041870" title="Nicolò Maria Antonelli">
Nicolò Maria Antonelli

Nicolò Maria Antonelli (8 July 1698 – 25 September 1767) was an Italian Cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church, a learned canonist, ecclesiastical historian, and Orientalist.
Antonelli was born in Senigallia. He wrote "De Titulis Quos S. Evaristus Presbyteris Romanis Distribuit" (Rome, 1725), in defense of the parochial character of the primitive Roman churches. He also edited (and defended) the commentary of St. Athanasius on the Psalms, sermons of St. James of Nisibis, and under the name of Emman. S.J. de Azovedo, "Vetus Missale Romanum Monasticum Lateranense" (1752).
Antonelli was the uncle of Cardinal Leonardo Antonelli.

</doc>
<doc id="7041873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041873" title="Government Junta of Chile (November 1811)">
Government Junta of Chile (November 1811)

Government Junta of Chile (November 16, 1811), also known as the Provisional Junta, was the political structure established to rule Chile following the Military Coup organized by Juan Martínez de Rozas and José Miguel Carrera. It lasted until replaced by the December Junta.
Background.
After organizing the coup that had brought down the Second Junta (on September 4, 1811), Juan Martínez de Rozas had managed to regain a big measure of the former power he had held during the time of the First Junta, but he still was not satisfied. He wanted the totality of power concentrated on his person. To achieve this, he convinced the recently returned José Miguel Carrera to help him oust the Superior Junta.
History.
The Junta lasted only a month because by this time divisions began to arise between the Rozas followers from Concepción and the men of Santiago. Also a feud for the leadership broke out between the two leaders, Martínez de Rozas and Carrera who had secured control of Santiago. The fight was finally solved on December 16, in another bloodless coup, when the Junta was forced to resign and was replaced by the December Junta under the undisputed leadership of Carrera. In 1812 Carrera succeeded in securing the banishment of his rival, who was forced to retire to Mendoza, where he died on March 3, 1813

</doc>
<doc id="7041874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041874" title="Preliminary finals">
Preliminary finals



</doc>
<doc id="7041877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041877" title="Yevgeny Tuchkov">
Yevgeny Tuchkov

Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Tuchkov (Russian Евгений Александрович Тучков; 1892, Suzdal, Vladimir Governorate – 15 April, 1957, Moscow) was a Soviet state security officer and the head of the anti-religious department of the Soviet OGPU.
Tuchkov was born in 1892 in the village of Teliakovo near Suzdal. He finished four years of primary education after which he worked as a baker and also in a leather shop. He then served in the Russian Imperial Army as a secretary.
In 1917, after the Russian Revolution, Tuchkov joined the Bolsheviks and in 1918, the Cheka. From 1922 to 1929 Tuchkov headed the sixth secret department of the OGPU which targeted the Russian Orthodox Church during the 1920s.
During this period, Tuchkov orchestrated a campaign of persecution against the church which included the mass arrests and executions of clergy. He personally led the questioning of Patriarch Tikhon. He had also begun supporting the liberal and modernist Living Church movement, seeking to make it a replacement for traditional Russian Orthodoxy.
In 1928, Tuchkov enrolled in Moscow State University but dropped out a year later. In 1939, Tuchkov was fired from the NKVD, whereupon he began working as a lecturer for the society "Knowledge". He died in early 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="7041878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041878" title="National Agency for Disaster Countermeasure">
National Agency for Disaster Countermeasure

The National Agency for Disaster Countermeasure (), abbreviated as BNPB, is the Indonesian board for natural disaster affairs. It was established in 2008 to replace the National Coordinating Board for Disaster Management ( or Bakornas PB). BNPB is directly responsible to the President of Indonesia and the chairman is directly appointed by the President.
History.
On 20 August 1945, the Indonesian government established the Agency for Assisting Families of War Victims (; abbreviated as BPKKP) and its focus was to assist the war victims and their respective families during the Indonesian National Revolution.
In 1966, the government established the advisory board of Central Natural Disaster Management (; abbreviated as BP2BAP) through the Presidential Decree Number 256 of 1966. The board was responsible to the Minister of Social Affairs. A year later, the Cabinet Presidium through Decree number 14/U/KEP/I/1967, established the National Coordination Team for Disaster Management (; abbreviated as TKP2BA).
Bakornas PB was established in 1979 to replace the Advisory Board for Natural Disasters, which was established in 1966. The organization in form of the current BNPB was established in 2008, in accordance to Presidential Decree 8 of 2008.
On 21 January 2019, President Joko Widodo elevated the rank of the BNPB head to a minister-level official, allowing the agency to directly take over commanding functions during natural disasters.
Duties and functions.
Functions.
Formulation and establishment of disaster management policies and handling of refugees to act quickly and appropriately and effectively and efficiently; and Coordinating implementation of disaster management activities in a planned, integrated, and comprehensive.
Amongst other things, the Board issues regular information about the status of alerts for selected Indonesian volcanoes. In issuing these information bulletins, the Board draws on the advice of the Centre of Vulcanology and Geological Hazard Mitigation (often known as PVMBG from the Indonesian name for the centre, "Pusat Vulkanology dan Mitigasi Bencana Geologi"). These bulletins are intended to warn local residents of likely threats and also help in planning for emergency response activities. The alerts are also useful for visitors who may be planning trips to these sites. As of September 2011, five volcanoes were included on the Level III "Alert" () list and 12 were on the Level II "Vigilant" () list
The Board has noted that financial support for disaster responses in Indonesia remains relatively limited. A spokesperson for the board observed that a sum of only Rp 4 trillion (around $US 470 million) had been allocated to support disaster relief in Indonesia during 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="7041881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041881" title="Antonelli, Nicolò Maria">
Antonelli, Nicolò Maria



</doc>
<doc id="7041883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041883" title="US-China Rule of Law Initiative">
US-China Rule of Law Initiative



</doc>
<doc id="7041885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041885" title="World Para Alpine Skiing Championships">
World Para Alpine Skiing Championships

The World Para Alpine Skiing Championships, known before the 2017 edition as the IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships, along with the Winter Paralympic Games, are the most prestigious level of international competition in Paralympic alpine skiing. First held in 1974, the World Championships have been held every four years (even-numbered non-Paralympic years) from 1982 to 2004; beginning in 2009, they have been held every other year, in odd-numbered years.
The change from holding the World Championships every four years to every two was originally set to happen in 2007. The 2007 edition was slated for Klosters, Switzerland, but organizers withdrew their bid in early 2006, citing a lack of funding. The International Paralympic Committee initially attempted to find a replacement host for the 2007 Championships but in April decided to cancel the event entirely.
On 30 November 2016, the IPC, which serves as the international governing body for Alpine skiing involving competitors with disabilities, adopted the "World Para" branding for the committees that govern all disability sports for which it serves as the international federation. Accordingly, IPC world championship events in Alpine skiing have since been known as "World Para Alpine Skiing Championships".
At the 53rd International Ski Congress in July 2022, the IPC transferred responsibility of para-alpine skiing to the International Ski and Snowboard Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="7041889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041889" title="Nicolo Maria Antonelli">
Nicolo Maria Antonelli



</doc>
<doc id="7041891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041891" title="Mozilla Minefield">
Mozilla Minefield



</doc>
<doc id="7041895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041895" title="2moro">
2moro

2moro is a Taiwanese boyband, whose members are identical twins Anthony Guo (郭彥均) and Angus Guo (郭彥甫). The twins are graduates from Taipei Physical Education College.
The twins got their first taste of stardom in their third year of school, when an advertising company was seeking two similar-looking persons for the filming of a sportswear commercial, and found them a good choice. Before recording their first album, they had worked with female group S.H.E in the film "Reaching For The Stars" (真命天女) and with Singaporean actors in the Mediacorp drama production "Rainbow Connections" (舞出彩虹).
They released their first album, "Twins' First Disc" (雙胞胎的初回盤), on 6 January 2006.
Both brothers are co-host a variety show 食尚玩家(Super Taste) on TVBS Entertainment Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="7041901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041901" title="Pig Iron – The Album">
Pig Iron – The Album

Pig Iron – The Album is a compilation album by English punk rock band Anti-Nowhere League. It consists of a newly remastered copy of their "Scum" album along with their "Pig Iron" EP and three new tracks.
The song "Gypsys, Tramps &amp; Thieves" was originally recorded by Cher.

</doc>
<doc id="7041908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041908" title="Basidiobolus ranarum">
Basidiobolus ranarum

Basidiobolus ranarum is a filamentous fungus with worldwide distribution. The fungus was first isolated by Eidam in 1886. It can saprophytically live in the intestines of mainly cold-blooded vertebrates and on decaying fruits and soil. The fungus prefers glucose as a carbon source and grows rapidly at room temperature. "Basidiobolus ranarum" is also known as a cause of subcutaneous zygomycosis, usually causing granulomatous infections on a host's limbs. Infections are generally geographically limited to tropical and subtropical regions such as East and West Africa. Subcutaneous zygomycosis caused by "B. ranarum" is a rare disease and predominantly affects children and males. Common subcutaneous zygomycosis shows characteristic features and is relatively easy to be diagnosed; while, certain rare cases might show non-specific clinical features that might pose a difficulty on its identification. Although disease caused by this fungus is known to resolve spontaneously on its own, there are a number of treatments available.
History.
In 1886, the fungus was first isolated from the dung and intestinal contents of frogs by Eidam. In 1927, it was found in the intestines of toads, slowworms, and salamanders by Levisohn. In 1956, Joe et al. reported and described the first four cases of zygomycosis in Indonesia. Since then, hundreds of the cases of this infection have been reported. In 1955, Drechsler isolated it from decaying plants material in North America. In 1971, it was first isolated by Nickerson and Hutchison from aquatic animals, suggesting that "B. ranarum" can survive in a wild range of ecological situations.
Physiology.
At room temperature (25–30 °C), colonies of "B. ranarum" show very rapid growth and are able to reach a diameter of 75–80 mm in a week on suitable growth media. The favored carbohydrate source of this fungus is glucose that can stimulate the growth of its mycelium. Generally, asexual reproduction is favored by glucose and sexual reproduction is favored by acid amines. Primary asexual spores are singly formed on the apices of unbranched hyphae and will then be discharged to form ballistic spores. Secondary asexual spores are singly developed from a hypha that was generated from a geminated ballistic spore. Also, sporangiospores can be generated by internal cleave of the cytoplasm and can then be dispersed when the sporangial wall is dissolved. As a result, the ejected asexual spores can form satellite colonies in a distance. After around 10 days of growth, sexual spores, zygospores with 20–50 μm diameters can also be produced. This fungus is believed to have significant protease and lipase activity. Its lipase has a maximum activity at 35 °C and pH 6.0 while its protease has maximum activity at 30 °C and pH 5.5. Both enzymes might be involved in pathogenesis. Light does not affect hyphal growth light but may influence certain aspects of physiology. First, light may stimulate the production of the asexual spores, and certain blue lights (wavelengths 440 nm and 480 nm) may further stimulate the discharge of those spores. Second, light may also stimulate the induction of aerial hyphae and favor the unicellular configuration of the hyphae while darkness may favor their bicellular configuration.
Morphology.
Colonies of "B. ranarum" are round, flat, waxy, glabrous and radially folded. And, their color is in a range of yellowish-grey to whitish-grey. A one-week-old colony can reach 75–80 mm in diameter. A white bloom, consisting of mycelia and sporangiospores, covers the colonies. Under microscope, younger hyphae are wide and have few septa. Older cultures have colorless zygospores (20–50 μm) with smooth, thick walls and abundant large, spherical, darkly coloured chlamydospores. The colonies commonly produce a strong Streptomyces-like or benzene hexachloride-like odour.
Habitat and ecology.
"Basidiobolus ranarum" has a worldwide distribution and is capable of living saprotrophically in a broad range of ecological situations, indicating its great ecological and physiological tolerance as well as its ubiquity. "Basidiobolus ranarum" was widely reported from all parts of the world, especially Asia and Africa. It can saprophytically live in the intestines of vertebrates including amphibians (e.g. frogs, toads, salamanders, mudpuppy), reptiles (e.g. chameleons, wall geckoes, snakes, lizards, turtles), and fishes (e.g. sturgeon). In addition, studies also reported occasional presence of "B. ranarum" in the intestinal contents of mammals such as one bat in India and the kangaroos in Australia. Moreover, other habitats including compost heaps, decaying plant material and soil can also be their place to live. However, the habitat for "B. ranarum" is not fixed and a life-cycle illustration of it might provide a better idea of the variation of its habitats. First, insects might eat feces and decaying plant materials in which "B. ranarum" might be present, or insects might have physical contact with the strains so that the strains can attach to the insects externally. Then, those insects might be devoured by predators, such as frogs. Next, the fungi will travel through the predator's gastrointestinal tract and might either stay a little bit longer (as long as 18 days) at or leave from the intestine along with the feces. Eventually, the strains in those feces will end up in the soil and some of them will be further transported to decaying plant materials or other organic contents. Also, the tissues that the pathogenic strains of "B. ranarum" infect can also be considered as its habitats, "B. ranarum" can also live in both human and non-human animal (e.g. horses, frogs) tissues. However, instead of a worldwide distribution, the pathogenic lifestyle of "B. ranarum" only exists in tropical and subtropical regions.
Pathology.
Subcutaneous zygomycosis (also known as "entomophthoromycosis basidiobolae""," subcutaneous phycomycosis, and basidiobolomycosis) is a both human and non-human animal disease or lesion caused by the granulomatous infection of subcutaneous tissue by "B. ranarum". Several enzymes produced by "B. ranarum", including lipase and protease, might hydrolyze and utilize the fatty tissues of the host and contribute to the pathogenesis of the infection.
Prevalence, mode of transmission.
Considering the broad-range distribution of "B. ranarum" and its high ubiquity, subcutaneous zygomycosis is not really prevalent. In addition, the fact that infections were only reported at tropical and subtropical regions further limits its prevalence. Currently, the reason why the infections were limited to those regions is not fully understood. However, the low prevalence might be explained by the speculations that the widespread immunity of other species was developed against its infection or the number of the "B. ranarum" strains with pathogenic characteristics is much lower than the saprophytic strains. Its transmission mode has not been fully understood though certain general ideas about its transmission are widely accepted. Ingestion of "B. ranarum" is thought to help disperse the agent through the deposition of feces at a distant place where human and other non-human animals might be exposed. As well, the agent may transmit through traumas or insect bites on skin.
Vulnerable groups.
Most of the reported cases were from Nigeria and Uganda in Africa as well as Indonesia and thus the residents there might be considered as one of the vulnerable groups. Over 90% of the reported infections occurred on the people under 20 years old; thus the young are thought to be a particularly vulnerable group for this agent. Based on the skewed male to female ratio of infection reported in Nigeria (3:1) and Uganda (3:2), males are substantially more vulnerable to infection. One explanation that has been offered for this observation suggests that male children in endemic regions areas were likely to use decayed leaves which might be associated with pathogenic "B. ranarum" strains as toilet paper following defecation. Although rarely, the agent can cause gastrointestinal disease which does not show specific vulnerable groups or risk factors.
Clinical features and diagnosis.
In general, the clinical presentation of subcutaneous zygomycosis is quite identifiable and characteristic and the diagnosis is fairly easy. Human infection is characterized by the single formation of enlarging, painless and firm swelling in soft tissues on extremities e.g. buttocks, thighs, perineum, trunk. However, as the infection worsens, symptoms such a burning sensation or itchiness may develop in the swollen region. In addition to general severe symptoms, one unusual case reported that the severe perineal infection of a led to acute large intestinal obstruction. Moreover, other rare cases also reported the infections happened on other anatomical regions such as the colon in the case of gastrointestinal basidiobolomycosis. Infections may be associated with a diffusive bluish pigmentation generally associated with swelling. Joint function is often not affected; however, a few other cases reported the subcutaneous infection transfect local muscle tissues and lymph nodes.
Definitive diagnosis requires laboratory effort. Culture, histopathology and immunology can be used to for the diagnosis. First, a portion of the infected tissue will be surgically removed and used for a biopsy. Since the fungus can not tolerate refrigeration, the biopsied material needs to be incubated immediately once it is collected. Then, the examination will investigate the presence of thin-walled, wide, hyaline, coenocytic hyphae and internal cleavage for the production of the sporangiospores in H&amp;E (Haemotoxylin and Eosin) stained sections. Other characteristics of its appearance mentioned in the morphology section might also be used to identify the species. Moreover, the histopathology test will expect a granuloma consisting of a variety of immune cells in which hypha or hyphal fragments (4–10 μm diameter) often stain bright pink in H&amp;E sections. When biopsy is not available, immunofluorescent test can also be used to identify "B. ranarum" strains. Five specific antigens have been identified that can be used measured in the sera of the infected patients using antibodies conjugated to fluorescein dye. The diagnosis of the rare cases, such as gastrointestinal basidiobolomycosis, is challenging given the nonspecific clinical presentation as well as the need for surgical biopsy.
Treatment.
Many cases are thought to resolve spontaneously, although surgical intervention may be help to debulk the infected tissue. The most common treatment is taking potassium iodide (KI) on a daily basis for a half of a year to one-year period. For the patients who can not response to KI, some successful cases with other treatments also reported that medications including cotrimoxazole, amphotericin B, itraconazole, and ketoconazole might also show beneficial effects. In addition, given the fact that "Conidiobolus coronatus" infection causes a similar disease as "B. ranarum" infection does, coupled with the fact that fluconazole shows great effects on treating "C. coronatus" infection, there might be a possibility that fluconazole will also be effective in treating "B. ranarum" infection.

</doc>
<doc id="7041913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041913" title="Pittsburgh (Weeds)">
Pittsburgh (Weeds)



</doc>
<doc id="7041914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041914" title="Heligoland (band)">
Heligoland (band)

Heligoland are a five-piece band from Melbourne, Australia. The band is now based in Paris, France. Heligoland's songs and sound have been compared to the atmospheric textures and soaring female vocals of Cocteau Twins, the spartan soulfulness of Low and the wistful melancholy of Mojave 3.
Other projects.
Several past and present members of Heligoland have been (and are still) involved in other musical projects:

</doc>
<doc id="7041919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041919" title="Parvovirus B19 infection">
Parvovirus B19 infection



</doc>
<doc id="7041920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041920" title="Pamela Segall Adlon">
Pamela Segall Adlon



</doc>
<doc id="7041926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041926" title="Kawada Mami">
Kawada Mami



</doc>
<doc id="7041929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041929" title="Jessica M. Weis">
Jessica M. Weis

Jessica "Judy" McCullough Weis (July 8, 1901 – May 1, 1963) was a two-term Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from Rochester, New York.
Weis was born in Chicago, the daughter of Charles H. McCullough Jr. and Jessie Martin McCullough. Her father was president of the Lackawanna Steel Company in Lackawanna, New York. She was educated at the Franklin School in Buffalo, at Miss Wright's School in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania and at Madame Rieffel's French School in New York City. In 1921 she married Charles William Weis Jr. of Rochester, who became president of the Stecher Traung Lithographic Company. They had three children.
As a young woman, Weis worked as a volunteer for the Red Cross, the Junior League, and other charitable organizations. In 1923 she founded the "Chatterbox Club", a women's social club. Weis first became active in politics during the 1936 election campaign of Alf Landon, when she organized statewide road caravans to support his election. She held various posts in the local, state, and national Republican Party. She was vice chairman of the Monroe County Republican Committee from 1937 until 1952. She was also a member of the Republican National Committee from 1944 until 1963.
Weis served as the first vice president of the newly founded National Federation of Republican Women and served as its president in 1941. She was a delegate at large to the 1940, 1944, 1948, 1952 and 1956 Republican National Conventions. In 1948 Weis seconded the nomination of Thomas E. Dewey for president, the first woman to do so. She went on to work as associate campaign manager for the Republican Party in the 1948 election.
In 1952 Weis was a member of the caucus that helped Dwight D. Eisenhower select a running mate, an experience she described in an essay she contributed to the book, "Politics USA". In 1953, President Eisenhower appointed her to the National Defence Advisory Council, she was re-appointed to this post until her resignation in 1958. She was also an appointee to the Inter-American Commission of Women. In 1956, she was the planning chair of the Republican National Convention in San Francisco.
When Kenneth Keating vacated his house seat to run for the US Senate, Weis was elected to Congress from New York's the 38th District. She was reelected in 1960, and served from January 3, 1959 until January 3, 1963. She served on the Committees on Governmental Operations, District of Columbia, and the newly formed Committee on Science and Astronautics. In 1961 Weis supported the Equal Rights Amendment and the Equal Pay Act.
Weis declined to run for a third term when she was diagnosed with cancer. She died in Rochester, New York, age 61, and was interred at Mount Hope Cemetery. Her papers are housed at Harvard University's Schlesinger Library.

</doc>
<doc id="7041940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041940" title="Jessica Weis">
Jessica Weis



</doc>
<doc id="7041943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041943" title="Jessica McCullough Weis">
Jessica McCullough Weis



</doc>
<doc id="7041951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041951" title="Vas Kallas">
Vas Kallas



</doc>
<doc id="7041957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041957" title="The Steinbergs">
The Steinbergs



</doc>
<doc id="7041961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041961" title="Groupoid (algebra)">
Groupoid (algebra)



</doc>
<doc id="7041972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041972" title="Tartak (band)">
Tartak (band)

Tartak ( , ) is a hip-hop/rapcore/alternative crossover band from Ukraine. It mixes styles of guitar rock, hip-hop and dance music.
History.
Sashko Polozhynskyi and Vasily Zinkevich, Jr. founded the group in the Fall of 1996 in Lutsk, Ukraine. The name of the group, Tartak, means a woodworking company.
The group has released five albums with a total of 74 songs and 9 videos. Tartak's songs "Ni Ya Ne Tu Kokhav" and "Stilnykove Kohannia" stayed on the Top 40 charts for 144 days and 75 days respectively. Tartak was one of the bands that performed during the events of the Orange Revolution. 
On Independence Day of Ukraine 2020 President Volodymyr Zelensky awarded Polozhynskyi the Order of Merit. Polozhynskyi renounced it and stated that the award should have been given to the five veterans of the War in Donbas that were arrested in December 2019 on the suspicion of killing journalist Pavel Sheremet. According to Polozhynskyi there was no "really substantial proof of their guilt" and they had been "suffering from lawlessness for more than six months." He blamed Zelensky for his "participation a briefing where people were unjustifiably called murderers - without trial, without investigation, without evidence."
Origin and albums.
In 1996 Tartak won the first prize in the dance music genre at the Chervona Ruta Festival.
At the end of 1997, Sashko Polozhynsky and Vasily Zinkevich, Jr., who formed the band at the time, were joined by Andrii Blahun - keyboardist - and guitarist Andrii "Muha" Samoilo.
At the end of 1999, DJ Valentyn Matiyuk joined the band, and at the beginning of 2000, Tartak recorded its debut album, "Demo hrafichnyi vybukh" ("Demo Graphic Blast").
In March 2003 Tartak released a second album, "System of Nerves". In June 2004 a third album, "Music Letter of Happiness", was released.
"Opir materialiv" ("Material Resistance") was uploaded for free on New Year's Day, January 1, 2010. 
The next album was "Simka".

</doc>
<doc id="7041973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041973" title="The Horror at Martin's Beach">
The Horror at Martin's Beach

"The Horror at Martin's Beach" is a short story by American writers H. P. Lovecraft and Sonia H. Greene. It was written in June 1922 and first published (as "The Invisible Monster") in November 1923 in "Weird Tales" (Vol. 2, No. 4, pages 75–76, 83).
Plot.
Sailors kill a 50-foot creature at sea after a lengthy battle. The creature bears strange anatomical irregularities such as a single large eye and rudimentary forelegs and six-toed feet in place of pectoral fins. After inspection by marine biologists, it is revealed to be just a juvenile. The captain who captured the creature tours the coast and profits from the corpse of the deceased creature. Some months later, the vessel with the creature breaks free from its moorings in a storm and disappears.
A few weeks later, as the captain attempts to finish his business at Martin's Beach, two lifeguards and other on the beach attempt to rescue something at sea, but are pulled in. The captain and others attempt to rescue the victims but it is too late. The rescuers and the captain are seemingly hypnotized and pulled into the water by the creature's apparently vengeful mother, to the horror of an onlooking crowd.
Reprints.
The story has been included in at least four collections of Lovecraft's works:

</doc>
<doc id="7041984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041984" title="Amir caldeira">
Amir caldeira



</doc>
<doc id="7041995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7041995" title="Baconian Cipher">
Baconian Cipher



</doc>
<doc id="7042014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042014" title="S-Adenosyl-L-Homocisteine">
S-Adenosyl-L-Homocisteine



</doc>
<doc id="7042015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042015" title="Israeli war for independence">
Israeli war for independence



</doc>
<doc id="7042022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042022" title="The Return Trip..">
The Return Trip..



</doc>
<doc id="7042035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042035" title="Janne Lindberg">
Janne Lindberg

Janne Lindberg (born 24 May 1966) is a Finnish former professional footballer who works as a coaching coordinator for MP. Before that he worked as a sporting director of Veikkausliiga club VPS, but was fired at the end of 2023 for harassing scandal.
Playing career.
Lindberg joined his local club Kumu as a six-year-old boy where he stayed for 18 years. In 1990, at the age of 24, he moved onto Haka and after two years at Haka he transferred to MyPa.
At MyPa Lindberg established himself as a Finnish International, gaining the first of his 34 caps in 1992. He also experienced European football in the UEFA Cup.
In 1994, ex-Morton player Jimmy Pearson recommended Lindberg to then Greenock Morton manager Allan McGraw. As a result, Morton signed Lindberg at a cost of £250,000; a deal that included Lindberg's MyPa teammate and compatriot Marko Rajamäki.
Lindberg (and Rajamäki) made their débuts on 22 October 1994 against Berwick Rangers, a match Morton lost 2–1. However, both players went on to have impressive careers at Morton. Lindberg made approximately 88 appearances, scoring five goals.
In 1997 Lindberg's contract at Morton was not renewed and he signed for German side 1. FC Saarbrücken. His family did not settle in Germany, consequently he returned to former club MyPa in 1998 where he played until 2005.
Coaching career.
After a lengthy spell coaching at MyPa, he became coach at VPS.
In 2002 Lindberg was instrumental in the transfer of former Finnish Under 21 internationalist Jani Uotinen from MyPa to former club Morton.
In September 2008 Lindberg was appointed as the new head coach of MyPa care-taking the rest of the season after the manager Janne Hyppönen was sacked. Previously Lindberg had worked as an assistant of Hyppönen. He left this post in 2010 and joined another Kouvola-based club Sudet, which he coached until 2017.
During 2014–2017, Lindberg was an assistant coach of the Finland under-21 national team.
During 2021–2023, Lindberg worked as a sporting director of Veikkausliiga club Vaasan Palloseura (VPS). He was fired after the 2023 season, after it went public that he had sent several sexually harassing messages to female colleagues.
On 26 September 2024, Lindberg started as a coaching coordinator for the youth sector of Ykkösliiga club Mikkelin Palloilijat (MP).
Honours.
MYPA
Greenock Morton
1. FC Saarbrücken
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="7042037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042037" title="Love Boat Captain">
Love Boat Captain

"Love Boat Captain" is a song by the American rock band Pearl Jam. Featuring lyrics written by vocalist Eddie Vedder and music co-written by Vedder and keyboardist Boom Gaspar, "Love Boat Captain" was released on February 24, 2003, as a single from the band's seventh studio album, "Riot Act" (2002). It became a top-20 hit in Canada and Portugal. The song was not released in the United States, where "Save You" was issued instead.
Origin and recording.
"Love Boat Captain" features lyrics written by vocalist Eddie Vedder and music co-written by Vedder and keyboardist Boom Gaspar. According to Gaspar, the song initially developed out of a jam session he had with Vedder shortly after the two first met in Hawaii. He added, "He had a guitar. I had a keyboard. It was a small set-up. And we wrote." When they were done, Vedder asked Gaspar if he was "ready to go to Seattle." Vedder on the song:
I had a little recording setup for when I wanted to get away and do some writing. He just showed up and we started playing. That night we wrote what turned into "Love Boat Captain". Within an hour, we had this thing we put on the stereo and played it loud. It was probably about an 11-minute version at that point.
Bassist Jeff Ament said, "The demo to that was called "Boom B3". We played a version of it, and then it got re-arranged." Drummer Matt Cameron on the song:
There weren't any lyrics when we tracked it, so we did what we thought would be a good, tight instrumental version that would later have vocals on it. When we tracked it, I was like, "Huh? What's this?" It made no sense to me. But then when the vocals were added, it made perfect sense and it elevated the entire piece.
Lyrics.
The lyrics for "Love Boat Captain" tackle existential matters. "Love Boat Captain" references the 2000 Roskilde tragedy with the line "Lost nine friends we'll never know two years ago today". When "Love Boat Captain" is performed in concert, Vedder modifies the lyric to reflect the passage of time since the tragedy. There is also a reference to The Beatles' song "All You Need Is Love" with the lyrics "I know it's already been sung...can't be said enough/Love is all you need..all you need is love..."
When speaking about the song, Vedder stated:
It feels a little strange talking about love that openly, but if you can't do it now, when can you do it? Love is one resource that the corporations aren't going to be able to monopolize. Which means there's hope for us human beings yet.
When asked about the line, "The young can lose hope," Vedder said:
I was happy to get that line because I'm talking about people much older than us, people who are 70 or 80 and they've got attitudes that don't have the deep peaks and valleys as someone who in adolescence who is faced with some things and they go, "Fuck this, this sucks, how can we have any hope?" These are people who been through the invention of the horseless carriage to the car to the TV set and are dealing with the internet. How do they view it? It's almost with disdain. This is the wisdom they can't give away, that is what I'm talking about and that youth doesn't have that timeline beneath them. So they just see something in front of them and think there's no hope, no getting over it, what's the point and so on. They are also bombarded with information more than ever these days, and negativity and cynicism and I can understand why they would feel that way. But they don't have to. There really are positive actions that can be taken.
Release and reception.
The commercially released single for "Love Boat Captain" was exclusive to Australia, Canada, and Europe. While "Save You" was released as the second single for North America, "Love Boat Captain" was the second single for international markets. In Portugal, the song reached number eight, and in Canada, it peaked at number 16. "Love Boat Captain" also reached the top 30 in Australia and Italy.
Louis Pattison of "NME" called the song "a gorgeous example of Pearl Jam's gnostic expansiveness done right" and stated that it "[ranks] with Pearl Jam's best." Kyle Reiter of "Pitchfork" said, "The devastated lyrics of "Love Boat Captain"...are affecting, but the song itself is a standard rocker, which seems an odd choice to accompany Vedder's poetic remorse."
Music video.
The music video for "Love Boat Captain" was directed by James Frost. The video was filmed at Seattle, Washington's Chop Suey club in September 2002. The video consists of a filmed live performance of the band rather than a conceptual video. It was one of five videos shot at the club to promote "Riot Act" (including "I Am Mine", "Save You", "Thumbing My Way", and "1/2 Full"). Up to that point the band had not made any music videos since 1998's "Do the Evolution". The video was released in late 2002.
Live performances.
"Love Boat Captain" was first performed live at the band's September 23, 2002, concert in Chicago, Illinois at the House of Blues. Live performances of "Love Boat Captain" can be found on the "Love Boat Captain" single, various official bootlegs, and the "Live at the Gorge 05/06" box set. Performances of the song are also included on the DVDs "Live at the Showbox" and "Live at the Garden". The song is also featured during the closing credits of "Immagine in Cornice".
Track listing.
All songs written by Boom Gaspar and Eddie Vedder, except where noted:
CD (Australia and Canada)
'CD (Europe)
CD (Enhanced) (Europe)

</doc>
<doc id="7042041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042041" title="V shape">
V shape



</doc>
<doc id="7042043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042043" title="Olaf the White">
Olaf the White

Olaf the White () was a viking sea-king who lived in the latter half of the 9th century.
Life.
Olaf was born around 820, in Ireland. His father was the Hiberno-Norse warlord Ingjald Helgasson. Some traditional sources portray Olaf as a descendant of Ragnar Lodbrok – for instance, the "Eyrbyggja Saga", claims that Olaf's paternal grandmother (Thora) was a daughter of Ragnar's son Sigurd Snake-in-the-Eye. However, this connection seems unlikely, given that Sigurd appears to have lived in the mid-9th Century and Ragnar himself may have lived until the 860s. Irish fragments provide a different genealogy, suggesting that Olaf's father was Godfred, son of Ragnall, son of Godfred, son of Godfred.
He was named King of Dublin around 853. According to Irish sources, Olaf ruled jointly with his kinsman Ímar. Olaf married Aud the Deep-minded ("Auðr"), daughter of Ketil Flatnose, the ruler of the Hebrides, according to Icelandic traditions ("Landnámabók", "Laxdæla saga"). The Irish sources name Olaf's wife only as the daughter of a "King Aedh".
Olaf and Auðr had a son, Thorstein the Red ("Þorsteinn rauðr"), who attempted to conquer Scotland in the 870s. At some point Olaf had a falling-out with the clan of Ketil and sent Auðr and their son back to her father's house. According to "Landnámabók", Olaf and Þorsteinn Rauðr were both killed in the British Isles.
Thorstein the Red was married to Þuriðr Eyvindardóttir Austmann, and they had several children: Gróa, Álof, Þorgerðr, Þórhildr, Vigdís, Ósk, Ólafr feilan, ancestor of Ari Fróði, author of Landnámabók. The family was related to the Vinland explorers and the Sturlung family.
Identification and historical conjecture.
Olaf may be identical with the Viking warlord Amlaíb Conung, who according to Irish sources was killed in 871/2 by Causantín mac Cináeda, king of Alba. However, both Gwyn Jones and Peter Hunter Blair dispute this identification.
Old Norse sources mention two Olafs belonging to the ninth-century house of Vestfold. The first of these, Olaf the White, because of his connections with Dublin and with Ketil Flatnose, must be identified with Olaf king of Dublin, as described in early Irish and Scottish chronicles. We are also told in the Heimskringla of Olaf Guthfrithsson of Vestfold who on good archaeological evidence can be identified with the king buried in the Gokstad ship. It is possible that there was only one such king, Olaf Guthfrisson of Vestfold, who in his earlier days ruled from Dublin and raided in Scotland and who later in 871 returned to claim his Vestfold kingdom. The Irish Three Fragments of Annals, while not actually proving such a theory, do support the case for regarding Olaf Guthfrithsson of Vestfold as being the same as Olaf the White of Dublin and the Scottish Isles. The Fragments claim that Olaf of Dublin ended his reign there when c. 871 he returned to Norway to support his father Guthfrith in a struggle for a kingdom. This passage, then, would identify Olaf of Dublin, alias Olaf the White of Landnamabok with Olaf Guthfrithsson of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="7042045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042045" title="U shape">
U shape



</doc>
<doc id="7042046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042046" title="Aldo Romano">
Aldo Romano

Aldo Romano (born 16 January 1941) is an Italian jazz drummer. He also founded a rock group in 1971.
Biography.
He was born in Belluno, Italy. Romano moved to France as a child and by the 1950s he was playing guitar and drums professionally in Paris, but he first gained attention when he started working with Don Cherry in 1963. He recorded with Steve Lacy, and would go on to tour with Dexter Gordon among others. In the 1970s, he moved into rock-influenced forms of jazz fusion and, in 1978, made his first album as a leader. In the 1980s, he returned to his earlier style for several albums. Although he has lived most of his life in France, he has retained an affection for Italy and has set up a quartet of Italian jazz musicians. Romano also played a role in starting the career of French pianist, Michel Petrucciani. In 2004 he won the Jazzpar Prize.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Gordon Beck
With Philip Catherine Trio
With Don Cherry
With Paolo Damiani
With Michel Graillier
With Franz Koglmann and Bill Dixon
With Rolf Kühn and Joachim Kühn
With Steve Kuhn, Miroslav Vitous
With Steve Lacy
With Michel Petrucciani
With Enrico Rava
With Louis Sclavis, Henri Texier, and Guy Le Querrec

</doc>
<doc id="7042047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042047" title="U.S. Senate race, 2006">
U.S. Senate race, 2006



</doc>
<doc id="7042050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042050" title="Gator Growl">
Gator Growl

Gator Growl is a student-run pep rally at the University of Florida, founded in 1924. It is produced by Florida Blue Key with artists funded by Student Government Productions, and marks the culmination of Homecoming Week at the university.
Since 2021, the show has been held annually at the Stephen C. O'Connell Center at the University of Florida. Until 2013, it was held at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium, the on-campus football stadium. From 2014 to 2019, the rally was held on Flavet Field. There was no show held in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Gator Growl is credited with inspiring Orange Peel, a similar event held annually at Oklahoma State University, after a group of students, faculty and alumni traveled to Gainesville in 1995 to witness the event.
History.
Gator Growl has been a University of Florida tradition for almost 100 years. Gator Growl has its roots in the tradition of "Dad's Day," a turn-of-the-century tradition in which fathers of the then all-male student body were invited to visit the new campus. In 1916, a pep rally replaced Dad's Day and "Gator Growl" was born., known as "firing up" enthusiasm for the next day's football game. In 1923, the tradition grew as skits, musical performances and guest speakers expanded the rally into a variety show. Students &amp; alumni continued to express their Gator spirit by participating in cheers and enjoying performances by UF's Marching Band, Cheerleaders, and Dazzlers.
Over time, the Gator Growl production grew with the advancement of technology to its current scale. Today, it is a showcase of athletic talent and spirited tradition; a spectacle of fireworks, light displays, live music, and comedy. More than 500 student volunteers work for thousands of hours to coordinate the night of festivities for the University of Florida community. Producers, directors, assistant directors, and staff members are in charge of the production, execution, promotion, and dismantling of the show. These student volunteers earn Gator Growl its beloved nickname, "the world's largest student-run pep rally!"
The majority of the manual labor associated with this major production, however, is provided by University of Florida students who work at the Stephen C. O'Connell Center, the University of Florida's indoor sports arena. The event takes more than a week to physically set up and requires more than 200 student employees to do so. Because Gator Growl is always held the night before a home football game, these students must work all night to remove every trace of the event by the following morning. Like all aspects of Gator Growl, the physical construction is also student-run with primary responsibility falling on the Production Lead—the student technician charged with coordinating and supervising all of the other student employees. The Production Lead and the Head Electrician (also a student) will typically serve as an apprentice to the position the year prior.
As a longstanding tradition at the University of Florida, the event was moved from the Ben Hill Griffin Stadium to Flavet Field in 2014. The venue change also reduces the need for an extensive single-stage setup, thus making the event tremendously more cost-effective.
In its long history, Gator Growl has been recognized by "Good Morning America", Comedy Central, "Entertainment Tonight" and was even featured as an answer on "Jeopardy!".
Content.
The main purpose of the pep rally is to motivate the Florida Gators to victory in their Homecoming football game. The show features performances from the UF Dazzlers, the University of Florida cheerleaders, and The Pride of the Sunshine marching band.
In addition to the cheers, there are performances from guest comedians, musicians, and entertainers who perform for the assembled students and alumni.
A special portion of the show is reserved for celebrity cameo appearances. In the past, cameo appearances have included celebrities such as David Letterman, Katie Couric, "Nature Boy" Ric Flair, Jonah Hill, and B.o.B.
References.
Historical voice of Gator Growl Karl Kaufmann, a 39-year tradition continues with his daughter Kelli Kaufmann https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDzer-WI5ec

</doc>
<doc id="7042051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042051" title="Bride of Boogedy">
Bride of Boogedy

Bride of Boogedy is a 1987 American family film, directed by Oz Scott and written by Michael Janover, which originally aired on ABC on April 12, 1987, as an episode of "The Disney Sunday Movie".
The film tells the continuing story of the Davis family and their encounters with an evil 300-year-old ghost in the fictional New England town of Lucifer Falls. The film is a sequel to "Mr. Boogedy", which aired in 1986. The film is available to stream on Disney+.
Plot.
The movie begins about a year after the events of the first story. The Davis family has fit in very well with the townspeople of Lucifer Falls. *Almost* all of them, except for a grumpy general store owner, Tom Lynch (Eugene Levy) who has a great disdain for Carlton and the growing popularity he's gained among the townspeople. But that is the least of their worries, as their daughter Jennifer, and two younger sons, Corwin and R.E., begin to sense that Mr. Boogedy may return for revenge. Though both parents shrug off the idea, even after getting a warning from a fortune teller Madeleinska (Karen Kondazian).
The two boys share a nightmare in which they find a strange glowing key that leads them to a foggy graveyard. A large statue of Boogedy comes to life and attempts to attack them while the ghost of Jonathan calls to them. They awaken, finding the key (not glowing) in the basement as the two try desperately to convince their parents that Boogedy is back.
The children spend the day wandering around town when they reach a cemetery on the outskirts. The caretaker, Lazarus, shows them to the ominous statue of William Hanover, the real name of Mr. Boogedy.
To put an end to their children's beliefs, Carlton and Eloise use their faux seance both to prove that Boogedy is gone. However, the two unwittingly awake his spirit while Carlton impersonates him after the statue is seen splitting open; which may have been helped when Lynch tried to take out their store's power. Possessed by Mr. Boogedy, Carlton displays very strange and frightening behavior. One night, he takes the key down to the basement, and recovers the magic cloak, which previously vanished in the former encounter with Boogedy. He chases the terrified family through the house, until he laughs the entity out of his body and away from the house, with help from Eloise's visiting brother, Elmer.
At the Lucyfest Carnival, Mr. Boogedy, possessing Lynch, brings the wax horror icons in the Davis's newly acquired storefront to life. He then takes Lynch to the cemetery, where the cloak is placed on his statue, and Boogedy is fully restored again. Returning to the carnival, Boogedy unleashes his powers and destroys the carnival. Seeing Eloise dressed as The Widow Marian, he hypnotizes and summons her to him.
Using a remorseful Lynch's help and Madeleinska's assistance, the group summons the ghost of Jonathan, who reveals how to send Boogedy back to the underworld. The group returns to the cemetery and use the key to open the doorway to the underworld, which summons Boogedy back with Eloise. With Jennifer dressed as a Marian decoy, Carlton grabs Eloise. After Jennifer takes his attention from her mother, the group pulls both to safety and banish Boogedy's spirit using the key. Jonathan's ghost plays one last joke as the group leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="7042066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042066" title="Thomas Webley">
Thomas Webley



</doc>
<doc id="7042070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042070" title="Store in a Cool Place">
Store in a Cool Place

Store in a Cool Place is an album by the New Zealand band Able Tasmans, released in 1995.
Critical reception.
"Trouser Press" wrote that "if you can get past the excess baggage ... the remaining tunes are among the quintet's best, with [Peter] Keen characteristically burying a few of his sharpest emotional daggers amidst some of the more outwardly placid tracks." "Entertainment Weekly" stated: "What could have been derivative is, instead, a glorious sonic whirlwind—one of the most bewitching rock albums of the year." "The Dominion" opined that "a lot of the songs are disappointing and heavy with a circus-like atmosphere."

</doc>
<doc id="7042071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042071" title="The Shivah">
The Shivah

The Shivah is a point-and-click adventure game from 2006, designed and developed by Dave Gilbert with the assistance of others, including voice actors and artists. It is notable in that it features a rabbi as its protagonist and explores themes related to the Jewish faith. In 2013, the game was remastered in an updated version entitled The Shivah: Kosher Edition, which features new graphics and music, and re-recorded voice-overs.
Gameplay.
"The Shivah" is a third person point-and-click adventure game. The player uses the mouse to select objects from the character's surroundings to interact with, as well as other characters with whom to speak. When in dialogue with another character, a portrait of them appears in the corner of the screen. Rather than specifically choosing what their character will say next, the player selects from a number of options along the lines of 'calm response' and 'Rabbinical response', the latter of which always involves responding to a question with another question. There are several points at which the player character can be killed, though in such instances the player is quickly returned to the moment before making the fatal choice. The game also features a scene involving combat that the player must win by making the correct dialogue choices, similar to the insult swordfighting of "The Secret of Monkey Island". There are many tie-ins to "The Blackwell Series", also by Gilbert. Many of the characters and names appeared later in Blackwell games, and in The Kosher Edition the main character of Blackwell series, Rosangela Blackwell, makes a cameo.
Plot.
Greg Costikyan, creator of Manifesto Games, stated that "the basic theme is the nature of morality."
The game takes place in Manhattan, New York City. The playable character is Russell Stone, a hard-hearted Rabbi experiencing a crisis of faith compounded by his synagogue's declining membership and financial woes. The police inform him that a former member of the synagogue, Jack Lauder, has been murdered. The police suspect Stone, as Jack's will left Stone more than $10,000, despite an acrimonious falling out the two had eight years prior when Stone refused to conduct an interfaith marriage between Jack and his wife Raj. Puzzled at being left the money and wanting to clear his name, Stone sets out to investigate Jack's murder himself.
He begins by paying a Shivah visit to Raj, who points him to their family business. In his investigations, Stone learns that Jack had been visiting another synagogue run by Rabbi Amos Zelig, who was willing to conduct the interfaith marriage. In an email intended to be sent to Stone, Jack revealed that time tempered his hatred for Stone and that he desired to reconnect with him. At Zelig's synagogue, Jack met a man named Ethan Goldberg, who he hired as an accountant for his business. Goldberg, who was also murdered recently, discouraged Jack from accepting money from an investor, but due to his business's struggling finances, Jack accepted it anyway, and began making repayments to a man named Joe DeMarco.
Stone uncovers that this investor was Zelig himself. He confronts DeMarco, who admits to committing the murders on Zelig's behalf, revealing the latter's connections to organized crime. Zelig would find struggling business owners, introduce them to DeMarco who was a loanshark associated with the mafia, and would also murder those who failed to pay. After subduing DeMarco, the player can choose whether or not to kill him.
Realizing Stone is on to him, Zelig takes Raj hostage to bait him. Depending on the player's actions in the final confrontation, Zelig and/or Raj may die, and this leads to a variety of different endings.
Development.
The game was originally developed for the Monthly Adventure Game Studio 5th anniversary competition in June 2006, which it won. Gilbert went on to form Wadjet Eye Games through which to publish his games, then improved the game substantially, making it longer, with voice acting, DVD-style commentary and extra puzzles. In September 2006 the game went on sale via the Internet from the Wadjet Eye Games site and from Manifesto Games.
Reception.
The iOS version received "favorable" reviews, while the PC "Kosher Edition" received "average" reviews, according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. "The A.V. Club" gave the original game a B and stated that, ""The Shivah" fits a compelling moral conscience over a tight decision tree, and compared to sillier interactive fiction like ' or ', its rewards are subtler, and more satisfying." "Digital Spy" gave the iOS version four stars out of five, saying that it "was overlooked by most players upon its initial release in 2006, but adventure game fans would be making a huge mistake to let that happen a second time to this wonderfully written murder mystery." However, "The Digital Fix" gave the PC version's "Kosher Edition" seven out of ten, saying that it "turns out to be an extremely short game, completable in between one or two hours, and this includes the time taken to see all three possible endings." Much of the media coverage focused on the unique choice of a Rabbi as the game's protagonist.
In 2006, "The Shivah" won an Adventure Game Studios for "Best Dialogue Writing" and Gilbert won the Lifetime Achievement Award. "The Shivah" came 2nd in Game Tunnel's Sound award for 2006 and 3rd in their Adventure/Quest/Platform Game of the Year awards.

</doc>
<doc id="7042072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042072" title="Body of the sternum">
Body of the sternum



</doc>
<doc id="7042087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042087" title="Yelizaveta Mironova">
Yelizaveta Mironova

Yelizaveta "Liza" Fyodorovna Mironova (; 1924 – 29 September 1943) was a Soviet sniper during the Second World War. She has been alternately credited with either 34, or "more than a hundred" kills.

</doc>
<doc id="7042089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042089" title="Brother Cane">
Brother Cane

Brother Cane is an American rock band that released three albums in the 1990s. Formed in Alabama in 1990 by singer and guitarist Damon Johnson and bassist Glenn Maxey, the line-up was completed by guitarist Roman Glick and drummer Scott Collier. The band's self-titled debut album was released in 1993, and after some line-up changes, this was followed by "Seeds" in 1995, and "Wishpool" in 1998. Brother Cane disbanded thereafter, but reformed in 2005, again in 2011, and became active again from 2022.
History.
Initial mainstream success and disbandment: 1990–1998.
The band's debut album, "Brother Cane", peaked at #14 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers chart, while the lead single, "Got No Shame", peaked at #2 on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock chart on September 18, 1993. Maxey subsequently left the band, and Glick then switched to bass while the band added a new guitarist, David Anderson.
"Seeds" was released on July 4, 1995, and the single "And Fools Shine On" stayed at number 1 on Billboard Rock Charts for six weeks. It was included on the soundtrack for "" in 1995, as well as three other songs, "Hung on a Rope", "20/20 Faith", and "Horses &amp; Needles". 
The band's third album, "Wishpool", was released in March 1998, and featured the single "I Lie in the Bed I Make," which was their second #1 single on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, maintaining that position for four weeks. That same year, a live version of the band's song "Lead My Follow" was featured on a Birmingham, Alabama charitable album titled "Live in the X Lounge". The album was released to benefit United Cerebral Palsy of Greater Birmingham, an organization in the band's hometown.
Brother Cane disbanded after touring for "Wishpool", despite a great deal of radio play and live success, experiencing problems with their record company and issues surrounding record distribution.
Reformations: 2005, 2011–2012, 2022–2023.
In 2005, Brother Cane reunited for two concerts. One of the shows was released as a two-disc set with previously unreleased backstage, offstage, concert footage (a 40-minute show as the opening act for Van Halen in Fresno from '95) and interview content. Brother Cane again reunited for a brief tour in 2012.
In March 2022, Brother Cane announced they would reunite for live shows later in the year. Johnson is rejoined by original bass guitarist Glenn Maxey, along with Buck Johnson (Aerosmith, Hollywood Vampires) on keyboards, Tony Higbee on guitar (Tom Keifer Band), and drummer Jarred Pope from Johnson's solo band. The first show was at the Northern Lights Theater in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on April 22. Further shows in Birmingham, Alabama and Nashville, Tennessee are also planned, with the live set to feature songs from the band's first album, including songs never played live before, plus hits from the later albums. 
The band performed a full tour in 2023 to coincide with the 30th anniversary of the release of the "Brother Cane" album. Johnson stated: "I’m just over the moon about this. Brother Cane fans are some of the most passionate that I've encountered in all of my travels. I'm certainly proud of all these songs, and the guys and I are looking forward to bringing them to the people once again."
Other projects.
Brother Cane frontman Damon Johnson has been involved in numerous projects since the initial demise of the band, including Red Halo, Slave to the System (a band that also features long-time Queensrÿche drummer Scott Rockenfield), and Whiskey Falls. Johnson was touring guitarist for Alice Cooper from 2004 to 2011, at which time he departed Cooper's band to join Thin Lizzy. He has remained with the band since then, and also co-founded Thin Lizzy spin-off band Black Star Riders, with whom he recorded three albums. Johnson also performs with Lynyrd Skynyrd, initially standing in for Gary Rossington, who was recovering from heart surgery.
Glick worked with Johnson in Slave to the System, before joining Jesse James Dupree and Jackyl. Guitarist David Anderson now plays with ARS (Atlanta Rhythm Section) when they tour.
After his departure from Brother Cane, Glenn Maxey moved away from music and worked in industrial electronics for 28 years, before returning to music in 2021 with Bishop Gunn frontman Travis McCready's solo band.

</doc>
<doc id="7042094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042094" title="New Quay (disambiguation)">
New Quay (disambiguation)

New Quay is a seaside town in Ceredigion, Wales.
New Quay and similar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7042102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042102" title="Carlo Bonelli">
Carlo Bonelli

Carlo Bonelli (1612–1676) was an Italian lawyer and diplomat who was appointed a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church in 1664.
Life.
Carlo Bonelli dei marchesi di Cassano was born in 1612, the great-great-grand-nephew of Pope Pius V. He received his doctorate in law from the University of Perugia and was appointed private chamberlain to Pope Urban VIII. His career in the Roman Curia resulted in appointments as governor of several cities of the Papal States, including Rome, then as vice-camerlengo from 15 April 1655 to 18 October 1656, when he was appointed to the titular position of Latin Archbishop of Corinth. Fortified by the title, he was sent as nuncio extraordinary to Philip IV of Spain to establish peace among the Christian princes, 27 October 1656. With the Treaty of the Pyrenees signed in 1659, he remained in Madrid as ordinary nuncio until 1664. When he was recalled to Rome and made cardinal in the consistory of 14 January 1664, with the "titulus" of S. Anastasia, he brought with him the auditor of the papal legation at the court of Madrid, the antiquarian Raffaello Fabretti, who took advantage of Bonelli's leisurely return through the south of France to extend his knowledge of Roman antiquities.
Bonelli died on 27 August 1676. His tomb by Carlo Rainaldi in Santa Maria sopra Minerva, Rome, has not been admired by art historians.

</doc>
<doc id="7042103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042103" title="DRM Plus">
DRM Plus



</doc>
<doc id="7042104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042104" title="Midgard Serpent (Marvel Comics)">
Midgard Serpent (Marvel Comics)

Jormungand, also known as the Midgard Serpent and the World Serpent, is a character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character, based on the serpent Jörmungandr from Norse mythology, first appears in "Marvel Tales" #105 (Feb. 1952), in the period between the Golden Age of Comic Books and the Silver Age of Comic Books.
Publication history.
The Midgard Serpent debuted in "Marvel Tales" #105 (February 1952) and was later tied firmly to Marvel continuity in the Silver Age of Comic Books in "Thor" #127 (April 1966). As in Norse mythology, the Marvel version of the Midgard Serpent is the nemesis of the Thunder God, who has two encounters with the creature – the events based directly on mythology – in "Thor" #272-273 (June–July 1978).
An attempt to cheat the fatal prophecy made regarding a final battle between Thor and the Serpent occurred in "Thor" #274-278 (July–December 1978), although the creature returned in "Thor" #325 (November 1982-January 1983). A "larger than life" battle between Thor and the Serpent was depicted in "Thor" #379-380 (May–June 1987), with writer-artist Walter Simonson using a splash page to depict the creature's size, and then full pages to demonstrate the battle between the pair.
Although killed, the Serpent was resurrected in "Thor" #486-488 (May–July 1995), and featured in "The Avengers" vol. 3 #1 (February 1998) before reappearing in "Thor" vol. 2 #80 (August 2004).
Fictional character biography.
The Midgard Serpent first appears when a scientist draws what he believes to be venom from a statue of the creature, the liquid becoming a deadly solvent.
In the realm of Asgard, the seer Volla makes a prophecy that Thor will battle the Midgard Serpent during Ragnarök after it surfaces from the ocean. He will succeed in killing it, but die from its venom immediately afterwards.
Thor has two encounters with the creature that reflect the Norse myths. The first is a visit to the castle of the Storm Giant Utgard-Loki, who excels in the use of illusions. Challenging Thor to lift his pet "cat", who in reality is the Midgard Serpent, the Storm Giant is terrified when Thor lifts all but one of the cat's feet off the ground. The second encounter occurs when Thor decides to cheat fate and kill the creature. Taking a fishing boat with the giant Hymir, Thor uses the head of an ox on a chain to draw the Midgard Serpent to the surface of the ocean. Although the creature takes the bait, Thor is unable to deliver the killing blow as Hymir cuts the chain.
Being aware of the prophecy regarding his son's death, Asgard's king Odin cheats fate during a false Ragnarok by replacing Thor with a surrogate known as Red Norvell, who, after gaining the power of Thor and his hammer, dies battling the Midgard Serpent. The Midgard Serpent reappears briefly when a group of Odin's enemies feed the Golden Apples of Idunn, intended for the Norse Gods, to the creature, intending to weaken the gods before an attack. It is used as a bridge by Tyr and Loki's army. Thor imprisons the creature and forces it to return the apples.
The character appears on Earth disguised as the monster Fin Fang Foom after some Giants summon him using one of them as bait on a giant fishing rod. After the deception is revealed, the Midgard Serpent battles Thor to the death. He attacks Thor in a park still disguised as Fin Fang Foom, but does not recognize Thor, who is wearing his Asgardian armor. After apologizing and talking to Thor, Fin Fang Foom says if Thor can lift his big toe, he will battle the "super hero" (Thor) away from the city. Thor is able to lift his big toe and rides him away from the city. When he realizes he does not know his foe's name, Thor tells him. The presence of the Midgard Serpent on Earth causes time to stop for everything except the two opponents and other mythic creatures. Although Thor finally kills the creature, Hela curses him with brittle bones. Thor "resurrects" himself by forcing Hela to recreate his body and free him from her curse.
The Midgard Serpent is released from Hel (the Norse land of the dead) by the Asgardian warrior Kurse to use against Thor, who is swallowed by the creature. Together with ally Beta Ray Bill, Thor blasts free of the creature's stomach and kills it a second time.
The Midgard Serpent is apparently resurrected by Morgan le Fay, who summons it to Earth to distract the superhero team the Avengers while she abducts the Scarlet Witch. The Midgard Serpent briefly reappears during Ragnarök.
During the "Secret Wars" storyline, King Loki, an alternate timeline variant of Loki, frees the Midgard Serpent from Hel to attack Asgard.
In "Thor" (vol. 6), Donald Blake kills the Midgard Serpent, steals its power, and combines it with the Odinforce to transform into a Serpent hybrid.
Powers and abilities.
The Midgard Serpent normally exists in an ethereal form around Earth. A huge serpent, the character has immense strength and stamina, can generate both lethal fire and venom, and project powerful illusions. He can cause earthquakes by flexing his coils around Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="7042105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042105" title="The Beast in the Cave">
The Beast in the Cave

"The Beast in the Cave" is a short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft. The first draft was written in the Spring of 1904, with the final draft finished in April 1905, when Lovecraft was age fourteen. 
It was first published in the June 1918 issue of the amateur journalism publication "The Vagrant", this being the equivalent of a well-edited fanzine today. The tale is to be regarded as an example of Lovecraft's juvenilia, and is classed as such in collections of his works.
In the 1930s Lovecraft sometimes sent a copy of the typescript to his promising young correspondents, as an example of what he had produced at their age, and also as a first exercise in re-writing. In this way, he could best judge how much imagination and promise they really had.
Plot.
A man touring the vast Mammoth Cave becomes separated from his guide and becomes lost. His torch expires and he is giving up hope of finding a way out in the pitch dark when he hears strange non-human footsteps approaching him. Thinking it to be a lost mountain lion or another such beast, he picks up some stones and throws them toward the source of the sound. The beast is hit and crumples to the floor. The guide finds the protagonist, and together they examine the fallen creature with the guide's torchlight. The creature mutters in its last breaths and they see its face. They discover a pale, deformed human, who had also become lost in the cave many years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="7042112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042112" title="Modern Rock (album)">
Modern Rock (album)

Modern Rock is the second studio album by New Zealand group The Clean, released in 1994.
Critical reception.
"Trouser Press" called the album "a more grown-up affair that floats off-kilter melodies and tiny tensile guitar in a slower, softer swirl of cloudy organ lines and spacey electric piano textures, with liberal use of strings and folk instruments."

</doc>
<doc id="7042115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042115" title="The Singer">
The Singer

The Singer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7042121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042121" title="Bell of Batoche">
Bell of Batoche

The Bell of Batoche is a silver-plated church bell believed to have been seized in 1885 as spoils of war from the Métis community of Batoche (now in Saskatchewan) by soldiers from Ontario, following their victory in the Battle of Batoche over the North-West Rebellion. The bell was kept in Millbrook, Ontario, until 1991, when it was stolen from the Royal Canadian Legion hall. It resurfaced in 2013 in Métis hands. However, evidence suggesting the bell's actual origin was from Frog Lake emerged soon after.
Questions about its authenticity as the Bell of Batoche ensued until April 2014 when director acknowledged that there was enough evidence to conclude that the "Bell of Batoche" which is in the possession of the museum was actually the Bell of Frog Lake taken from the Frog Lake Mission in 1885.
Installation in Batoche.
The bell was one of twenty identical bells purchased by Bishop Vital-Justin Grandin for the Diocese of St Albert. A bell was purchased in 1884 for the Catholic parish church of in Batoche at the request of Father Julien Moulin. As was customary, the bell was "baptized" by Bishop Vital-Justin Grandin on 2 September 1884 with the name "Marie-Antoinette", and was given the inscription "" (French: "Vital-Justin Grandin, Bishop of St. Albert"). A steeple was added to the church after 1885.
Seizure.
During the North-West Rebellion, the community of Batoche served as the ad hoc capital of the Louis Riel's Provisional Government of Saskatchewan. Following a succession of losses to the Métis and their aboriginal allies at Duck Lake, Fort Pitt, Fish Creek, and Cut Knife, the Canadian Militia serving under British officer Middleton finally succeeded in defeating the Métis resistance at Batoche on May 12, 1885. Louis Riel later turned himself in to the North West Field Force on May 15, 1885.
The bell of Batoche was supposedly taken as a war trophy by two soldiers and sent back to Ontario. Beginning in 1930, the bell hung for several decades in the fire hall of Millbrook, Ontario, the home of several of the soldiers who had taken it. The building was destroyed by fire, and the bell was cracked in the blaze. By 1991, it was kept in the hall of Millbrook branch of the Royal Canadian Legion.
Political controversy.
The Métis of Saskatchewan had attempted a number of times since 1885 to recover the bell. In 1990, they sent another request for its return.
A CBC report covering the reaction of the Millbrook legion members quoted one member as saying, "We got it. You tried to wreck the country and we stopped you... and we've got the bell. It's ours."
In October 1991, Yvon Dumont, president of the Manitoba Métis Federation, visited the Legion hall where the bell was kept, accompanied by several other Manitoba Métis. They were photographed standing in front of the bell.
Theft.
A week later, the bell kept in the Millbrook Legion was stolen in the night. Taken along with the bell were several medals belonging to Sergeant Ed McCorry, a soldier from Millbrook who had been present at the Battle of Batoche. A group of Métis men was responsible for the theft, describing it as a "gentleman's dare".
The whereabouts of the bell from that time forward are not publicly known. Yvon Dumont disclaimed any knowledge of the identity of the burglars, though he later said that "if it's a Métis person that has it, I would consider that person a hero, not a criminal."
Negotiations were begun to secure the official transfer of ownership of the bell to the Métis Nation, and Dumont offered to pay for the damage caused by the break-in. However, the Ontario legion hall initially refused to negotiate until the McCorry medals were returned.
In 2000, Saskatchewan Aboriginal Affairs Minister Jack Hillson issued a statement promising no charges would be laid if the bell was returned. It was hoped this would lead to the bell's return in time for Saskatchewan's millennium celebrations, but it did not appear.
In August 2005, Gabriel Dufault, leader of the , stated, "I've heard it's in Winnipeg. I've heard it's in a garage in the North End... I have a pretty good idea who the people that know more ... are."
In a "Globe and Mail" story from 8 October 2005, Gary Floyd Guiboche, a Manitoba Métis who visited the bell with Dumont in 1991, confessed to stealing the bell. He refused to identify his partner in the theft, who he said "has kept the bell hidden too long for no reason." He said his partner had taken the McCorry medals, in addition to the bell, as "payback".
Reappearance.
On June 20, 2013, it was announced that the bell would be given to the bishop of the diocese of Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, on July 20, 2013. Photos of the bell were also released, including one of its crack being repaired. The bell was publicly displayed on July 20, during the Back to Batoche Days festival. Billyjo Delaronde, one of the Métis men who took the bell from Millbrook in 1991, was present during the unveiling and described his involvement. The bell is now held by the , a Métis organization founded in 1887. The bell was not reinstalled in the Batoche church steeple, but is displayed at Le Musée de Saint-Boniface Museum in Winnipeg.
Questioned authenticity.
An Ontario playwright raised doubts that the bell kept in Millbrook ever was the bell from Batoche. Robert Winslow, whose ancestor was the captain of the Millbrook soldiers, claims to have evidence that the bell had actually been taken from a church in Frog Lake following the Frog Lake Massacre.
Evidence that appears to corroborate the bell's Frog Lake origin was discovered by the CBC in 2014. The Frog Lake bell was misidentified as being from Batoche in a centennial yearbook published by a local historical society in 1967. A series of handwritten certificates and notes indicate that the original Batoche bell was donated in 1937 to another Catholic mission in , about from Batoche. That church burned down in 1990, destroying the bell except its clapper and a few pieces of copper. The church was rebuilt, and the bell's fragments are kept in the new church's shrine in a locked glass case.
The director of Museum was convinced that the bell in their possession is from Frog Lake. He believes its fate is something that will have to be determined by the Frog Lake area's Roman Catholic diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="7042130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042130" title="Lou Doillon">
Lou Doillon

Lou Doillon (born 4 September 1982) is a French-British singer and actress. She is the daughter of French director Jacques Doillon and English actress and singer Jane Birkin.
Doillon started her career as a model during her teenage years and later transitioned into acting and music. In the late 1990s and into the 2000s, she appeared in several French films for which she received recognition for her performances, credits that include "Bad Company" (1999) and "Gigola" (2010).
In addition to her acting career, Doillon has pursued a music career, releasing her debut album "Places" in 2012 to critical acclaim and commercial success. Her music blends elements of folk and indie rock.
Early life and education.
Doillon was born on 4 September 1982 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France. She is the daughter of French writer/director Jacques Doillon and English actress/singer Jane Birkin. She has six brothers and sisters: Kate Barry and Charlotte Gainsbourg on her mother's side, and Lola Doillon, Lili Doillon, Lina Doillon and Lazare Doillon on her father's side. Doillon spent her school years between France and Saint Barthélemy until the age of 15, when she dropped out to become a full-time actress.
Career.
Film and TV.
Doillon started acting at age five, starring in "Kung Fu Master" directed by Agnès Varda. She has since worked with directors including Jean Pierre Améris, Jacques Doillon, Guillaume Canet, Abel Ferrara and Maïwenn.
Modelling.
Doillon started modelling at the age of 16, becoming the ambassador of Givenchy. She has since been the "face" of Vanessa Bruno, Eres, Mango, H&amp;M, Miu Miu, JBrand, Barney's, Gap, Maje and Chloé. She was featured alongside Sophia Loren and Penélope Cruz in the Pirelli Calendar. Doillon has worked with photographers Inez and Vinoodh, Mario Sorrenti, Mario Testino, Terry Richardson, Bruce Webber, Paolo Reversi, Corinne Day, Mert and Marcus, Ryan McGinley and Glen Lunchford. She has collaborated with Lee Cooper and La Redoute as a creative consultant and designer for six collections.
Theatre.
Doillon, alongside director Michel Didym, created a show based on letters written by French authors and singers (Louis-Ferdinand Celine, Marcel Proust and Édith Piaf), and monologues. She toured French-speaking theatres throughout Europe by herself for over two years.
In 2010, Doillon started working with director on Samuel Beckett's one sentence monologue "L'Image" in the National Theatre of Orléans. Alongside dancer Damien Jalet and conceptual musician Meelice, they performed throughout France and in New York for the Crossing the Line Festival. In 2017, for the National Theatre of Rennes, Doillon performed "L'Image" directed by Nauzyciel for a week.
Doillon has also collaborated on various performances (Paroles d'Exil/Musique Interdite with the French National Orchestra, Calamity Jane with singer/ musician John Mitchell and as a reader for many French-literature festivals).
Art.
Doillon has been drawing since she was 10 and has often included her drawings in her other crafts (the vinyl edition of her album in 2016 and most of her merchandise on tour is drawn by her). She has been keeping a drawn and written diary since the age of 12. She works with an extra fine Sailor Pen on Sennelier paper or Moleskine diaries.
In September 2017, Doillon released a book, including 80 ink and pencil drawings alongside diary drawings, with Astier de Villatte. The release was followed by an exhibit of the original drawings at La maison Molière in Paris. She has also, for the brand Astier de Villatte, collaborated on a project of 18 different types of hand-backed ceramic mugs and 15 unique pieces, presented and sold in Tokyo during the launch of the collaboration in November 2017 with creative duo Benoit Astier de Villatte and Ivan Pericoli.
Music.
Doillon's love for music was enkindled by her father: "When my parents split, I discovered with Jacques, his taste for eclectic and a strange form of radicalness in music. He would say: 'sit down, shut up and listen to the music' while playing records from Chet Baker, Billie Holiday, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Patti Smith and Nick Drake." 
She often quotes Bob Dylan and Leonard Cohen, and mentions Lhasa, Lead Belly, Fiona Apple, Cat Power, Nina Simone, Tim Buckley and Bobbie Gentry as her influences.
Doillon recorded with many musicians in New York and Paris during the 2000s before starting a solo career in 2010. Her genre has been described as haunted folk, and her voice has been described as "equal parts Marianne Faithfull, Nina Simone, Anohni and Joanna Newsom." She writes her songs on Canadian Guild guitars (D55) or the piano and performs on an Eko electric guitar.
"Places".
In 2012, Doillon signed her first recording deal for three albums with Barclay (Universal Music France). Her first EP "I.C.U" came out in June and was produced by Étienne Daho and mixed by Philippe Zdar from the band Cassius.
Doillon's first album was recorded in France over a 15 day period in the Studio La Seine with French musicians François Poggio, Marcello Guliani, Alexis Anérilles and Philippe Entressangle. Her debut album "Places" reached number three on the French charts. It also reached number one on Canadian iTunes, number two on French iTunes and was released through Verve in the US and decca in the UK. The artwork for the cover was done by Inez and Vinoodh. Doillon was on the cover of influential magazines "Magic", "Telerama" and "Les Inrockuptibles". The first single, "I.C.U", was followed by a video directed by Antoine Carlier, reconstituting her wanderings through Paris. Then came "Questions and Answers" directed by Gaetan Chataigner while Doillon was on tour and "Devil or Angel" directed by Christophe Acker in Scotland.
In October 2012, Doillon started her first tour at French rock club La Flèche d'Or and played France, Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, Canada and England. This tour also played at Paris's Le Trianon venue. On 8 February 2013, during the Victoires de la musique ceremony (French equivalent of the Grammy's) at the Zenith of Paris, she was awarded Best Female Performer of the Year, competing alongside prestigious artists such as Françoise Hardy and Celine Dion. It was the first time a newcomer English-speaking performer won in that category. Doillon toured for the rest of 2013, including many festivals (Eurockéennes de Belfort, Francofolies de la Rochelle and Osheaga festival).
"Lay Low".
In January 2015, Doillon started recording and co-producing, alongside Timber Timbre frontman Taylor Kirk, her second album in Canada. She recorded in the Montreal mythical studio Hotel2Tango, over a period of a month, with fellow band members of Timber Timbre. She completed the recording between Studio la Seine in Paris and RAK Studios in London. "Lay Low" was mixed by Nick Launey and Adam Greenspan in Los Angeles in April. The album came out on 9 October, preceded by the first single "Where to Start", which was featured in Jean-Marc Vallée's' movie "Demolition" (starring Naomi Watts and Jake Gyllenhaal) soundtrack. Doillon was nominated for best rock album of the year at Les Victoires de la musique. The album received critical acclaim in France, Belgium, England, Canada and the US and was released through Verve in the US and decca in the UK. The front cover for the album is a selfie shot by Doillon in bed, and inner pictures were shot during the recording in Canada by French photographer Zelie Noreda.
In 2016, Doillon started a world tour, performing in the US, Canada, Japan, Australia, Korea, Germany, Poland, England and France. She performed on Jools Holland, alongside Iggy Pop and Graham Nash. As a final touch to her world tour, she performed two sold out concerts in La Flèche D'or, named Kitchen Acoustic and Lou Doillon and Friends (performed with fellow musicians Woodkid and Keren Ann).
Live.
Doillon's band includes François Poggio on the guitar, Nicolas Subrechicot on keys, Pierre Lavandon on bass and Franck M'Bouéké on the drums.
In May 2016, Doillon was chosen by John Cale to perform "Femme Fatale" during his tribute show to the Velvet Underground at the Philharmonie de Paris, alongside Mark Lanegan, Saul Williams, Animal Collective, Étienne Daho and The Libertines.
In 2017, Doillon participated in the homage to Leonard Cohen at the MAC, alongside Jarvis Cocker, Chilly Gonzales and Half Moon Run, producing a cover of "Famous Blue Raincoat".
On 3 October 2017, for the 3 Ring Circus with John Grant and Richard Hawley, Doillon performed three acoustic sets by herself at three different venues. On 6 October 2017, she repeated this performance in Sheffield, with Hawley and James Dean Bradfield.
Other media.
In "Pigalle", Doillon serves as the narrator of an audio walking tour of the Paris neighborhood, "Quartier Pigalle", a work created by Soundwalk.
Personal life.
In 2002, at the age of 19, she gave birth to Marlowe Mitchell, her son with musician Thomas-John Mitchell. Marlowe is named after Christopher Marlowe. She gave birth to another boy on July 26, 2022, named Laszlo Keats Miller Manel, and whose father is the illustrator Stéphane Manel.

</doc>
<doc id="7042137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042137" title="World Para Alpine Skiing World Cup">
World Para Alpine Skiing World Cup

The World Para Alpine Skiing World Cup (previously called the IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup) is an annual circuit of elite disabled alpine skiing competitions, regulated by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) and the International Ski Federation (FIS).
Held at ski areas across Europe, North America, and East Asia, the World Cup consists of timed races in five disciplines: slalom, giant slalom, super G, downhill, and super combined. Medals are awarded to the top three men's and women's finishers in each of the three disability categories: standing, sitting, and visually impaired. After each race, points are awarded to the top 30 skiers in each disability category who finish within a certain percentage of the winning time. 100 points are awarded to the winner, 80 for second place, 60 for third, and so on, down to one point for 30th place. In each disability category, the male and female athlete with the most points at the end of the season wins the overall World Cup title and a large glass trophy, the "crystal globe". Smaller globes are also awarded for athletes with the highest point totals in each of the five disciplines. Additionally, a "Nations Cup" trophy is awarded to the country that accumulates the highest point total.
The World Cup is held every year, and is considered one of the premier competitions in disabled ski racing, along with the Winter Paralympics (held every four years, concurrently with the Winter Olympics) and the World Championships (held every two years since 2009, but irregularly before that). 
Disabled ski racers who aspire one day to compete on the World Cup attempt to qualify on one of the "Continental Cup" circuits: the "Europa Cup" (or "European Cup") in Europe and the "Nor-Am Cup" in North America.
History.
Although disabled ski competitions date to the mid-20th century and the first Winter Paralympics were held in 1976, the Disabled Alpine World Cup is relatively new. An unofficial circuit began in the late 1990s, and the first FIS-sanctioned World Cup race was held in Breckenridge, Colorado, United States in December 1999, with the first World Cup titles awarded in the spring of 2000. In 2004, the administration of the World Cup circuit, and disabled ski racing in general, passed from the FIS to the IPC, although the FIS is still involved in some aspects of the tour. For example, a FIS technical delegate still oversees each race.

</doc>
<doc id="7042146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042146" title="Huyền Trân">
Huyền Trân

Princess Huyền Trân (, Chữ Nôm: 玄珍公主) (1289-1340) was a princess of the Trần Dynasty of Đại Việt, who later married to King Jaya Simhavarman III of Champa and titled queen consort Parameshvari of Champa from 1306 to 1307.
Biography.
She was the daughter of Emperor Trần Nhân Tông and the younger sister of Emperor Trần Anh Tông. There are few details in the historical record about Huyền Trân's life. In 1293, Trần Nhân Tông abdicated in favor of his son, Trần Anh Tông, in order to become a monk in a pagoda on Mount Yên Tử in what is now Quảng Ninh Province.
In 1301, her father, Emperor Trần Nhân Tông, visited the Kingdom of Champa and was given a lavish royal welcome by King Jaya Simhavarman III (Vietnamese: "Chế Mân", 制旻). The visit lasted nine months. When Trần Nhân Tông left Champa for Đại Việt (the name of Vietnam at the time), he promised to give his daughter in marriage, even though the Cham king was already married to a Javanese woman named Tapasi. Jaya Simhavarman III thereafter sent many envoys to Đại Việt to urge the Trần emperor to carry out the marriage plan as Trần Nhân Tông had promised but the Emperor refused. Among the Emperor's men, only General Văn Túc Đạo Tái and Minister Trần Khắc Chung supported the marriage.
In 1306, on orders of Trần Anh Tông, Huyền Trân was married to the Champa king as Queen Parameshvari of Champa, in return for the two provinces of Châu Ô and Châu Lý (or Châu Rí) (today these provinces are Quảng Bình, Quảng Trị, Huế and Danang).
Huyền Trân went to Champa but a year later, in May 1307, Jaya Sinhavarman III died and the crown prince Chế Chí sent an ambassador to Đại Việt to offer white elephants as gifts and announced the death of his king. According to the Hindu- and Cham - Sati tradition, all of the royal wives would be cremated with the dead king. Trần Anh Tông ordered a general named Trần Khắc Chung to go to Champa to officially attend the funeral but the real mission was for Trần Khắc Chung to rescue Huyền Trân and take her back to Đại Việt. Following an extravagant rescue plot, the trip back by boat took a year. Legends had it that Trần Khắc Chung fell in love with Huyền Trân and the two disappeared from sight together but there is no historical proof to back up this story.
Huyền Trân in art.
The adventure and rescue of princess Huyền Trân (well known in Vietnamese literature and history as "Huyền Trân Công Chúa") has become an attractive topic for poems, arts and music in Vietnamese chữ Nôm. Her marriage is also proverbial.
Most cities in Vietnam have named major streets after her.

</doc>
<doc id="7042152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042152" title="Reed mat">
Reed mat

Reed mat may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7042153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042153" title="Unknown Country">
Unknown Country

Unknown Country is an album by New Zealand group The Clean, released in 1996.
Critical reception.
"CMJ" wrote that "it's incredibly easy to be struck by how peculiar this record is, and easier still to forget that The Clean has been doing inventive, experimental, and, well, "strange" things in its music all along."

</doc>
<doc id="7042155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042155" title="KTMQ">
KTMQ

KTMQ (103.3 FM) is an active rock radio station that serves the Temecula Valley and Inland Empire areas. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc.
Station origin.
KTMQ launched in 2000 to simulcast the signal of KGB, and was called KGBB at launch. The KGB signal is very weak in southern Riverside County, from where many San Diego-area workers now commute daily. In 2005, the signal broke off to become a local station.

</doc>
<doc id="7042157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042157" title="T-shaped">
T-shaped



</doc>
<doc id="7042158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042158" title="Banner of the stars">
Banner of the stars



</doc>
<doc id="7042166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042166" title="Mannarasala Temple">
Mannarasala Temple

Mannarasala Sree Nagaraja Temple () in Haripad is a very ancient and internationally known centre of pilgrimage for the devotees of serpent Gods (Nagaraja).
The famous Nagaraja temple "Mannarasala" in Haripad is nestled in a forest glade, like most snake temples. The Mannarasala Temple has over 100,000 images of snakes along the paths and among the trees, and is the largest such temple in Kerala, India. Couples seeking fertility come to worship here, and upon the birth of their child come to hold thanksgiving ceremonies here, often bringing new snake images as offerings. A special turmeric paste which is available at the temple is credited with curative powers.
Location.
The temple is located about 3 kilometers to the north-east of the bus station along NH66 at Haripad, in Alappuzha district of Kerala.
History.
Though the legends related to the origin of a place cannot be deemed as its history, the story on the evolution of Mannarasala as one of the foremost places of worship of the Serpent Gods is associated with Lord Parashurama who is widely believed to be the creator of Kerala. This history of Mannarasala has been mentioned in the 'Mandara Salodyam', a Sanskrit poem written by Mannarasala M.G. Narayanan Namboothiri of the sacred family based on the accounts and legends handed down and old scriptures and books available with the temple.
Legends.
The Reclamation of Kerala.
Lord Parashurama in order to release himself from the sin of killing Kshatriyas approached the holy Rishis. They suggested that he should make a gift of a land of his own to the Brahmins. Parashurama, the son of jamadagni, propitiated Varuna to get some land for himself. He threw into sea the axe which Lord Shiva had given him with his blessings. Thus he reclaimed the land from the sea and gave it as a gift to the Brahmins according to the rites. This land came to be known as Kerala. This piece of land, however was not habitable because of the salinity of the soil and as a result people began to leave the place. Another reason for the Brahmins leaving the land was because Kerala, full of forests, was heavily infested with extremely poisonous snakes. To get protection from the snakes Snake worship was initiated. Bharghavarama was pained at this. He undertook a penance to please Lord Shiva, who advised him that the objective could be realized only if the flaming poison of the serpents was spread into the soil and that the only means of doing that was the worship of Nagaraja. Parashurama set out with his disciples in search of a deserted jungle in order to please Nagaraja. He found a suitable place near the seashore in the southern part of Kerala. Happy and satisfied with having found a proper place for the realization of his cherished dream, the great Rishi constructed a Theerthasthala for the performance of the penance.
Nagaraja makes his appearance.
A pleased Nagaraja, appeared before Parashurama, willing to grant him his desire. According to the poem by Mannarasala M.G.Narayanan Namboothiri, the Nagaraja made his appearance as if :
" The unspeakable splendor of millions of moons! The bright magnificence of emeralds stuck to the hoods. Golden jewels made attractive by miraculous embroidery! Lotus feet worshiped by crowds of Gods! Brilliant beauty of form, full of youthfulness!".
Parasurama prostrated at the lotus feet of Nagaraja and prayed to realize his objective. Nagaraja granted his request with great pleasure. Ferocious serpents arrived at the spot at once to spread the flaming Kalakuda poison. Because of the percolation of poison, the land of Kerala was desalinated, to become habitable with envious greenery.
Parasurama then requested the Lord to bless the land forever with his eternal presence which was also accepted by the kindly-disposed Nagaraja.
Installation.
Parashurama installed, according to Vedic rites, Nagaraja, who is Brahma, Vishnu and Siva in one in the 'Thirthasthala' (Hall of pilgrimage) filled with Mandara trees, the place now known as Mannarasala. (The installed deity here represents Anantha (Vishnuswaroopa) and Vasuki (Siva in spirit). The installations of Sarpayakshi, Nagayakshi and Nagachamundi, the Naga deities, as well as of their associates were conducted in the proper places with the proper rituals. Parashurama performed to the accompaniment of Vedic recitation and singing of Sama, Abhishekam, Alankaram, Neivedyasamarpanam, Neeranjanam, Sarpabali and other rites pleasing to the serpents and thereby made all the serpents happy.
installed Durga and other deities in different places; appointed Brahmins who were Tantric experts for performing poojas; nominated Kshathriyas, peasants and the Ashtavaidyas who were supreme among the physicians; thus he brought Kerala, filled with beautiful vegetation and to prosperity.
After giving important instructions to be followed to preserve the sanctity of the place, Parashurama proceeded to the Mahendra Mountains to continue his austerities.
Vasudeva and Sreedevi.
Many generations passed by. The family fell into the grief of childlessness. Vasudeva and Sreedevi were the sad couple who had to bear that heavy load of sorrow, who resolutely worshiped Nagaraja to allay their grief.
It was about this time that unexpectedly fire broke out in the jungle around the dwelling place of Nagaraja and burnt down the jungle. The serpents were tortured by the flames, forcing them to hide in their pits with great difficulty.
Vasudeva and Sreedevi looked after the serpents, who had their hoods charred, bodies half-burnt, and fainting from time to time, falling down and crawling along. They gently fanned them with fans made of sweet-scented grass and poured ghee mixed with honey and oil on the wounds; cooled their melted bodies with sandalwood ointment; and comforted them. They put them at the foot of banyan trees. They performed purification ceremonies and consecrated the pits; and were put up in special places under the shade of deodar trees and in Chitrakudas.
The couple performed abhisheka with theertha like Panchagavya (a holy mixture of five items from the cow's milk, curd, butter, urine and dung); observed elaborate poojas according to rules with areca nut flower bunches, fragrant flowers and water, incense etc., Nivedyam with melted butter (ghee), milk, payasam with molasses, rice powder, turmeric powder, coconut juice, Kadali fruit, cow's milk, all mixed together in the proper form as Nurum Palum, equivalent to the elixir of life. They offered serpent deities with great devotion, appam, aval (beaten rice or rice wafers), tender coconut etc. They chanted vedic mantras, performed homams and all kinds of poojas to restore those crowds of serpents to full health.
The omnipresent and omnipotent Nagaraja was greatly pleased with their continuous penance and the love shown to his associates; Nagaraja made himself visible to the couple and blessed them that he would incarnate on the earth as their beloved son. He said " I shall assume the form of a serpent and stay here (in Mannarasala) permanently, as long as the sun and the moon are there, showering prosperity on your family and granting protection to all the devotees who come here …".
Thus Mandarasala, the place filled with Mandara trees, the holy spot where the serpents got shelter, where the earth was fully cooled, became Mandarasala.
The boon came true. The Brahmin lady became pregnant and gave birth to five-hooded serpent-child as well as a human child. The two brothers grew up together. Initiation ceremonies and Vedic education were carried out at the proper time in the traditional style. Nagaraja instructed the younger brother to enter into matrimony for the perpetual reservation of the holy family and he obeyed it. When the five-hooded Nagaraja realized that the objectives of his incarnation were realized, he informed the Holy Mother that henceforth he would live at this Illam by entering into Samadhi to bless the devotees. Then he suggested certain inviolable rituals and rules for offering worship and then went into the immaculate cellar and vanished.
(It is believed that even today that five-hooded Nagaraja stays in the cellar doing Tapas for the abound prosperity of his dependents. The members of the household always refer to him with great respect and devotion as "Muthassan" and "Appoppan" (Grand father). The jungle close by is the exclusive preserve for his unobstructed peregrinations (Appoppan Kavu - Grandfathers' Grove).
Mannarasala Ayilyam.
Mannarasala Ayilyam is the main Temple festival here. On the day of Ayilyam asterism in the months of" Kanni and Thulam" (September and October), all the serpentine idols in the grove and the temple are taken in procession to the Brahmin illom, where the offerings of Nurum Palum (rice flour and milk), Kuruthi (a red liquid made of turmeric and lime) and cooked rice are made. The matriarch of Mannarasala Illom carries the idol of the Nagaraja and the procession is conducted with great pomp and rejoicing.
How to reach.
Nearest bus stand: from Haripad KSRTC bus stand
Nearest railway station: Haripad (), Mavelikkara (), Kayamkulam ()
Airport: from Cochin International Airport, from Thiruvananthapuram International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="7042167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042167" title="L-shaped">
L-shaped



</doc>
<doc id="7042170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042170" title="Jules-César Scaliger">
Jules-César Scaliger



</doc>
<doc id="7042173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042173" title="X-shaped">
X-shaped



</doc>
<doc id="7042179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042179" title="Sam Kimber">
Sam Kimber

Samuel Jackson Kimber (October 29, 1852 – November 6, 1925) was an American Major League Baseball player who pitched one full season, for the 1884 Brooklyn Atlantics of the American Association, and one game for the 1885 Providence Grays of the National League.
Although his career was short, Sam did have one shining moment, on October 4, 1884, he pitched baseball's first extra-inning no-hitter. He pitched this game against the Toledo Blue Stockings, a game that lasted ten innings and ended in a scoreless tie, when it was called because of darkness.
Kimber died in his hometown of Philadelphia, he was interred at Westminster Cemetery in Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="7042198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042198" title="Scaligerius">
Scaligerius



</doc>
<doc id="7042201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042201" title="List of political scandals in Chile">
List of political scandals in Chile

This is a list of major political scandals in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="7042204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042204" title="Rubik (town)">
Rubik (town)

Rubik is a town in northern Albania. It lies along national highway SH30. At the 2015 local government reform it became a subdivision of the municipality Mirditë. The population at the 2023 census was 2,550.
The municipal unit consists of the town of Rubik at its center and eleven peripheral villages: Fang, Katund i Vjeter, Bulshizë, Rasfik, Fierzë, Munaz, Rreja e Velës, Livadhëza, Vau Shkjezë, Rrethi i Eperm, Bulgër, and Rreja e Zezë. It holds the site of the Rubik Monastery Church, built in the 12th century AD.
Demographics.
According to 2006 data, 2277 families or 8094 people reside in Rubik Municipality's jurisdiction. Of those 2277 families, about 1070 reside in the central town of Rubik which constitutes about 3736 people. The remaining 53% of the population, or 1207 families with 4358 people, inhabit the eleven villages within Rubik Municipality's administrative area. All the families of Rubik are ethnically Albanian and speak in the Gheg dialect of the Albanian language. 
Culture.
Rubik Monastery Church is the first building in Rubik that a traveler will notice as they drive along the Fan River. Towering over the small community of Rubik, the Franciscan monastery sits a top a white cliff as if observing the daily activities of the city. Originally established in 1166 as one of four Benedictine Conventions in the Mirdita region of present day Albania, the church represents the ascension of Jesus Christ following his 40-day return after Easter. The Benedictines of Rubik later delivered the Church to the Franciscan Order in Albania sometime around the year 1217 due to destruction of many lands and churches by Vandal Turkish Armies. Only five Franciscan conventions survived the Turkish raids of the time: that of Sebaste (Kurbin), Lezhe, Rubik, Mamli, and Bishti i Muzhlit (Durrës), which had more than 40 friars in total. The Franciscans who refused to accept the catastrophes the order had experienced established seven hospices (special housing for sheltering missionaries) the second of which was established in Rubik in the 16th century and was responsible for the populations of Fan, Kthelle, Selite, Lure, and Cidhen.
Throughout the 17th century the Franciscans of Rubik were active in a very large geographical region that incorporated a wide network of missionaries. Complete restoration of the area was carried out in the 19th century through opening of many religious institutions and reorganization of many churches with two main centers: the Franciscan Convention of Trashan in 1882 and the Franciscan Convention of Novitiate, (located in Rubik) in 1898. As centers of theology and philosophy, conventions were at the same time important educational centers where Greek-Roman literature and philosophy were taught. The religious complex, consisting of the Church, parish Cell, Bell Tower, hospices, and College, were built with a unique architecture and graphic artistic presentation (frescoes) that was almost completely destroyed by Communist leadership in 1967 during the dictatorship of Enver Hoxha. In order to dissuade alignment to any other organization other than the Party of Labour, the last Franciscan Father Leon Kabashi was banished and a majority of the Church properties were destroyed including frescoes, the library, archive, relics, and most of the Church and Hospice walls.
Following the fall of communism in Albania and the rise of a Democratic state, national cultural monuments are beginning to experience restoration and protection. The Catholic Church in collaboration with the Albanian government has restored the walls of the Church of Ascension in Rubik and the frescoes are currently being restored in Italy. Although the Church was not restored to its original architectural state, the Municipality of Rubik is currently in the planning process of removing the new walls where original stone reside and restoring the Church to a more historically correct state.
In recent years, many emigres are returning home and have started building hotels and restaurants featuring local tradition and specialties. The village of Katund i Vjeter is slowly becoming an important tourist destination in Rubik, and Mirdite region in general.
Sports.
The city's favorite sport is football. Its main football team is KF Mirdita and is playing in the Albanian Third Division.

</doc>
<doc id="7042209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042209" title="Fresh Horses (album)">
Fresh Horses (album)

Fresh Horses is the sixth studio album by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on November 21, 1995. "Fresh Horses" peaked at number two on the "Billboard" 200 chart, and number one on the Top Country Albums chart.
The album had a worldwide radio ban until it was available to buy. Only the two singles issued ("She's Every Woman" and "The Fever") were allowed to be played before this date, the latter of which was a new country-rock version of a 1993 Aerosmith song. In 2020 it was certified 8× Platinum by the RIAA, signifying 8 million copies shipped in the US, making it his only non-Christmas pre-Chris Gaines studio album to not be certified diamond or higher.
Background.
Brooks commented on the album, saying:
Track listing.
“The Limited Series” (1998) version of the album inserted a cover of Bob Dylan’s “To Make You Feel My Love” between tracks 7 and 8. This cover was originally part of the soundtrack to "Hope Floats".
Charts.
"Fresh Horses" peaked at number two on the US "Billboard" 200, and number one on the Top Country Albums, becoming his sixth Country number-one album. "Fresh Horses" has been 
certified 8× Platinum by the RIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="7042211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042211" title="Suspensory ligaments">
Suspensory ligaments



</doc>
<doc id="7042212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042212" title="Oklahoma State Highway 135">
Oklahoma State Highway 135



</doc>
<doc id="7042218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042218" title="Wanpaoshan Incident">
Wanpaoshan Incident

The was a minor dispute between Chinese and Korean farmers which occurred on 1 July 1931. Through a series of false reports, the issue was highly sensationalized in the Imperial Japanese and Korean press, and used for considerable propaganda effect to increase anti-Chinese sentiment in the Empire of Japan prior to the Japanese invasion of Manchuria.
Background.
Wanpaoshan was a small village some 18 miles north of Changchun, in Manchuria, in a low marshy area alongside the Itung river. A group of ethnic Koreans (who were regarded at the time as subjects of the Japanese Empire) subleased a large tract of land from a local Chinese broker and prepared to irrigate by digging a ditch several kilometers long, extending from the Itung river across a tract of land not included in their lease and occupied by local Chinese farmers.
After a considerable length of the ditch had been dug, the Chinese farmers protested to the Wanpaoshan local authorities, who dispatched police and ordered the Koreans to cease construction at once and leave the area. The Imperial Japanese Consul based at Changchun responded by sending Japanese consular police to protect the Koreans, and both Japanese and Chinese authorities in Changchun agreed to a joint investigation.
Incident.
However, before the joint investigation could be launched, a party of 400 Chinese farmers whose lands were cut by the irrigation ditch, armed with agricultural implements, pikes and handmade guns, drove the Koreans away and filled in much of the ditch. The Japanese consular police took a shooting stance to disperse the mob and to protect the Korean farmers. Both sides stared at each other for about an hour. The Chinese farmers withdrew, and the Japanese police remained on the spot until the Koreans completed the ditch and a dam across the Itung River. Though no Japanese police officer or any Korean were injured, several Chinese farmers were. Several Chinese were captured, but were brought back by Chinese public security officials.
Provoking anti-Chinese protest in Korea.
Far more serious than the minor affair between farmers in Manchuria was the public reaction once either false or highly sensationalized accounts of the conflict were published in Japanese and Korean newspapers. After the incident, Japanese authorities had the "Chosun Ilbo" publish a fabricated report claiming that hundreds of Koreans were killed. A series of anti-Chinese riots erupted throughout Korea, starting at Incheon on July 3. As similar false reports were spread out, riots spread rapidly to other cities on the Korean Peninsula. It was reported that 142 Chinese were killed, 546 wounded, and considerable properties were destroyed. The worst of the rioting occurred in Pyongyang on July 5. The Chinese further denounced Japanese authorities in Korea for not taking adequate steps to protect the lives and property of Chinese residents, and blamed the authorities for allowing inflammatory accounts to be published. The Japanese countered that the riots were a spontaneous outburst that was suppressed as soon as possible and offered compensation for the families of the dead.
Consequences.
Negotiations continued between the Japanese and the Chinese authorities to resolve the situation. The Chinese maintained that the Koreans had no right to reside and lease land outside of Gando District, per the terms of the Gando Convention. The Japanese, on the other hand, insisted that Koreans, as Japanese subjects, had the same rights of residing and leasing land throughout South Manchuria as other Japanese. They also held that the Koreans had undertaken their project in good faith and blamed any irregularities on the Chinese broker who arranged the lease. The Japanese eventually withdrew their consular police from Wanpaoshan, but the Koreans remained.
A complete solution of the Wanpaoshan affair had not been reached by September 1931. 
Propaganda efforts on alleged anti-Korean riots in China continued after the Mukden Incident and the Japanese invasion of Manchuria. According to the "New York Times", it was reported in September in Japan that an anti-Korean attack in Ssupingkai resulted in the deaths of 300 Koreans. In November, a Japanese commander in Changchun claimed that in Jilin, Chinese rioters massacred 10,000 Koreans and burnt or looted Korean houses all over the province.

</doc>
<doc id="7042220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042220" title="Amir Caldeira">
Amir Caldeira

Amir Ordacgi Caldeira (born 1950 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian physicist. He received his bachelor's degree in 1973 from the Pontifícia Universidade Católica do Rio de Janeiro, his M.Sc. degree in 1976 from the same university, and his Ph.D. in 1980 from University of Sussex. His Ph.D. advisor was the Physics Nobel Prize winner Anthony James Leggett. He joined the faculty at Universidade Estadual de Campinas (UNICAMP) in 1980. In 1984 he did post-doctoral work at the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics (KITP) at University of California, Santa Barbara and at the Thomas J. Watson Research Laboratory at IBM. In 1994–1995 he spent a sabbatical at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He is currently a full professor at Universidade Estadual de Campinas. He was the recipient of the Wataghin Prize, from Universidade Estadual de Campinas, for his contributions to theoretical physics in 1986.
Caldeira's research interests are in theoretical condensed matter physics, in particular quantum dissipation and strongly correlated electron systems. His best known work is on the Caldeira–Leggett model, which is one of the first and most important treatments of decoherence in quantum mechanical systems.

</doc>
<doc id="7042227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042227" title="Desak the God Slayer">
Desak the God Slayer



</doc>
<doc id="7042232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042232" title="6.5×50mmSR Arisaka">
6.5×50mmSR Arisaka

The 6.5×50mmSR Arisaka (designated as the (Arisaka) by the C.I.P.) is a semi-rimmed rifle cartridge with a 6.705 mm (.264 in) diameter bullet. It was the standard Japanese military cartridge from 1897 until the late 1930s for service rifles and machine guns when it was gradually replaced by the 7.7×58mm Arisaka.
History.
The 6.5×50mmSR was first introduced as the Type 30 cartridge with a round-nosed bullet, by the Imperial Japanese Army in 1897, for the newly adopted Type 30 Arisaka infantry rifle and carbine. The new rifle and cartridge replaced the 8×52mm Murata round used in the Type 22 Murata rifle. In 1902, the Imperial Japanese Navy also adopted the 6.5×50mmSR for their Type 35 rifles. In 1907, a spitzer round was adopted as the Type 38 cartridge for all subsequent Japanese service small arms in 6.5 mm caliber.
The 6.5 mm Japanese round was later criticized as being under-powered in comparison to other contemporary military cartridges such as the .30-06, .303 British, 7.92×57mm Mauser, and 7.62×54mmR. For this reason, it was gradually replaced by the more powerful 7.7×58 mm cartridge in 1938. Both cartridges were used until the end of the war, which created difficulty in supplying Japanese forces with the appropriate ammunition. Because of the long barrel of the Type 38 rifle, one benefit of the 6.5 mm round was that it produced very little muzzle flash and smoke. Furthermore, the 6.5 mm round with the Type 38 spitzer bullet had a desirable flat trajectory, and effective terminal ballistics with rapid yaw on impact causing severe wounds. Larger caliber military cartridges are also optimal for machine guns to use for long-range firing, and rifles were often only made to chamber them in the interest of logistics. Japan had the 7.7 mm cartridge in use only by machine guns for years before developing a rifle for the round.
Type 95 6.5×30mm.
the Type 95 6.5×30 mm was a shortened version which was proposed for the Experimental 1934 Model 2A submachine gun.
Military ammunition.
The early 6.5×50 mm Type 30 cartridges had a cupronickel, round-nosed bullet weighing fired with approximately of smokeless powder. This was later changed with the adoption of the when Japan, in line with the other great powers around the same time, changed to the pointed, or spitzer, bullet in the first decade of the twentieth century. The Type 38 spitzer round fired a bullet with a powder charge of for a muzzle velocity of around .
The Type 38 spitzer version of the 6.5×50 mm cartridge remained unchanged until after the adoption of the Type 11 light machine gun in 1922. The relatively short barrel (17.5 inches) produced excessive flash with standard ammunition (initially intended for Type 38 rifles with barrels more than a foot longer). By combining nitrocellulose with nitroglycerine, a new propellant for the cartridge was introduced to reduce the muzzle flash and visible powder signature. The powder burned much more completely in a shorter barrel and produced much less flash as a result. The new round was marked by a circled "G" on the ammunition cartons for the Type 11 light machine gun.
This special ammunition was also issued to soldiers carrying the Type 96 light machine gun introduced in 1936, and to snipers issued the Type 97 sniper rifle, introduced in 1937. The advantage of the new ammunition to the sniper was that it aided in his concealment as the ammunition produced less muzzle flash than standard rounds and thus did not give away the sniper's position.
The 6.5 mm gallery ammunition was also produced for the Japanese military which incorporated a paper or wood bullet. These were either all brass rounds or, more commonly, red-varnished wood with a metal base and rim. Ammunition used in the spigot-type Japanese grenade launchers often has paper bullets and can be identified by the staked primers. An armour-piercing bullet was later developed and introduced in 1932 which was designated as the Type 92 armour-piercing ball.
Other military use.
Chinese usage.
During the Second Sino-Japanese War, Chinese forces managed to capture large quantities of Type 38 rifles and Type 11 light machine guns. China's chronic lack of weaponry forced them to use these captured weapons en masse during the war. After the war, both nationalist and communist forces continued to use them in the civil war that followed. Some Chinese units were still using these weapons during the Korean War.
Russian usage.
After observing the effectiveness of the Type 30 6.5×50mm round used against them during the Russo-Japanese War of 1904–1905, leading Russian arms designers chambered early Russian semi-automatic rifle designs for the Japanese round. Since the standard Russian military rifle cartridge of the time, the 7.62×54mmR rimmed round, was too powerful and generated excessive recoil in an automatic weapon, a 6.5 mm round was seen as more appropriate. Early designs by Vladimir Fedorov utilized 6.5×50 mm, including the Fedorov Avtomat rifle which was issued to troops, though in small numbers. Later, Russian troops on the Armenian front were issued with Type 38 carbines by the tsar's government. Russians also tended to modify the Type 38's magazine latch, as it was found that gloved hands would sometimes inadvertently nudge the magazine release and dump the ammunition.
British usage.
In 1914, approximately 150,000 Arisaka Type 30 and Type 38 rifles and carbines were sold to British forces and were given the designations Pattern 1900 (for the Type 30) and Pattern 1907 (for the Type 38) for training purposes. In the latter part of 1915, Type 30s had been issued to four regiments and Type 38s had been issued to eight regiments. Approximately 50,000 Arisakas were issued to the Royal Navy to replace the Lee-Enfields requisitioned by the Army in late 1914. The 6.5×50mm round was subsequently produced in Britain by the Kynoch company and was officially adopted for British service as the caliber Mk II in 1917. The Arab armies, organized by British captain T. E. Lawrence, to fight against the Ottoman Empire during World War I, were armed with a portion of the 500,000 rifles purchased from Japan from 1914 to 1916, and many were the obsolete Type 30 rifles which had seen heavy service during the Russo-Japanese War in 1904–1905. In all, the 6.5×50 mm Japanese semi-rimmed round has been used in either Japanese or domestically designed weapons by Japan, Russia, the United Kingdom, China, North Korea, South Korea, Thailand, Finland and Indonesia. Many of the British naval Arisakas were given to the White Russians.
The 6.5 mm Arisaka rifles were used mainly by the British for training, homeland defense, and by naval units. In 1916, the rifles were shipped to Russia and none were left by the end of World War I.
Finnish usage.
The Russians, having acquired 600,000 Type 30 and Type 38 rifles by direct purchase from Japan during World War I or by capture during the Russo-Japanese War, warehoused some of these rifles in Finland. During the Russian Revolution, many Finns seized the chance for independence and took Arisakas from Russian arsenals. They were used mainly by Finnish cavalry and, after Finland's independence, experiments were taken to upgrade the Type 38s to 7.92×57mm Mauser. With parts and ammunition drying up, Finland relegated the Arisaka to the reserves and the merchant marines before trading a large number of them off to Estonia. Finnish-issued Arisakas have district numbers and an "S" branded on the stock.
Today.
As Arisaka rifles have increased in popularity with collectors, modern manufacture has resumed. The cartridge is available for retail in Europe and North America, and is manufactured by Norma of Sweden, and Precision Cartridge Inc. Brass cases are also manufactured and sold by Prvi Partizan (PPU) for purposes of hand loading (PPU brass headstamped as "6.5x51R"). Reloadable boxer-primed cases are sometimes produced by reforming .220 Swift brass. Bullets are .264 caliber. It is also known as 6.5 Jap in the United States.
Other 6.5 mm firearms.
Other 6.5×50mm long-arms used by Japan included a few Type 13 Mukden Arsenal Mauser rifles produced at the Hoten Arsenal in Manchuria (Manchukuo). These rifles were built on Danish Nielsen &amp; Winther machinery originally for the Manchurian warlord Zhang Zuolin beginning in 1924. When Japan took over the arsenal after the Manchurian Incident of 1931, the Type 13 rifle continued to be produced in 7.92×57mm Mauser caliber, however, an unknown number were also produced in 6.5×50mm. The Type I rifles built by Italy for Japan under the terms of the Anti-Comintern pact from 1939 to 1943 are in standard 6.5×50mm Jap. Though Italian in origin, they do not safely fire the longer, but outwardly similar, 6.5×52mm Carcano round. An unknown number of Dutch M1895 Mannlicher rifles and carbines captured by Japanese forces during the seizure of the Dutch East Indies in 1942 were converted to 6.5×50mm from the 6.5×53mm Dutch rimmed chambering.

</doc>
<doc id="7042247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042247" title="Suspensory ligament of the breast">
Suspensory ligament of the breast



</doc>
<doc id="7042249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042249" title="Habib Bank Limited (Pakistan)">
Habib Bank Limited (Pakistan)



</doc>
<doc id="7042252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042252" title="Scorpion scandal">
Scorpion scandal

The "Scorpion" scandal (1809) was a smuggling, criminal and political scandal that caused the downfall of the Spanish Royal Governor of Chile, and hastened the Independence movement in that country.
Background.
During the entire colonial period, Spain maintained a very strict monopoly on international commerce with its American Empire. In 1808, the British whaling ship "Scorpion", under the command of Captain Tristan Bunker, arrived at the Chilean coast with the stated purpose of whaling. The real purpose of the trip was to smuggle into the colony a very valuable consignment of British cloth that the ship was carrying in its hull. To this purpose, Captain Bunker contacted Henry Faulkner, an American medical doctor then living in the city of Quillota.
The "Scorpion" was just one of many ships trading contraband English fabrics on the Pacific coast. In 1807 the British Government, at the urging of the parliamentarian William Jacob, had modified the monopoly of the South Sea Company so that vessels were permitted to enter the Pacific Ocean via Cape Horn. This incentive had been created as part of Britain's goal of challenging Spain's dominance of Central and South America. The short but failed invasion of the Rio de Plata in 1806-1807 had encouraged this approach.
Captain Bunker, though commanding a British merchant sailing ship, was a North American, born and raised on Nantucket Island, Massachusetts. Many Nantucket whaling families had relocated to Britain in the 1790s at the urging of the English government and William Rotch to establish a whale oil industry. Pacific Ocean whaling was then known as the Southern Fishery.
Faulkner and Bunker reached an agreement, and the captain was to deliver the goods at the Topocalma Hacienda that was owned by one José Fuenzalida. The agreed price was 80,000 pesos of the time, a small fortune. Don Francisco Antonio de la Carrera, Royal Delegate of Colchagua, with jurisdiction over Topocalma, got wind of the scheme and decided to intervene.
Fuenzalida, De la Carrera and Faulkner conspired together and decided to hijack the cargo. To achieve their plans they needed enough force to strongarm Captain Bunker and his crew. To that purpose, they contacted Royal Governor Francisco Antonio García Carrasco. The Governor and his secretary, Juan Martínez de Rozas, agreed to provide a squadron of "Dragones" (police) in exchange for 85% of the profits, and of course without notification to the Royal Customs Office.
On September 25, 1808, at Topocalma Bay, three conspirators (the butler of the Marquis of Larraín, the representative of De la Carrera and Dr. Faulkner) boarded the "Scorpion" to finalize the deal. The payment was to be made in copper ingots. While the representatives held their talks with the captain, the copper was loaded by "Dragones" disguised as porters.
After the copper was loaded, the captain and eight of his sailors were invited to a banquet on shore, at the hacienda houses. During the meal, after a prearranged signal, Captain Bunker and his sailors were shot and murdered. Then the "Dragones" boarded and proceeded to take over the frigate and its cargo.
Aftermath and importance.
The facts came to light very quickly afterwards, and caused a very violent reaction. The populace tried to lynch all the participants, who were miraculously saved by being arrested and put under permanent armed guard. In Santiago all the anger was directed against Governor García Carrasco and his secretary Martínez de Rozas; both men in a very short time accumulated a large number of legal suits against them, while public riots erupted. Martínez de Rozas had to resign and hide in Concepción. 
The subsequent investigation destroyed what little authority the governor had left, and less than a year later required his surrender of the post to Mateo de Toro Zambrano, giving way to the first Chilean attempt at self-government.
The events that the "Scorpion" participated in took many decades to resolve. The English firm of Hullett successfully sued the King of Spain for financial losses. The case was finally resolved in the Privy Council in the 1830s.

</doc>
<doc id="7042254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042254" title="Suspensory ligaments of the breast">
Suspensory ligaments of the breast



</doc>
<doc id="7042261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042261" title="Shindo yoshinryu">
Shindo yoshinryu



</doc>
<doc id="7042262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042262" title="Suneo">
Suneo



</doc>
<doc id="7042268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042268" title="Asteroid 134340">
Asteroid 134340



</doc>
<doc id="7042281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042281" title="Jessica Zafra">
Jessica Zafra

Jessica Zafra (; born 1965) is a fiction writer, columnist, editor, publisher, and former television and radio show host. She is known for her sharp and witty writing style. Her work often are about current events (both Philippine and international), tennis, movies, music, cats, books, technology, and her personal life. Her work has been the subject of academic study. The main ingredient to her work is often fun cynicism and irony.
Biography.
Zafra attended Saint Theresa's College of Quezon City, Quezon City, from prep school until the 6th Grade, after which she went to the main campus of the Philippine Science High School and then to the University of the Philippines where she majored in comparative literature.
Her most popular books are the "Twisted" series, a collection of her essays as a columnist for the newspaper "Today" (now "Manila Standard Today"), as well as from her time as editor and publisher of the magazine "Flip". She currently writes a weekly column for InterAksyon.com, the online news portal of TV5. She resides in Metro Manila, Philippines, where she is working on her first novel. She also managed the Eraserheads during the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="7042285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042285" title="Subbaraju">
Subbaraju

Penmetsa Subbaraju is an Indian actor who predominantly works in Telugu cinema, as well as Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi cinema. Subbaraju has played a variety of roles, from negative to supporting characters.
Early life.
Subbaraju was born in Bhimavaram, to Penmatsa Ramakrishnam Raju and Vijayalakshmi. Subbaraju did his education at D. N. R. College, Bhimavaram. He did his bachelor's degree in Mathematics before doing a computer course and joining Dell Computers, Hyderabad.
Career.
His most notable works include "Amma Nanna O' Tamil Ammayi", "Arya," "Pokiri, Leader, Bbuddah... Hoga Terra Baap, Businessman, Mirchi, , Temper, , Geetha Govindam, and Majili". Subbaraju is immensely popular in Japan for his role as Kumara Varma in the 2017 epic action film, "".
Personal life.
Subbaraju is known to keep his personal life private. On 26 November 2024, Subbaraju shared via Instagram that he had tied the knot to Dr. Sravanthi Tapal in Florida, United States. Sravanthi is a dentist by profession.

</doc>
<doc id="7042290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042290" title="First rib">
First rib



</doc>
<doc id="7042299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042299" title="Cathedral of Helsinki">
Cathedral of Helsinki



</doc>
<doc id="7042304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042304" title="Jessica zafra">
Jessica zafra



</doc>
<doc id="7042309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042309" title="Shizuka">
Shizuka

 is a unisex Japanese given name.

</doc>
<doc id="7042312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042312" title="Frankie Vallie">
Frankie Vallie



</doc>
<doc id="7042314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042314" title="Heavenly Pop Hits – The Best of The Chills">
Heavenly Pop Hits – The Best of The Chills

Heavenly Pop Hits – The Best of The Chills is a greatest hits album by New Zealand group The Chills, released in 1994.
Track listing.
All songs written by Martin Phillipps.
"Ice Picks" (limited edition bonus disc)

</doc>
<doc id="7042317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042317" title="Love's Labour Lost in Space">
Love's Labour Lost in Space



</doc>
<doc id="7042328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042328" title="Roger McGunn">
Roger McGunn



</doc>
<doc id="7042329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042329" title="Rodger McGunn">
Rodger McGunn



</doc>
<doc id="7042330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042330" title="Rodger McGuinn">
Rodger McGuinn



</doc>
<doc id="7042336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042336" title="Toyopet">
Toyopet



</doc>
<doc id="7042349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042349" title="Pete Richert">
Pete Richert

Peter Gerard Richert (born October 29, 1939) is an American former professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball as a left-handed pitcher with the Los Angeles Dodgers (1962–64, 1972–73), Washington Senators (1965–67), Baltimore Orioles (1967–71), St. Louis Cardinals (1974) and Philadelphia Phillies (1974).
Early life.
Richert was born on October 29, 1939, in Floral Park, New York. He attended Sewanhaka High School, which he led as a senior to the Long Island baseball championship. As a high school pitcher, at only 5 ft 7 in and 145 pounds, he was not heavily scouted, but he was scouted and signed by the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1957. (By the time he played major league baseball, he was listed as 5 ft 11 in and 165 pounds.) A native Long Islander, Richert thought he would be playing close to home, but found out shortly after signing that the Dodgers would be moving to Los Angeles the following year, being the last person ever signed by the Brooklyn Dodgers.
Baseball career.
Minor league.
In 1958, Richert was assigned to the Reno Silver Fox of the Class C California League, starting 27 of the 31 games in which he played. He played all or part of the following six years in the Dodgers' minor league system, as a starting pitcher for the most part. In 1959, he set the Class B Illinois-Indiana-Iowa League record with 18 strikeouts in a playoff game, playing for the Green Bay Blue Jays. In Green Bay, he struck out 173 batters in 156 innings. 
1960 was his best minor league year, playing for the Double-A Atlanta Crackers of the Southern Association, with a 19–9 win-loss record, 2.76 earned run average (ERA), 251 strikeouts in 225 innings, 18 complete games and six shutouts. He had a stretch of striking out at least one batter in 23 straight innings. He was the league's Rookie of the Year, and was named to a Double-A baseball All-Star Team. Richert came under the tutelage of player-manager Rube Walker in Atlanta, who greatly developed Richert's pitching skills in preparing him to pitch in the major leagues. 
Richert spent all of 1961 with the Triple-A Spokane Indians, where an aging former Dodger pitching star Don Newcombe took Richert under his wing, and taught Richert how to better control his pitches. In the following three years, Richert split time playing Triple-A baseball for the Omaha Dodgers and Spokane, and on the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Major league.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
Richert began 1962 with the Dodgers. In his Major League debut on April 12, , against the Cincinnati Reds at Dodger Stadium, Richert set a record by striking out the first six batters he faced. "He entered the game with two outs in the top of the second inning with his Dodgers trailing 4–0, and struck out Vada Pinson for the final out. Richert then recorded a four-strikeout third inning in which his victims were Frank Robinson (his future Baltimore Orioles teammate), Gordy Coleman (who reached first base on a passed ball by John Roseboro), Wally Post and Johnny Edwards; his record-tying sixth strikeout was of Tommy Harper leading off the fourth." As of 2010, Richert remains the only pitcher to record a four-strikeout inning in his Major League debut. 
He also set a Major League record by retiring 12 consecutive batters, the most by a pitcher making his MLB debut as a reliever. Max Scherzer broke this record in by retiring 13 consecutive batters. Richert won the game in 3 innings of relief, giving up no hits or walks and striking out seven.
That year, he went 5–4 as a spot starter in a rotation led by the future Hall-of-Fame duo of Don Drysdale and Sandy Koufax. In , he went 5–3 on a Dodgers team which won the World Series. Richert did not pitch in the Series, in which the Dodgers swept the New York Yankees.
Washington Senators.
After the season, Richert, Frank Howard, Ken McMullen, Dick Nen and Phil Ortega were traded to the Washington Senators for pitcher Claude Osteen, infielder John Kennedy and $100,000 cash. Richert's two full seasons with the Senators, and , were the two best seasons of his career as a starter. In the former he won a career-high 15 games with a 2.60 earned run average, also a career high. In the latter, Richert went 14–14 with a 3.37 ERA and set a career-high with 195 strikeouts. He struck out seven consecutive batters in an April 24 game against the Detroit Tigers in the latter year, a record at the time, but still lost, 4–0.
Richert was also an All-Star during both seasons. In the 1965 All-Star Game, he pitched two scoreless innings, and struck out Willie Mays and Willie Stargell. He was the losing pitcher in the 1966 game, giving up a single to former Dodgers teammate Maury Wills, which scored Tim McCarver for the winning run in the 10th inning.
Baltimore Orioles.
After going 2–6 to start the season, Richert was acquired by the Baltimore Orioles in a deal sending Mike Epstein and Frank Bertaina to Washington. Richert went 7–10 with the Orioles in his final season as a starter.
Orioles manager Hank Bauer, who originally had been impressed by Richert's success against the Orioles while playing for the Senators, believed Richert would be more successful as a relief pitcher, for both Richert and the team. In he went 6–3 with a 3.47 earned run average in his first season as a relief pitcher. Richert would go on to pitch in relief for Orioles teams that played in three consecutive World Series from to .
In 1969, he went 7–4 with 12 saves and a 2.20 ERA, appearing in 44 games as a reliever. The Orioles lost the World Series in surprising fashion to the New York Mets, and Richert was involved in a controversial play which ended Game 4. In the bottom of the 10th, with the game tied at 1–1, J. C. Martin laid down a bunt and was hit by Richert's throw; the error allowed Rod Gaspar to score the winning run from second. Television replays later showed Martin was running inside the baseline, which could have resulted in him being called out for interference.
In , Richert went 7–2 with 13 saves and a 1.98 ERA, appearing in 50 games as a reliever. Richert believed it was his best year, with two different streaks of 8.2 consecutive hitless innings in relief. He was a member of the championship team that year, the Orioles defeating the Cincinnati Reds in five games. Richert saved Game 1 of that Series in relief of Jim Palmer. In 1971, Richert pitched his fewest games during the Orioles' three-year Word Series run (35), his ERA rose to 3.47 and he only had four saves.
Dodgers, Cardinals, and Phillies.
Richert returned to the Dodgers upon being traded, along with Frank Robinson, from the Orioles for Doyle Alexander, Bob O'Brien, Sergio Robles and Royle Stillman at the Winter Meetings on December 2, 1971. In 1972, he pitched in 37 games for the Dodgers with a 2.25 ERA and six saves, and in 1973, he pitched in 39 games for them, with a 3.18 ERA and seven saves. After the season, he was dealt from the Dodgers to the Cardinals for Tommie Agee at the Winter Meetings on December 5, 1973. In 13 games for the Cardinals in 1974, he had a 2.38 ERA, but the Cardinals sold his rights to the Philadelphia Phillies on June 21st of that year. In what would be his final season, he pitched in 21 games for the Phillies with a 2.21 ERA. After pitching in a September game, he learned he had a blood clot in his shoulder that required surgery, that ultimately involved moving a vein in his body, and necessitated his retirement.
During a 13-year baseball career, Richert compiled 80 wins, 925 strikeouts in 1165.2 innings, and a 3.19 earned run average. As of 2024, he ranks 177th all-time in strikeouts per nine innings.
Coaching and executive.
After retiring, Richert worked as a pitching coach and assistant general manager in the minor leagues for teams in the Pacific Coast League and California League. He originally became a minor league pitching coach through the recommendation of former Orioles teammate Merv Rettenmund, and did that for 14 years, 12 with the Oakland Athletics' farm system.
Post-baseball life.
After retiring, he worked at various jobs, including work in Palm Springs for the Winston Tire Company. 
Richert created Athletes for Youth, an organization speaking to youth about the dangers of drug use, and also provided visitors to methadone treatment centers to speak with addicts.
He and his wife, Adele, have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="7042350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042350" title="Head of rib">
Head of rib



</doc>
<doc id="7042352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042352" title="Baritone saxophonist">
Baritone saxophonist



</doc>
<doc id="7042353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042353" title="Neck of rib">
Neck of rib



</doc>
<doc id="7042354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042354" title="Last Live in Blue Note Tokyo">
Last Live in Blue Note Tokyo

Last Live in Blue Note Tokyo is the ninth recording released by the New York–based Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin. Not to be confused with the 1997 Toshiko Akiyoshi Trio release, "Live at Blue Note Tokyo '97".
Track listing.
All songs orchestrated by Toshiko Akiyoshi. All songs composed by Akiyoshi except "Unrequited Love" (Tabackin). 
Personnel.
Special Guest 

</doc>
<doc id="7042355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042355" title="Ethnic composition of Central Lithuania">
Ethnic composition of Central Lithuania



</doc>
<doc id="7042369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042369" title="Rene Hardy">
Rene Hardy



</doc>
<doc id="7042389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042389" title="Number Portability">
Number Portability



</doc>
<doc id="7042396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042396" title="The Best of Crosby &amp; Nash">
The Best of Crosby &amp; Nash

The Best of Crosby &amp; Nash is a compilation album by Crosby &amp; Nash released in 1978. It features tracks from the artists' solo albums as well as by the duo, although does not contain their biggest hit as a pair, "Immigration Man". Their final album on ABC Records, it is out of print, superseded in 2002 by for ABC released on compact disc. 

</doc>
<doc id="7042397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042397" title="Edward Goldberg (Drawn Together)">
Edward Goldberg (Drawn Together)



</doc>
<doc id="7042398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042398" title="Amplifier (Dance Exponents album)">
Amplifier (Dance Exponents album)

Amplifier is the third studio album by the New Zealand band Dance Exponents (later known as The Exponents), released in November 1986. The album peaked at #18 and spent four weeks on the New Zealand Album Chart. The CD version was released in 1992 with an alternative cover and two additional tracks but has since been deleted. In May 2013, Universal Music re-released the album digitally for the first time in New Zealand in a remastered extended edition. The extended edition has the original LP cover and running order and adds three additional tracks, two from the CD release and one additional B-side. It also restores "Worldwide Wireless" to its full length after it was edited for the CD release.
Track listing.
Additional tracks on 2013 digital extended edition:

</doc>
<doc id="7042407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042407" title="Microsoft Windows XP Professional x64 Edition">
Microsoft Windows XP Professional x64 Edition



</doc>
<doc id="7042410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042410" title="Arthur Moulton">
Arthur Moulton

Arthur Wheelock Moulton (May 3, 1873 – August 18, 1962) was an American Episcopal bishop, born at Worcester, Massachusetts. He graduated from Hobart College, where he was a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity, then attended the Episcopal General Theological Seminary, and the Episcopal Theological School. He was ordained a priest in the Protestant Episcopal Church in 1901. From 1900 to 1918, he was curate and rector of Grace Church, Lawrence, Massachusetts. He was awarded an honorary A.M. degree by Hobart College in 1909
He served in World War I as a chaplain in the field artillery and at a base hospital in France. On April 29, 1920, he was consecrated bishop of Utah, where he served until his retirement in 1946. He wrote "Memoir of Augustine H. Amory" (1909) and "It Comes to Pass" (1916). He died in Salt Lake City, Utah in 1962.
Work for world peace.
In retirement from 1946 on Moulton campaigned for world peace. He lent his name to communist groups, but in 1951, he turned down the $25,000 Stalin Peace Prize by reportedly saying that "The only reward I want in working for peace is peace".

</doc>
<doc id="7042411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042411" title="James Purcell of Loughmoe">
James Purcell of Loughmoe



</doc>
<doc id="7042416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042416" title="Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition">
Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition



</doc>
<doc id="7042419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042419" title="The Jew Producer">
The Jew Producer



</doc>
<doc id="7042421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042421" title="Oklahoma State Highway 165">
Oklahoma State Highway 165

State Highway 165 (SH-165) is a state highway in Muskogee County, Oklahoma. It runs east along Peak Boulevard in the southern part of Muskogee from US-64 to the northern terminus of the southern section of the Muskogee Turnpike, then runs north as a freeway connecting the two sections of the turnpike. The total length of the highway is .
The freeway connecting the two halves of the Muskogee Turnpike was first numbered as SH-165 in 1969. The east–west portion of highway along Peak Boulevard was built and numbered as SH-165 by 1987.
Route description.
SH-165 begins at an interchange on Peak Boulevard on the south side of Muskogee. To the west of this interchange, Peak Boulevard carries US-64; that highway exits from Peak at the interchange and proceeds south towards Warner. This interchange is also the eastern terminus of US-64 Business, which continues to the north towards downtown Muskogee. From the interchange, SH-165 follows Peak Boulevard to the east as an expressway, crossing Coody Creek before turning to the east-northeast. As the highway crosses York Street, it exits the Muskogee city limits.
SH-165 then has a partial interchange with the Muskogee Turnpike; the turnpike is only accessible from southbound SH-165. The Muskogee Turnpike consists of two disconnected sections of toll road with an untolled freeway segment in between; northbound SH-165 traffic merges with the northbound lanes of the turnpike to form this freeway. Shortly after this interchange, the highway re-enters Muskogee. The SH-165 freeway serves the east side of Muskogee, with interchanges with city arterials such as Chandler Road, Hancock Street, and Gibson Street. The highway also includes a full cloverleaf interchange with US-62. SH-165 continues north of US-62 for to its final interchange with Hyde Park Road near the Port of Muskogee. At this interchange, SH-165 ends; northbound traffic defaults onto the northbound Muskogee Turnpike towards Tulsa.
History.
The freeway between the two sections of the Muskogee Turnpike that would later become SH-165 first appears on the official Oklahoma state map in 1969. The Muskogee inset of that map shows the freeway, unnumbered, and the southern SH-165–turnpike interchange in place, but with ramp stubs, as the SH-165 portion of Peak Boulevard had yet to be built. The following year's map shows SH-165 in place along the connector freeway. By 1975, the Peak Boulevard portion of SH-165 was under construction. The highway was complete and in its present-day configuration by 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="7042426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042426" title="Lytle Creek, California">
Lytle Creek, California

Lytle Creek is a census-designated place in the San Gabriel Mountains, within San Bernardino County.
It is about northwest of downtown San Bernardino and 10 miles (16 km) from the cities of Fontana and Rialto. This small remote community is located in a large southeast-trending canyon on the eastern portion of the San Gabriel
Mountains completely within the boundaries of the San Bernardino National Forest. The population was 725 at the 2020 census.
The ZIP Code for Lytle Creek is 92358 and the community is inside area code 909.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 6.0 square miles (15.6 km), all of it land.
Climate.
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Lytle Creek has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csa" on climate maps.
History.
A group of Mormons arrived in the valley in 1851, making camp at the mouth of a canyon with a creek, which flowed
briskly southeast through the canyon to the valley and the Santa Ana River. Overjoyed with the abundance of
water, the dense growth of willows, cottonwoods and sycamores and the mustard and wild oats that grew on
the hillsides, the settlers of San Bernardino named the stream "Lytle Creek" after their leader, Captain Andrew Lytle. Lytle
Creek Canyon has been a site for gold mining, farming and recreation activities such as fishing, camping,
picnicking, and hiking. It has been considered a recreational area since the early 1870s.
Public schools.
All middle school and high school students in Lytle Creek travel down to Rialto to attend schools in
Rialto Unified School District
Elementary students attend Kordyak Elementary school in Rialto.
Local Newspaper.
Lytle Creek has its own newspaper "The Canyon" published by the Lytle Creek Community Center since 1948. All work is done by volunteers
Under the Community Center Board of Trustees (a nonprofit organization), Ciji Mobley runs the Youth Group, Anna Sorum distributes commodities to about 100 individuals and runs a local branch of the San Bernardino County Library, Ken Philips delivers meals to the homebound, and Mary Stinson manages the local Red Cross emergency shelter program. Sally Boyd directs an active branch of CERT (Community Emergency Response Team) also operates with county OES.
Safety.
Lytle Creek is patrolled by the San Bernardino County Fontana Sheriff Station (which also serves unincorporated Fontana and Bloomington).
Fire protection services are mainly provided by The San Bernardino County Fire Department (SBCoFD) Service Area 38 which
provides administration and support for County Service Area 38 fire
district and other services such as hazardous materials regulation, dispatch communication and
disaster preparedness. In Lytle Creek, the San Bernardino County Fire Department (SBCoFD)
provides services through the Valley Division of their department.
Other agencies providing fire protection services and or fire related information for the Lytle Creek
community include the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (CAL FIRE) and the
Mountain Area Safety Taskforce (MAST). In addition, the US Forest Service has a station located in the Lytle Creek area.
Demographics.
The 2020 United States census reported that Lytle Creek had a population of 725. The population density was . The racial makeup of Lytle Creek was 510 (70.3%) White, 23 (3.2%) African American, 5 (0.7%) Native American, 34 (4.7%) Asian, 2 (0.3%) Pacific Islander, 54 (7.4%) from other races, and 97 (13.4%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 170 persons (23.4%).
The census reported that 689 people (95.0% of the population) lived in households, 36 (5.0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and no one was institutionalized.
There were 317 households, out of which 66 (20.8%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 123 (38.8%) were married-couple households, 26 (8.2%) were cohabiting couple households, 90 (28.4%) had a female householder with no partner present, and 78 (24.6%) had a male householder with no partner present. 93 households (29.3%) were one person, and 48 (15.1%) were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.17. There were 202 families (63.7% of all households).
The age distribution was 119 people (16.4%) under the age of 18, 41 people (5.7%) aged 18 to 24, 166 people (22.9%) aged 25 to 44, 240 people (33.1%) aged 45 to 64, and 159 people (21.9%) who were 65years of age or older. The median age was 48.5years. For every 100 females, there were 113.9 males.
There were 386 housing units at an average density of , of which 317 (82.1%) were occupied. Of these, 230 (72.6%) were owner-occupied, and 87 (27.4%) were occupied by renters.
According to the 2010 United States Census, Lytle Creek had a median household income of $77,568, with 2. of the population living below the federal poverty line.
Government.
In the California State Legislature, Lytle Creek is in , and in .
In the United States House of Representatives, Lytle Creek is in .
Education.
It is in the Rialto Unified School District.

</doc>
<doc id="7042432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042432" title="Kristen Forrester Dominguez">
Kristen Forrester Dominguez



</doc>
<doc id="7042433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042433" title="Pandenulf of Capua">
Pandenulf of Capua

Pandenulf was the Count of Capua, claiming that title from 862 and holding it successfully during the tumultuous civil war of 879 – 882. He was the son and successor of Pando, but was removed on his father's death by his uncle the bishop, Landulf II. 
On Landulf's death, he reasserted his claim with the support of a large faction, though he was opposed by Lando III. He took the cities of Teano and Caserta, while Lando's faction held Caiazzo and Calino. Landenulf had the support of Guaifer of Salerno, so Pandenulf tried to get Gaideris of Benevento and the "strategos" Gregory, then together in Benevento. They went to Nola, but Pandenulf refused to do homage to Gaideris. The Beneventans and Greeks joined the Salernitans in besieging Capua. The siege dragged on and soon only the prince of Benevento was left. 
Meanwhile, Pandenulf renewed his fidelity to the papacy, hoping to use Pope John VIII as leverage against his adversaries. The Capuans, however, had made Landulf, the young son of Lando, bishop in that city, but Pandenulf had him expelled and tried to appoint his own brother Landenulf, though married, bishop. This caused a schism in the Capuan church. Pandenulf sent his brother to Rome demanding that the pope consecrate him. The bishop of Teano and the abbot of Montecassino urged John to resist the Capuan count, but John, wishing to retain his loyalty and to satisfy both claimants, consecrated Landulf as bishop of Old Capua, now called Santa Maria Capua Vetere, and affirmed Landenulf as bishop of New Capua. Eventually, Pandenulf recognised Lando in Caiazzo, but there were other claimants to deal with. 
After Docibilis I of Gaeta broke with the pope over the Saracens, with whom Docibilis was allied, John authorised Pandenulf to seize papal possessions governed by Naples. Pandenulf's troops reduced the Gaetans to control only of their own peninsula, but Docibils called in the Saracens of Agropoli and retook Fondi, ravaging the papal territory. Pandenulf was called back by events in Capua, however, and John was forced to make a treaty with Docibilis whereby the latter became a papal vassal. 
Pandenulf found a second ally in the person of Athanasius, duke-bishop of Naples. Wanting to keep the Capuans at war, Athanasius gladly entered the conflict. He was excommunicated at the time because he was allied with the Saracens. He thus transferred his allegiance to the Byzantines and besieged Capua. From April 881, he expelled Pandenulf and himself ruled in Capua as a vassal of Guaimar I of Salerno.

</doc>
<doc id="7042435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042435" title="Bryndle">
Bryndle

Bryndle was an American folk-rock band first formed in the late 1960s in Los Angeles.
The original lineup consisted of singer-songwriters Andrew Gold, Karla Bonoff, Kenny Edwards (founding member of The Stone Poneys), and Wendy Waldman.
with several instrumentalists joining them for recordings or concerts over the years.
History.
In 1970, Bryndle recorded sessions for an album for A&amp;M Records, with Peter Bernstein and Dennis Wood playing bass and drums, respectively. Newcomer producer Chuck Plotkin worked with the group, but their would-be debut album never materialized. Only one track, Bonoff's "Woke Up This Morning", was released as a single, briefly becoming a regional hit in northern California but failing to win a wider audience. With little to show for their considerable time and effort, the discouraged group disbanded.
Waldman, Bonoff, Gold, and Edwards each established solo careers and undertook session work in the 1970s and 1980s, and each worked closely with Linda Ronstadt in this time period. Edwards, who had been a founding member of the Stone Poneys prior to the formation of Bryndle, recorded and toured with Ronstadt for about ten years beginning in the mid-1970s. Gold was a key member of Ronstadt's backing band for several years. Waldman became a friend of Ronstadt and also toured with her for a period; they collaborated on a song, "I Want a Horse", for the 1980 Sesame Street LP "In Harmony". Bonoff was one of many songwriters whom Linda Ronstadt introduced via covers on her albums, notably "Someone to Lay Down Beside Me".
In the early 1990s, Bryndle re-formed with its original quartet of Bonoff, Gold, Edwards and Waldman. In 1995, their newly recorded debut album, "Bryndle", was released, and the band began a tour of the US and Japan, adding drummer Scott Babcock (who also recorded with them on the new album) and bassist Bill Bonk. In 1996, core member Gold left the band and briefly moved to the East Coast with his family. Bryndle, now essentially a trio, continued touring through 1997, with Matt Cartsonis replacing Bonk (who left to work with Aimee Mann) in the touring band.
After the tour, the four singer-songwriters took a break from the road, and all of them became busy with their solo careers. Work on a second Bryndle album proceeded slowly over the next five years with much of the songs written and recorded separately, unlike their more collaborative 1995 album. The trio focused on completing the new album in 2001 with contributions from former member Andrew Gold. Bryndle would, performing two house concerts during this period. "House of Silence" was finally released in early 2002.
With the album released, Bryndle once again became inactive as a band, and its members returned to other solo and group projects. Sadly, Edwards died in August 2010, aged 64, closely followed by Gold in June 2011, aged only 59.
Discography.
"Bryndle" (album).
Track listing.
All songs written by Bryndle, except where noted.
Personnel.
Production
"House of Silence".
Personnel.
Production

</doc>
<doc id="7042439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042439" title="Nicholas Purcell of Loughmoe">
Nicholas Purcell of Loughmoe

Nicholas Purcell, 13th Baron of Loughmoe (1651 – 4 March 1722) was the son of James Purcell of Loughmoe and the maternal nephew of James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormonde.
A member of the King's Privy Council, Purcell was the right-hand man to Patrick Sarsfield, Earl of Lucan. In 1687 Nicholas Purcell raised a troop of horse to support King James II — they were called the "Yellow Horse," probably from the colour of the Regiment's cornets, as was customary for the period. Nicholas fought at the Battle of the Boyne and at the Battle of Aughrim, and was a signatory to the Treaty of Limerick. He did not flee to Europe after Limerick but remained in Ireland to fight for the rights of Roman Catholics.
The Marquis de Ruvigny notes that Nicholas Purcell of Loughmoe was made Baron Loughmore by King James II in 1690. While there is little other evidence to confirm the creation of this peerage, it would enter the ranks of those titles created by the King while in exile.
Early years.
Born sometime in 1651, Nicholas Purcell of Loughmoe Castle was the first son of Colonel James Purcell (1609–1652), 12th Baron of Loughmoe Castle, and Elizabeth Butler, daughter of Thomas Butler, Viscount Thurles, and Elizabeth, Lady Thurles and sister of James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormonde. The May 1652 Act of Settlement saw Nicholas' father, Colonel James Purcell, a Roman Catholic, lose the Tipperary lands the family had held since 1198. The Colonel was set not to be compensated with land in Connaught, however, as his fortunate marriage to the sister of the Duke of Ormonde enabled a powerful contact who ensured the allocation of some property. The allocation of land did not occur without difficulty however. On 13 September 1652, Colonel James Purcell, Baron of Loughmoe died and was buried in the Holy Cross Abbey. Between 1652 and 1656, his widow lost and regained her lands in Galway no fewer than four times .
With the Restoration of King Charles II in 1660, the family's fortunes improved. Elizabeth Purcell returned to Loughmoe and again enjoyed the jointure of £300 a year she had received before her removal. The young Baron Nicholas would have been eight or nine at this time and it was probably the first time he had seen his ancestral home. About this time, Elizabeth Purcell married Colonel John Fitzpatrick at Loughmoe; her children were present at the wedding .
By King's Order in a letter dated circa 31 October 1661 the Duke of Ormonde, Baron Nicholas' maternal uncle, was appointed guardian of the young Baron. It would appear that the majority of work in respect to the recovery and management of the Baron's estate fell to Colonel Fitzpatrick who discharged his duty with scrupulous fidelity. Under the Down Survey of 1663 all of the historically Purcell lands, a total of were granted to Baron Nicholas. These lands ran from Holy Cross to Templemore, and included the castles of Loughmoe, Rathelty, Dovea, Ballinahow, Lisheentagirt, Beakstown, Brownestown and Rorodstown. The total value of the property in 1640 was £4,340.
Again, between 1666 and 1686 little is known of the life of Baron Nicholas. This is a significant period of his life, from age 15 to 35. It is known that Baron Nicholas was tutored privately at Loughmoe and spent a considerable part of their day horse riding. Sometime in this period Baron Nicholas married the Honourable Rose Trevor, daughter of Viscount Dungannon .
Military beginnings.
With a strong history of loyalty to the Catholic cause, Nicholas Purcell was commissioned Captain on 12 February 1686 in the army enrolled by Lord Tyrconnell to uphold the cause of King James II. In May 1686 he was admitted as a member to the King's Privy Council of Ireland, he was 35. It was at this time in 1686 that King James II confirmed the title of Baron of Loughmoe to Colonel Nicholas.
Nicholas Purcell married Ellis Browne sometime around 1688; she was 20 years his junior. Ellis Browne was the daughter of Sir Valentine Browne who had a high command in the army of King James II and was created Baron Castlerosse and Viscount Kenmare by the King. In 1689 Col. Nicholas Purcell represented the County of Tipperary in the Parliament in Dublin.
Why he was there we are not certain but on 1 May 1689, accompanying His Majesty King James II from Brest, Col. Nicholas Purcell arrived home to Ireland. At this time Col. Purcell participated in the siege of Derry and an incident there provides an insight into the horsemanship and great courage of Col. Nicholas Purcell. A garrison of William's troops lay entrenched by or near a strand. The garrison fired at the horses of the oncoming Jacobite soldiers and were successful in downing many. Those who did succeed in reaching the defences found themselves confronted by "a dry bank of seven-foot high at the waterside", which most of them quickly decided was impracticable for cavalry.
The commanding officer, Edmund Butler, Viscount Mountgarret's second son, "being extraordinarily well mounted", showed the way and spurring his horse, flew over the bank, only to be at once made prisoner. Colonel Nicholas who was close behind Butler, had his horse killed under him and only saved himself by quickly jumping onto the horse's hind and heaving himself backwards.
After the Siege of Derry, Colonel Nicholas was sent by the King to join the Highland forces of the "Bonnie Dundee". "The London Gazette" reported 300 Irish troops and 60 horses were landed in Argyllshire, having been transported there by three French men-of-war and several other vessels from Carrickfergus. Colonel Nicholas had brought with him of powder, ball, match and flint, and was under the command of Major-General Alexander Cannon.
On the morning of 17 May 1689, 400 men of Colonel Purcell's regiment landed in small boats at Lochaber and escaped capture by Sir George Rooke by hiding in the mountains of Mull. On 12 July 1689 they landed at Duart in the Isle of Mull. During their short passage the French frigates had captured the Scottish privateer Pelican and her consort after a sharp encounter. Purcell's Dragoon's joined Dundee's Highlanders about 16 July, as the clans were gathering to meet the Williamite forces under Lieutenant-General Hugh Mackay. On 27 July the opposing forces met at Killiecrankie, between Aldclune and Aldgirnaig.
On his extreme right flank, facing Balfour's Regiment, Dundee placed Clan Maclean, under Sir John Maclean of Duart, and Purcell's Dragoon Regiment. To their left he placed the Clanranalds, Macdonalds and Glengarrys. On the extreme left flank were the Macdonals of Sleat, and a mixed regiment under Sir Alexander Maclean. To the left center were the Camerons, under Lochiel, opposing Mackay's Regiment. The center, opposite Leven's Regiment, was left open. The Viscount Dundee commanded on the left of center with his cavalry under Sir William Wallace.
Dundee held his fire until a half-hour before sunset, at which time the Highlanders charged down from the heights of Killiecrankie whooping war cries, and finally at muzzle-point, drawing their claymores and stampeding the Williamite troops. Purcell's Dragoon Regiment participated in the charge with gallantry.
Iain Lom MacDonald, one of the Highlanders present, well expressed the outcome when he later wrote: "-In the tender birch copse, Near the farm of MacGeorge, Full many a gay cloak lies torn."
Unfortunately for the Jacobite cause the "Bonnie Dundee" was mortally wounded in the battle, and the initial advantage melted away. Purcell's Dragoon Regiment returned to Ireland and joined the squadron which had stayed behind and served with Major-General Buchan before Enniskillen on 30 July.
Earlier in the summer French Marshal Conrad von Rosen had rendezvoused at Trim, while on his way to attack Enniskillen. He had written to King James II from the rendezvous on 6 June 1689 to complain that Purcell's Dragoon Regiment was not well enough equipped to fight effectively. On 29 June von Rosen noted that the Duke of Berwick was using Purcell's dragoons to fortify positions on the River Finn and later in the defence of Omagh. The regiment received a commendation by the Duke of Berwick in action near Enniskillen, in a dispatch to Lieutenant-General Richard Hamilton.
On 29 August 1689 M. d'Escot wrote to Comte d'Avaux from Drogheda that Gormanston's Regiment had arrived that afternoon, and Purcell's Dragoon Regiment had arrived that evening, and listed Purcell's Regiment as composed of 12 troops for a total of 360 men, as recently determined by a review of troops. The regiment may have arrived from Bangor Bay with Brigadier Thomas Maxwell and a force of 500 horse and dragoons.
The planned attack of Dundalk did not materialise, and on 6 October King James' Army fell back on Ardee, which had been converted into a defended frontier position. From Ardee, on 21 October, Comte d'Avaux wrote the French King's Minister of War, Marquis Louvois, that he had been occupied reviewing two or three petty disputes between French and Irish officers, and hoped he had finally put them to rest. The most serious dispute was between a French lieutenant and one of the dragoons from Purcell's Regiment. The French lieutenant had been seriously wounded by the dragoon in the course of an argument, and he could have been arraigned for a military court martial because Purcell had stated he had never seen the lieutenant's commission, although the lieutenant had said he had participated in all the regiment's tests of arms; had served with the regiment as an officer before Derry and Enniskillen, and had habitually bivouacked in the field with the other officers.
The upshot was King James reprimanded the Irish officers who had recommended a court martial, and Comte d'Avaux acknowledging the French lieutenant was inclined to swagger and had a quick temper, sent him to his own quarters where he could care for him and dress his wounds.
Another French lieutenant had served with the regiment at an earlier period, and figured in an episode in 1687. While the regiment was stationed at Cashel, Lieutenant Rene Mezandiere ordered the Deputy Mayor, Charles Robinson, cast into the common prison "a noysome place on Sunday morning." All this occurred on 25 September 1687. The Corporation petitioned the Government "that ye ad Lieut. be effectually prosecuted for ye same." Later, on 27 October 1687, the Corporation records, "The chapter doe wait upon Captain Purcell to acquaint him with the injuries done by the Souldiers to the Cathedral gates, Church yard, and to them that are employed to look after them from harme or trespasses." One wonders how Colonel Nicholas dealt with this matter.
During the war years, Colonel Purcell's wife and children evidently lived in France. The will of Lieutenant Pierce Power of Thurles, dated 26 June 1689, not only lists the amounts of money owed him by Colonel Purcell, but also mentions the fact his daughter, Cecily, was living with Mary Purcell of Loughmoe.
The following Roster of Officers of the Regiment is taken from various French Muster Rolls of Reviews held in Ireland after the arrival of King James II. The regiment was raised mostly in Tipperary:
During the winter of 1689 the regiment was engaged in skirmishes on the frontier, mostly around Belturbet.
Battle of the Boyne.
The first big battle of 1690 was the Battle of the Boyne, on 1 July. King James held Colonel Browne's Infantry and Colonel Purcell's Dragoons in reserve at the Battle of the Boyne, and late in the day he committed his reserve behind the Comte de Lauzun, as the latter was about to charge the Williamite right flank which faced him within cannon shot. King James ordered Sir James Carny, the reserve commander, to move the reserve up to Lauzun's right flank and Purcell's Dragoons to dismount and engage as infantry.
At this moment an aid rode up with the news that the Irish right flank had been defeated. General Sarsfield and General Maxwell rode up to say it was impossible for the horse to charge the enemy because directly ahead lay two double ditches with high banks and a brook running between them. Also at this point of time, the Williamite dragoons mounted and the whole line marched by the flank to their right in the direction of the Dublin Road. Lauzun advised the King to take his own regiment of a horse and a squadron of Purcell's Dragoons and make his way to Dublin.
Sarsfield then rallied the cavalry and dragoons and covered the retreat to Dublin. The Irish Army paused at Dublin just long enough to regroup, then moved on for the defence of Limerick. King James departed Kinsale for France 2 July 1690.
Limerick.
Purcell's Dragoon Regiment rode down to County Clare to rendezvous with the cavalry. French Major-General Boisseleau commanded the defence of Limerick, and the Williamites commenced their attack in August, and soon occupied both Ireton's Fort and Cromwell's Fort. Shortly thereafter, on 11 August 1690, Sarsfield crossed the Shannon near Killaloe with the pick of the Irish cavalry and dragoons including Purcell's Regiment.
Sarsfield led his troopers through the Tipperary mountains to Ballyneety where the Williamite siege train had encamped for the night, about south-east of Limerick. They took the enemy completely by surprise, and blew up two of their guns, and destroyed 12,000 pounds of powder, match and grenades. This raid became one of Sarsfield's most celebrated exploits.
Six guns salvaged from Ballyneety arrived on 16 August and the Williamite forces prepared for the forthcoming assault on Limerick. The heavy guns arrived from Waterford and the bombardment of the walls of Limerick commenced. Many fires were started by the incendiary bombs, and finally a breach was made in the wall about forty-two yards wide. General Boisseleau dug a retrenchment behind the breach, on which he mounted guns for defence.
On Wednesday, 20 August 1690, an attack in force was made upon the redoubt, after two days of bombardment. The first attack was repulsed. The second attack succeeded. General Boisseleau ordered 300 of Colonel Purcell's Dragoons and 150 of Colonel Luttrell's Cavalry to make a sally from St. John's Gate and attempt to retake the redoubt. When the Irish thundered out they were savagely met by the Williamites. The besiegers lost over 300 men repulsing the sally. The Irish lost 100 men and two officers; Lt. Col. Robert Purcell and Lieutenant Pierce Power.
Later, Brigadier Talbot led the Irish dragoons on a well timed sally from the spur at St. John's Gate. They were met by two enemy regiments, and after bloody encounter, forced their way through, re-entering the town through the breach and taking the besiegers from the rear. The Williamites were thrown into confusion and Boisseleau seized the moment to throw in his whole force. The Irish drove the besiegers back through the breach, over the counterscarp, back to their trenches, then back to their camp, for a complete victory after a battle of four hours. The siege of Limerick was raised and the Williamites withdrew.
Deputation to St. Germain.
Colonel Purcell was one of those included in the deputation to St. Germain to persuade James to remove the Duke of Tyrconnell as head of the Army. The deputation was made up of Brigadier Henry Luttrell, Colonel Simon Luttrell, and Peter Creagh, Bishop of Cork. General Thomas Maxwell sailed to represent Tyrconnell. James met with the delegates, then took them to interview Louis XIV.
The delegates asked for a French general to command the Irish Army. On 9 May 1691, a French convoy reached Limerick with General Charles St. Ruth, two lieutenant-generals, d'Usson and de Tessé, and Brigadier Luttrell and Colonel Purcell, and also a considerable quantity of arms, ammunition and supplies.
There was confusion over who was now in charge of the army. St Ruth claimed command while Tyrconnell still claimed viceroy authority and ultimate control of the army. According to an account in the Life of James, Tyrconnell eventually submitted and left the management of the army to St. Ruth, who was superficially on good terms with him but at bottom was prejudiced against him, influenced by Luttrell and Purcell.
General St. Ruth reviewed the Irish regiments on 18 and 19 May. On 2 June John Stevens noted, "Purcell's Regiment of Horse marched out of Limerick toward the camp". With a force of , 3000 horse, and 2,000 dragoons St. Ruth had his first encounter with the Williamite forces of 18,000, commanded by Baron de Ginkel, on 21 June 1691, at Athlone. This proved to be a Jacobite defeat. St. Ruth fell back to Ballinasloe, then decided to give battle on the high ground near Aughrim, about five miles (8 km) southwest of Ballinasloe.
St. Ruth took up his position on the eastern slopes of Kilcommodon Hill on 8 July. It was a good position, protected by a belt of bog along the whole front, behind which he placed his infantry. His right flank was anchored at Tristaum bridge at Urraghry Pass, and guarded by cavalry regiments of the Duke of Tyrconnell, Earl of Abercorn, and Colonel Edward Prendergast. His left flank was secured by Colonel Walter Bourk and in position in the Aughrim Castle ruin, and also guarded by the cavalry regiments of the Earl of Lucan, Brigadier Henry Luttrell and Colonel John Parker, and Colonel Purcell's Dragoon Regiment near the castle, all under the command of Major-General Dominick Sheldon. His command was subsequently weakened during the course of battle through transfer of elements of his cavalry and dragoons to the right flank. Purcell's dragoons evidently fought piecemeal, some trooper on the left flank and some on the right flank, mounted or dismounted, depending on the situation. Major Sir John Everard was killed in this action.
At the beginning of the battle, elements of Sheldon's cavalry repulsed four battalions of Williamite infantry working south of the causeway. Later the Marquis de Ruvigny, leading about 14 squadrons of Williamite horse, rode up the causeway, two by two, into the fire of Irish Infantry and Purcell's dragoons in trenches, and Bourk's infantrymen in the castle ruin; passed within thirty yards of the castle; forded the stream and forced the pass, and thus enfiladed the Irish left flank. Apparently, Sheldon's cavalry was unable to turn the enemy horse. General St. Ruth was killed in battle and the Irish Army was in complete route by 9 o'clock at night.
After the Battle of Aughrim, Purcell's Dragoon Regiment participated in the defence of Limerick for the second time. With the approval of Queen Mary, General Ginkel sent a communication to Tyrconnell in late July 1691 attempting to settle the battle of Limerick. Ginkel seems to have thought Tyrconnell more likely to compromise that Sarsfield "who with Luttrell and Purcell are the drivers and certainly have pensions from France". General Ginkel's gunners started the bombardment on 8 September 1691. On the night of 15 September Ginkel's forces crossed the main stream of the Shannon above Limerick. The Irish dragoons and infantry pulled back to Limerick over the Thomond bridge. The Irish cavalry rode back to Ennis.
On 22 September the Williamites moved along the Clare bank of the Shannon, and up to the Irish works at the approaches to the Thomond bridge. The Irish troops were pushed back to the bridge. A French Major ordered the drawbridge pulled up, shutting out the retreating troops. Almost everyone on the bridge was killed, including Colonel Redmond (or Redmund) Stapleton of Thurlesbegg and Major Thomas Purcell, Colonel Purcell's younger brother.
Siege of Limerick.
Limerick, now under siege on all sides, beat a parley on 24 September, and the news was sent to the Irish Cavalry near Ennis. Several delegates arrived for a parley with General Ginkel; they included the Archbishop of Cashel, the Earl of Westmeath, the Lord Dillon, the Lord Galmoy, Major-General Sheldon and Colonel Nicholas Purcell. They dined with General Ginkel, then rode on to Limerick.
On 28 September, the Irish commissioners rode out to negotiate with General Ginkel. They were: Patrick, Earl of Lucan, Piercy Viscount Galmoy, Colonel Nicholas Purcell, Colonel Nicholas Cusack, Sir Toby Butler, Colonel Garrett Dillon and Colonel John Browne. The articles to the Treaty of Limerick were agreed upon 3 October between Sir Charles Porter and Thomas Coningsby, Lords Justice of Ireland, and Lieutenant-General Ginkel for the Williamites, and Patrick Earl Lucan, Piercy Viscount Galmoy, Colonel Nicholas Purcell, Colonel Garrett Dillon, and Colonel John Browne for the Irish.
They secured either the right to go overseas or, if they accepted William's regime, immunity from discriminatory laws. But civil articles to secure toleration for Roman Catholics were not ratified, thus enabling later Irish leaders to denounce the "broken treaty" of Limerick.
Later years.
Thus ended Colonel Purcell's Dragoon Regiment's service in King James II's Irish Army. Most of them went back to their homes in Tipperary and Kilkenny, although some went to France with Baron Dunboyne. Colonel Purcell chose to remain in Ireland. He was still active in the affairs of the state as can be seen when Colonel Purcell, along with Viscount Fitzwilliams of Meryon and John Seigrave, Esq. on behalf of all Roman Catholics in Ireland, signed his name to a petition read at the Council of Parliament on 28 June 1695. The petition claimed that some Bills sent from England were "injurious to the petitioners' rights" and asked for time to examine the Bills and if necessary lodge "exceptions". The petition, "after full debate, [was] rejected."
On 31 October 1695 Colonel Purcell, along with Colonel Luttrell, attended the Privy Council to petition for an Act of Parliament to confirm the Articles of the Treaty of Limerick. History tells us that they were not successful.
We again in the life of Colonel Purcell reach a period were only sporadic incidents are known. For an unknown reason, on 28 April 1697 the Duke of Shrewsbury wrote to the Lords of the Treasury that amongst other payments, "Col. Nicholas Purcell should have 100l." On 16 June 1699 Colonel Purcell was managing, with a Mr. Roberts, South and Savage, the estate of Viscount Kenmare, his father-in-law. Colonel Purcell is quoted as saying that "Protestant tenants will readily take it (the estate) at £3,000 a year".
On 30 March 1705 a special order was issued that issued licenses for Roman Catholics in Ireland to carry certain arms. Colonel Purcell was among the sixty or so people listed and was allowed to carry 1 sword, 1 case of pistols and 1 gun.
Of Colonel Purcell's children we know the following. As already mentioned his only son fell into a vat of boiling water and died. Of his three daughters it is only known that two of them married. Catherine, his second daughter married a member of the Gaelic nobility, Domhnall, the O'Callaghan. His third daughter, married a man surnamed White from Leixlip who apparently by 1705 was not yet eighteen. In conversation with a Paul Davys, possibly a cousin, Col. Purcell's daughter stated that she "desires not to live with her husband until he is eighteen." The Purcell-Whites were the last to live in Loughmoe and did so until approximately 1760.
On 4 March 1722, Colonel Nicholas Purcell of Loughmoe, 13th Baron of Loughmoe died. He was buried in the old abbey in Loughmore. For some reason, there are two stones appearing to record his death.

</doc>
<doc id="7042444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042444" title="Intra Asia Network">
Intra Asia Network

The Intra Asia Network, or IAN, is a loose consortium of cultural workers and creative spaces, artist exchange projects, community engagement initiatives and artist residency programmes operating throughout Asia. This consortium was founded to facilitate the greater mobility of Asia's cultural producers, practitioners, and creative people through the development, promotion and empowerment of artist-in-residency and artist-in-community projects. Membership represents over 15 countries and hundreds of Asian art spaces and initiatives.
History of IAN.
Through the support of Asian Cultural Council Taiwan and other local and funders, a meeting of 35 Asian artist directors from 15 countries was held in July 2005 in Taiwan. The thrust of the gathering was to discuss the issues and difficulties concerning Asian artists’ mobility and cultural exchange. Asia is in need of understanding itself in both a traditional and contemporary context: a premise of IAN is that 21st century cultural identity in Asia will be understood through movements, projects, and residencies of its own culture workers. The Intra Asia Network for artist residency, mobility, and exchange now comprises members from Taiwan, Cambodia, Thailand, Japan, China, Korea, Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia, and even Australia and New Zealand.
A second meeting of IAN representatives was held, with the support of Asia Europe Foundation, during the annual conference of Res Artis in Berlin, convened by the ufaFabrik. That gathering involved the leaders of 40 Asian culture NGOs and reaffirmed the need for an action group to share knowledge, resources, experience and collaboration across Asian borders.
The third conference of IAN was held in South Korea in September 2006. The workshops were held in conjunction with the 2006 Gwangju Bienniale, while the second half of the gathering was held at Ssamzie Space in Seoul. The objectives focused on the common concerns of many Asian directors and cultural leaders: professional development, management of artist’s space and initiatives, and new models for funding, operating, and advocating for the role of artists' mobility and cultural exchange. This most recent gathering was co-sponsored by Artists Forum International (AFI), with support from Arts Council of Korea, City of Gwangju, the Korean Nonprofit Alternative Space Network, and the Prince Claus Fund.
Background.
Intra Asia Network is an open source platform for culture organizations.
Following the 2005 workshop and conferences, there was a consensus that a formal initiative be formed to help foster more intra-Asian exchanges and cultural dialogue. This objective was further confirmed at the more recent meeting of arts leaders in Seoul in September 2006. Thus Intra Asia Network, a collective consortium, has been established based on a shared vision to use Asian art and culture, and innovative project development, as the medium for a balanced social condition for all parts of Asia.
Structure of Network.
Intra Asia Network is an open source network to serve and support Asian culture organizations. It will not be formalized as a legal entity, but will remain as an autonomous, flexible and independently structured entity. Membership is free, and all share equally in rights and responsibilities to further the network’s mission. Contributions and commitments are on a voluntary basis. Communications for members and the general public is driven via a website, e-group, blogs and the Internet. Regional workshops and conferences will be planned as supportive opportunities and funding allow.

</doc>
<doc id="7042456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042456" title="Soft Bomb">
Soft Bomb

Soft Bomb is an album by New Zealand group The Chills, released in 1992. It was the follow-up to "Submarine Bells", which had hit number 1 in New Zealand in 1990.
Released to good reviews, "Soft Bomb" was followed by a world tour with an enlarged Chills line-up. In the midst of their US tour, financial backing and promotion was withdrawn for the album and tour. This line-up of the band disintegrated and Martin Phillipps would take some time to rebuild the band. Phillipps parted company with Slash Records after this album and tour.
Background and production.
The Chills released their second studio album "Submarine Bells" in 1990; it was well-received in Europe and was popular around colleges in the United States. Upon returning to their home country of New Zealand, the band went on a sold-out tour. Following this, keyboardist Andrew Todd and bassist Justin Harwood left, and Terry Moore, who had played with them in the early 1980s, returned on bass. Now a trio, the band started demoing material for the next release in July 1991.They then travelled to Burbank, California in the US to collaborate with producer Gavin MacKillop, known for his work with the Church and Shriekback. Peter Holsapple of the dB's then joined the band on keyboards. Prior to anything being done, drummer James Stephenson quit, having homesickness and reportedly clashing with Holsapple. Mauro Ruby took on Stephenson's role; Lisa Mednick and Steven Schayer of Clay Idols joined on keyboards and backing vocals, respectively. Van Dyke Parks contributed to the album, scoring "Water Wolves".
Release.
"The Male Monster from the Id", the album's lead single, became the most added song from the album at college radio stations in the US. By July 1992, Earl Robertson joined on drums. 100 shows were planned to promote the album; early into the itinerary, after completed shows of New Zealand and Australia, the band felt that Robertson did not fit in. He was subsequently replaced by Craig Mason of Able Tasmans, who was already working with band as their lighting engineer. By the time the tour made it to the US, "Double Summer" was released as a single. Line-up issues were causing tension with the band, in addition to lower ticket sales than anticipated. Sometime around this, their label Slash Records withdrew further promotion in the US and the UK. In addition, London Recordings, who distributed Slash's releases in the UK, cancelled their support for the band's upcoming tour. In response, Phillipps promptly broke up the band after their final show in the US.
Critical reception.
"The New York Times" wrote: "Strange and majestic, these songs are Mr. Phillipps's attempt to test and reshape the possibilities of pop." "The Washington Post" called it "a shimmering, buoyant pleasure." For author Dave Thompson, in his book "Alternative Rock" (2000), the bulk of his review was centered on "Song for Randy Newman Etc", while also highlighting "Water Wolves" and "Double Summer".
Track listing.
All songs written by Martin Phillipps.

</doc>
<doc id="7042463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042463" title="Math Rescue">
Math Rescue

Math Rescue is a 1992 educational platform game created by Karen Crowther of Redwood Games and published by Apogee Software. Its early pre-release title was "Number Rescue". Released in October 1992 for the MS-DOS platform, it is a loose successor to the earlier game "Word Rescue", whose game engine was used to power the new game with minor changes. "Math Rescue" was initially released as shareware but later achieved a retail release. It was followed by "Math Rescue Plus". There were plans to have a sequel to the game called "Gruzzle Puzzles" but it was never started.
The registered version of "Math Rescue" remains available for purchase. It was also released on Steam in 2015 with support for Windows and Mac OS. The game can also allow the player interact with a pair of Stereoscopic Vision Glasses.
Gameplay.
"Math Rescue" revolves around solving math problems. Boxes float in the air. Touching a box transports the player inside it, where they solve a math problem to get points.
Math Rescue includes three episodes, called Visit Volcanoes and Ice Caves, Follow the Gruzzles into Space, and See Candy Land. Only the first episode is distributed as shareware, while the others are available commercially. Each episode contains 15 levels. The game also has a learning mode to permanently enable word problems in the game.
Plot.
The world's numbers are stolen by the Gruzzles, which causes problems. The player character spots a Gruzzle removing numbers from the front of a house. Benny the Butterfly comes to the player character's aid and they begin a quest to stop the Gruzzles and retrieve the stolen numbers. It turns out that an alien race called the Glixerians from the planet Glixer II have sent their pets, the Gruzzles to steal Earth's numbers so that the humans will become the new Glixerians' pets. It is revealed that Benny was once a Gruzzle who took refuge on Earth. Benny recognises a Gruzzle named Zorja as his cousin and convinces her that the Gruzzles can be free on Earth away from the Glixerians. The Gruzzles return the stolen numbers and provide gardeners with built-in slug control, while the Glixerians hatch some other plot against Earth.
Reception.
"Computer Gaming World" called "Math Rescue" and "Word Rescue" "excellent choices for younger children ... though us older 'kids' will still find them entertaining. They are difficult to quit playing". The game was also given the award as "Best Education Software" in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="7042467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042467" title="Anastasia De Sousa">
Anastasia De Sousa

the greatest cousin in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="7042472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042472" title="Newsagency">
Newsagency

Newsagency may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7042478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042478" title="Main effect">
Main effect

In the design of experiments and analysis of variance, a main effect is the effect of an independent variable on a dependent variable averaged across the levels of any other independent variables. The term is frequently used in the context of factorial designs and regression models to distinguish main effects from interaction effects.
Relative to a factorial design, under an analysis of variance, a main effect test will test the hypotheses expected such as H0, the null hypothesis. Running a hypothesis for a main effect will test whether there is evidence of an effect of different treatments. However, a main effect test is nonspecific and will not allow for a localization of specific mean pairwise comparisons (simple effects). A main effect test will merely look at whether overall there is something about a particular factor that is making a difference. In other words, it is a test examining differences amongst the levels of a single factor (averaging over the other factor and/or factors). Main effects are essentially the overall effect of a factor.
Definition.
A factor averaged over all other levels of the effects of other factors is termed as main effect (also known as marginal effect). The contrast of a factor between levels over all levels of other factors is the main effect. The difference between the marginal means of all the levels of a factor is the main effect of the response variable on that factor . Main effects are the primary independent variables or factors tested in the experiment. Main effect is the specific effect of a factor or independent variable regardless of other parameters in the experiment. In design of experiment, it is referred to as a factor but in regression analysis it is referred to as the independent variable.
Estimating Main Effects.
In factorial designs, thus two levels each of factor A and B in a factorial design, the main effects of two factors say A and B be can be calculated. The main effect of A is given by
formula_1
The main effect of B is given by
formula_2
Where n is total number of replicates. We use factor level 1 to denote the low level, and level 2 to denote the high level. The letter "a" represent the factor combination of level 2 of A and level 1 of B and "b" represents the factor combination of level 1 of A and level 2 of B. "ab" is the represents both factors at level 2. Finally, 1 represents when both factors are set to level 1.
Hypothesis Testing for Two Way Factorial Design..
Consider a two-way factorial design in which factor A has 3 levels and factor B has 2 levels with only 1 replicate. There are 6 treatments with 5 degrees of freedom. in this example, we have two null hypotheses. The first for Factor A is: formula_3 and the second for Factor B is: formula_4. The main effect for factor A can be computed with 2 degrees of freedom. This variation is summarized by the sum of squares denoted by the term SSA. Likewise the variation from factor B can be computed as SSB with 1 degree of freedom. The expected value for the mean of the responses in column i is formula_5while the expected value for the mean of the responses in row j is formula_6where i corresponds to the level of factor in factor A and j corresponds to the level of factor in factor B. formula_7and formula_8are main effects. SSA and SSB are main-effects sums of squares. The two remaining degrees of freedom can be used to describe the variation that comes from the interaction between the two factors and can be denoted as SSAB. A table can show the layout of this particular design with the main effects (where formula_9 is the observation of the ith level of factor B and the jth level of factor A): 
Example.
Take a formula_10factorial design (2 levels of two factors) testing the taste ranking of fried chicken at two fast food restaurants. Let taste testers rank the chicken from 1 to 10 (best tasting), for factor X: "spiciness" and factor Y: "crispiness." Level X1 is for "not spicy" chicken and X2 is for "spicy" chicken. Level Y1 is for "not crispy" and level Y2 is for "crispy" chicken. Suppose that five people (5 replicates) tasted all four kinds of chicken and gave a ranking of 1-10 for each. The hypotheses of interest would be: Factor X is: formula_11 and for Factor Y is: formula_12. The table of hypothetical results is given here:
The "Main Effect" of X (spiciness) when we are at Y1 (not crunchy) is given as:
formula_13 where n is the number of replicates. Likewise, the "Main Effect" of X at Y2 (crunchy) is given as:
formula_14, upon which we can take the simple average of these two to determine the overall main effect of the Factor X, which results as the above
formula, written here as:
formula_15 = formula_16
Likewise, for Y, the overall main effect will be:
formula_17= formula_18
For the Chicken tasting experiment, we would have the resulting main effects:
formula_19
formula_20

</doc>
<doc id="7042483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042483" title="Capital Area District Library">
Capital Area District Library

Capital Area District Libraries (CADL) is a system of libraries in Ingham County, Michigan, United States. It was formed in 1998 by an agreement between Ingham County and the City of Lansing. It consists of thirteen libraries and a mobile library. CADL is governed by a seven-member board, five of which are selected by Ingham County, and the remaining two are selected by the City of Lansing. CADL also participates with the Michigan eLibrary. The "Friends of the Library" support Capital Area District Libraries through fundraising and community outreach.
The City of East Lansing maintains a separate library system (East Lansing Public Library).
StoryWalk.
StoryWalk encourages families to enjoy reading and the outdoors by posting a children's book - a page or two at a time - at intervals in a park, hiking trail or other outdoor site. StoryWalk includes activities like talking, reading, writing, singing and playing to help your child develop important early literacy skills.CADL has 13 sites throughout Ingham County, Michigan.
Student Success Initiative.
The Student Success Initiative debuted in 2019, beginning with nearly 600 students in Webberville, Michigan. Currently, more than 20,000 students from 10 different Michigan school districts (Dansville, Haslett, Holt, Lansing, Leslie, Mason, Okemos, Stockbridge, Webberville and Williamston) are served through the SSI program. Through this initiative, students in participating districts can get a library card no matter where they live. It gives them access to books, audiobooks, magazines and more in both digital and physical formats.

</doc>
<doc id="7042489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042489" title="Armenian State Pedagogical University">
Armenian State Pedagogical University

Khachatur Abovian Armenian State Pedagogical University (ASPU) (), is a state university and higher education institution based in Yerevan, the capital of Armenia. Founded in 1922, the university is specialized in pedagogy and the preparation of teaching staff.
Named after the 19th-century Armenian writer Khachatur Abovian, the current rector of the university is professor Srbuhi Gevorgyan.
History.
The Armenian State Pedagogical University was founded on November 7, 1922, and in 1948, it was named after Khachatur Abovian, an Armenian educator, poet and an advocate of modernization.
The newly established university had only a pedagogical faculty with preschool, school and extracurricular specialties. Classes started on November 27, in the building of the former Hripsimian gymnasium.
The university has 10 faculties and more than 50 chairs. Since the 2004–2005 academic year, the university has been implementing three-level (bachelor's, master's, postgraduate) education. The study period is 4 years for the bachelor's degree and 2 years for the master's degree. The university has a basic school as well as a high school-college in the center of Yerevan.
ASPU Museum.
The Museum of Armenian State Pedagogical University after Khachatur Abovyan was founded on May 11, 2004, and is under the administrative subordination of the University Council headed by the Rector. The current exhibition was opened on November 19, 2012, on the occasion of the 90th anniversary of the university. The Museum pays special attention to visitors with special educational needs.
ASPU Trade Union.
The ASPU Trade Organization or Trade Union is regulated by the Law on Public Organizations of the Republic of Armenia, the RA Labour Code, the ASPU Statute, the ASPU Trade Organization Charter and collective contracts. The union aims to solve the legal and social issues of the employees.
Faculties.
As of 2017, the university is home to 10 faculties:
International Co-operation Unit.
The International Co-operation Unit co-ordinates the implementation of strategic objectives of the university; co-operates with foreign higher education institutions and university structural divisions; develops co-operation projects; and monitors their implementation.
The university co-operates with the British Council, TEMPUS national agency, Rossotrudnichestvo (Russia), as well as with projects financed by the European Committee and other donor organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="7042493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042493" title="Binary-Coded Decimal">
Binary-Coded Decimal



</doc>
<doc id="7042501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042501" title="CADL">
CADL



</doc>
<doc id="7042509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042509" title="Mazandran">
Mazandran



</doc>
<doc id="7042513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042513" title="Fourth generation console era">
Fourth generation console era



</doc>
<doc id="7042514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042514" title="Edinson Vólquez">
Edinson Vólquez

Edinson Vólquez (; born July 3, 1983) is a Dominican former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Texas Rangers, Cincinnati Reds, San Diego Padres, Los Angeles Dodgers, Pittsburgh Pirates, Kansas City Royals, and Miami Marlins.
Vólquez signed with the Rangers in 2001 under the name of Julio Reyes. He went by Edison Vólquez after 2003, before adding an "n" to his first name in 2007.
Early life.
Vólquez grew up in the Dominican Republic and started playing baseball when he was 9 or 10 with the support of his parents. "It was good for me because my mom and dad always took care of me... The only thing I did was go to school and play baseball."
Professional career.
Texas Rangers.
Vólquez was signed as an amateur free agent by the Texas Rangers in the Dominican Republic in 2001. Together with John Danks and Thomas Diamond, Vólquez was one third of the "DVD" trio of Rangers pitching prospects.
After spending four years in the Rangers' minor league system, Vólquez made his Major League debut on August 30, 2005, in a start against the Chicago White Sox. He lost all three Major League games he started that season, as well as one of the three games in which he appeared as a reliever, and posted a 14.21 ERA. He spent the first five months of the 2006 season with the Oklahoma RedHawks of the Triple-A Pacific Coast League until he was recalled to the majors in September. This time, he fared better, winning one of his eight starts and posting a 7.29 ERA.
The Rangers were dissatisfied with the results shown by one of their top pitching prospects, so in 2007 they tried an unconventional tactic. Vólquez was demoted to the Bakersfield Blaze of the High-A California League, to work on his control. As Vólquez progressed, he was slowly promoted up through the minor league system until he reached the big leagues in September. This tactic had been used by Mark Connor, the Rangers' pitching coach, once before. Vólquez showed much improvement in his big league performance that season, posting a 2–1 record and 4.50 ERA in six starts. Vólquez later said about the time in the minors, "At the time, I didn't understand, because if I play in the Big Leagues, why do I have to go all the way back to Single-A?... It made me better. It made me a better person."
Cincinnati Reds.
On December 21, 2007, the Rangers traded Vólquez to the Cincinnati Reds, along with Daniel Ray Herrera, in a deal for Josh Hamilton. Vólquez made his Reds' debut on April 6, 2008, in a game against the Philadelphia Phillies in Cincinnati. In innings of work, he allowed only five hits, one earned run and two walks while striking out eight batters in an 8–2 victory.
Vólquez started 2008 with a 7–1 record and a 1.33 ERA in nine starts, and allowed no more than one earned run in all but one of these starts (in which he allowed two). He became the only Reds pitcher to accomplish this since 1912. On May 18, 2008, Vólquez participated in a pitching matchup with the Cleveland Indians' Cliff Lee, who at that point led the American League with an ERA of 0.67. It was the third time in MLB history that the ERA leaders of each league had faced each other. Vólquez won the contest by a score of 6–4, improving to 7–1. Lee's loss, his first of the season, left him with a 6–1 record.
Vólquez was selected to represent the National League in the 2008 MLB All-Star Game. By the All-Star Break, Vólquez had a 12–3 record with a 2.29 ERA and 126 strikeouts. Vólquez finished the season with a 17–6 record and an earned run average of 3.21 in 196 innings, 8th-best in the National League. His 206 strikeouts tied for second-most in the National League with Johan Santana and Dan Haren, behind the Cy Young winner Tim Lincecum, and his 9.46 K/9 rate was also second in the league behind Lincecum. Vólquez threw changeups 31.9% of the time in 2008, more than any other starter.
After the season, the Baseball Writers' Association of America put Vólquez on the ballot for National League Rookie of the Year Award voting, an award for which he was not eligible. He subsequently received three second place votes for the award, which went to Geovany Soto.
Vólquez did not follow up his 2008 All-Star campaign with the same success. In 2009 with Cincinnati, Vólquez posted a 4–2 record with a 4.35 ERA through June 1. He was placed on the 15-day DL with elbow pain on June 2, and then eventually moved to the 60-day DL in preparation for Tommy John surgery, which ended his season.
On April 20, 2010, he received a 50-game suspension for use of performance-enhancing drugs. Vólquez made his 2010 debut with the Reds on July 17, 2010, vs the Colorado Rockies with an 8–1 win. Vólquez held the Rockies to one earned run and three hits in six innings with 9 strikeouts and 2 base on balls. However, his next several starts were unimpressive, and for the second time in his career, he was demoted straight to single-A (the Dayton Dragons). He was recalled on September 7 and finished the season with a 4–3 record and 4.31 ERA over 62.2 innings. He started Game 1 of the 2010 National League Division Series against the Philadelphia Phillies and lost, allowing four earned over 1.2 innings with Roy Halladay throwing a no-hitter.
Vólquez was the Reds' Opening Day starter in 2011 and finished the season 5–7 with a 5.71 ERA in 20 starts for Cincinnati. He also spent time in the minor leagues, going 4–2 with a 2.37 ERA for Triple-A Louisville.
San Diego Padres.
On December 17, 2011, Vólquez, Yonder Alonso, Yasmani Grandal, and Brad Boxberger were traded by the Reds to the San Diego Padres for Mat Latos. Vólquez was the Padres' Opening Day starter for the 2012 season, losing 5–3 to the Los Angeles Dodgers. Vólquez, along with Clayton Richard, was a mainstay of the Padres 2012 rotation, making 32 starts and pitching innings. His highlight game of the season came on July 19 when he pitched a one-hit shutout at home against the Houston Astros. Vólquez finished the season 11–11 with a 4.14 ERA. He collected 174 strikeouts, but issued a league-leading 105 walks.
Vólquez was again the Padres' Opening Day starter in 2013. On June 2, Vólquez hit his first career home run, a 3-run homer off Toronto Blue Jays pitcher Ramón Ortiz. Despite his home run, the Padres lost the game 7–4. The Padres designated Vólquez for assignment on August 24, a day after he gave up six runs while only recording two outs in a start against the Chicago Cubs. At the time, Vólquez led the NL with 95 earned runs. He was released three days later. In 27 starts for the Padres in 2013, Vólquez went 9–10 with a 6.01 ERA.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
On August 30, 2013, Vólquez signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers on a Major League contract. Vólquez appeared for the Dodgers that night, pitching one scoreless inning in relief against his former team, the Padres. He joined the Dodgers rotation soon after and made 5 starts in September for them. He was 0–2 with a 4.18 ERA for the Dodgers in 2013.
Pittsburgh Pirates.
On December 13, 2013, Vólquez signed a one-year deal worth $5 million with the Pittsburgh Pirates. Volquez experienced a career rebirth with the Pirates, going 13–7 with a 3.04 ERA and 140 strikeouts in 32 games (31 starts), pitching innings. On October 1, 2014. Vólquez started the 2014 National League Wild Card Game for the Pirates against the San Francisco Giants. Vólquez would not come through however, giving up 5 ERs, including a grand slam to Giants shortstop Brandon Crawford, in 5 innings pitched. The Pirates would go on to lose 8–0, eliminating them from the playoffs in the process. The Wild Card Game would prove to be Volquez's last game as a Pirate, as he became a free agent after the 2014 season.
Kansas City Royals.
On December 29, 2014, the Kansas City Royals announced that they had signed Vólquez to a 2-year, $20 million contract. During a game against the Chicago White Sox on April 23, 2015, Vólquez was ejected for his role in the brawl. Two days later, he was suspended five games. He had the option to appeal the suspension but dropped it on April 27, 2015, which made the suspension apply effective immediately. After finishing the regular season 13–9 with a 3.55 ERA in a career-high innings, Vólquez started Game 1 of the 2015 World Series, giving up three runs in six innings and receiving a no-decision. The Royals would go on to win, 5–4, in 14 innings. Vólquez pitched the game unaware that his father had died (his wife found out before the game and instructed the coaching staff and the press not to let Vólquez know of that until he was done pitching for the night). Vólquez got the nod to start in Game 5 against Matt Harvey, where he gave up 2 earned runs on only 2 hits in 6 innings with a no-decision. The Royals again forced the game into extra innings before defeating the Mets to win the World Series.
On June 24, 2016, Vólquez experienced one of the worst starts of his career as he allowed 12 runs (11 earned) in the first inning. He only lasted one inning as the Royals lost to the Houston Astros 13–4. On November 4, Vólquez declined his option to remain with the Royals and became a free agent.
Miami Marlins.
On November 28, 2016, Vólquez agreed to a two-year, $22 million contract with the Miami Marlins. The contract became official on December 1. On March 24, 2017, Vólquez was named the Marlins opening day starter for the 2017 season. He was credited with 7 losses and no wins in his first nine starts. He recorded his first win on May 29 in a 4–1 decision against the Philadelphia Phillies. On June 3, Volquez threw a no-hitter against the Arizona Diamondbacks at Miami's Marlins Park in a 3–0 decision. Volquez threw 98 pitches, struck out 10 and walked two batters (who were both retired on double plays), facing the minimum 27 batters. It was the sixth no hitter in Marlins history and the first since Henderson Alvarez's in 2013. It was also the first no-hitter ever to have a hit overturned by replay review. Before the game, he dedicated the game to his fallen Royals friend, Yordano Ventura, as well as fallen Marlins ace Jose Fernandez. The game took place on what would have been Ventura's 26th birthday. He was later named the NL Player of the Week for the first time in his career, pitching 15 innings allowing one run (an 0.60 ERA) and four hits with 14 strikeouts in two starts. On August 4, 2017, Volquez underwent Tommy John surgery, putting him down for the remainder of the season. Vólquez was released by the Marlins on December 13, 2017.
Texas Rangers (second stint).
On February 16, 2018, Vólquez signed a two-year minor league contract with the Texas Rangers, with the 2018 season spent recovering from Tommy John surgery.
On November 20, 2018, Vólquez was added to the Texas Rangers 40-man major league roster for the 2019 season. On April 5, 2019, Vólquez was placed on the 10-day injured list with a sprained right elbow.
Texas re-signed Vólquez to a minor league contract with an invitation to spring training on December 16, 2019.
In 2020, he made the Rangers Opening Day roster out of the bullpen. In 7 games, he was 2–1 with a 6.35 ERA in innings.
International career.
Vólquez pitched in the 2009 World Baseball Classic. He took the loss in the opening game for the Dominican Republic against the Netherlands, giving up three runs (unearned), two hits, two walks and three strikeouts in three innings pitched.
Vólquez again pitched for the eventual champion Dominican Republic in the 2013 World Baseball Classic, starting the first game in each of the three tournament rounds. He allowed 5 runs in innings and picked up the win in the semifinal game against the Netherlands.
Scouting report.
Vólquez threw 4 pitches: a low to mid-90s fastball, a two-seam fastball that also clocked in the low to mid-90s, a mid-80s changeup and a high-70s curveball. Throughout his career, Vólquez struggled with command of his pitches.
Personal life.
Vólquez makes a home in the Dominican Republic, where he spends four months during the off-season. Vólquez's father died on October 27, 2015, the same day he started Game 1 of the World Series. His wife requested that he not be informed mid-game of his father's death, so he had no knowledge of his death during his start. After pitching six innings, Vólquez exited the game and learned about the death in the clubhouse surrounded by his family.
Vólquez's brother, Brandy, was stabbed to death in the Dominican Republic on January 17, 2017.
Name issues.
When he was signed by the Rangers in 2001 at age 17, he went by the name Julio Reyes, but his name was revealed to be Edison Vólquez after an immigration crackdown in 2003. In 2007, he asked the Rangers to add an "n" to his name after checking his birth certificate to find he was born Edinson.

</doc>
<doc id="7042534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042534" title="List of Super Bowl winners">
List of Super Bowl winners



</doc>
<doc id="7042539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042539" title="Echo eggebrecht">
Echo eggebrecht



</doc>
<doc id="7042540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042540" title="Automatic self-pollination">
Automatic self-pollination



</doc>
<doc id="7042543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042543" title="Notis Sfakianakis">
Notis Sfakianakis

Panagiotis "Notis" Sfakianakis (; born 2 November 1959) is a Greek singer of folk music, and is one of the most commercially successful artists of all time in Greece and Cyprus. Sfakianakis began his career in 1985, opening at nightclubs for other artists. He was discovered by Sony Greece and released his debut album "Proti Fora" in 1991.
While his first three releases were commercially successful, beginning in the mid-1990s, Sfakianakis released a series of multi-platinum albums that rank among the best-selling of all time in Greece. His signature song "O Aetos" is one of the most popular songs in Greek music history. Sfakianakis was the best selling artist of the 1990s and stands as the best selling Greek artist of his generation. However, in the 2000s he faced a significant commercial decline.
He then embarked on the "Matomeno Dakry" album trilogy (2009–2011). He has sold over 5 million records and in addition to these he has sold over 900 thousand copies of his albums as newspaper covermounts.
Early life.
After his parents divorced, when he was seven years old, Notis Sfakianakis and his mother moved to the island of Kos. Later, his mother was relocated to Germany along with her new husband while Sfakianakis was visiting her and, at times, living with her. He raised in the island of Kos by his mother's relatives and others. His schooling ended after he finished the first grade of gymnasion (first year of lower secondary education). Notis became a disc jockey in his early 20s and helped support himself by working as a waiter and as well as with his brother-in-law (his sister's husband) as a staff in hands-on works of electrician, plumber and labourer.
In 1985 he formed a band and played in clubs in Kos. Due to their lack of success, the band broke up less than a year after being formed. In 1986 Sfakianakis moved back to Crete to start his solo singing career.
Sfakianakis is married and has two children, the family resides in Athens. In 2003, Sfakianakis had an operation on his vocal cords, leading to a two-year hiatus between his following albums, "As Milisoun Ta Tragoudia", and "Me Agapi O,ti Kaneis". His 2004 album "Me Agapi O,ti Kaneis", sonically illustrates Sfakianakis' mourning for his brother Giorgos, who died of cancer. His mother Mairi (Despina) Laoumtzi died on 27 June 2020.
Career.
Notis began opening for national acts like Poly Panou. He was discovered by Kostas Bourmas, the general manager of Sony in Greece. Bourmas signed Sfakianakis to the label, and Notis recorded his debut album "Proti Fora" (First Time) which made it into the Greek top ten. He also recorded "Opa Opa", which was written by Giorgos Alkaios, and the song charted in several countries. It was later covered by Despina Vandi and Antique in a more pop oriented manner.
He followed this with high-profile tracks such as "Den Se Hreiazome" (I Don't Need You), "Soma Mou" (My Body), "Gyftissa Mera" (Gypsy Day), "Na Hareis" (Cherish) and "Oi Skies" (Shadows).
For his second album "Eisai Ena Pistoli" (1992), he moved to Minos EMI. While his first three releases were commercially successful, beginning in the mid-1990s, Sfakianakis released a series of multi-platinum albums that are among the best selling albums of all time in Greece including: "Notioanatolitika Tou Kosmou" (1994) (Southeast of the World), which included "O Aetos" (The Eagle). This acclaimed single was the catalyst that propelled him to domestic superstardom and remains his signature song until today with 120,000–150,000 copies sold." "5o Vima" (1996) which has been recognized as the best selling album of all time in Greece with 200 thousand copies sold, "I Notes Einai 7psyhes" with 132,500 copies (265,000 units) sold, the EPs "Pro-Dia-Fimin" (1997) with 100,000 copies sold, and "Around the World" with 15,000, "XXX Enthimion" (1999), which is the best selling live album of all time in Greece in terms of unit sales with 180,000 copies (360,000 units) sold,
In November 2007, Sfakianakis released a new album, "Mnimes" (Memories). The songs which have become hits are "Ta Klemmena" (The Stolen), a grim reflection on the hardships faced by Greeks in Asia Minor, and "Par' Ta" (Take Them). In late 2009 and early 2010, after more than two years break, Sfakianakis released "Kinonikon", the first part in a proposed trilogy of seven song discs called "Matomeno Dakry". The most popular songs from "Kinonikon" are "Den Ypohoro", "Akou file" and "Mpogias". The second part, "Erotikon" was released in early 2010 and includes several successful songs, in particular "Kleinw tis kourtines", "Esti Ine O Erotas" and "Akouse Me Kala". The third part, "Horeutikon", focusing on upbeat dance songs which released in December 2010. The most popular songs are "Ellinas" and "Den Yparxeis".
"Polihroma Kai Entona" (2000) shipped 100,000 copies and "As Milisoun Ta Tragoudia" (2002) which fared similarly. His signature song "O Aetos" is one of the most popular songs in Greek music history. Sfakianakis was the best selling artist of the 1990s, and stands as the best selling Greek artist of his generation. However, in the 2000s he faced a significant commercial decline. "Me Agapi O,ti Kaneis" (2004) and "Ana...Genisis" (2005) shipped 40,000 copies each.
"Nihtes... Magikes" (2007) and "Mnimes" (2008) sold 30 thousand copies each, while the EP "Kinonia Ora 07:00" sold 15,000 thousand copies.
In November 2007, Sfakianakis released a new album, "Mnimes" (Memories). The songs which have become hits are "Ta Klemmena" (The Stolen), a grim reflection on the hardships faced by Greeks in Asia Minor, and "Par' Ta" (Take Them). In late 2009 and early 2010, after more than two years break, Sfakianakis released "Kinonikon", the first part in a proposed trilogy of seven song discs called "Matomeno Dakry". The most popular songs from "Kinonikon" are "Den Ypohoro", "Akou file" and "Mpogias". The second part, "Erotikon" was released in early 2010 and includes several successful songs, in particular "Kleinw tis kourtines", "Esti Ine O Erotas" and "Akouse Me Kala". The third part, "Horeutikon", focusing on upbeat dance songs which released in December 2010. The most popular songs are "Ellinas" and "Den Yparxeis".
He has sold over 5 million records in Greece alone and in addition to these he has sold over 900,000 copies of his albums as newspaper covermounts.
One of the more popular of his 21st century tracks is "Genethlia" (or "Gennethleia" as it was spelled when it featured on later albums and compilations). This song (the title of which translates as 'Birthday') was originally performed by Cretan lyra player and singer Stelios Mpikakis.
He is one of the most successful singers of his era in Greece.
Sfakianakis is also known for his controversial image and outspoken manner and opinions.
North American tour (2009).
In November 2009, Sfakianakis undertook his first North American tour since 1999 when he was at the peak of his career. On this tour he performed in Atlantic City, NJ, Chicago, IL, and Canada. Many in the Greek community believe that this 10-year period between Sfakianakis' last US visit was due to politically oriented comments he made during a concert during his prior visit that caused some displeasure among Greek-Americans. However, during his 2009 concert in Atlantic City, Sfakianakis expressed his gratitude to the audience for their devotion and affection over the years and wished to give them a concert that "we will all remember after 10 years". Sfakianakis made good on his word, as the crowd gave him numerous ovations during the concert.
Controversies and opinions.
Sfakianakis' interviews with the press are always memorable and controversial. He has a reputation for being very outspoken and uses the press to air his opinions on various matters. When he has appeared on live television, he has drawn praise and criticism in equal measure. On the one hand, some have praised his disarming honesty and applauded him for addressing hard-hitting issues. On the other hand, he has been heavily criticised for being argumentative and confrontational; some critics claim he lacks the capacity to be diplomatic.
In the late nineties, Sfakianakis appeared in a television interview during which he argued that cannabis should be legalised in Greece. When asked if he had ever used the drug, Sfakianakis admitted that he had been habitually smoking cannabis for the last ten years. He argued that this substance is not any more harmful than legally distributed substances such as tobacco and alcohol – while pointing out that many fatal road accidents are due to alcohol abuse.
Also in the same period, some publications were talking about tax evasion by him and other artists without providing documentation for their claims.
In an interview with greek music publication Ogdoo, he declared that one of Greece's greatest singers, Stelios Kazantzidis, used to play a role when singing, and that his singing voice was very different than his speaking voice. In the same interview he claimed that he would never sing at the Athens Concert Hall, as it is a place he reviles.
Most of the criticism he has received is a result of his highly supportive statements towards the Greek far right party, Golden Dawn, which he argued are not fascist. He specifically said that "You have to support Golden Dawn. If nothing else, it includes the dawn. The rest have only darkness." and objected to an elected political party's leader being imprisoned.
These statements caused his on-stage collaboration with Despina Vandi to end, a result of Vandi being deeply insulted, coming from an immigrant family.

</doc>
<doc id="7042552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042552" title="Absecon Public Schools">
Absecon Public Schools



</doc>
<doc id="7042554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042554" title="Automatic self pollination">
Automatic self pollination



</doc>
<doc id="7042563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042563" title="Hideyuki Kurata">
Hideyuki Kurata

 is a Japanese anime screenwriter, light novelist, and manga artist, noted for authoring the series composition of such works as "Read or Die", "Now and Then, Here and There", "Kamichu!", and "Gun Sword". He has been a member of Yōsuke Kuroda's creative group Studio Orphee since 2003, and has collaborated with Kuroda on many series, including "Hellsing Ultimate", "Drifters", and "Goblin Slayer".

</doc>
<doc id="7042565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042565" title="Automatic pollination">
Automatic pollination



</doc>
<doc id="7042567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042567" title="Automatic pollinator">
Automatic pollinator



</doc>
<doc id="7042570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042570" title="Automatic self-pollinator">
Automatic self-pollinator



</doc>
<doc id="7042575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042575" title="Abraham Saffron">
Abraham Saffron



</doc>
<doc id="7042591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042591" title="TMDR">
TMDR



</doc>
<doc id="7042602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042602" title="Explore Technologies">
Explore Technologies

Explore Technologies, Inc. was founded in Sunnyvale, California in 1995. The company was acquired by LeapFrog on July 22, 1998. The explore team produced $99 and $129 versions of the Odyssey globe released under the LeapFrog label in 1999. The NearTouch technology was then applied to the LeapPad learning platform also released in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="7042617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042617" title="Oklahoma State Highway 151">
Oklahoma State Highway 151

State Highway 151 (abbreviated SH-151 or OK-151) runs across Keystone Dam in northeastern Oklahoma. Its entire length is within Tulsa County. The route has no lettered spur routes.
SH-151 was ostensibly assigned to Keystone Dam upon its completion in 1964.
Route description.
State Highway 151 begins at a trumpet interchange with SH-51 east of Mannford. While elevated from this interchange, the highway crosses the BNSF Railway. SH-151, running north-northeast, then serves as the eastern boundary of Keystone State Park. It then runs across the top of Keystone Dam; on the west side of the dam lies Keystone Lake, while on the east side is the Arkansas River. After crossing the dam, the route ends at US-64/US-412 at another trumpet interchange, west of Sand Springs.
History.
Keystone Dam was completed in 1964. The dam was first shown as a state highway on the 1965 state highway map. No SH-151 shield was shown on this map, however; presumably it was omitted for space reasons. The highway would remain unlabeled on the official state maps until the 2008 edition.

</doc>
<doc id="7042621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042621" title="Australia's Open Garden Scheme">
Australia's Open Garden Scheme

Australia's Open Garden Scheme was a non-profit organisation that began in Victoria Australia in 1987 but closed its doors in June 2015 due to financial issues. Its aim was to promote the knowledge and pleasure of gardens and gardening across Australia. Under the scheme, private gardens opened for public viewing for one or two weekends a year. About 650 gardens were opened annually across Australia but declining numbers and competition from groups promoting their own events outside of their booklet meant that it was not viable. Each year over 275,000 adults visited open gardens, together with accompanying children. A schedule for openings across Australia was published annually.
Tamie Fraser was President of the Open Garden Scheme. Neil Robertson was the CEO and Australian Broadcasting Corporation senior executive Thomas Murrell was a director and West Australian chairman for 9 years from 1997 - 2006. His own garden, Chartwell House in Subiaco, Perth was open to the public on 18 October 1998. Murrell was also responsible for expanding the scheme into regional areas in Western Australia and started gardening at the age of 5. 
The scheme grew out of the practice in Victoria of "grand" private gardens in the hill country near Melbourne opening occasionally for public viewing for the benefit of charities. However the scheme did not limit itself to large gardens, with many normal-sized suburban gardens, and even tiny inner-city plots, included. Most openings in the southern, temperate zone occurred between October and May, while tropical gardens open during the winter months.
A nominal fee was charged for each viewing. This money was divided with 35% going to the garden owner or their nominated charity, and 65% going to the Open Garden Scheme. After funding the scheme operating costs, the remainder was given as grants to community garden projects, with over $800,000 in grants being made by the end of 2006. Additionally garden owners passed on over $3.5 million to their nominated charities since the commencement of the scheme.
In 2015 new non-for-profit organisations have sprung up to carry on some of the tradition in individual states including Open Gardens SA and Open Gardens Victoria. Both schemes aim to educate and promote the enjoyment, knowledge and benefits of gardens and gardening and are promoting a long list of garden openings from spring through to autumn each year. They have attracted good membership numbers and visitor numbers.
Unfortunately, no Open Gardens Group has formed in Sydney, but an Open Gardens group exists in the Southern Highlands of NSW, and the famous gardens of Mount Wilson are generally available for viewing all year round; Spring and Autumn are the most popular seasons. 

</doc>
<doc id="7042633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042633" title="Sheel Bhadra Yajee">
Sheel Bhadra Yajee

Sheel Bhadra Yajee (1906–1996) was an activist from Bihar who was associated with the non-violent and the violent form of the Indian independence movement.
Life.
Sheel Bhadra Yajee was born on 22 March 1906 at Bhaktiyarpur village in Patna district of Bihar. He was the only child of Shivtahal Yajee and Reshma Yajee. Bhadra's mother died when he was 10-years-old. He was then raised by Parvati, wife of his cousin Shri Kamal Yajee.
Yajee's participation in the freedom movement began in 1928 when, as a student, he attended the Calcutta Session of the Indian National Congress. He joined the Congress Socialist Party four years later and became involved in the Kisan movement. Later, he associated with Subhas Chandra Bose and Mahatma Gandhi.
In 1939, he joined Bose to found the All India Forward Bloc. He associated with the INA movement. He was arrested in 1939 and isolated at Red Fort. On October 10, 1945, Gandhi wrote to the Private Secretary to the Viceroy expressing concern that his treatment at Lal Kila, which he called "third degree methods" of physical/mental torture, were deployed and continued to be used at Lahore and were certainly used at Delhi.
For Delhi it also included some members of INA which has attempted to invade India under Subhas Chandra Bose. A "New Statesman" letter in July 1945 accused the British of placing sadists above the law, as had Germany, and that Indian prison camps witnessed physical torture that bore comparison with Nazi concentration camps at Buchenwald and Belson. Gandhi forwarded Yajee's account (which was reported in the press across the country) of his four months at the Red Fort in 1943 under the control of military authorities. The letter described a 10 by 10 foot cell without natural light, infested with insect. It was like "living in a burning hell and a land of living dead", forty-five days of solitary confinement and "relentless and merciless" interrogation by Intelligence Department Staff who ... sought information on Congress sabotage, Japanese collaborators and Bose's activities." However, the said claims were refuted on point of fact.
Gandhiji had taken up Torture of Sheel Bhadra Yajee, Prabhudayal Vidyarthi and Ram Manohar Lohia at Red Fort with British Authorities. These cases are discussed in detail in book "South Asian Governmentalities", page 125 onwards, edited by Stephen Legg, Deana Heath. 
Yajee opposed caste prejudices and other social evils. He believed in the active participation of the peasants, workers and the middle classes in the struggle for the transformation of society. He was a member of the Rajya Sabha from 27 April 1957 to 2 April 1958, 3 April 1958 to 2 April 1964, and 3 April 1966 to 2 April 1972.
Yajee authored "A Glimpse of the Indian Labour Movement", "Forward Bloc and Its Stand", "Is Socialism a Necessity to India", and "True Face of Monopolistic American Democracy". The government of India issued a commemorative stamp of him on 28 January 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="7042651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042651" title="Manchouli">
Manchouli



</doc>
<doc id="7042666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042666" title="Walk-off home-run">
Walk-off home-run



</doc>
<doc id="7042673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042673" title="Inclusion-cell disease">
Inclusion-cell disease



</doc>
<doc id="7042679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042679" title="Group 3 Rugby League">
Group 3 Rugby League

Group 3 is a rugby league competition on the north coast of New South Wales, run under the auspices of the Country Rugby League. The Group 3 area runs from Kempsey in the north to Forster in the south.
History.
The league began in 1946, with Taree Old Bar winning the first ever premiership. At the time, this league was known as Group 18. In 1966, the boundaries were re-drawn to include three new clubs (Camden Haven, Port Macquarie, and Wauchope) and the group's name was changed to Group 3.
In 1995, Port Macquarie and Wauchope joined Group 2 in another re-zoning, with teams from Group 3 Saturday League joining the competition. In 2003, Port City RLFC joined the competition on loan from Group 2. In 2004, Wauchope re-joined the league after departing at the end of the 1994 season.
The current First Grade premiers are the Old Bar Beach Pirates.
The 2020 Group 3 competition was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia. Junior competitions were postponed, eventually commencing in July. The highest age group competition winners were Wingham Tigers (Under 18 boys) and Port Macquarie Sharks (Under 17 Ladies League Tag).
Teams.
The following clubs field teams in the Group 3 First Grade competition.
Premierships.
First Grade.
Separate teams in 1946, Forster and Tuncurry combined as Cape Hawke in 1947, then played as Foster-Tuncurry from 1953. 
Group 3.
"Source: Group 3 History"
"Grand Final scores compiled from results published in the Rugby League Week."
Leaderboard.
Bold indicates active club
"(Correct as of 28 September 2020)"
Juniors.
Junior Clubs

</doc>
<doc id="7042681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042681" title="Rick Arrington">
Rick Arrington

Richard Cameron Arrington (February 26, 1947 – September 7, 2021) was an American professional football player who was a quarterback for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL). He played three seasons for the Eagles from 1970 to 1973. He played college football at Georgia and Tulsa.
Arrington was born in Charlotte, North Carolina, the son of Hazel (née Cameron; 1925–2013) and Richard Adler Arrington Jr. (1911–1977). Counted amongst the Arrington family's notable ancestors is William Farrar, a gentleman farmer.
Arrington was the father of former ESPN college football sideline reporter Jill Arrington and the grandfather of actresses Dakota and Elle Fanning. After 35 years of symptoms, Arrington was diagnosed with Stage IV CTE after he died. He was one of at least 345 NFL players to be diagnosed after death with this disease, which is caused by repeated hits to the head.

</doc>
<doc id="7042688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042688" title="US military chocolate">
US military chocolate



</doc>
<doc id="7042690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042690" title="Danielle Melnick">
Danielle Melnick

Danielle Rose Melnick is a fictional character on the NBC crime drama "Law &amp; Order." She is portrayed by the actress Tovah Feldshuh. She made her first appearance on the show as Melnick in 1991, although Feldshuh had already appeared in an earlier 1991 episode entitled "Aria", where she plays a character very similar to Melnick but is a probate lawyer, not a litigator, and is unnamed.
Melnick is a New York City–based defense attorney with a practice spanning more than 20 years. She is portrayed as a well-established, high-profile litigator, regularly going up against the toughest, most powerful prosecutors in the New York City District Attorney's office. Her role in the "Law &amp; Order" universe has been as a foil for Ben Stone (Michael Moriarty) and Jack McCoy (Sam Waterston). She has had an affectionately competitive friendship with the latter since the early days of their careers.
Melnick is dedicated to her job and is often shown to be a thorn in the side of the DA's office. Much like the character McCoy, she is so zealous in her job that she will bend (but never break) trial laws to win a case, and sometimes risks being put in contempt of court for antagonizing a judge.
Apparently The series has revealed nothing about her personal life except that she is Jewish.
In the 2002 episode "Open Season," she is very nearly disbarred and murdered in a case where she is representing a white supremacist accused of murdering a defense attorney. After the trial judge prohibits her client from receiving mail, she—angry about the decision—passes along an address to one of the man's associates, after he assures her that it will produce evidence that can clear him. Unbeknownst to her, however, it is actually the address of one of the terrorist's intended targets, who is soon murdered. She is arrested and charged as an accessory. She is horrified by what her client has done but refuses to break attorney–client privilege, even if it means she will go to prison.
McCoy, reluctant to prosecute his old friend, ends up saving her by lying to the terrorist, telling him that Melnick had confessed to unwittingly helping him and that he would go to prison for life unless he admitted that she had not known what he was going to do with the information. Melnick is cleared of all charges but is shot soon after by one of her former client's followers. She recovers a few episodes later and returns to her practice.
In 2011, Melnick appeared in the "" finale "To the Boy In the Blue Knit Cap" on June 26, now specializing in real estate law.
Feldshuh appeared in the inaugural episode of "Chicago Justice", "Fake," on March 1, 2017, portraying Melnick as a judge.

</doc>
<doc id="7042707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042707" title="Yarrumundi">
Yarrumundi



</doc>
<doc id="7042712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042712" title="Yellomundee">
Yellomundee



</doc>
<doc id="7042714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042714" title="U.S. military chocolate">
U.S. military chocolate



</doc>
<doc id="7042737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042737" title="The Original Sheik">
The Original Sheik



</doc>
<doc id="7042743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042743" title="Stato della Chiesa">
Stato della Chiesa



</doc>
<doc id="7042753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042753" title="Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail">
Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail

Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited (ABFRL) is an Indian fashion retail company headquartered in Mumbai. It emerged after the consolidation of the branded apparel businesses of Aditya Birla Nuvo Limited (ABNL), comprising ABNL's Madura Fashion division and ABNL's subsidiaries Pantaloons Fashion and Retail (PFRL) and Madura Fashion &amp; Lifestyle (MFL), in May 2015. Post consolidation, PFRL was renamed Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Ltd.
History.
Madura Garments was established in 1988, acquired by the Aditya Birla Group in 1999 and was renamed Madura Fashion &amp; Lifestyle in 2010.
The garment activities of group holding company Aditya Birla Nuvo and another group entity, Madura Garments Lifestyle Retail, would be demerged into listed firm Pantaloons Fashion &amp; Retail Ltd (PFRL) under the scheme of arrangement. Madura owns and retails brands such as Louis Philippe, Van Heusen, Allen Solly, Peter England
In 2012, Aditya Birla Nuvo acquired major stakes in Pantaloons. In 2015, Pantaloons was renamed Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Ltd. (ABFRL).
ABFRL acquired the Jaypore brand and bought 51% stake in Finesse International Design that runs the designer wear label Shantanu &amp; Nikhil in 2019.
In 2020, Flipkart acquired a 7.8% stake in ABFRL for 1,500 crore.
In 2021, ABFRL entered into an agreement to buy a 51% stake in the designer brand Sabyasachi. Later that year, ABFRL entered into a partnership with designer Tarun Tahiliani. ABFRL also partnered with Authentic Brands Group to take on Reebok's operations in India. In January 2022, ABFRL acquired 51% stake in House of Masaba Lifestyle.
In December 2021, ABFRL experienced a data breach carried out by ShinyHunters, whose ransom demand was allegedly rejected. Subsequently, customer information including 5.4 million unique email addresses, names, phone numbers, physical addresses, order histories and passwords stored as MD5 hashes was dumped publicly on a hacking forum.
In April 2024, ABFRL's subsidiary Madura Fashion &amp; Lifestyle demerged into a separate public listed entity.
In May 2024, ABFRL acquired an additional stake in its subsidiary Indivinity Clothing Retail Private Limited (ICRPL) which increased ABFRL's holding from 80% to 85.54%.
Operations.
As on 31 March 2024, ABFRL has a network of 4,664 stores, apart from being present in multi-brand outlets. ABFRL's brands include Louis Philippe, Van Heusen, Allen Solly and Peter England, established over 25 years. Pantaloons brands caters to men, women and children with a mix of private labels and licensed brands in apparel and accessories.
Its international brands include The Collective. It has exclusive partnerships with brands such as Ralph Lauren, Hackett London, Ted Baker, Fred Perry, Forever 21, American Eagle, Reebok, Simon Carter and Galeries Lafayette.
Its ethnic wear brands include Jaypore, Tasva &amp; Marigold Lane. The company has strategic partnerships with Designers ‘Shantnu &amp; Nikhil’, ‘Tarun Tahiliani', ‘Sabyasachi’ and 'House of Masaba'.
In September 2023, it completed the acquisition of a 51% stake in TCNS Clothing Co. Ltd, a women’s branded ethnic apparel company that includes brands W, Aurelia, Wishful, Elleven &amp; Folksong.

</doc>
<doc id="7042779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042779" title="Schmidt-Rubin M1911">
Schmidt-Rubin M1911



</doc>
<doc id="7042786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042786" title="The Horn of Mortal Danger">
The Horn of Mortal Danger

The Horn of Mortal Danger is a 1980 novel by British musician Lawrence Leonard. It relates the adventures of a brother and sister as they discover a secret civilisation buried beneath the streets of London. It is a 'classical' children's fantasy.
Plot summary.
Simon ("Widgie") and Jen Widgeon are innocently exploring the abandoned Highgate rail tunnel near their home when they discover a hidden gateway halfway along it. Through this, they find their way to a little old-fashioned railway station. 
At first the tunnels seem deserted. However, as Jen wanders down the tunnel to explore, the Railwaymen emerge and capture Widgie. Jen, in her turn, discovers an underground canal, complete with a little steamboat, which the railway crosses through a retractable bridge. Men emerge from the boat and take her captive.
It quickly becomes apparent that Widgie and Jen have become caught up in an entire underground civilisation, which the North London System had kept secret for centuries from the world above. Two civilisations, in fact, seemingly perpetually at war. The siblings' arrival becomes the catalyst for a climactic battle between the Railwaymen and the Canallers. 
Widgie manages to escape and rescues Jen, and the realisation of the threat they pose should they escape aboveground and expose the System forces the Railwaymen and the Canallers to set aside their differences for the time being, to collaborate in an effort to recapture them. In the course of the battle giant rats, kept imprisoned in a blocked-up tunnel, are released and proceed to spread through the whole system. As Widgie and Jen escape into the Post Office Railway, it appears that the entire civilisation is on the verge of disintegration under the assault from the rats.
Structure.
It is worth noting that, seemingly in imitation of "The Lord of the Rings" (1937 and 1949). Leonard includes appendices relating the aftermath of the story underground, in which the Railwaymen and Canal Folk discuss the joint threats of the children and the rats, and giving a short history of the North London System (and suggesting that similar societies exist beneath many major cities, at least in England). It also includes two short "Interludes", set aboveground, concerning the search for the missing children.
Allusions/references to actual history, geography and current science.
Leonard's secondary world is unusual as a result of the fact that it overlaps with the primary one and is separated from it, it seems, through nothing stronger than blind luck. Uniquely among such fantasies, Leonard never employs magic, and indeed seems at pains to explain how his underground System works. There are no women seen underground, nor any apparent means to produce food to support the Undergrounders, but rather than hoping his readers will not notice this (as the children do), he explains very concisely the why and how of this in a throwaway manner near the beginning. 
The technology of railways and canals is borrowed from observation of the Aboveground world, but the System is conservative and usually does not adopt new things very quickly. They have no electricity, though the Railway is reportedly looking into the matter. The children finally make their escape through an Observation Shaft, similar to the one they entered through, which leads into the Post Office Railway, and is used to study the operation of electric trains.
In the story, the System had existed for centuries before the Tube, and it is mentioned in the second Appendix that the beginning of construction of the Tube caused the Undergrounders considerable alarm, although tempered by pride that the Abovegrounders were (seemingly) imitating them for a change.
The key clue to the location of the System is the River Fleet, diverted underground in the eighteenth century. It serves as the spine of the canal network and the setting for one of the most dramatic scenes in the book, as both the train (with Widgie on board) and the boat (with Jen) race against time to reach and pass a bridge over it as the river becomes swollen and flooded. 
Several locations (King's Cross, Paddington, Camden Lock) are named after real-world locations, and it appears from the map in the book that these are intended to be very near their real-world locations: the System incorporates the area roughly bounded on the surface by Muswell Hill to the north, Tottenham and Islington to the east, Paddington and Oxford Street to the south and Finchley Road to the west. The southern part of this area includes the River Fleet, which drains southwards into the Thames.

</doc>
<doc id="7042791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042791" title="Mango (group)">
Mango (group)

Mango is a popular Lithuanian girl trio. Created in 1998, it immediately had hits with the covers "Pavasariniai žiedai" ("Spring Blossoms") and "Svetimi" ("Strangers"). During its ten-year career Mango released 12 albums that collectively sold some 310,000 copies. It was recognized as the Band of the Year by Radiocentras Awards (2000 and 2001) and by Bravo Awards (2000).
The group was created and produced by brothers Mindaugas and Gintaras Bendžius. Members of the group Rima Petrauskytė, Viktorija (Vika) Perminaitė and Asta Bridikytė were selected after a special competition, organised by Bendžius brothers and composer Žilvinas Liulys. In 2004, Bridikytė left the group and was replaced by Lina Kaklytė. The band announced its retirement in 2007 with a release of the third compilation of its best songs and a good-bye tour across Lithuania, including special appearances for Lithuanian communities in England, Ireland, and United States, with the final concert on March 31, 2008 in Šiauliai Arena. They came back from retirement in 2014 with two new group members. In 2016, Justina Jančiauskaitė left the group and was replaced by Justina Dovydenė
Discography.
The group released the following albums:

</doc>
<doc id="7042808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042808" title="Matt Cockbain">
Matt Cockbain

Matt Cockbain (born 19 September 1972) is an Australian rugby union football coach and a former international player. He played over 60 tests for the national team, the Wallabies including winning the 1999 Rugby World Cup. Cockbain was an assistant coach to the Fijian national team on their 2014 end-of-year tour, and the forwards coach at the Melbourne Rebels from 2012 to 2014.
Cockbain began his professional career with the Queensland Reds in 1995. He made his debut for Australia in 1997 at Brisbane in a Test match against France. After a short stint with the Cardiff Blues in 2004, he played with World Corporation in Japan from 2004 to 2006 before returning to Australia to play for the Melbourne Rebels (ARC) team in the Australian Rugby Championship in 2007. He was called up as an injury standby for the 2007 Wallaby World Cup squad.
His brother, Brent Cockbain, played rugby union for Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="7042815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042815" title="Emperor Norton in Popular Culture">
Emperor Norton in Popular Culture



</doc>
<doc id="7042820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042820" title="Pietro Germi">
Pietro Germi

Pietro Germi (; 14 September 1914 – 5 December 1974) was an Italian film director, screenwriter, and actor, noted for his development of the neorealist and genres. 
His 1961 film "Divorce Italian Style" earned him a Best Original Screenplay Oscar and a Best Director nomination at the 35th Academy Awards. Seven of his films competed at the Cannes Film Festival, with his 1966 comedy "The Birds, the Bees and the Italians" winning the .
Biography.
He studied acting and directing at Rome's Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia. During his time in school, Germi supported himself by working as an extra, bit actor, assistant director, and, on occasion, writer. Germi made his directorial debut in 1945 with the film "Il testimone". His early work, this film included, were very much in the Italian neorealist style; many were social dramas that dealt with contemporary issues pertaining to people of Sicilian heritage.
Through the years, Germi shifted away from social drama towards satirical comedies, but retained his loved element of the Sicilian people. In the 1960s, Germi received worldwide success with the films "Divorce Italian Style", "Seduced and Abandoned", and "The Birds, the Bees and the Italians". He was nominated for Academy Awards in both directing and writing for "Divorce Italian Style", and, subsequently, won in the writing category. He also won the Grand Prize at the Cannes Film Festival for "The Birds, the Bees and the Italians". His 1968 film "Serafino" won the Golden Prize at the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
Germi collaborated on the scripts for all the films he directed and appeared as an actor in a few of them. He died in Rome of hepatitis on 5 December 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="7042824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042824" title="NITJ">
NITJ



</doc>
<doc id="7042834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042834" title="Villa Medici at Careggi">
Villa Medici at Careggi

The Villa Medici at Careggi is a patrician villa in the hills near Florence, Tuscany, central Italy. It is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site inscribed as Medici Villas and Gardens in Tuscany.
History.
The villa was among the first of a number of Medici villas, notable as the site of the Platonic Academy founded by Cosimo de' Medici, who died at the villa in 1464. Like most villas of Florentine families, the villa remained a working farm that helped render the family self-sufficient. Cosimo's architect there, as elsewhere, was Michelozzo, who remodelled the fortified villa which had something of the character of a castello. Its famous garden is walled about, like a medieval garden, overlooked by the upper-storey loggias, with which Michelozzo cautiously opened up the villa's structure. Michelozzo's Villa Medici in Fiesole has a more outward-looking, Renaissance character.
The property was purchased in 1417 by Cosimo de' Medici brother, Lorenzo. At the death of Giovanni di Bicci, Cosimo il Vecchio set about remodelling the beloved villa around its loggia-enclosed central courtyard. His grandson Lorenzo extended the terraced gardens and the shaded "boschi".
Marsilio Ficino, who died at the villa in 1499, was a central member of the Platonic Academy. Lorenzo de' Medici died at the villa in 1492, after which it was ignored for a time until about 1615, when Cardinal Carlo de' Medici undertook extensive projects to remodel the interior, and bring the garden up to date.
The villa property was purchased from the Lorraine heirs of the Medici in 1779 by Vincenzo Orsi; the Orsi heirs sold it to an Englishman, Francis Sloane, in 1848: Sloane planted exotics in the landscape: Cedar of Lebanon and Himalayan cedars, Californian sequoias, arbutus from the eastern Mediterranean and palms, which give the grounds their feeling of an arboretum. Today the villa belongs to the Tuscan public administration.
It is currently in the process of restoration and is still closed to the public as of December 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="7042838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042838" title="Carry On (Crosby, Stills, Nash &amp; Young album)">
Carry On (Crosby, Stills, Nash &amp; Young album)

Carry On is a compilation album by Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash, issued on Atlantic Records in 1991, generally for the European and Australian markets. It is a two-disc sampler of their four-disc box set, "CSN", released two months previously in the United States and the United Kingdom. It features material spanning 1968 through 1990 from their catalogue of recordings as a group in addition to selections from Crosby &amp; Nash, Manassas, and their individual solo albums. It was reissued on 30 June 1998 on the WEA International record label. This compilation should not be confused with the Stephen Stills box set of the same name released in 2013.
Content.
Where the box set is a more comprehensive overview, this one focuses on previously unreleased tracks, hits, and favorites. Of its 36 tracks, 13 had been unreleased previously, and nine contain all of the group's Top 40 hits from the "Billboard" Hot 100. The group's some-time partner Neil Young appears on eight tracks, including his own songs "Helpless" and "Ohio". The previously-unreleased material includes studio recordings by the full quartet of "Helplessly Hoping" (originally released by the trio), "Taken at All" (originally by Crosby &amp; Nash), and "The Lee Shore" (previously available only live). The set also includes both the demo of "You Don't Have to Cry", the first recording they made as Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash, and the three tracks from their most recent studio album as of 1991 that are also on the box set.
The original recordings were produced by David Crosby, Stephen Stills, Graham Nash, and Neil Young, with assistance from Howard Albert, Ron Albert, Stanley Johnston, and Paul Rothchild. Audio engineers on the original recordings include Stephen Barncard, Larry Cox, Russ Gary, Don Gooch, Steve Gursky, Bill Halverson, David Hassinger, Andy Johns, and Jim Mitchell. The original masters were recorded at the following studios: Devonshire Sound Studio, Wally Heider Studios, The Record Plant, Rudy Recorders, the Sound Lab, Sunset Sound, Sunwest Studio, and Village Recorders in Los Angeles; United Studio in Hollywood; The Record Plant in New York City; Wally Heider Studios, His Master's Wheels, and Rudy Recorders in San Francisco; Criteria Sound Studios in Miami; Island Studios in London; and Stephen Stills' late 1960s home in Laurel Canyon. The selections were compiled for this set by Crosby, Stills, Nash, Gerry Tolman, and Yves Beauvais, with additional research by Joel Bernstein.
Track listing.
"An asterisk (*) indicates a live recording, two asterisks (**) a previously unreleased mix, (†) a previously unreleased version, and (‡) a previously unreleased song."

</doc>
<doc id="7042851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042851" title="Ox-Herding Pictures">
Ox-Herding Pictures



</doc>
<doc id="7042863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042863" title="Ox Herding Pictures">
Ox Herding Pictures



</doc>
<doc id="7042867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042867" title="Carry On (CSN album)">
Carry On (CSN album)



</doc>
<doc id="7042873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042873" title="Ken Griffey Junior">
Ken Griffey Junior



</doc>
<doc id="7042880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042880" title="Parinibbāna">
Parinibbāna



</doc>
<doc id="7042944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042944" title="Joey and the Actors's Studio">
Joey and the Actors's Studio



</doc>
<doc id="7042968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042968" title="Austin E. Lathrop">
Austin E. Lathrop

Austin Eugene "Cap" Lathrop (October 5, 1865July 26, 1950) was an American politician, industrialist, and outspoken opponent of Alaskan statehood. He has been called "Alaska's first home-grown millionaire."
Early life.
"Cap" Lathrop was born in 1865 in Lapeer County, Michigan to Eugene Lathrop and Susan (Sarah) Miriah Parsons Lathrop. He was expelled from school in the ninth grade for damages caused when he tampered with a water heater. He is a descendant of Reverend John Lathrop (1584-1653) of Barnstable, Mass. (ancestors of Austin are, Eugene, Horace, Abiel, Benjamin, Israel, Samuel, son of John Lathrop.
After the Great Seattle Fire of 1889, Lathrop moved to that city and worked for a time as a contractor. He made plans to settle in Anacortes, but the Panic of 1893 disrupted his business and he was forced to return to Seattle. In 1895, he purchased a steam ship, the "L.J. Perry", and embarked on a new venture, transporting goods to the Territory of Alaska. Once the Klondike Gold Rush started, business picked up, and soon he was transporting both prospectors and the goods that they required.
Alaska.
Lathrop married a widow, Mrs. Cosby McDowell of Seattle in a 1901 ceremony in Valdez, Alaska, where Lathrop had taken up residence. This was the first wedding in the history of Valdez. It was her third marriage, and she was a very popular socialite among the Alaskan crowd who knew her. Mrs. McDowell Lathrop and her daughter relocated to Seattle in 1909 for health reasons. She died there in 1910 from paresis (complications of syphilis) in a house built for her by Lathrop, and was cared for 24 hours/day by a Dr. Loughery, who was hired for the task by Lathrop, until her death. The house became known as Washington State's first "psychiatric hospital", and Loughery went on to manage Western State Hospital at Steilacoom and Northern State Hospital at Sedro Woolley.
In 1902, Lathrop's California-Alaska Mining and Development Company set up a camp at the mouth of the Kluvesna River, and in 1903, Lathrop drilled unsuccessfully for oil in Cold Bay.
Lathrop moved to Cordova in 1908, and was elected mayor in 1911. That same year he converted a clothing store into a movie theater, "The Empress". He went on to construct Empress movie theaters in Anchorage (1916) and Fairbanks (1927), as well as the Lacey Street Theater (Fairbanks, 1936–1940) and the Fourth Avenue Theatre (Anchorage, 1941–1947; construction was interrupted by World War II). From 1920 to 1922, Lathrop served in the Alaska Territorial House of Representatives. In 1924, he produced "The Chechahcos", the first feature-length film shot entirely in Alaska.
Lathrop moved to Fairbanks, and in 1929, purchased the "Fairbanks Daily News-Miner". In 1937, he began work on the building that would house KFAR, Fairbanks's first radio station licensed under the Communications Act of 1934. The call-letters formed an acronym for "Key for Alaska's Riches". KFAR made its inaugural broadcast on October 1, 1939. In 1948, Lathrop opened his second radio station, KENI in Anchorage.
In 1932, Lathrop became a member of the Board of Trustees of the Alaska Agricultural College and the School of Mines. In 1935, the college's name was changed to the University of Alaska. The Board of Trustees became the Board of Regents. Lathrop would continue to serve in this position until his death.
Death.
On July 26, 1950, Lathrop was killed in an accident when he was struck by a railroad car in the yard of his Suntrana coal plant. He was buried at Forest Lawn Cemetery in West Seattle.

</doc>
<doc id="7042979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042979" title="Mount Kadam">
Mount Kadam

Mount Kadam, is near the east border of Karamoja, Uganda with Kenya and has an approximate elevation of . It is just north of Mount Elgon. It was first climbed by Sailesh Kadam, the mountain's namesake.
During the colonial period Mount Kadam was known as Debasien.
Demographics.
Speakers of the moribund Soo language live on the slopes of Mount Kadam.

</doc>
<doc id="7042982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042982" title="Cultural Heritage Centre for Asia and the Pacific">
Cultural Heritage Centre for Asia and the Pacific

The Cultural Heritage Centre for Asia and the Pacific (CHCAP) undertakes research into issues of cultural heritage protection in Asia and the Pacific, including Australia. Based in the Faculty of Arts and Education at Deakin University Melbourne, the Centre is closely connected with UNESCO, including its World Heritage Centre and especially its Asia Pacific Regional Office in Bangkok, Thailand. The Centre is also a member of Forum UNESCO, the Asian Academy for Heritage Management and AusHeritage. The Cultural Heritage Centre's Director is Assoc Prof Andrea Witcomb, with distinguished Centre staff including Professor William Logan, UNESCO Chair in Heritage and Urbanism and Alfred Deakin Professor.

</doc>
<doc id="7042983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042983" title="Finland Plot">
Finland Plot

In Thai politics, the Finland Plot, Finland Plan, Finland Strategy, Finland Conspiracy or Finland Declaration (, ) are names of a controversial conspiracy theory espoused by Sondhi Limthongkul and supporters affiliated with the People's Alliance for Democracy (PAD) in 2006 describing a plot allegedly developed by Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra and former left-wing student leaders to overthrow the former Thai monarch, take control of the nation, and establish a communist state. The plot allegedly originated in Finland.
The allegations damaged the popularity of Thaksin and his government, despite the fact that no evidence was ever produced to verify the existence of a plot. Thaksin and his Thai Rak Thai (TRT) party vehemently denied the accusations and sued the accusers. The leaders of the 2006 military coup claimed Thaksin's alleged disloyalty as one of their rationales for seizing power.
Background.
Protests against Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra increased throughout 2005 and 2006 due to a variety of factors, including his April 2005 appearance at a merit-making ceremony at the Temple of the Emerald Buddha, the September 2005 cancellation of Sondhi Limthongkul's Muangthai Raisabdah television show, Thaksin's November 2005 plan to give local communities control of public schools, Thaksin's sale of Shin Corporation in January 2006, and Thaksin's alleged role in the March 2006 destruction of the Phra Phrom Erawan shrine. 
Conspiracy theory.
In May 2006, on the eve of King Bhumibol Adulyadej's 60th anniversary celebrations, the Sondhi Limthongkul-owned "Manager Daily" newspaper published the details of what it called the "Finland Plan," "Finland Declaration," or "Finland Strategy." The articles claimed that Thaksin and former student leaders of Thailand's 1970s democratic movement met in Finland in 1999 to develop a plan to institute rule by a single party, overthrow the monarchy and establish a republic, and hold elections for provincial governors. The 5-part article was titled "Finland Strategy: Thailand's Revolution Plan?" was written by Pramote Nakhonthap and appeared on 17, 19, 22, 23 and 24 May 2006. Thaksin's alleged co-conspirators apparently included Thai Rak Thai party members Prommin Lertsuridej (Secretary-General to the Premier), Chaturon Chaisaeng (Deputy Prime Minister), Surapong Suebwonglee (Minister of Information and Communications Technology), Adisorn Piangket (Former Deputy Science Minister), Sutham Saengprathum (Deputy Interior Minister), and Phumtham Wechayachai (Deputy Transport Minister), all of whom had been affiliated with the Communist Party of Thailand following the massacre of 6 October 1976.
The allegations were taken up by several prominent critics, including leaders of the People's Alliance for Democracy, constitution drafter Chai-anan Samudavanija, Senator Sophon Supapong, writer Pramote Nakornthab, and Democrat leader Thaworn Senniam.
None of the accusers provided any evidence to back up their allegations. Sondhi noted that his source was a Thai Rak Thai worker who had recently "defected."
Variations and denials.
Variations of the original theory were also proposed, including the claim that the plot involved overseas groups intent on overthrowing the Chakri dynasty, the claim that media consolidation was a core component of the conspiracy, the claim that the Plan was aimed at maintaining a constitutional monarchy while reducing the powers of the monarch to a mere figurehead, and the claim that a law designed to further decentralize central administrative power to the Thai provinces, and the claim that Thaksin wanted to establish a government based on the model of western democracies.
Another variation claimed that Thaksin's co-conspirators were former members of the Communist Party of Thailand including Deputy Transport Minister Phumtham Wechayachai and had applied a theory of orthodox Marxism to map out the TRT strategy to promote capitalism. This variation claimed that Thailand during the 1970s was still a semi-feudal society and needed to become a capitalist society as part of the transition to socialism. The communists then worked with Thaksin to fully develop Thailand's capitalist economic system, destroy all remnants of feudalism, and privatize state-owned assets, while at the same time establishing a single-party dictatorship, all in order to create a socialist dictatorship.
The allegations were roundly denied by Thaksin Shinawatra and the leadership of his Thai Rak Thai party, including Surapong Suebwonglee and Prommin Lertsuridej. 
On 30 May, Thaksin Shinawatra and Thana Benjathikul, a lawyer from the Thai Rak Thai party, sued Sondhi, editor Khunthong Lorserivanich, columnist Pramote Nakhonthap, executive Saowalak Thiranujanyong, and webmaster Panjapat Angkhasuwan for libel. The lawsuit alleged that the articles were intended to ruin Thai Rak Thai and Thaksin's political future by making the public believe the party was planning to overturn the constitutional monarchy. Thaksin's lawsuit attracted criticism and claims that Thaksin was trying to censor the media.
Impact of the allegations.
The allegations damaged the popularity of Thaksin and his government. Thaksin was forced to expend a significant amount of time and political capital on damage control, explaining his position and swearing his loyalty to the monarchy.
In an editorial, the influential anti-Thaksin newspaper "The Nation" noted:
"The Nation" noted that the actual existence of the Plot was not important—the mere invocation of royalty would be enough to damage the Thai Rak Thai party. Many commentators noted the similarity between the Finland Plot allegations and the allegations used justify the massacre of students on 6 October 1976, which in the context of the Thailand political crisis, might justify a military coup. The Thai military eventually successfully executed a coup against the Thaksin government on 19 September 2006. One of the junta's stated rationales for the coup was that Thaksin had insulted the King.

</doc>
<doc id="7042999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7042999" title="Taylor Hamilton (The Bold and the Beautiful)">
Taylor Hamilton (The Bold and the Beautiful)



</doc>
<doc id="7043007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043007" title="Highland, Maryland">
Highland, Maryland

Highland is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Howard County, Maryland, United States. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 1,133. It uses the 20777 zip code.
Geography.
The community is located in southern Howard County at the junction of Highland Road, Maryland Route 216 and Maryland Route 108, and is still heavily influenced by its agrarian history; farms and horse fields are common in the area. The crossroads itself has a small-town feel, with various shops including some that share in the town history. Clarksville is to the north on MD 108, Laurel is to the southeast on MD 216, and Olney is to the west on MD 108. The center of Columbia is to the northeast.
The crossroads.
As a rural crossroads, many of its community members took it upon themselves to maintain the historical sites and feel of the hamlet by founding the Greater Highland Crossroads Association (GHCA) in 2002. In 2014, the Crossroads were placed on the Preserve Howard top ten most endangered list due to current DPZ plans. They are marked by four signs.
History.
The majority of the downtown Highland district is situated within the land grant named "Hickory Ridge". The Rouse Company borrowed the land grant name for one of its nearby villages of Columbia, built in 1974. The historic "White Hall" or "Hickory Ridge" estate (1749) was owned by the Ridgely, Hopkins and Disney families. One of the earliest businesses at the crossroads was Well's tavern, founded by Richard Wells in 1759. This was replaced with a wheelwright's shop by Joshua B. Disney in 1842. The same year, William Wall opened a general store and post office, giving the crossroads the short-lived name of "Walls Crossroads" before another name change of the post office on December 2, 1878, to "Highland" to reflect the town's elevation in Howard County. The County Commissioners added Hall Shop Road on the southern side of the community in 1877. The town did not receive direct rail service, but was only nine miles away from the B&amp;O railroad in Laurel, Maryland using the rolling road now known as Route 216.
A literary club formed in Highland in the late 19th century; J. B. Warfield in describing the Highland of 1904 refers to it as the "literary center of the county".
Highland played several important roles in U.S. history. The town is believed to have hosted meetings of anti-British men who influenced the 1774 burning of the "Peggy Stewart" in Annapolis, the year after the Boston Tea Party protest. Well's Tavern (now the Kitty Bed and Breakfast) was the primary meeting place of a group of Northern sympathizers in the Civil War.
The Virginia Hardy Boarding School provided classes for students during the turn of the century.
In 2015, the group Preservation Howard County placed the crossroads on its top 10 most endangered site list.

</doc>
<doc id="7043033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043033" title="Heavenly Pop Hits">
Heavenly Pop Hits



</doc>
<doc id="7043036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043036" title="Mala Zimetbaum">
Mala Zimetbaum

Malka Zimetbaum, also known as "Mala" Zimetbaum or "Mala the Belgian" (26 January 1918 – 15 September 1944), was a Belgian woman of Polish Jewish descent, known for her escape from the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp. She is also remembered for her lifesaving acts in favor of other prisoners during her captivity at Auschwitz and for the resistance she displayed at her execution following her being recaptured, when she tried committing suicide before the guards were able to execute her, then slapped the guard who tried to stop her, before eventually being killed. She was the first woman to escape from Auschwitz.
Early life and deportation.
Mala Zimetbaum was born in Brzesko, Poland in 1918, the youngest of five children to Pinhas and Chaya Zimetbaum. At age ten in 1928, she moved with her family to Antwerp, Belgium. In school as a child, she excelled in mathematics and was fluent in several languages. She left school to work in a diamond factory after her father became blind.
At age 24, she was either captured by Germans on July 22, 1942 or arrested during the third Antwerp raid of 11–12 September 1942. She was first sent to the Dossin Barracks "sammellager" in the Mechelen transit camp. Then on 15 September 1942 she was put aboard (Belgian) Transport 10 bound for the Auschwitz concentration camp, where she arrived two days later. After the initial "Selektion" she was sent on to the women's camp at Birkenau. 
Camp life.
Zimetbaum spent nearly two years in Auschwitz-Birkenau as camp inmate number 19880. Due to her proficiency in languages – Dutch, French, German, Italian, English, and Polish – she was assigned work as an interpreter and courier. Other sources state that she was also fluent in Yiddish. In his book "The Drowned and the Saved", Auschwitz survivor Primo Levi said, "In Birkenau she acted as an interpreter and messenger and as such enjoyed a certain freedom of movement."
Although she had a relatively privileged position, Zimetbaum played an active part in the camp's underground and devoted herself to helping other inmates. Levi said that Zimetbaum "was generous and courageous; she had helped many of her companions and was loved by all of them." She interceded to have inmates sent to easier work when she suspected they were not fit for harder labor. She also warned prisoners of coming selections in the infirmary, encouraging them to leave to save their lives. She sneaked photographs that inmates' relatives had sent, out of the files and to the inmates as they were not allowed to have them in the camp. Zimetbaum also got food and medicine for people in need.
Zimetbaum had a non-Jewish Polish lover at Auschwitz, Edward "Edek" Galiński. He was born on October 5, 1923. He was one of the first inmates at Auschwitz, having been sent there in June 1940 from Tarnów prison as a political prisoner. At Auschwitz he received the very low camp inmate number 531.
Failed escape from Auschwitz-Birkenau.
Galiński initially planned to escape from the camp with his friend Wieslaw Kielar, an Auschwitz survivor and author of the autobiographical book "Anus Mundi: 5 Years in Auschwitz". Galinski had worked as a mechanic before being imprisoned, a job which brought him in contact with civilians working around the camp and with the women's prison where he met Zimetbaum. The plan fell through when Kielar lost a pair of SS guard's uniform pants needed as a disguise for their escape. Galiński told his friend that he would escape with Zimetbaum instead and would later find a way to send the uniform back to Kielar for his subsequent escape.
Levi said, "In the summer of 1944 [Zimetbaum] decided to escape with Edek, a Polish political prisoner. She not only wanted to reconquer her own freedom; she was also planning to document the daily massacre at Birkenau." Zimetbaum wanted to escape so that she could inform the Allies of what was going on at Auschwitz and thus save lives. She is said by some sources to have been the head of a resistance group. The escape was planned for Saturday June 24, 1944, when guard would be lighter due to the weekend. On the planned date, the couple succeeded in escaping to a nearby town. Galiński donned an SS uniform obtained from Edward Lubusch; Zimetbaum obtained a blank SS pass and dressed as a prisoner being led to work. They were caught after two weeks, on July 6, 1944, in the Żywiec Beskids mountains at the Slovakia border. Galiński had hidden nearby as Zimetbaum went into a store to try to buy some bread with gold that she and Galiński had stolen from the camp. A passing German border patrol became suspicious and arrested Zimetbaum. Galiński, watching from a distance as Zimetbaum was arrested, turned himself in to the German patrol since they had promised not to separate. 
Zimetbaum and Galiński were taken to Block 11 in the main camp at Auschwitz, a punishment barracks known as "the Bunker", where they were placed in separate cells. Galiński was eventually put in a group cell with another man. Galiński scratched his and Zimetbaum's names and camp numbers into the cell wall. A friendly guard passed notes to them through a hole in the wall between the cell they were in and an empty one. Sometimes Galiński and Zimetbaum would whistle to each other down the hall. When outside for exercise, Galiński would stand near the window he thought was Zimetbaum's cell window and sing an Italian aria.
Execution.
Galiński and Zimetbaum were transferred to Birkenau on September 15, 1944. They were taken out to be hanged in a public execution at the same time, in the men's and women's camps respectively.
Galiński jumped into the noose before the verdict was read, but the guards put him back on the platform. Galiński then shouted something to the effect of "Long Live Poland!" One person told all the other prisoners to take their hats off as a respect to Galiński and they all did.
Meanwhile, Levi and Auschwitz survivor Raya Kagan both reported that Zimetbaum had gotten hold of a razor blade and, at the foot of the gallows, cut the artery on one of her wrists. Accounts vary as to what happened next. Some people reported she said they would soon be liberated. Still others stated that she shouted at the assembled prisoners to revolt, that it was worth risking their life and if they died trying it was better than the situation they were in now in the camp. Levi said an SS guard tried to snatch the razor blade from her. Levi and Kagan both witnessed Zimetbaum slap the guard's face with her bloody hand. Kagan reported that Zimetbaum shouted at the guard, "I shall die a heroine, but you shall die like a dog!" Levi said, "Enraged, other guards immediately came running: a prisoner, a Jewess, a woman, had dared defy them!" Others reported that the SS guard grabbed her arm and broke it. Then the camp staff jumped on her, knocking her to the ground, and taped her mouth shut.
An SS officer named Maria Mandl said that an order from Berlin had come to burn Zimetbaum alive in the crematorium. They put her on a wheelbarrow and selected several prisoners from the front of the group of onlookers to take her to the nearby camp infirmary. Zimetbaum said weakly to the assembled prisoners, "The day of reckoning is near". On the way to the crematorium, Zimetbaum told the women pulling the handcart she was on that she knew she could have survived, but she chose not to because she wanted to follow what she believed in. 
Accounts of her death differ, as Zimetbaum was taken to the camp hospital in order to stop the bleeding. Levi and other witnesses said that she died while on the handcart. Others reported that a guard took pity on her and shot her at the crematorium entrance. Still others observed she had poison on her and took it before she could be burned alive. The prisoners forced to cremate the corpses had been informed that Zimetbaum was arriving, and they made special preparations. They prayed and cried as they burned her remains. The prisoners who had pulled the handcart then went back to the barracks and told other prisoners what they had witnessed.
Despite the differences between versions of what transpired at the public executions, all firsthand testimonies and autobiographies were united in their description of Zimetbaum as a courageous Jewish woman that remained unbowed by camp life and aided other prisoners.
Testimonial account.
The first recorded accounts of Mala Zimetbaum's story can be found in two audio interviews collected by Latvian-American psychologist David Boder, who recorded over a hundred Holocaust survivor testimonies as early as 1946. On August 7, 1946, Boder interviewed survivors Edith Serras and Henja Frydman in a Displaced Persons Camp in Paris, and both of them independently told Boder about the actions of the woman they only knew as Mala from Belgium. Frydman credited Zimetbaum with saving her life by erasing her tattoo number from an execution list, and Serras remembered Zimetbaum for saving numerous other women by erasing their numbers from condemned lists and arranging for extra food for them.
Information regarding Zimetbaum was later made available to the broader public in Kagan's official testimony, delivered on 8 June 1961 during Session 70 in the trial of Adolf Eichmann in Jerusalem.
After World War II, little is known of the surviving members of the Zimetbaum Hartman family. Zimetbaum's siblings, Gitla, Marjem, and Salomon Rubin, survived the Nazi Holocaust. It is also known that Gitla migrated to and died in Guayaquil, Ecuador, and that her direct descendants are all aware of Zimetbaum's legacy.
"Mala, The Music of the Wind".
In January 2002, a musical based on the life of Zimetbaum, titled "Mala, The Music of the Wind", opened at the Pallas Theatre in Athens, Greece, starring Greek pop singer Anna Vissi. It was written by Nikos Karvelas. A single and the complete 27-song soundtrack were later released on CD.
"The Last Stage".
"The Last Stage" is a 1948 feature film set in the Auschwitz concentration camp, directed and co-written by Wanda Jakubowska. The main character, Marta Weiss, is based on the true story of Mala Zimetbaum. Seventy two years after it was first shown in Poland, it was screened as part of the Israeli Polish Zoom events, a project of the Polish Institute in Tel Aviv and the Adam Mickiewicz Institute in Poland. A 2019 review of the film was published in the Haaretz newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="7043040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043040" title="Pokemon Advanced Anime">
Pokemon Advanced Anime



</doc>
<doc id="7043044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043044" title="Shotgun microphone">
Shotgun microphone



</doc>
<doc id="7043052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043052" title="Highland, MD">
Highland, MD



</doc>
<doc id="7043067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043067" title="Highland, md">
Highland, md



</doc>
<doc id="7043069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043069" title="Pokemon Diamond And Pearl Anime">
Pokemon Diamond And Pearl Anime



</doc>
<doc id="7043080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043080" title="Mueang Trat district">
Mueang Trat district

Mueang Trat (, ) is the capital district ("amphoe mueang") of Trat province, eastern Thailand.
History.
The area was settled in 1901 as a "khwaeng" of "Mueang" Trat. The government upgraded the "khwaeng" to Mueang Trat District in 1908. In 1921 the district was renamed "Bang Phra" after the central tambon (sub-district). The district's name was changed to "Mueang Trat" in 1938 due to a new naming policy for capital districts.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise): Laem Ngop, Khao Saming, and Bo Rai of Trat Province; Pursat and Koh Kong Provinces of Cambodia; Khlong Yai of Trat Province; and the Gulf of Thailand.
The district has one border crossing into Cambodia, at Ban Tha Sen. It is a "temporary" crossing, open only several days a week. there are plans to construct a permanent border crossing here.
Administration.
The district is divided into 14 sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 97 villages ("mubans"). Trat itself has town ("thesaban mueang") status and covers the "tambon" Bang Phra and part of Wang Krachae. The township ("thesaban tambon") Tha Phrik Noen Sai covers the complete "tambon" Tha Phrik and parts of Noen Sai. There are a further 12 tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="7043082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043082" title="Frank Bertaina">
Frank Bertaina

Frank Louis Bertaina (April 14, 1944 – March 3, 2010) was an American pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Baltimore Orioles (1964–67, 1969), Washington Senators (1967–69), and St. Louis Cardinals (1970). Listed at tall and , Bertaina batted and threw left-handed.
Early life.
Bertaina was born on April 14, 1944, in San Francisco. He attended Sacred Heart Catholic Preparatory School, which won baseball championships in 1960 and 1961. As a junior (1960) he was Player of the Year, and as a senior (1961) he led the team with league records in pitching with a 10–0 win–loss record, and an 0.27 earned run average (ERA). He also led the team in hitting, with a .451 batting average. During his high school career he had an 18-strikeout game and a no-hitter. He has been inducted into Sacred Heart's Athletic Hall of Fame, as have the 1960 and 1961 teams he led to championships.
Professional baseball career.
Minor league.
Many professional teams pursued Bertaina. Jim Gentile, a Sacred Heart alumni (and hall of fame member), played first base for the Baltimore Orioles and recommended that Bertaina sign with the Orioles, which he did. In 1962, the Orioles assigned Bertaina to the Aberdeen Pheasants of the Class-C Northern League, where he had a 13–10 record and 3.40 ERA. He played in the Orioles minor league system for all or parts of the following four years (1963-1966). In 1964, playing for the Double-A Elmira Pioneers, Bertaina had an 11–4 record and 1.99 ERA. 
His manager that season was Earl Weaver, who would go on to become a Hall of Fame manager for the Orioles. Weaver helped Bertaina improve his pitching knowledge and ability. Bertaina also played for Weaver at Triple-A Rochester in 1966, where he had 9–2 record and 2.33 ERA. He would return to minor league play at the end of his career.
Major league.
Bertaina made his major league debut on August 1, 1964, against the Kansas City Athletics at Municipal Stadium in Kansas City. Earlier that year, he had done a good job pitching in an Orioles exhibition game against the Philadelphia Phillies. In Kansas City, he started and gave up two earned runs in seven innings pitched, but did not receive a decision in the 5–2 Orioles victory. On September 12, he one-hit the Kansas City Athletics, winning 1-0, while opposing losing pitcher Bob Meyer allowed the Orioles just one hit as well. This was the fourth double one-hitter pitched in the modern era (since 1901) in MLB history and to date, the most recent. 
He pitched in a total of six games for the Orioles in 1964, and only two games for them in 1965. In 1966, the year the Orioles won the World Series, Bertaina pitched in 16 games, with a 2–5 record and 3.13 ERA. He did not pitch in the World Series.
In 1967, he had pitched in five games for the Orioles when he was traded on May 29 to the Washington Senators, along with rookie slugger Mike Epstein, for veteran left-handed pitcher Pete Richert. Bertaina started 17 games for the Senators, finishing with a 6–5 record and 2.92 ERA for Washington. With both Baltimore and Washington in 1967, he went 7–6 with a 2.99 ERA and a career-high 86 strikeouts, while tying for ninth in the American League with four shutouts.
He pitched a full season for the Senators in 1968, with a 7–13 record and 4.66 ERA, and 23 starts. In 1969, he was pitching less for the Senators, mostly as a relief pitcher, when he was traded back to the Orioles on June 16, 1969 for Paul Campbell. The 1969 Orioles had superb starting and relief pitching, and Bertaina only pitched 6 innings for the team. He played the majority of his games that year with Rochester. In 1970, he was 12–3 with Rochester when the Orioles sold his rights to the St. Louis Cardinals on August 14, 1970. He pitched the final 8 games of his major league career for the Cardinals. He played one more season of minor league baseball for the Tulsa Oilers in 1971 before retiring altogether.
Career.
In a seven-year major league career, Bertaina posted a 19–29 record with 3.84 ERA in 100 pitching appearances, including 66 starts, five shutouts, six complete games and 10 games finished, giving up 208 runs (176 earned) on 399 hits, while striking out 280 and walking 214 in 413 innings of work.
During his minor league career, Bertaina led the Eastern League in winning percentage (.733) in 1964 while pitching for the Elmira Pioneers, topped the International League in strikeouts (188) with the Rochester Red Wings in 1965, and won the International League winning percentage title (.800) with the 1970 Red Wings. He was inducted into the Red Wings Hall of Fame in 2005.
Personal life.
Bertaina co-founded Fishing International, one of the first travel agencies in the world dedicated to those who enjoyed fishing. He also co-owned and operated Lava Creek Lodge in Fall River Mills for many years. 
Death.
Bertaina died in Santa Rosa, California at the age of 65, following complications from a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="7043093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043093" title="Frank Bacon Memorial Strike-a-Thon">
Frank Bacon Memorial Strike-a-Thon



</doc>
<doc id="7043103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043103" title="Romford Recorder">
Romford Recorder

The Romford Recorder is a local newspaper for Romford and the London Borough of Havering. The "Romford Recorder" serves all of Havering.

</doc>
<doc id="7043114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043114" title="Ilford Recorder">
Ilford Recorder



</doc>
