<doc id="7015198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015198" title="LGBTQ rights in Azerbaijan">
LGBTQ rights in Azerbaijan

 
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) people in Azerbaijan face significant challenges not experienced by non-LGBTQ residents. Same-sex sexual activity has been legal in Azerbaijan since 1 September 2000. Nonetheless, discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity are not banned in the country and same-sex marriage is not recognized.
Homosexuality remains a taboo subject in the Azerbaijani society, as each year since 2015, ILGA-Europe has ranked Azerbaijan as the worst state (49 out of 49) in Europe for LGBTQIA+ rights protection, citing "a near total absence of legal protection" for LGBTQIA+ individuals. In September 2017, reports emerged that at least 100 members of Baku's LGBTQIA+ community were arrested, ostensibly as part of a crackdown on prostitution. Activists reported that these detainees were subject to beatings, interrogation, forced medical examinations, and blackmail. 
LGBTQIA+ people face high rates of violence, harassment and discrimination.
History and legality of same-sex sexual activity.
After declaring independence from the Russian Empire in 1918, the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic did not have laws against homosexuality. When Azerbaijan became a part of the Soviet Union in 1920, it was subject to rarely enforced Soviet laws criminalizing the practice of sex between men. Despite Vladimir Lenin having decriminalized homosexuality in Soviet Russia (inexplicitly; the Tsarist legal system was abolished, thus decriminalising sodomy), sexual intercourse between men (incorrectly termed pederasty in the laws, rather than the technically accurate term sodomy) became a criminal offence in 1923 in the Azerbaijan SSR, punishable by up to five years in prison for consenting adults, or up to eight years if it involved force or threat.
Azerbaijan regained its independence in 1991, and in 2000 repealed the Soviet-era anti-sodomy law. A special edition of "Azerbaijan", the official newspaper of the National Assembly, published on 28 May 2000, reported that the National Assembly had approved a new criminal code, and that President Heydar Aliyev had signed a decree making it law beginning on 1 September 2000. Repeal of Article 121 was a requirement for Azerbaijan to join the Council of Europe, which Azerbaijan did on 25 January 2001.
The age of consent is now equal for both heterosexual and homosexual sex, at 16 years of age.
Azerbaijan's anti-LGBTQIA+ discrimination has stirred controversy in relation to international events hosted by Azerbaijan, with critics arguing that Azerbaijan should not be allowed to host international events due to its discrimination against LGBTQIA+ people.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Same-sex couples are not legally recognised. Same-sex marriage and civil unions are not recognized or performed.
Adoption and family planning.
Same-sex couples are not allowed to adopt children in Azerbaijan.
Military service.
Azerbaijan implements mandatory military conscription for all able-bodied men between the ages of 18 and 35 to enlist in the military. There is no specific law that prohibits lesbians, gays and bisexuals from serving in the Azerbaijani military, however they could be unfit to serve under the Articles 18/b and 17/b of the Regulation on Military Medical Examinations. Article 18, paragraph b of the Regulation on Military Medical Examinations, states a person is considered unfit or partially unfit for military service on the basis of personality disorders. In addition to Article 18/b, LGBTQIA+ enlistees are also categorized under Article 17/b, which indicates reactive psychoses and neurotic disorders.
Queer conscripts often conceal their sexual orientation to avoid harassment, especially under the informal system of "dedovshchina" (military hazing). Ani Paitjan and Naila Dadash-Zadeh reported in 2020 that official exemptions are available, but coming out to authorities often entails outing oneself to family and community—an outcome many find too dangerous. Homophobic slurs and psychological abuse are common, and survivors describe long-lasting effects on their sense of trust and safety.
Gender identity and expression.
Azerbaijan possesses no legislation enabling transgender people to legally change their gender on official documents. However, transgender people are allowed to change their name so that it matches their gender identity.
Blood donation.
It is unknown whether men who have sex with men are "de facto" permitted to donate blood. By law, no groups are excluded from blood donation apart from HIV/AIDS infected persons.
Living conditions.
Azerbaijan is largely a secular country with one of the least practicing majority-Muslim populations. The reason behind homophobia is mostly due to the lack of knowledge about it, as well as due to the "old traditions". Families of homosexuals often cannot come to terms with the latter's sexuality, especially in rural areas. Coming out often results in violence or ostracism by the family patriarchs or forced heterosexual marriage.
There were rumours of an LGBTQIA+ parade being organized in time for the Eurovision Song Contest 2012, which was hosted by Azerbaijan. This caused disagreement in society due to homophobic views, but it did gain support from Azerbaijani human rights activists. The contest's presence in Azerbaijan also caused diplomatic tensions with neighbouring Iran. Iranian clerics Ayatollah Mohammad Mojtahed Shabestari and Ayatollah Ja'far Sobhani condemned Azerbaijan for "anti-Islamic behaviour", claiming that Azerbaijan was going to host a gay parade. This led to protests in front of the Iranian embassy in Baku, where protesters carried slogans mocking the Iranian leaders. Ali Hasanov, head of the public and political issues department in the Azerbaijani President's administration, said that gay parade claims were untrue, and warned Iran not to meddle in Azerbaijan's internal affairs. In response, Iran recalled its ambassador from Baku, while Azerbaijan demanded a formal apology from Iran for its statements in connection with Baku's hosting of the Eurovision Song Contest, and later also recalled its ambassador from Tehran.
LGBTQIA+ people have gained more visibility in recent years, through various interviews, social media posts and films. For Pride Month in 2019, several Azerbaijani celebrities shared social media posts supporting LGBTQIA+ rights, including singer Röya, stylist Anar Aghakishiyev and 2011 Eurovision winner Eldar Gasimov.
Same-sex sexual activity has been legal in Azerbaijan since 1 September 2000. Nonetheless, discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity is not banned in the country and same-sex marriage is not recognized.
Society.
As in most other post-Soviet era countries, Azerbaijan remains a place where homosexuality is an issue surrounded by confusion. There is hardly any objective or correct information on the psychological, sociological and legal aspects of homosexuality in Azerbaijan, with the result that the majority of the society simply does not know what homosexuality is.
"Coming out" as a gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender person is therefore rare, and individual LGBT people are afraid of the consequences. Thus many lead double lives, with some feeling deeply ashamed about being gay. Those who are financially independent and living in Baku are able to lead a safe life as an LGBTQIA+ person, as long as they "practice" their homosexuality in their private sphere. There is a small LGBT movement, with three organizations advocating for LGBTQIA+ rights and protection.
Although homosexual acts between consenting male adults are officially decriminalized, reports about police abuses against gays, mainly male prostitutes, have persisted. While complaining of the violence against them, the victims preferred to remain anonymous fearing retaliation on the part of the police. In 2019, in "A v. Azerbaijan", the European Court of Human Rights called out the state for its 2017 raids in which over 80 LGBT people were detained, many tortured and abused by police.
In April 2019, Elina Hajiyeva, a 14-year-old girl from Baku, attempted suicide once more due to homophobic bullying at her school. Although her mother had reported the bullying to the principal, Sevinj Abbasova, neither she nor other teachers took any action against it. After the attempted suicide, the principal kept Hajiyeva in her office for an hour during which she attempted to have the half-conscious Hajiyeva admit to suicidal tendencies and place the blame on family difficulties rather than on bullying issues at the school. She did not call an ambulance or allow others to do so. Hajiyeva died in hospital two days later. The school director, deputy director and school psychologist were dismissed from office. Only the principal was prosecuted on account of negligence resulting in death, and leaving someone in danger. On 24 October 2019, the principal was sentenced by the Sabail District Court of Baku to 2 years and 2.5 months of restriction of liberty, which means movement surveillance, only requiring her to be home at 9:00 PM. She was also ordered to pay 18,500 AZN ($10,882) of monetary compensation to the parents.
The case sparked a nationwide social media campaign against bullying. 2011 Eurovision winner Nigar Jamal posted a video on Instagram addressed to President Ilham Aliyev asking government officials to take action. The Ministry of Education launched an action plan against bullying on 13 May, envisaging a number of tasks to ensure a "healthy environment in general education institutions", to improve school and family relations and to protect students from abuse. A hotline was also established.
In May 2019, Azerbaijan Airlines fired three employees for releasing personal information of a transgender passenger on social media, including a picture of her passport. In June 2019, five transgender women were physically assaulted by a group of 15 men in Mardakan. Four of the attackers were arrested. In September 2019, a young gay man was beaten, raped and expelled from his village of Yolçubəyli because of his sexuality. He reported the violence to police. Photos of his rape surfaced online.
Media.
The first news website for LGBTQIA+ people in Azerbaijan was launched by Ruslan Balukhin on 25 May 2011: gay.az.
The Azerbaijani Constitution guarantees freedom of expression for everyone by all forms of expressions. The Azerbaijan Press Council was founded in 2003. The council deals with complaints according to the Press Code of Conduct. It is unknown if the council has assessed complaints of harassment made by state-controlled media using homosexuality as a tool to harass and discredit critics of the government.
The media in Azerbaijan has been criticized for spreading fear and hate towards queer people, with the use of discriminatory language and the portrayal of queer individuals in a negative light. Queer people face discrimination in various aspects of life, and the media often becomes a tool for propaganda and disinformation, with politicians and officials using it to influence the public's perception of queer individuals. Vahid Aliyev, a co-founder of the Minority Azerbaijan news webpage, has criticised the media for their unprofessional manners and their impact on shaping public opinion.
Azerbaijan's human rights NGOs have been successful in raising awareness of the lives of Azeri LGBTQIA+ people.
The first LGBTQIA+ online magazine "Minority Magazine" was founded by Samad Ismayilov in December 2015. The magazine covers education, entertainment and current issues about LGBT people. The magazine started functioning as an NGO from August 2017.
Film.
Samad Ismayilov, an LGBTQIA+ activist and the founder of "Minority Magazine", made a documentary movie about a trans man from Azerbaijan named Sebastian. The film focuses on Sebastian's challenges, fears and dreams about the future. It was filmed in Ohio in the United States. The film made its debut in Baku on 25 November 2017, with the support of the Dutch embassy. About 80 people came to watch the movie and participate at LGBTQIA+ discussions after the film.
Deniz Miray, who is trans rights activist and film critic, shot her "Bədənimə Günəş" in 2022 by talking about the challenges of LGBTQI+ individuals in Azerbaijan. 
Literature.
In 2009, Ali Akbar wrote a scandalous book titled "Artush and Zaur", which focused on homosexual love between an Armenian and Azerbaijani. According to Akbar, being an Armenian and being gay are major taboos in Azeri society.
In 2014, Azerbaijani writer Orkhan Bahadirsoy published a novel about the love of two young men, "It is a sin to love you".
Suicide of İsa Şahmarlı.
In January 2014, İsa Şahmarlı, the openly gay founder of AZAD LGBT, died of suicide by hanging himself with a rainbow flag. At the time of his death, Şahmarlı was unemployed, in debt, and estranged from his family who considered him "ill". Şahmarlı left a note on Facebook blaming society for his death. He was discovered soon afterward by friends.
Şahmarlı's suicide sparked an increase in LGBTQIA+ activism in Azerbaijan. The day of his death was marked as LGBTQIA+ Pride Day and was honored in 2015 with the release of several videos.
LGBTQI+ organizations.
As of 2015, there are five known LGBT organizations in Azerbaijan:
Other online campaigns or magazines also exist.
Human rights reports.
2017 United States Department of State report.
In 2017, the United States Department of State reported the following, concerning the status of LGBT rights in Azerbaijan:

</doc>
<doc id="7015202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015202" title="Virginia State Highway 143">
Virginia State Highway 143



</doc>
<doc id="7015208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015208" title="Virginia State Highway 150">
Virginia State Highway 150



</doc>
<doc id="7015211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015211" title="Čaňa">
Čaňa

Čaňa is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1164.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 177 metres and covers an area of 11.555 km².
It has a population of about 6,000 people.
Ethnicity.
The population is almost entirely Slovak in ethnicity.
Government.
The village has its own police force and fire brigade but the district and tax offices are located in Košice.
Economy and facilities.
The village has also developed medical facilities including a Pharmacy and outpatient facilities for children and adolescents and a gynaecologist.
The village also has a Slovakian bank and insurance branch, and a post office.
Culture.
The village has a public library and a DVD rental store, and a number of food stores. Čaňa has its own cinema and the village is connected to satellite television.
Sport.
The village has a football pitch, four tennis courts, hockey stadium, a swimming pool and a gymnasium.
The most popular sport is football and local team FK Čaňa.
Transport.
The village has a railway station, however, it is not currently served by any passenger services. Čaňa also has a garage and a facility for car parts.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="7015215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015215" title="Dubai-Abu Dhabi Highway">
Dubai-Abu Dhabi Highway



</doc>
<doc id="7015216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015216" title="Brillen">
Brillen



</doc>
<doc id="7015217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015217" title="Virginia State Highway 156">
Virginia State Highway 156



</doc>
<doc id="7015219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015219" title="CJ Nine Bridges Classic">
CJ Nine Bridges Classic



</doc>
<doc id="7015220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015220" title="`Ubayd">
`Ubayd



</doc>
<doc id="7015222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015222" title="Route 195 (Virginia)">
Route 195 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="7015224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015224" title="Panayiotis Vasilopoulos">
Panayiotis Vasilopoulos



</doc>
<doc id="7015227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015227" title="Eye caps">
Eye caps



</doc>
<doc id="7015228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015228" title="Virginia State Highway 199">
Virginia State Highway 199



</doc>
<doc id="7015231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015231" title="Eyecaps">
Eyecaps



</doc>
<doc id="7015232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015232" title="Virginia State Highway 288">
Virginia State Highway 288



</doc>
<doc id="7015233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015233" title="Yannathan railway station">
Yannathan railway station

Yannathan was a railway station on the Strzelecki railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. The station was opened on 29 June 1922. Yannthan was the terminus station on the Strezlecki line from 7 August 1941 following flooding of the Lang Lang River, resulting in damages to one of the four trestle bridges over the river. Yannathan was closed on 15 April 1950 when the line was truncated up to Bayles Station.
Station facilities.
Upon opening of the line in 1922 Yannathan station was supplied with cattle and sheep yards, goods loading and storage facilities, gangers departmental residence, gangers tool shed, gangers headquarters and passenger facilities. even though Yannathan was the terminus station for 9 years it was never fitted with a turntable, which required trains to run tender first on down runs.

</doc>
<doc id="7015241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015241" title="Virginia State Highway 337">
Virginia State Highway 337



</doc>
<doc id="7015247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015247" title="Capps Creek (Shoal Creek tributary)">
Capps Creek (Shoal Creek tributary)

Capps Creek is a stream in Newton County, Missouri, United States. It is a tributary of Shoal Creek, and its water flows from there into the Spring River, then the Neosho River, the Arkansas River, and ultimately the Mississippi River. Capps Creek is best known for Jolly Mill Park, located at the old township site of Jollification, Missouri.
The creek is also known for trout fishing, as it is a White Ribbon Trout Area managed by the Missouri Department of Conservation. White Ribbon Trout Areas are stocked periodically with rainbow and, occasionally, brown trout. The fishing regulations are generally relaxed and allow anglers to use any live bait and keep up to four trout per day.
Jolly Mill and the former town of Jollification have a history reaching back into the mid-19th century. The mill was the anchor of the town, and the town survived on its success as a grist mill and whiskey distillery. The town was destroyed during the Civil War and rebuilt, but it ultimately died when the railroad bypassed the town. Jolly Mill is now managed by The Friends of Jolly Mill and The Ozark Highlanders as a public family-friendly park, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Capps Creek was named after the local Capps family.

</doc>
<doc id="7015248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015248" title="Virginia State Highway 238">
Virginia State Highway 238



</doc>
<doc id="7015250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015250" title="Virginia State Highway 134">
Virginia State Highway 134



</doc>
<doc id="7015251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015251" title="S.J.Suryaah">
S.J.Suryaah



</doc>
<doc id="7015252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015252" title="Catani railway station">
Catani railway station

Catani was a railway station on the Strzelecki railway line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. The station was opened on 29 June 1922, and closed on 15 April 1950 along with Yannathan station, when the line was truncated to Bayles station leaving it the only remaining station on the Strzelecki line until it too was closed on 4 February 1959.
Station facilities.
Upon opening of the line in 1922 Catani station was supplied with goods loading and storage facilities, sheep hurdles, departmental residence and passenger facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="7015253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015253" title="Virginia State Highway 105">
Virginia State Highway 105



</doc>
<doc id="7015256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015256" title="Virginia State Highway 168">
Virginia State Highway 168



</doc>
<doc id="7015258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015258" title="Monkey patching">
Monkey patching



</doc>
<doc id="7015259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015259" title="Palanpur Agency">
Palanpur Agency

Palanpur Agency, also spelled Pahlunpore Agency, was a political agency or collection of princely states in British India, within the Gujarat Division of Bombay Presidency. In 1933, the native states of the Mahi Kantha Agency, except for Danta, were included in the Western India States Agency. The agency, headquartered at Palanpur, oversaw some 17 princely states and estates in the area, encompassing an area of 6393 square miles (16,558 km2) and a population, in 1901, of 467,271.
History and hierarchy.
Established in 1819, the Agency was under the political control of the Bombay Presidency until 10 October 1924, from which date it was under the Western India States Agency, which depended directly from the Governor General of India. Of the three Political Agencies in the Northern Division of the Bombay Presidency, the next in importance to Kathiawar was the Palanpur Agency, established in 1819.
The designation of Palanpur Agency was changed to Banas Kantha Agency in 1925. Palanpur State itself was transferred to the Rajputana Agency in 1933, and the rest of the Banas Kantha Agency then merged with the Mahi Kantha Agency to form the Sabar Kantha Agency, subordinate to the Western India States Agency (WISA). On 11 November 1944 the WISA amalgamated with the Baroda and Gujarat States Agency. After the independence of India in 1947, the whole area became part of Bombay State, which in 1960 was divided into the States of Gujarat (inheriting the former WISA states territory) and Maharashtra.
Palanpur Agency had (in 1908) the political control and supervision of four states (Palanpur, Radhanpur, Tharad and Wao) and five petty estates, besides 343 non-jurisdictional Talukas and villages grouped under five thana circles, each assigned to a Thandar. These were the Deodar, Varahi, Wao, Santalpur and Kankrej thana. Palanpur and Radhanpur ranked as Salute states (i.e. entitled to the high honor of a gun salute to its native princely ruler, further classified by the number of shots), the other seven as Non-salute states. The area of the Agency was about 6,393 square miles (1901 estimate), with a population of 467,271 (1901 Census). Headquarters of the Political Agency were at Palanpur town. Other principal towns were Radhanpur and Deesa, the latter containing a large British cantonment.
The majority of the Agency was ruled by Muslim chiefs, principally those of Palanpur and Radhanpur, the petty chiefs in the Warahi thana, and the Tervada chiefs under Deodar thana. The remaining estates were ruled by Rajputs (mainly Chauhans, Vaghelas and Jadejas clans), Kolis and Brahmins. Distributed according to religion, 85 percent of the population in the Agency were Hindus (in 1901), followed by Muslims (10 percent) and Jains (5 percent).
The states lay outside the scope of British Indian laws and regulations, unless they were specially extended and applied. The Political Agent acted as Sessions Judge for the whole Agency, except for the states of Palanpur and Radhanpur. In addition he exercised the powers of a District Judge and District Magistrate in all the petty jurisdictional estates, besides being responsible, as District Officer, of general supervision of the administration of the states. 
The Assistant Political Agent acted as ex-officio Superintendent of the Palanpur Imperial Police, controlling the force employed in the Headquarters and "thana" circles.
The Deesa Cantonment was established in 1821 for the purpose of maintaining order in the Palanpur state, which had been subject to many disturbances since 1813, and to overawe the wild Bhil and Rajput outlaws, who from time immemorial had been the terror of the surrounding districts. Situated on the left bank of the Banas river, three miles (5 km) north-east of Deesa town, it had a population (in 1901) of 11,047. It contained barracks for European and native troops, a large bazaar and many officer's bungalows. As the station was reduced to a fourth class station, in 1907 it contained only a Native Infantry regiment.
On 15 November 1879 the portion of the Western Rajputana States Railway between Ahmedabad and Palanpur opened for public traffic. In 1890 the diwan of Palanpur further agreed to cede jurisdiction over certains lands for the construction of a railway line between Palanpur and the military cantonment of Deesa.
Native (E)states.
Salute States.
Palanpur State.
The most important state in the Agency was Palanpur State, covering an area of with a population (1901) of 222,627. The ruling Lohani( Jalori ) dynasty was of Pashtun descent, and established its rule over Palanpur about 1370. In 1817 the diwan agreed to come under the protection of the British Government, whose suggestions he was bound to follow in all matters relating to his government. In recognition of his loyalty, diwan Muhammad Khan of Palanpur (ruled 1878–1918) was given the title K.C.I.E. in 1893 and that of G.C.I.E. in 1899. Just before the 1911 Coronation Darbar held for King-Emperor George V, the diwan was awarded the title of nawab, a personal salute of 13 guns, and the style of His Highness, in 1910.
Radhanpur State.
Relations with Radhanpur State date from 6 July 1820, when an agreement was signed under the terms of which the Nawab was bound to pay a yearly tribute to the British. The state has been held by the Babi family since 1693, when Jafar Khan obtained Radhanpur, Sami, Munjpur and Tervada with the title of Safdar Khan. They were related to the ruling houses of Junagadh and Balasinor, two other Gujarat states. After the death of Bismillah Khan in 1895, Radhanpur was put in the charge of British officers who toke over the treasury and the administration until the nawab's successor, who was a minor, came of age. In 1907 Haji Muhammad Sher Khanji was invested with full powers, but he died in 1910, and was succeeded by his brother. The state covered , with a population (1901) of 61,403.
The Diwan of Palanpur enjoyed a Salute of 13 guns and the Nawab of Radhanpur enjoyed a Salute of 11 guns.
Non-salute States.
Of the seven smaller states, five (Tharad, Wao, Warahi, Deodar and Santalpur) signed agreements in 1820 by which they became tributary to the British. In 1826 fresh Engagements were concluded, binding the chiefs to submission to the British government, but not to payment of tribute. All chiefs agreed to forbid the transport of contraband opium through their territories in 1822. The estates of the two chiefs of Thara (24 villages within Kankrej) were originally in the Mahi Kantha Agency, but were transferred to the Palanpur Agency in 1844, owing to their proximity to Palanpur. They were bound by the same Engagements as the chiefs of Mahi Kantha, executed in 1812. and Deesa estate &amp; thana ( Faujdari/thanedari ) was the part of Palanpur state.
Tharad.
Tharad State covered , ranked as a 3rd Class state. Its population was 16,403 (in 1901). The state included 51 villages, and was sometimes styled Tharad and Morvada. Its rulers, Vaghela Rajputs, obtained possession of Morvada in 1508, and received Tharad in 1759 from the Nawab of Radhanpur.
Wao.
Wao State, modern Vav, was a 4th Class state. Its population in 1901 was 8,286 souls, residing in 26 villages and its area was . The Ranas (equivalent to Raja) of Wao (or Wao) were Chauhan Rajputs. They established themselves at Wao in 1244. Chandrasinhji Umedsinhji ruled as 20th Rana of Wav from 1884 to 1924.
Santalpur.
The ruler of Santalpur State, a Jadeja Rajput, was sometimes styled Thakur of Adesar, after his estate in the nearby state of Cutch, some West from Santalpur. His possessions were widely scattered, and those in the district of Santalpur were mostly coshared with other estateholders. In October 1904 he was invested with the powers of a 3rd Class Magistrate, but only in his villages of Ghadsai and Kalyanpur, due east of the town of Santalpur. The population of these was 557 and 107 respectively (1901 Census). He paid tribute for Ghadsai to the Radhanpur court.
Warahi.
The state of Varahi was divided between two branches of the ruling family, who belonged to a Jat clan of Muslims. Their estates were widely intermingled with those of lesser, non-jurisdictional estate holder.
Deodar.
Deodar State, modern Diyodar, was equally split between two ruling branches of the same family of Vaghela Rajputs.
Deesa.
Deesa was an estate and "thana" circle, ruled by the Mandori (Jhalori) dynasty (faujdari/thanedari). Deesa was also a British military cantonment with a resident Catholic chaplain and a chapel. The British cantonment, named Deesa Field Brigade, was built in the middle of Rajasthan and Palanpur to maintain and protect the regions between Abu and Kutch from dacoits.
Thana circles.
According to the "Palanpur Agency Directory" (1907), the thana system was introduced 'merely because the estates are so small and the authority of the proprietors so weak, that otherwise no justice at all could be obtained.' The thana circles of Wao, Varahi and Kankrej were established in 1874, those of Deodar and Santalpur in 1875. In each of these five thana circles, jurisdictional power was exercised by the Thandar, who was the officer invested with the powers of a 2nd Class Magistrate in Criminal matters, and in trying Civil suits up to the value of Rs.500. Criminal courts were established in the thanas by Govt. Resolution dated 18 July 1889.
Within the areas of the thanas five of the principal jagirdars (petty vassal chiefs) had been granted limited jurisdiction (criminal powers of a 3rd Class Magistrate and civil powers up to Rs. 250) in their own unshared villages, viz. Tervada (in Deodar thana); Suigam (in Wao thana); and Bhorol (in Tharad thana). The estates of Dhima (in Wao thana) and Sanva (in Santalpur) had formerly also been granted jurisdictional powers, but these rights were never enjoyed. Dhima lapsed to Wao State in 1917.
A sixth thana circle, that of Tharad, had been established in 1874, including jurisdiction over certain villages which paid tribute to the thakur of Tharad. But on 14 September 1904, the Tharad thana was abolished, and the jurisdiction over these "Jamaiya" villages was handed over to the Thakur from that date. 
Similarly jurisdiction over 28 "Bhayadi" villages of the Wao State, which were under the Wao thana, were placed under the jurisdiction of the Wao State in 1917; and the remaining villages under the thana circle were placed under the jurisdiction of the Suigam "taluka", which was then granted jurisdiction, and the Wao thana was abolished. The jurisdiction granted to Suigam was withdrawn in 1927 and an Agency thana, called the Suigam Division of the Deodar thana, was constituted for the area (21 villages in 1933) over which the 11 shareholders exercised jurisdiction.

</doc>
<doc id="7015262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015262" title="Bayles railway station">
Bayles railway station

Bayles was a railway station on the Strzelecki line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. The station was opened on 29 June 1922. Bayles was the final station to remain open the entire life of the Strzelecki line; it was the terminus of the line from 15 April 1950 when the line was truncated from Yannathan. The short section of track was kept open mostly to serve the local butter factory. In 1972, the Bayles Fauna Park was opened on the former site of the station and goods yard.

</doc>
<doc id="7015263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015263" title="Virginia State Highway 161">
Virginia State Highway 161



</doc>
<doc id="7015264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015264" title="Laneast">
Laneast

Laneast () is a village and civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It lies above the River Inny valley, about six miles (11 km) west of Launceston. The population in the 2001 census was 164, increasing to 209 at the 2011 census.
Parish church.
The parish church at is dedicated to Saint Sidwell and Saint Gulval or to St Michael. The inclusion of St Gulval in the dedication is apparently due to a mistake by Dr. Oliver who understood entries referring to the church of "St Wolvela of Lanestly" as referring to Laneast whereas "Lanestly" is the old name of Gulval. The church and cemetery were dedicated by Edmund Lacy, Bishop of Exeter in 1436; before that time burials were made at the mother church of St Stephen's. The land of the parish was divided between the hundreds of Lesnewth and East Wivelshire, the church being in the latter. It was founded and until the Reformation maintained by the Augustinian canons of St Stephen's; thereafter it became a donative served by perpetual curates.
The Norman church was cruciform and additions were made in the 13th and 14th centuries; during the 15th century the south aisle and tower were completed and the church was embellished with fine woodwork and stained glass. Though considerable restoration took place in 1848 much of the late medieval woodwork and glass remains. In a field opposite the church is the holy 'Jordan Well' used for divination, and until comparatively recently, for baptism. The Anglican benefice is united with those of Saint Clederus, St Clether, and Altarnun.
In the churchyard is a four-holed Cornish cross which was found in 1952 buried in the churchyard. The lower part of the shaft and the base were made in 1954.
There is a Cornish cross on Laneast Down. It is unusual in being made of Polyphant stone rather than granite; the two sides of the head are elliptical and have Latin crosses.
Lidcott Mine.
To the north-east of the parish is Lidcott Mine, a 19th-century opencast manganese mine. It is now a Site of Special Scientific Interest, noted for its geological significance.
Notable residents.
Laneast was the birthplace of John Couch Adams, the mathematician and astronomer who discovered Neptune, William Grylls Adams, physicist and professor of Natural Philosophy at King's College, London, and the painter Robert Burnard.

</doc>
<doc id="7015265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015265" title="LGBTQ rights in Georgia (country)">
LGBTQ rights in Georgia (country)

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) people in Georgia face significant challenges not experienced by non-LGBTQ residents. However, Georgia is one of the few post-Soviet states (others being the Baltic states, Moldova, and Ukraine) that directly prohibits discrimination against all LGBTQ people in legislation, labor-related or otherwise. Since 2012, Georgian law has considered crimes committed on the grounds of one's sexual orientation or gender identity an aggravating factor in prosecution.
Despite this, homosexuality is considered a major deviation from the highly traditional Orthodox Christian values prevalent in the country, where public discussions of sexuality in general tend to be viewed in a highly negative light. Consequently, homosexuals are often targets of abuse and physical violence, often actively encouraged by religious leaders. 
LGBTQ events regularly face significant opposition and are often cancelled in the face of violence. LGBTQ rights activists were unable to hold their events due to violent opposition in 2012, 2013, 2021 and 2023. According to the 2021 International Social Survey Programme (ISSIP) study, 84% of the Georgian public thinks that sexual relations between two adults of the same sex are always wrong, which is the highest score in Europe. Per World Values Survey study published in 2022, 91% of the Georgian public thinks that homosexuality is not justifiable.
In 2024, the Parliament of Georgia passed the legislative package "On Family Values and Protection of Minors", which banned the "LGBTQ propaganda" in the country.
History and legality of same-sex sexual activity.
Historically, homosexual acts are condemned by the Georgian Orthodox Church. After age Great Turkish Invasion, David IV, who liberated Georgia from Seljuk rule, brought the church under state control and convened the 1104 Church Synod at Ruisi cathedral and Urbnisi monastery. The longest article of the memorandum summarizing the synod's resolutions denounced sodomy stating that it "brought down the high reign of the Persians and the eternal reign of the Romans to the level of wild beasts". Later, under Heraclius II of Kartli-Kakheti, homosexuality was punishable by torture and execution.
In the 19th century, Georgia was incorporated into the Russian Empire. In 1835, the Digest of Laws of the Russian Empire was enacted, which was also used in Georgia as in other parts of Russia. Under this new criminal code, the homosexuality was punishable by stripping of all rights and forced resettlement to Siberia. Later the punishment was replaced by imprisonment from four to five years. Recent research by Shorena Gabunia argues that homosexuality was tolerated among Kinto community at the time, who were mostly Armenian traders and entertainers in 19th-century Tbilisi. It is alleged that because Kintos were a marginalized group, the authorities turned a blind eye on their sexual practices.
After the February Revolution, which saw the monarchy in Russia being overthrown, the czarist criminal code was abolished, making homosexuality legal. The ban in Georgia was reintroduced in 1924, even though the Soviet policy on homosexuality in these years was considerably mild, as Lenin and other Bolsheviks did not consider homosexuality to be a crime, and even deemed czarist policy toward homosexuals oppressive and campaigned against what they thought to be "bourgeois morality". Moreover, no ban was introduced on homosexuality in Russia after the October Revolution. However, many Bolsheviks thought that homosexuality in the Caucasus region was more of a cultural phenomenon, widespread because of "cultural backwardness" of the native population, caused by more backward social conditions compared to other parts of Soviet Union. Therefore, they thought that adopting a ban on homosexuality for Caucasian nations to be a necessary act in order to overcome "cultural backwardness". 
Views toward homosexuality changed radically while Stalin consolidated his power in the 1930s. Stalin, who was natively from Georgia, proceeded to introduce a nationwide ban on male homosexuality in 1933, with up to five years of hard labor in prison. The precise reason for the law is still in dispute. The leadership of the Soviet Union explained this shift in policy by Soviet medical researches, which concluded that homosexuality was a mental disease. Soviet authorities also described homosexuality as a remnant of the capitalist society, thus declaring homosexuals to be counter-revolutionary and enemies of the people. Some historians have suggested that Joseph Stalin's enactment of the anti-gay law was, like his prohibition on abortion, an attempt to increase the Soviet birthrate. The article outlawing homosexuality was also used by Soviet authorities against dissident movements, with many activists being arrested on trumped-up sodomy charges.
After Georgia obtained its independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, there have been no recorded cases of sodomy article being openly used against political opponents ever. Still, freedom of same-sex sexual activity was not officially enshrined in the law until 2000, when the Georgian Government put in place an amended criminal code to meet the standards set forth by the Council of Europe and the European Convention on Human Rights. The age of consent for both heterosexual and homosexual sex stands at 16 years of age as set by the Georgian Penal Code, articles 140 and 141.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Georgia does not recognize same-sex unions, either in the form of marriage or civil unions. Since 2018, the Constitution of Georgia has defined marriage as a union of a woman and a man for the purpose of founding a family. 
2017 constitutional reform.
Since it was enacted in 1997, Georgia's Civil Code has defined marriage as a heterosexual union, thus effectively preventing same-sex marriages. However, the Constitution of Georgia was gender-neutral, specifying that "Marriage shall be based upon equality of rights and free will of spouses". 
Because of this gender-neutral wording, the Civil Code might have been struck down in the Constitutional Court, potentially paving a way for same-sex marriages.&lt;ref name="civil.ge/eng"&gt;GD Refloats Proposal on Setting Constitutional Bar to Same-Sex Marriage, Civil Georgia, 8 March 2016, Retrieved: 9 March 2016&lt;/ref&gt; In 2013, a leader of the Christian-Democratic Movement Giorgi Targamadze first floated idea of amending the Constitution in order to bring it in line with the Civil Code's definition of marriage as a union of a man and a woman. Targamadze made the proposal part of his 2013 presidential campaign, collecting citizens' signatures for introducing constitutional amendments. In March, 2014, Prime Minister Irakli Garibashvili also proposed to define marriage as a union of a man and woman in the Constitution. The initiative came as the government tabled anti-discrimination bill, which was Georgia's precondition to get a visa free regime with the European Union. The Prime Minister said that "Though according to the current legislation, a family is understood as a union between a man and a woman, I think it should be written in the Constitution too". He emphasized that the amendment was necessary to avoid "misinterpretation" of the anti-discrimination law. "I would like to stress that the law does not create any new right for anyone. It does not grant any type of privileges to any group of society, neither takes away. The law only ensures that all could equally enjoy the rights which are ensured by Georgian legislation and the Constitution," Garibashvili stated. 
In November, 2015, Zviad Tomaradze, head of the conservative organization Georgia's Demographic Society XXI, prepared the draft bill to amend the Constitution to define marriage as a union between a man and a woman. In March, 2016, 80 MPs proposed a constitutional amendment to the Parliament. The bill was drafted by the members of the ruling Georgian Dream party and the opposition Free Democrats party. According to the Constitution of Georgia, the Parliament should pass an amendment to the constitution if it is supported by 3/4 of the total number of the Members of Parliament (113 MPs). The bill failed to garner sufficient number of votes due to lack of support from much of the parliamentary opposition.
Meanwhile, the conservative activists gathered two hundred thousand signatures in order to amend the constitution through referendum. The Central Election Commission of Georgia gave its approval to the proposal; however, it failed to get permission from the President Giorgi Margvelashvili. President announced that Georgia would not hold a referendum on whether to ban same-sex marriage in the country's Constitution. Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili promised to amend the constitution to define marriage as a union between a woman and a man his party got enough if his party got enough seats in the upcoming 2016 parliamentary election.
In the election, the Georgian Dream won 115 seats, an increase of 30 seats, and proposed a constitutional amendment. The proposal caused a backlash from Georgian civil society and human rights organizations, which assailed the legislation as way of politicizing this sensitive issue and capitalizing on popular societal prejudices.
The constitutional amendment caused a split within the ruling coalition itself, with members of the liberal-leaning Republican Party of Georgia campaigning against the initiative. 
After a month of public consultation, the proposal was considered in Parliament. Public meetings on the ban were scheduled from mid-March until 15 April in various cities throughout the country. The constitutional amendment was passed by the Parliament on 26 September 2017, establishing that marriage exists solely as "a union between a woman and a man for the purpose of creating a family". The constitutional amendment went into effect after the 2018 Georgian presidential election and the inauguration of President Salome Zurabishvili on 16 December 2018.
Civil partnerships.
In April 2017, several human rights organizations called on the Georgian Government to legalise same-sex civil partnerships.
In April 2018, the Georgian Ombudsman urged the Government to allow civil partnerships for same-sex couples. Citing "Oliari and Others v. Italy", he reminded the Government that not recognising same-sex relationships is a violation of the European Convention on Human Rights. He also criticised the constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage, arguing that it would "increase hatred".
Discrimination protections.
Since 2006, Article 2(3) of the Labor Code has prohibited discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in employment relations.
According to the amended Georgian Criminal Code (since 2012), committing crimes against individuals based on sexual orientation, among other things, is an aggravating factor that should result in tougher sentences during prosecution.
On 2 May 2014, the Parliament approved an anti-discrimination law, banning all forms of discrimination. It took effect upon publication, on 7 May 2014. Article 1 of the "Law of Georgia on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination" (, ) reads as follows:
The adoption of the anti-discrimination law was recommended by the European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP) Country Progress Report 2013 for Georgia as a prerequisite for finalizing the Visa Liberalization Action Plan between Georgian and the European Union. Head of the Georgian Orthodox Church, Patriarch Ilia II said that the law "will not be accepted by the believers" and added that "making illegality a law is a huge sin".
Hate crime laws.
In spite of the legislative amendment to article 53 of the Criminal Code of Georgia, which ensures that bias motivated by the sexual orientation or gender identity of a victim may be taken into account as an aggravating circumstance when determining sanctions, there are still no official statistics about crimes conducted on sexual orientation or gender identity grounds in the country. According to the registered cases and conducted studies, it has become clear that the law prohibiting hate crime is not efficient.
A study on discrimination among LGBT people in Georgia entitled "From Prejudice To Equality: study of societal attitudes, knowledge and information regarding the LGBT community and their rights" conducted in 2012 by the Women's Initiatives Supporting Group (WISG) revealed the following: 32% of surveyed respondents had at least once experienced physical violence and 89.93% had experienced psychological violence. On average, among the 134 respondents who had experienced psychological violence, 73.13% had become victims three or more times, 13.43% had experienced it twice, and 13.43% once. All six respondents from the 16-18 age group had admitted that at school they had often become victims of bullying. Among 48 respondents, who had been victims of physical violence, 73% had never reported to police. Among the reasons for not reporting to police the following was mentioned ineffectiveness of police (21.62%), fear of homophobic treatment (29.73%), and failure by the police to treat the matter in a serious manner (21.62%). Among those who had reported to police, 46.15% were dissatisfied with this decision, as they experienced a homophobic reaction from the police, 30% admitted that the police acted in a friendly manner, while 23.08% stated that they were treated neutrally.
Gender identity and expression.
Since 2008, transgender people in Georgia can change documents and personal names to reflect their preferred gender after having undergone sex reassignment surgery.
Discrimination on the basis of gender identity is outlawed.
On 31 March 2021, the Tbilisi Civil Registry Service registered a transgender woman as female, marking the first precedent of legal gender recognition for a transgender person.
Blood donation.
In July 2017, Georgia's Constitutional Court lifted a ban on gay and bisexual men donating blood, ruling that it was unconstitutional. In its ruling, the court pointed out that modern technologies allow for the detection of HIV/AIDS in donations, making a ban unnecessary.
Previously, on 4 February 2014, the Constitutional Court also declared the ban unconstitutional. The ban stated that homosexuality was a restricting factor for donating blood. In response, the Health Ministry changed the wording to "men who have sex with men".
2021 Memorandum on LGBT rights.
On 16 May 2021, a day ahead of International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia, 15 opposition parties signed the Memorandum on LGBT rights "to fight to eliminate discrimination and violence against LGBTQ citizens with all mechanisms at their disposal". Pro-LGBT NGO Tbilisi Pride described it as a "historical agreement in Georgia on LGBTQI rights." The parties which signed the memorandum include: United National Movement, Girchi, Girchi — More Freedom, European Georgia, Republican Party, Law and Justice, Strategy Aghmashenebeli, Lelo for Georgia, Reformer, Droa, For the Justice, United Georgia, Free Democrats, Progress and Freedom and Victorious Georgia. The ruling Georgian Dream party refused to sign the memorandum. Several opposition parties also refused to sign it. Citizens party stated that the fundamental rights are already protected by the constitution and that they saw no need to sign additional memorandums. Leader of For Georgia party Giorgi Gakharia called the memorandum "political coquetry" and refused to join the memorandum.
Despite the fact that 15 opposition parties signed a memorandum on LGBT rights, many of them refused to publicly support LGBT community during the 2021 attack on Tbilisi Pride. Only Girchi — More Freedom, European Georgia, Droa and Lelo threw their support behind Tbilisi Pride. The largest opposition party United National Movement refused to publicly endorse pro-LGBT demonstrators. Leader of the United National Movement party Mikheil Saakashvili condemned both pro-LGBT and anti-LGBT demonstrators, accusing them of being controlled by State Security Service.
In June 2020, one of the leaders of Lelo for Georgia Davit Usupashvili stated that they support the protection of LGBT rights but oppose same-sex marriage.
2024 anti-LGBT legislation.
On 4 June 2024, Speaker of the Georgian Parliament and one of the Georgian Dream's party leaders Shalva Papuashvili initiated a package of legislation called, "On Family Values and Protection of Minors" (), consisting of one main law and 18 related draft laws that amend the Civil Code, the Labor Code, the legislation on education, and other codes. The law mirrors legislation recently passed in the neighboring country, Russia.
Proposed changes to the law included in the package included outlawing "alternative marriage unions", adoption of a minor to people who do not identify "as their gender" or are "not heterosexual", prohibiting all surgical operations or medical interventions for gender reassignment for people of all ages, and prohibiting putting any gender "different from his own" on any state or identity documents. Additionally, the law would outlaw pride events and public displays of the rainbow pride flag.
The changes also included restrictions on media and publishing, outlawing the radio or television broadcasting of information, programs, public endorsement, advertising, or "propaganda" aimed at "promoting a person's belonging to a gender different from his or her gender, same-sex relationship or incest" including sexual acts with "members of the same sex or a scene of incest", outlawing public gatherings or demonstrations aimed at promoting gender identity, "non-heterosexual relationships", or incest, and voiding any public or private institution labor obligations "aimed at neglecting biological sex". The package would also designate May 17th as a holiday for the "sanctity of the family and respect for parents".
Tamara Jakeli, the director of Tbilisi Pride has said the bill would likely force her organization to close down.
In response to claims of censorship by the opposition, Shalva Papuashvili clarified that art, fiction, or cinema involving intimate scenes would be allowed, but would be restricted to minors under the age of 18. He stated that his party planned to discuss the bill during the Spring parliamentary session it was initiated at, and for the package to be passed in the second and third readings in the Autumn parliamentary session. After evaluating the bill, First Deputy Chairperson of the Parliament of Georgia Gia Volski claimed that the bill "does not in any way suppress or violate the rights of sexual minorities" and only tries to prevent propaganda that could harm the development of minors as a matter of national security. 
On 27 June 2024, the Parliament of Georgia passed the proposed bill in the first reading. 
On 4 September 2024, the Parliament of Georgia voted 81-0 for the proposed bill in the second reading.
On 17 September 2024, the Parliament of Georgia passed the proposed bill by a vote of 84-0 in the third and final reading. The opposing MPs did not attend the vote as they were boycotting the parliament.
The following day, Georgian transgender model Kesaria Abramidze was stabbed to death in what the interior ministry called a premeditated murder. Michael Roth, the Chairman of Bundestag's Committee on International Relations, directly connected Abramidze's murder to the new anti-LGBTQ+ law.
On 2 October 2024, President Salome Zourabichvili, despite opposing the bill, neither vetoed it nor signed it into the law. With the bill having enough supporters in parliament to override a veto from the President, some observers noted that Zourabichvili possibly did not want to give the parliament the opportunity to meet in an extraordinary session and "pass the law triumphantly" prior to the 2024 Georgian parliamentary election. After the President returned the bill to the parliament, its chairman Shalva Papuashvili signed the bill into the law on 3 October. Papuashvili emphasized that the law is "based on common sense, historical experience, and centuries-old Christian, Georgian, and European values rather than being shaped by temporary ideologies".
LGBT freedom of expression.
LGBT events were violently cancelled in 2012, 2013, 2021 and 2023. These include events held in the public space as well as behind the closed doors.
An event in 2006 that was supposed to promote tolerance and cultural dialogue was canceled after rumours spread that it was supposedly a gay parade. The head of Georgian Orthodox Church, Patriarch Ilya, stated that any kind of rally which features LGBT people is "offensive".
On 17 May 2012, Georgian LGBT organization Identoba (იდენტობა) organized a peaceful march in observance of the International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia. This was the first public march in support of LGBT equality in Georgia. The march was discontinued soon after it started, however, because the marchers claimed they were assaulted by religious counter-demonstrators, including representatives of the Georgian Orthodox Church and radical Christian groups. Police intervened to protect the march participants only after the fighting had already broken out and arrested some of the alleged victims instead of the perpetrators.
Amnesty International criticized the Georgian Government for failing to effectively protect the march. On 14 January 2013, LGBT organization Identoba and the participants of the march filed an application against Georgia with the European Court of Human Rights. The application claims that Georgia failed to effectively protect the participants of LGBT march and did not investigate or adequately punish the perpetrators.
The 2013 observance of International Day against Homophobia was also met with aggression. LGBT activists scheduled a rally to mark the occasion; however, it never took place. Thousands of anti-LGBT protestors, led by Georgian Orthodox priests, held a counter-demonstration. Protestors carried images of Jesus and signs reading "Stop promoting homosexual propaganda in Georgia" and "We don't need Sodom and Gomorrah." Some women waved so called symbolic bundles of nettle to "beat the gay people", including one woman who labeled the rally a "gay parade" held by "sick people ... against our traditions and ... morals" and proclaiming her readiness to fight. Despite a heavy police presence, the protestors stormed the barricades protecting the pro-LGBT rally. At least 28 people were slightly injured, with many trapped in buses and nearby shops and homes that were attacked by the protestors. According to a video from the scene, the police saved one young man from an apparent lynching by several dozen people. According to Georgian Young Lawyers' Association, however, the state "failed to ensure conduct of the scheduled event ... and thus [the] rights of rally participants to assembly and manifestation were grossly violated." Observers indicated that the police allowed Orthodox clergymen and other demonstrators to enter the barricaded area and were, in private communications, cynical and humiliating to the rally participants. Prime Minister Bidzina Ivanishvili, along with other leading officials, condemned the violence. He said, "The right to gather peacefully and to freely express one's opinion is fundamental to our democracy. Every Georgian citizen benefits fully and equally from this right. Acts of violence, discrimination and restriction of the rights of others will not be tolerated, and any perpetrators of such acts will be dealt with according to the law."
Georgian Prime Minister Bidzina Ivanishvili stated that "sexual minorities are the same citizens as we are... [and that] the society will gradually get used to it." 
In 2014, the Georgian Orthodox Church declared May 17 "a day of family sanctity" and promised to protect family values. Since then, the Day of the Holiness of the Family is celebrated every year with rallies in Tbilisi and other cities.
Besides Identoba, Equality Movement (თანასწორობის მოძრაობა) is another Georgian LGBT advocacy group striving for equal human rights for LGBT people.
On 12 May 2018, protests demanding drug liberalization started in Georgia following the police raids of nightclubs in Tbilisi. In response, fascist and conservative groups mobilized their supporters to quash the protests. The fascist and conservative groups also stated that they would not allow a planned pro-LGBT rally to be held on 17 May to mark the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia. As a result, LGBT activists decided to cancel their rally.
In February 2019, it was announced that the first LGBT Pride Week and Tbilisi Pride would take place from 18 to 23 June in Tbilisi. The event would include a "March of Dignity", which would be held on 23 June, and according to the organisers "it will not take the form of a holiday nor of a carnival because we are not in the mood for a celebration now". Ultra-right groups, such as the Georgian March organization, responded by threatening to violently attack the participants. Sandro Bregadze, one of the leaders of the organization, said "they will have to march over our dead bodies if they decide to hold this celebration of perversion". On 31 May 2019, just two weeks before the planned event, the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Georgia said that it was "impossible" for Tbilisi Pride to go ahead in the planned locations in the city centre "due to safety risks", and recommended a closed event indoors at a facility such as a stadium or a club. Civil society organisations including the Open Society Georgia Foundation, Human Rights Education and the Monitoring Center and Georgian Young Lawyer's Association called upon law enforcers to "take adequate measures to secure security of participants in peaceful assembly", and said that "It's the State's obligation to ensure timely and adequate protection [of Tbilisi Pride participants] from possible violence". They called the ministry's actions "humiliating, anti-state, and anti-constitutional". The Equality Movement, which is the organizer of Tbilisi Pride, said they had been experiencing pressure for the past weeks from an "unidentified government official" to cancel the march. The organisers said that "he tried to make us change or abolish our plans by intimidating us. It is not the first time that the government has resorted to intimidation and terror towards LGBT people". The organisers accused the authorities of trying to "hide LGBT people" instead of tackling the hatred and aggression towards them. They promised that they would carry on working on various events despite the ministry's position. On 20 June 2019, following riots, Tbilisi Pride postponed the march due to take place on 23 June. Organisers said that "in this political situation we cannot allow ourselves to further escalate the tensions in the country. We will not give pro-Russian, neo-fascist groups the opportunity to weaken Georgia's statehood. However, on 8 July 2019, about 20 to 40 demonstrators, including human rights activists and members of the LGBT community, held an impromptu, small scale pride parade for about 30 minutes outside the Ministry of Internal Affairs while holding signs and rainbow flags and flying a drone that carried a rainbow flag over protestors who had gathered in front of the Parliament. Reports suggested information concerning the march was leaked online, raising security concerns, as several violent radicals, including clerics, nationalist groups and their supporters gathered at several locations in Tbilisi to prevent the march from taking place. Far-right anti-gay groups planned to disperse protesters, however, the march had already been completed when they arrived at the place. Opponents spend the whole night on central Rustaveli Avenue protesting against Tbilisi Pride and demanding the abolishment of the anti-discrimination law and introducing a law banning what they called "perverted behavior".
On 17 May 2019, after warnings from far-right groups that anti-homophobic demonstrations would be met with violence, activists abstained from holding a demonstration in Tbilisi for that year's International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia over safety concerns and decided to limit themselves to online campaigns only, and hung a lone rainbow flag in Tbilisi. Meanwhile, hundreds of priests, churchgoers and far-right groups took to the streets to protest "sodomy". Some of them came out to celebrate "Family Purity Day", a holiday created by the Georgian Orthodox Church in 2014, a year after thousands of people led by priests attacked several dozen LGBT rights demonstrators in the city.
On 5 July 2021, Tbilisi Pride was violently disrupted by far-right groups on Rustaveli Avenue in Tbilisi, leaving 53 media workers who were covering the events injured. Anti-LGBT protesters also raided offices belonging to the NGO Tbilisi Pride and Shame Movement which organized the event. Shortly after, the European Union flag was taken down in front of the parliament and a Christian cross was raised by the far-right groups. 10,000 people were reported on the anti-LGBT protests.
Due to violence in 2021, Tbilisi Pride announced that they would hold only closed events next year on a private property. On 2 July 2022, a LGBT pride festival was held on a private property in Tbilisi, which faced significant opposition from the far-right groups, but the police blocked them from reaching the area. The far-right groups organized the protests on Rustaveli Avenue near the parliament. The protesters demanded the US Ambassador to Georgia, Kelly Degnan, and the head of the EU mission Carl Hartzell, to leave the country and apologize for supporting the Tbilisi Pride. The protesters burned the flags of European Union and NATO. 
Shortly after the LGBT pride festival, far-right media organization Alt-Info started to collect signatures to ban "LGBT propaganda" in Georgia. In December 2022, a draft law was submitted to the Georgian Parliament, which would amend the Georgian law on "Assemblies and Demonstrations" and ban all "assemblies and manifestations, which aim or possibly can display, popularize or promote sexual orientation of any kind".
In July 2023, around 2000 anti-LGBT+ protesters, including Orthodox Christian clergy, disrupted and forced the cancellation of a Tbilisi Pride event. The protestors clashed with the police and caused damage to rainbow flags and signs. Organizers accused the authorities of collusion with the demonstrators, while a government minister cited challenges in policing the open area near Lisi Lake where the event took place and that the police had evacuated the participants to safety. President Salome Zurabishvili and others criticized the authorities for their handling of the situation and their alleged failure to address public incitement of violence against LGBT+ activists leading up to the protests. Georgian media reported that about 5,000 people took part in the anti-LGBT protests.
Social attitudes.
In October 2007, one of the contestants on the reality TV show "Bar-4" outed himself on public television. After reportedly receiving a call from the head of the Georgian Orthodox Church Ilia II of Georgia, the Georgian President allegedly pressured the producers of the show into evicting the gay participant from the TV program.
According to a 2009 social attitude questionnaire, homosexuals were named as one of the most disliked groups in society – with most respondents preferring an alcoholic rather than homosexual colleague at work. According to the same questionnaires, an estimated 91.5 percent of Georgians thought that homosexuality is "never acceptable".
A 2016 opinion poll identified that negative attitudes towards LGBTI people were still dominant in Georgia. Respondents expressed more negative attitudes towards bisexual and gender non-conforming men than bisexual and gender non-conforming women. Attitudes towards lesbians and gay persons were equally negative. The study showed that adverse attitudes towards lesbian and gay people had various predictors. Biphobic attitudes in Georgian society were stronger than homophobic sentiment. The higher level of biphobia was determined by bisexuality being perceived as a "fluid, unstable orientation". In terms of transphobia, sex constitutes a significant predictor: men were more inclined to express negative attitudes towards transgender and gender non-conforming persons than women. Negative attitudes towards select groups varied by village/town/capital, gender, age, level of contact/acquaintance with the LGBT community, and level of knowledge about homosexuality. Homo/bi/transphobic attitudes were largely determined by respondents' perceptions of traditional gender roles, and the level of right-wing authoritarianism and religious fundamentalism (the degree of influence evidently varies among individual groups). Respondents ranking high on the right-wing authoritarianism and religious fundamentalism scales far more frequently exhibited negative attitudes towards LGBT community members. The more rigid the respondents' understanding of traditional gender roles, the higher they rank on the homophobia, biphobia and transphobia scales.
A 2016 Pew Research Center poll found that 90% of Georgians believed homosexuality is “morally wrong”, with only prostitution being more unacceptable.
In October 2017, Georgian football player Guram Kashia expressed support for LGBT rights, appearing at a match in the Netherlands with a rainbow armband as part of National Coming Out Day. Far-right groups held rowdy protests and violent riots in front of the Georgian Football Federation, demanding Kashia's expulsion from the national team. 8 people were arrested at the riots. Other fundamentalists, including singer Gia Korkotashvili, appeared on national television, screaming prophecies of an imminent gay apocalypse. However, many supported Kashia's right to freedom of speech including many other athletes and politicians. These included President Giorgi Margvelashvili. Kakha Kaladze, a retired footballer, former Deputy Prime Minister and newly elected Mayor of Tbilisi, expressed support for Kashia, saying: "We are a democratic country. Everyone has the right to express their views, regardless of their nationality, sexual orientation or religion." In 2018, Kashia received the UEFA #EqualGame Award for his support of the LGBT community. In response to winning the award, Kashia said "I believe in equality for everyone, no matter what you believe in, who you love or who you are."
In the October 2017 local elections, Nino Bolkvadze, an openly gay candidate, ran for a Tbilisi City Assembly seat as a member of the Republican Party. Bolkvadze was the first openly gay candidate to run for public office in Georgia. While her candidacy was ultimately unsuccessful, her run was reported as a significant shift in the conservative country.
In 2017, the Prosecutor's Office examined 86 alleged hate crimes, 12 of which were based on sexual orientation and 37 on gender identity. The Public Defender's 2018 report said violence against LGBT people, whether in the family or in public spaces, was a serious problem in Georgia, and that the Government has been unable to respond to this challenge. The report stated that the Public Defender had received numerous complaints regarding homophobic attitudes from law enforcement officials.
In 2018, a poll by the National Democratic Institute (NDI) showed that only 23% of the Georgian population believed that the protection of LGBT rights was important, while 44% thought the protection of LGBT rights was not important and 26% had a neutral attitude. The results showed a 2% gain in support for LGBT people compared to 2015, when 21% of the population considered the protection of their rights as important. The 2019 poll saw a 4% increase in support for LGBT rights across all groups of society with 27% of Georgians saying that protecting the rights of queer people is important.
In December 2018, Beso Danelia, a politician from the conservative party Democratic Movement – United Georgia who used a homophobic slur against Levan Berianidze, an LGBT rights activist, on TV, was issued a fine of ₾1 ($0.37) by the Tbilisi City Court. The incident occurred in April 2016 on Kavkasia TV. Berianidze, who heads the local LGBT rights group Equality Movement, claimed Danelia insulted them and then tried to physically attack him but was held back by staff at the television company. They appealed to the court, demanding compensation of ₾500 ($190) from Danelia for moral damages. In its ruling, the court upheld Berianidze's claim that their dignity was violated by the homophobic slur, but ordered Danelia to pay only ₾1, the minimum fine. Although the ruling set a precedent, as it was the first time a fine had been issued on these grounds, the activist argued the ruling could give the green light for others to express homophobic hate, and said that the court had ridiculed them in their judgement. They said "the court's ruling is basically mocking, and it will encourage homophobic behaviour, because they will know that it will cost them only ₾1". They also said he was considering appealing the ruling.
In December 2018, the Tbilisi City Court ruled in the case of a 15-year-old boy who had attacked an LGBT rights activist on the International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia. The 15-year-old punched LGBT activist Nika Gorgiladze in the face as he gave a speech about love in front of the Government Chancellery building on 17 May. The assailant was immediately detained by police as he attempted to flee the scene. The prosecution brought charges of persecution with violence, punishable by a fine, house arrest or up to three years' imprisonment. However, the court decided to enroll the boy in a juvenile diversion programme, meaning he might not be prosecuted as an adult and would instead be observed by a social worker.
Discussions about LGBT acceptance are often framed in terms of Georgia's bid to join the European Union. While over 80% of Georgians support joining the European Union, large part of the population is socially conservative and very religious. According to the 2021 study by International Social Survey Programme (ISSIP), 84% of the Georgian public thinks that sexual relations between two adults of the same sex are always wrong, which is the highest score in Europe.
In a poll by NDI from August 2022, 38% of the respondents considered the protection of LGBT rights important, while around same number of people said that the protection was not important. In contrast, 92% of the respondents said that the protection of rights of people with disabilities was important.
According to the World Values Survey study published in 2022, 91% of the Georgian public thinks that homosexuality is not justifiable.

</doc>
<doc id="7015266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015266" title="Andrew phillip smith">
Andrew phillip smith



</doc>
<doc id="7015267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015267" title="Virginia State Highway 895">
Virginia State Highway 895



</doc>
<doc id="7015270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015270" title="MP3 Downloader">
MP3 Downloader



</doc>
<doc id="7015271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015271" title="Kinjarapu Yerran Naidu">
Kinjarapu Yerran Naidu

Kinjarapu Yerran Naidu (23 February 1957 – 2 November 2012) was an Indian politician from Andhra Pradesh. He served as the Union Minister in H. D. Deve Gowda and I. K. Gujral Cabinets. Formerly, he was the Legislator of Andhra Pradesh, won four times from the Harishchandrapuram. Further, he contested successfully from Srikakulam Parliament four times.
Early life.
Yerran Naidu was born on 23 February 1957, in a Velama family in Nimmada, a remote village in the Srikakulam district of Andhra Pradesh. He has a brother, Kinjarapu Atchannaidu, who is also a politician. He has a son Kinjarapu Ram Mohan Naidu, who is also a politician.
Career.
Naidu obtained a law degree with first division from the Andhra University in Visakhapatnam, and joined the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) in 1982 when it was formed by popular Telugu cinema actor N. T. Rama Rao.
In 1983, Naidu was elected to the state assembly from Harishchandrapuram in his native district at the age of 25, becoming one of the youngest Members of the Legislative Assembly(MLA). He was re-elected in 1985. Denied a TDP ticket in 1989, he fought as an independent and was re-elected to the assembly. He later returned to the party fold and was elected for the fourth consecutive term in 1994.
He backed N. Chandrababu Naidu when the latter led a revolt against N.T. Rama Rao and became a minister in 1995. He was the Government Chief Whip from 1995 to 1996.
Popularly known as Yeranna among TDP circles, Naidu was fielded by the party in the 1996 Indian general election in Andhra Pradesh. Elected to the Lok Sabha from the Srikakulam constituency, he emerged as a key TDP leader in national politics. With the TDP joining the United Front Government, Naidu became a minister at the centre, holding the portfolio of Rural Development and Employment.
He retained the Lok Sabha seat in the 1998 and 1999 elections. Two days before polling in the 2004 elections, he survived an assassination bid by Naxalites (Maoist Communists) who attempted to bomb his vehicle in Singupuram town in Srikakulam district. Re-elected to parliament, he was made the party leader in the Lok Sabha.
In the 2009 elections, Naidu was defeated by the Congress party's Killi Krupa Rani, who was inducted into the Union ministry on 28 October 2012.
Death.
Naidu died from a heart attack after a car accident in his native district Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh around 2:00 am of 2 November 2012 while returning from a marriage ceremony at Visakhapatnam.The incident took place when a car in which he was travelling was hit by an oil tanker from behind near Ranasthalam in Srikakulam district in north coastal Andhra, about 25 km from Srikakulam. A severely-injured Naidu was transported to Krishna Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS) in Srikakulam town, where the doctors' efforts to resuscitate him failed. He was declared dead around 3:30 am.

</doc>
<doc id="7015272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015272" title="Monsieur Alphonse">
Monsieur Alphonse



</doc>
<doc id="7015273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015273" title="Phibian">
Phibian



</doc>
<doc id="7015277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015277" title="LGBTQ rights in Latvia">
LGBTQ rights in Latvia

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBTQ) rights in Latvia have expanded substantially in recent years, although LGBT people still face various challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Both male and female types of same-sex sexual activity are legal in Latvia, but households headed by same-sex couples are ineligible for the same legal protections available to opposite-sex couples. Since May 2022, same-sex couples have been recognized as "family" by the Administrative District Court, which gives them some of the legal protections available to married (opposite-sex) couples; as of 2023 November, around 40 couples have been registered via this procedure. In November 2023 registered partnerships were codified into law. These partnerships are available to both same and different sex couples - since July 1, 2024 the implemented registered partnership law has the similar rights and obligations as married couples - with the exception of the title of marriage, and adoption or inheritance rights.
The democratization process in Latvia has allowed lesbians and gays to establish organizations and infrastructural elements such as bars, clubs, stores, libraries, etc. Cultural, educational and other events can be held. However LGBT people in Latvia continue to face widespread discrimination in society. In November 2014, Foreign Minister Edgars Rinkēvičs came out via Twitter, becoming the first openly LGBT elected official in the country. In July 2023, Rinkēvičs was promoted to become president of Latvia. In 2023, ILGA-Europe ranked Latvia 24th out of 27 European Union countries for the protection of LGBT rights. Latvia is the only Baltic country and Northern European country which does not fully ban all anti-gay discrimination and still has yet to allow some form of adoption of same-sex couples.
Law regarding same-sex sexual activity.
In 1992, soon after Latvia regained independence from the Soviet Union, homosexuality was decriminalized. In 1999, the age of consent was equalized and set at 16, regardless of gender and/or sexual orientation.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Latvia does not recognise same-sex marriage, however, civil unions were legalized in 2023, taking effect from July of 2024. The implemented registered partnership law has similar rights and obligations as married couples - with the exception of adoption and inheritance rights.
In 2006, Latvia amended its Constitution to prohibit same-sex marriage. Article 110 of the Latvian Constitution formerly read, "The State shall protect and support marriage, the family, the rights of parents and rights of the child. The State shall provide special support to disabled children, children left without parental care or who have suffered from violence." The first sentenced of Article 110 was amended to read: "The State shall protect and support marriage – a union between a man and a woman, the family, the rights of parents and rights of the child."
On 30 January 2015, an MP submitted a proposal for a partnership law, which would have allowed "any two persons" to register a partnership. This would have given cohabiting couples almost the same benefits and obligations as marriage. The proposal was rejected by the Legal Affairs Committee on 24 February 2015. The Committee questioned the intent on changing the Civil Code, focusing on the 2006 constitutional same-sex marriage ban and how far-reaching the benefits of a "marriage-like" partnership would be, while suggesting that any new form of relationships may need to start from the ground up. Veiko Spolītis, who submitted the proposal, clarified that attaching a gender-neutral partnership provision to the existing code would be the fastest way for the bill to become law. Despite the setback, Spolītis has stated that discussions on the issue shall continue nevertheless. Fellow Unity Party member, Ilze Viņķele, has since promised to develop and submit a brand new draft law. In March 2015, a public petition was started by minor party For Latvia's Development for adopting a partnership law, which would provide for the recognition of registered and unregistered partnerships between couples of any sex. In October 2018, the Ombudsman called on lawmakers to pass a partnership law for both opposite-sex and same-sex couples, citing statistics that showed that about half of Latvian children are born out of wedlock, and that these families should enjoy legal protections and rights. On 20 June 2019, Saeima MPs voted against sending the partnership bill to further discussion and review in parliamentary commissions. Only 23 members voted for the bill, 60 voted against it and one member abstained. Supporters of the bill have said that they will persevere and try to persuade deputies to discuss it again in the future. In 2022, following a 2020 court ruling in favor of parental leave rights for same-sex couples, the Justice Ministry introduced a draft law that would create civil unions, giving same-sex couples some of the same rights and responsibilities as marriage.
In June 2018, the European Court of Justice ruled that EU members states must grant married same-sex couples, where at least one partner is an EU citizen, full residency rights and recognise their freedom of movement. No other rights of marriage are conferred to the couple.
Adoption and family planning.
Latvian law allows any person over 25 to adopt. However, persons who are not married to each other may not adopt the same child. This means that for unmarried couples only one partner may adopt a child. However, lesbian couples can get access to IVF and assisted insemination treatment.
In April 2023, the Saeima passed a series of amendments to the Law on the Protection of the Children's Rights to ban the adoption of Latvian children by foreign same-sex couples.
Discrimination protections.
In September 2006, Latvia's Parliament, the Saeima, passed amendments to the Labour Code () prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in the workplace. The Saeima had initially omitted such protections, but President Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga refused to sign the bill until it was added.
Gender identity and expression.
It is possible to surgically affirm gender in Latvia and to legally change identity to reflect this. Latvian law does not define "sex change", but a medical certificate must be submitted to the authorities in order to legally change gender. However, in 2004, authorities denied a change of legal identity to a transgender person who had undergone a partial sex change. The person, who reported having knowledge of another case in which their legal sex was changed after a partial sex change, took legal action. The Supreme Court of Latvia ruled in 2008, that in this particular case, legal identity should have been changed as the authority had done so in similar cases and the person, already presenting as male, might face a variety of issues having to legally identify as female. This resulted in a 2009 legislative proposal to amend laws, which would have made it mandatory for transgender people to undergo sterilization (which could have caused further legal complications) in order to change their legal gender. The amendments were, however, rejected by the Saeima (Parliament).
Military service.
Lesbians, gays and bisexuals are allowed to serve openly in the Latvian Armed Forces.
Living conditions.
Only in the capital, Riga, there is a small gay scene. Elsewhere in Latvia, however, the sparse population means there is no gay scene. There are few publicly prominent persons who openly identify themselves as gay or lesbian, for example Latvian American journalist Kārlis Streips, President Edgars Rinkēvičs, and former Deputy Rector of the Riga Graduate School of Law Linda Freimane. In the 2018 parliamentary elections, Rinkēvičs was reelected as Foreign Minister and Marija Golubeva, who would later serve as Minister of Interior, became Latvia's first openly lesbian politician, winning a seat for the Development/For! (AP!) party. AP! has declared itself a "pro-LGBT" party.
Most people in Latvia have prejudices against homosexuality, usually rooted in social conservatism and lingering preconceptions dating from the Soviet period. An example of this is the belief that homosexuality and pedophilia are linked phenomena. Such popularly held anti-gay sentiments had grown increasingly by 2008, exploited by various religious groups and politicians.
In 2002, Māris Sants, an openly gay minister, was defrocked and excommunicated from the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. Archbishop Jānis Vanags later declared in a public statement, "Why Māris Sants was fired", that Sants was not removed from office because he was gay, but because he in his sermons publicly promoted, instead of condemning, the "sinful" homosexual "lifestyle". When pastor Juris Cālītis, then also dean of the University of Latvia's Faculty of Theology, not only publicly criticised the improper way in which Sants's case was handled by the Church Synod, but also allowed Sants to co-officiate in a church service, Cālītis, too, was removed from office and expelled from the church by Vanags. This case helped to create a public debate in Latvia regarding the need for legislation to protect LGBT persons from discrimination by employers.
Due to prevailing negative attitudes in society, and particularly the violent actions of a vocal anti-LGBT minority (e.g. National Power Unity), there is a fear that further lobbying for the rights of sexual minorities will provoke an even stronger backlash. In a February 2007 survey of 537 LGBT persons in Latvia, 82% of respondents said they were not in favour of holding the planned Riga Pride and Friendship Days 2007, while only 7% felt that these events would help promote tolerance against sexual minorities. Nevertheless, the event took place in 2007; in contrast with 2005 where counter-protestors greatly outnumbered Pride attendees and in 2006 where the event was banned. It was peaceful and the 500 pride-goers outnumbered around 100 counter-protestors. However, a simultaneous anti-Pride event attracted around 1,000 attendees. In 2015, Europride took place in Riga attracting around 5,000 participants, while a few dozens participated in a protest meeting against the event.
Baltic Pride 2018 was attended by an estimated 8,000 people. The event took place peacefully, with only about a dozen protesters.
LGBT rights movement in Latvia.
Following public manifestations of homophobia surrounding Riga Pride in 2005, some members of the LGBT community, their friends, and family members united to found the organisation Mozaīka ("Mosaic") in order to promote tolerance towards sexual minorities and LGBT rights in Latvian society. In response, an umbrella organisation for co-ordinating anti-LGBT rights activism in Latvia, NoPride, was formed in the run-up to Riga Pride and Friendship Days 2006.
The town of Smiltene in the Vidzeme region, Smiltene Municipality, also had a peaceful flag protest in early 2024, where multiple small pride flags were found in the area.
President of Latvia Edgars Rinkēvičs.
In June 2023, the parliament of Latvia voted 52/100 to formally elect Edgars Rinkēvičs as president of Latvia, making him the first openly gay head of state in the EU.
Public opinion.
A Eurobarometer survey published in December 2006 showed that 12% of Latvians surveyed supported same-sex marriage and 8% supported same-sex adoption (EU-wide average: 44% and 32%, respectively).
The 2015 Eurobarometer found that 19% of Latvians supported same-sex marriage (EU average: 61%). Additionally, 42% of Latvians believed that gay and lesbian people should enjoy the same rights as straight people and 23% believed that there is nothing wrong about a relationship between two people of the same sex (EU average: 71% and 67%, respectively).
A GLOBSEC survey conducted in March 2023 showed that 40% of Latvians supported same-sex marriage, while 46% were opposed and 14% were undecided.
The 2023 Eurobarometer found that 36% of Latvians thought same-sex marriage should be allowed throughout Europe, and 35% agreed that "there is nothing wrong in a sexual relationship between two persons of the same sex".

</doc>
<doc id="7015279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015279" title="Eleochori, Kavala">
Eleochori, Kavala



</doc>
<doc id="7015280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015280" title="La Swap Sixth Form">
La Swap Sixth Form



</doc>
<doc id="7015283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015283" title="Corymore Productions">
Corymore Productions

Corymore Productions is an American television production company that was created and founded in 1987 by producer Peter Shaw and his wife and actress Angela Lansbury.
The couple launched Corymore Productions at Universal Studios with their two sons, David and Anthony, where for twelve years they co-produced the long-running hit television series "Murder, She Wrote", as well as several television movies featuring Lansbury. The company, which produced "", hasn't produced anything since 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="7015290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015290" title="Isaac LeVesconte">
Isaac LeVesconte

Isaac LeVesconte (August 12, 1822 – October 26, 1879) was a Nova Scotia businessman and political figure. He represented Richmond in the House of Commons of Canada as a Conservative member from 1869 to 1874.
He was born at Saint Aubin in Jersey in 1822, was educated at Saint Helier, Jersey, and came to Arichat on Isle Madame at the age of 12. LeVesconte worked in his family's company which sold goods to fisherman and imported and exported goods, including dried fish. He was put in charge of the operation at Arichat in 1855. LeVesconte was elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly in 1863 for Richmond County and served as financial secretary from 1863 to 1864. He was elected to the House of Commons for the 1st Canadian Parliament in an 1869 by-election after the death of William Croke.
LeVesconte retired from politics in 1874 and died in Arichat in 1879.
His grandson, Isaac Duncan MacDougall, later served in the House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="7015292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015292" title="Isaac Le Vesconte">
Isaac Le Vesconte



</doc>
<doc id="7015293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015293" title="Jumbunna railway station">
Jumbunna railway station



</doc>
<doc id="7015294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015294" title="LGBTQ rights in Lithuania">
LGBTQ rights in Lithuania

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) rights in Lithuania have gradually evolved over the years, although LGBT people continue to face legal and societal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Same-sex sexual activity between consenting adults has been legal since 1993. Marriages are limited to opposite-sex couples only by the 1992 constitution.
In April 2025, the Constitutional Court of Lithuania ruled that the absence of legal regulation for partnership institutions, including those applicable to same-sex couples, contradicts the Constitution. The Court emphasized that the state must ensure legal protections for relationships outside marriage, grounded in the principles of human dignity and respect for private and family life.
Negative attitudes against LGBT individuals remain widespread in Lithuanian society. Although tolerance has increased somewhat in urban areas and among younger generations, discrimination and social stigma persist. A GLOBSEC survey conducted in March 2023 found that 22% of Lithuanians supported same-sex marriage, while 60% were opposed and 18% were undecided. Among European Union countries, only Bulgaria showed lower levels of support. Other polls have shown that support for civil unions tends to be higher than support for same-sex marriage.
There are small LGBT communities in Vilnius, Kaunas, Klaipėda, Šiauliai, and Panevėžys. Due to lower population density and prevailing conservative attitudes, smaller towns and rural areas typically lack active LGBT organizations or visible communities.
Legality of same-sex sexual activity.
Same-sex sexual activity, which was illegal in interwar Lithuania and during the occupation of the Soviet Union, was legalized in Lithuania in 1993, two years after the end of the occupation. During the Soviet occupation, homosexuality was considered an undesirable decadence of the bourgeoisie, if acknowledged at all, and the sexual revolution taking place in Western society, considered subversive by the Soviets in its own right, was hindered in this environment by being non-public in nature and by limited access to information "". With the new Criminal Code, the age of consent was equalized in 2003, at 14 years of age, in order to fulfil European Union accession criteria against discrimination. On 2 July 2010, the age of consent was raised to 16 years, regardless of gender or sexual orientation.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
There are several provisions banning the registration of same-sex unions in Lithuania. Article 38 of the Lithuanian Constitution states "Marriage shall be concluded upon the free mutual consent of a man and a woman". Same-sex marriage is also explicitly banned under Article 3.12 of the Civil Code of Lithuania, stating that "Marriage shall be concluded with a person of the opposite sex only". Moreover, the country's Civil Code allows the institution of partnerships to be approved by the legislative authorities, although Article 3.229 of the Code restricts them to heterosexual couples. On 17 April 2025, the Constitutional Court ruled that this restriction was unconstitutional and granted same-sex couples the right to register their partnership with the courts until the Seimas adopts a comprehensive law on registered partnerships. 
During the census of 2011, only 24 same-sex households were declared.
As of 2019, a bill to allow same-sex couples to receive some limited partnership rights is pending in the Parliament. It was preliminarily approved 46–17 in May 2017.
In January 2019, the Constitutional Court ruled that foreign same-sex spouses must be granted residence permits. The ruling follows a similar ruling in 2018 by the European Court of Justice in "Coman and Others".
In May 2021, more than 10,000 people took to the streets in Vilnius to protest against the partnership legislation.
Adoption and parenting.
In general, couples must be married to adopt in Lithuania, so subsequently, same-sex couples are not permitted to adopt. Article 3.210 of the Civil Code states, however, that in exceptional cases, single persons may be accepted. In that case, the decision goes to social workers. Nevertheless, the Commission of Family and Child Affairs of the Lithuanian Parliament "expressed a concern if there were enough legal barriers to prevent people of non-traditional orientation to adopt". Specialists have confirmed that barriers are in place, though it is possible to circumvent them. In consequence, the adoption by single homosexuals in practice is not legally possible.
In September 2021, Lithuanian President Gitanas Nauseda said he is against the demands to let homosexuals adopt children, which had been put forward by organizers of the Kaunas Pride march. He told reporters “I am against such demands and I think that they won’t be met in Lithuania. As the president, I will do my best so that such demands could not be met at this time.” on 2 September.
Discrimination protections.
According to the "Law on Equal Treatment 2003" (), which took effect on 1 January 2005, discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is banned in the areas of employment, education, and access to goods and services. Article 2(2) reads as follows:
Amendments to the law repealing the protections on the grounds of sexual orientation were under consideration by the Seimas (Lithuania's Parliament) in June 2008, but they were later rejected.
In addition, public instigation of violence against LGBT people and other minorities is explicitly banned in Section 170 (3) of the Criminal Code of Lithuania. For example, a 2010 preliminary investigation by Lithuanian authorities revealed that 160 out of about 180 instances of hate speech (most of them online) concerned the LGBT community. The perpetrators are usually fined, and their computers occasionally get confiscated.
Gender identity and expression.
Article 2.27 of the Civil Code allows any non-married person to change legal gender if this is medically possible. The second paragraph states, however, that the procedures for changing gender should be led according to a separate law. The Parliament and the Government of Lithuania refuse to take any actions on adopting such a law after it lost the case of "L v. Lithuania" in the European Court of Human Rights in 2007. Since then, gender change has become possible only with a court's decision and sex reassignment surgery.
It was proposed to eliminate this provision in 2009, and once again in 2013.
In April 2017, the European Court of Human Rights ruled, in "A.P., Garçon and Nicot v. France", that it is discriminatory and a human rights violation to require transgender people to undergo surgery to alter their official documents. Subsequently, two Lithuanian trans men were allowed by Lithuanian courts to change their gender on their official documents without undergoing surgery beforehand. Lithuanian LGBT groups are now calling on future legislation to remove the requirement for surgery to be introduced.
Effective from February 2, 2022, transgender individuals within Lithuania who want to change their legal name can do so legally without sex reassignment surgery under new justice regulations. However, trans people who wish to change their name on official documents will still have to obtain a certificate from a Lithuanian or EU healthcare establishment of “diagnosed transgenderism”.
Freedom of expression.
Despite the advanced anti-discrimination laws, during the last few years, LGBT people have faced some initiatives to limit their rights to public expression.
Public Information Act.
Article 39.1 of the "Public Information Act" (), amended on 30 September 2010 (and coming into effect on 18 October 2010), states that "Any advertisement or a commercial audiovisual message may not announce information humiliating a person's dignity, discriminating on grounds of race, sex or ethnic origin, citizenship, religion or faith, handicap or age; "these messages may not depict or promote a sexual orientation", offend religious feelings or political convictions, promote a behaviour dangerous to health, safety or a behaviour, especially harmful to the environment". It has been argued that the law might also ban any depictions of heterosexual orientation.
Later, it was explained that a "translation error" had occurred. On 16 June 2011, a new amendment was adopted, removing the aforementioned phrase and moreover, adding sexual orientation to the grounds of banned discrimination in the "Public Information Act".
Proposed amendments to the Code of Administrative Offences and to the Criminal Code.
In 2011, it was proposed to amend the Code of Administrative Offences to include the provision "A public propagation of homosexual relations is punishable with a fine from 2000 to 10000 litas." At first, the Parliament allowed a debate to take place, but it later unanimously rejected the proposal. In 2013, a similar amendment was proposed once again. Another bill introduced the same year sought to amend the Criminal Code so that "the criticism of sexual or sexual practices, convictions or beliefs, or persuasion to change this behavior, practices, convictions or beliefs cannot per se be qualified as harassment, denigration, incitement to hatred, discrimination or incitement to discrimination," possibly allowing hate speech based on sexual orientation.
Pride Parade 2010 in Vilnius.
In 2007, the Vilnius City Council refused to grant permission for the public meetings of LGBT advocates in May and October citing "security reasons".
In 2010, the Vilnius City Council allowed Lithuania's gay pride parade, Baltic Pride 2010, to take place on 8 May 2010. A court stopped the parade from proceeding shortly before the parade was due to take place after the Attorney General acted. The Attorney General, Raimundas Petrauskas, cited security as the reason for his involvement. President Dalia Grybauskaitė voiced her opposition to the court ruling through her spokesperson citing the constitutional right to peaceful assembly. This decision was overturned by a higher court just one day before the parade took place. With a heavy police presence, Baltic Pride 2010 took place to much violence from opponents of gay rights. Twelve violent protesters were arrested.
Subsequent pride parades.
The Baltic Pride parade rotates through the Baltic states on a yearly basis and in 2013, it was again Lithuania's turn to host the event. This time, the parade attracted much more attention because Lithuania at that time was in charge of the presidency of the Council of the European Union.
In January 2013, the Lithuanian Gay League (LGL) lodged a submission to the Vilnius Municipality in order to hold a parade on 27 July 2013. Unlike in 2010, LGL would not settle for an outer spot and demanded to march on Gedimino Avenue, located in the very centre of Vilnius. The Vilnius Municipality denied this submission arguing that it would be difficult to assure the appropriate safety measures. The LGL listed a complaint to the Vilnius Administrative Court requesting it to order the Vilnius Municipality to allow the march on Gedimino Avenue. Although the Mayor of Vilnius, Artūras Zuokas, consistently repeated that the municipality would implement the lower court's verdict, the case had to run through all judicial instancies. On 23 July 2013, four days before the set date, the Chief Administrative Court ordered the municipality to fully serve LGL's submission.
Approximately 500 people participated in the Baltic Pride 2013 and over 1,000 (the majority of whom were protesters) gathered around the Gedimino Avenue. Due to heavy police forces, no major disturbances took place, with only 28 people being arrested for causing public disorder, one of which was an anti-gay Lithuanian MP, Petras Gražulis. Baltic Pride 2013 included some prominent attendees, such as the Swedish Minister for European Union Affairs Birgitta Ohlsson, and American LGBT rights activist Stuart Milk. Vladimir Simonko, the leader of LGL, called Baltic Pride 2013 a festivity for the whole city of Vilnius and did not dismiss the idea of organizing an annual LGBT pride parade in Lithuania.
The 2016 Baltic Pride parade attracted about 3,000 people. The event took place without any serious injury.
The 2019 Baltic Pride parade took place between 4–9 June in Vilnius. Around 10,000 people marched at the event on 8 June 2019.
In 2020, the first Vilnius Pride march took place.
In 2023, the Vilnius Pride march took place, and around 5,000 people took part in the event.
Former legislation.
Law on the Protection of Minors.
On 16 June 2009, the Lithuanian Parliament approved an amendment to the "Law on the Protection of Minors against the Detrimental Effects of Public Information" (), which would have effectively banned the "promotion of homosexual relations". The amendment was scheduled to go into effect on 1 March 2010. Even though it was vetoed by the President citing "lack of definitions", the veto was overturned by the Parliament. The wording of the law forbade the "propaganda of homosexual, bisexual or polygamous relations". According to some politicians who voted in favor, the possibility of defining "propaganda" should be left to lawyers.
On 17 September 2009, the European Parliament passed a resolution condemning the law and requesting the EU Fundamental Rights Agency issue a legal opinion on it. On 10 November 2009, the Lithuanian Parliament (Seimas) answered by adopting a resolution requesting the Government to seek the invalidation of the EP Resolution, which it condemned as an unlawful act. The EU Fundamental Rights Agency wrote to the European Parliament that it was not going to submit the requested legal opinion, given that it had no mandate to evaluate the legislation of member states.
Newly elected President Dalia Grybauskaitė expressed her strong disapproval of the law and formed a commission to elaborate a draft to repeal the discriminatory provisions. On 22 December 2009, the clauses banning the promotion among minors of "homosexual, bisexual, and polygamous relations" were eliminated, but as a compromise, the paragraph was replaced by a "ban to spread information that would promote sexual relations or other conceptions of concluding a marriage or creating a family other than established in the Constitution or the Civil Code". It has been argued that this provision is the first step towards instituting a ban on criticizing the Government and its decisions and thus – a menace to democracy in the country. Proponents of the law claimed to be led by a desire to protect traditional family and children; some of them have expressed the opinion that the law would ban any information in public about homosexuality, regardless of its accessibility to minors or ban any public discussions and LGBT-related events. ("So we propose to establish a limit that the promotion in public places is not possible to protect the mentioned three articles of the Constitution, but without doubt in some interior premisses those people have the right to organize events, to promote, to discuss") The new version was signed by the President, satisfied that "the homophobic provisions [had] been repealed".
Significantly, the same law forbade mocking and bullying on the grounds of sexual orientation. It also possessed a number of other amendments, such as prohibiting the promotion of unhealthy nutrition to minors, a ban on information that "profanes family values", the depiction of hypnosis, etc.
The amendment was sometimes compared to Section 28, the act which prohibited discussion of homosexuality in British schools.
During its existence, there were several attempts to apply the anti-LGBTQ provisions of the law. It was unsuccessfully cited to ban the Gay Pride parade in 2010, and in 2013, and successfully referenced to declare one advertisement related to the Vilnius Gay Pride 2013 as appropriate to be broadcast at night time only and with the adult content logo. The reason given by the Board of Experts of Journalism Ethics Inspector Service was that one person in the advertisement had a T-shirt with an inscription in Lithuanian "For the diversity of families". In their opinion, it encouraged a different conception of family and marriage than established in Lithuanian laws.
In 2014, based on similar grounds, the same institution recommended restricting the distribution of a children's book of tales titled "Gintarinė širdis" ("Amber Heart") published by the Lithuanian University of Educational Sciences, because two stories in it were related to same-sex relationships. The Board ordered the book to be labelled "Not suitable for children under 14 years" and referring to this recommendation, the Ministry of Culture banned the book altogether. The case have been escalated to the European Court of Human Rights in November 2019, and was heard by the Grand Chamber on 23 March 2022. In January 2023, the Court ruled that the government's actions were in violation of article 10, the right to freedom of expression, of the treaty.
In 2014, a video clip of a gay rights organisation promoting tolerance towards LGBT people was refused to air by all major Lithuanian TV stations despite not having any overt sexuality-related content, fearing a potential breach of the "Law on the Protection of Minors". The breach was later unanimously confirmed by the Board of Experts of Journalism Ethics Inspector Service.
On 18 December 2024, the Constitutional Court of Lithuania declared the anti-LGBT provisions of the Law of the Protection of Minors a violation of Article 25 of the Constitution of Lithuania, which guarantees freedom of speech, and Article 38 of the Constitution, which defines family as "the foundation of society and the state" and that the state protects and cares for the family, motherhood, fatherhood, and childhood. According to the Constitutional Court, the Seimas did not clearly define in the disputed provisions of the law what information disparages family values and promotes a different concept of marriage and family formation than that enshrined in the Constitution and the Civil Code, and therefore must be classified as information that has a negative impact on minors, and thus "created the premises for narrowing the content of the family as a constitutional institution".
Military service.
Gays, lesbians, and bisexuals are allowed to serve openly in the military.
Living conditions.
In March 2016, a Vilnius street mural depicting American President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin kissing went viral.
In May 2017, in honour of the International Day against Homophobia, the Vilnius Town Hall was illuminated in rainbow colours. The event was welcomed by the City Mayor, the U.S. Ambassador, and other politicians. That same day, the Parliament held an art exhibit with LGBT rights as its theme.
Political support.
The Freedom Party supports legalising same-sex marriage in Lithuania. Some politicians from other political parties, mostly representatives of the Lithuanian Social Democratic Party (notably Marija Aušrinė Pavilionienė) and the Liberals' Movement of the Republic of Lithuania (notably Leonidas Donskis) have expressed their support for LGBT rights and initiated a few laws and resolutions supporting LGBT rights. The main organizations defending LGBT rights in Lithuania are the Tolerant Youth Association and the Lithuanian Gay League. MP Rokas Žilinskas was the first member of Parliament to come out as gay.
Public opinion.
A European Union member poll, conducted in 2006, showed Lithuania at 17% support for same-sex marriage and 12% for rights of adoption, among the lowest in the EU. Another study, conducted in 2006, showed that 42% of respondents would agree on a same-sex civil partnership law, 12% on same-sex marriage, and 13% on the right to adopt. Support for same-sex couples' rights somewhat diminished afterwards. A 2012 study revealed a 10% support for same-sex partnerships, 7% for same-sex marriages, while an identical study in 2013 showed only a 7% support for partnerships and 5% support for marriages. However, the 2015 Eurobarometer showed support for same-sex marriage at 24%, and 44% believed that gay people should receive the same rights as straight people.
A poll conducted in 2009 showed that only 16% of Lithuanians would approve of a gay pride march in the capital Vilnius and 81.5% of respondents considered homosexuality as a perversion, disease, or paraphilia.
A 2016 Pew Research Center poll found that 69% of Lithuanians believed homosexuality should not be accepted by society.
The 2019 Eurobarometer found that 30% of Lithuanians thought same-sex marriage should be allowed throughout Europe, 63% were against.
Following 2020, a few anti-gender political parties and movements emerged, most notably the Lithuanian Family Movement, which opposes same-sex civil unions, same-sex marriages and adoption, deeming them to be unconstitutional and a threat to the traditional nuclear families and children.
The 2023 Eurobarometer found that 39% of Lithuanians thought same-sex marriage should be allowed throughout Europe, and 42% agreed that "there is nothing wrong in a sexual relationship between two persons of the same sex".

</doc>
<doc id="7015295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015295" title="Schizoid Man">
Schizoid Man



</doc>
<doc id="7015296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015296" title="Joseph Ebuya">
Joseph Ebuya

Joseph Ebuya (born 20 June 1987) is a Kenyan professional runner who specialises in the 5000 metres and was the 2010 IAAF World Cross Country Championships champion.
Early life and career.
Ebuya is a rare example of a runner representing the Turkana people. He was born in Baragoi, but moved with his family from place to place, including Rumuruti and Nyahururu. He is based at the PACE Sports Management training camp in Kaptagat. His sister, Alice Aprot, is also a runner and an African champion.
He began running competitively in 2003 after having seen Benjamin Limo (among others), doing training runs. Ebuya looked to follow and emulate Limo. Ebuya began to reach the elite level in 2005, representing the Rift Valley Province at the Kenyan Championships before heading to the European track and field circuit. Quick performances over 5000 metres in the Netherlands led to an appearance at the Memorial van Damme Golden League meeting later that season.
His first opportunity to compete internationally for Kenya came at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne and he just finished outside of the medals in the 5000 metres, beaten into fourth place by Fabiano Joseph Naasi. The following month he ran in the junior race at the 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships. Again he was fourth, this time beaten by Tariku Bekele), although he shared in the team victory with Mangata Ndiwa and Leonard Komon. Success awaited him on the track at the 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics, as he took the bronze medal over 5000 m. He was called upon to compete in the 10,000 metres as Kenya's representative Thomas Longosiwa was found to be overage. The situation worked in Ebuya's favour as he ran a personal best of 28:53.46 which brought him the silver medal behind Ethiopian teenager Ibrahim Jeilan. Eighth place at the 2006 IAAF World Athletics Final rounded off his first season of international competition.
He had mixed fortunes in 2007: he missed out on a place in the Kenyan world cross country team, although he secured a place in the 5000 m for the 2007 World Championships in Athletics by finishing as runner-up at the Kenyan track trials. He misjudged his run in the heats at the championships, however, and a decision to stick within the pack in a slow race saw him out-sprinted and eliminated in the first round. He sought to make up for his abortive start at the senior global level by focusing on the circuit. He was in the top four in two Golden League meets and went on to take a silver medal over 3000 metres at the 2007 IAAF World Athletics Final.
World Cross Country gold.
He was fourth in the senior race at the 2008 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, helping Kenya to the team gold. He ran in the 5000 m at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics and reached the final, although he placed thirteenth in the race.
He signalled his strong form at the start of 2010 with a win at the Great Edinburgh Cross Country, beating elite opposition in Eliud Kipchoge and Kenenisa Bekele. He followed this up by taking the men's senior title at the 2010 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, succeeding the absent Kenenisa Bekele to bring an end to a decade-long break for Kenya, whose last winner had been Paul Tergat in 1999.
He competed on the road running circuit later that year and set a United Kingdom all-comers record for the 10-mile distance with a win at the Great South Run. His time of 45:16 was the fastest of the season and knocked over 40 seconds off the previous UK-soil record – a mark achieved at the same race fifteen years earlier by Benson Masya. He ran at the Cross de Atapuerca in November but was outdone by world silver medallist Teklemariam Medhin in the final straight and had to settle for second. He became the first athlete to win twice at the Soria meeting by out-kicking Mathew Kisorio a few weeks later, and also won the Cross de l'Acier and Cross de la Constitución titles. He continued his strong form into 2011, winning in Amorebieta and at the Campaccio. The Kenyan National Cross Country Championships in February proved to be the undoing of his cross season, as he failed to finish and missed opportunities to defend his world title and compete at the African Cross Country Championships.
Competing on the roads, he took third at the UAE Healthy Kidney 10K behind Leonard Komon and Micah Kogo – both world record breakers in the event. An injury ruled him out for the rest of the track and road racing seasons and he made a return in November to win the Cross de l'Acier for a second time, beating the 2011 World Champion Imane Merga. He was beaten into second by Kidane Tadese at the Cross de la Constitución, but retained his title at the Cross Zornotza.

</doc>
<doc id="7015298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015298" title="Outtrim North railway station">
Outtrim North railway station



</doc>
<doc id="7015299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015299" title="Schizoid Man (comics)">
Schizoid Man (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="7015300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015300" title="Cana (disambiguation)">
Cana (disambiguation)

CANA or Cana, also spelled Kana and Qana, may refer to:
CANA.
CANA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7015301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015301" title="Leaving cert">
Leaving cert



</doc>
<doc id="7015302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015302" title="Ann Millner">
Ann Millner

Flora Ann Millner is an American politician, and former university administrator. A Republican, Millner is a member of the Utah State Senate representing 5th District since 2023. She previously represented the 18th District starting in 2015. She was previously the 11th president of Weber State University from 2002 to 2012, having been appointed to that role after 20 years of serving the university as an educator and administrator.
Biography.
Millner received a B.S. in Education from the University of Tennessee, an M.S. in Allied Health Education and Management from Southwest Texas State University, and an Ed.D. in Educational Administration from Brigham Young University (BYU) in 1986.
Millner then worked in a variety of positions at educational institutions. She was Education Coordinator of the Medical Technology Program at Vanderbilt University, Instructional Developer in Medical Technology at Thomas Jefferson University, a lecturer at the School of Health Professions, Southwest Texas State University, and associate director of Continuing Education at the Edmonda Campus of Gwynedd Mercy College. She began employment at Weber State College in 1982, and held such positions as Director of Outreach Education in the School of Allied Health Sciences, Assistant Vice President for Community Partnerships, Associate Dean of Continuing Education, and in 1993 she became vice president for University Relations.
Millner has been involved in various community and academic organizations. She is the current chair of the Utah Campus Compact and a board member for Intermountain Health Care, the Ogden/Weber Chamber of Commerce, the Weber Economic Development Corporation, and Coalition for Utah's Future. She has been a member of the NCAA I-AA/I-AAA Presidential Advisory Group, the Council of State Representatives for the American Association of State Colleges and Universities, and the Ogden Rotary Club. A Baptist, she is the only Republican in the Utah legislature who is not a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Political career.
In 2014, Millner ran for the State Senate seat in Utah's 18th district. She defeated Democrat Mat Wenzel, and has been serving as a Senator since 2015. In the Senate, Millner sits on the following committees:
Legislation.
Notable legislation.
During Utah's 2016 legislative session, the Senate passed Senate Bill 149, sponsored by Millner, which will allow Utah's grading system to adjust automatically as student proficiency improves.

</doc>
<doc id="7015304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015304" title="Mr Fogg">
Mr Fogg

Mr Fogg is an English electronic musician from Reading, Berkshire, England. He is the grandson of an opera singer and the great-grandson of two 19th-century music hall performers.
Origin of name.
Mr Fogg derives his name from Phileas Fogg, the main fictional character in the 1872 Jules Verne novel, "Around the World in Eighty Days". In an interview with BBC Radio 1's Annie Nightingale, he stated that the name arose as, 'Phileas sounds somewhat like Phil', his own Christian name.
Early singles.
Mr Fogg's first solo material appeared at the end of 2005, and was followed by a national tour and the self-released debut single, "Giving In" which gained BBC Radio 1, BBC 6Music and XFM airplay.
After winning the 2006 BBC Radio Berkshire demo search contest, Mr Fogg won the opportunity to open the Carling Stage at the Reading and Leeds Festivals over the August 2006 festival weekend, playing with a five piece live band.
Towards the end of 2006, Mr Fogg released "Seciov" on Worst Case Scenario Records, receiving substantial airplay on BBC Radio 1, BBC Radio 2, BBC 6Music, XFM, MTV2 and QTV, including records of the week from Marsha Shandur on XFM and Tom Robinson on 6 Music. As well as a tour, live appearances included "Mr Fogg's Latin Lesson" on the Annie Nightingale's BBC Radio 1 show and a live session for Janice Long on BBC Radio 2 - including an interview and live versions of "Stung", "Moving Pictures" and "Seciov".
In August 2007, Mr Fogg's third release "Stung" was released and again picked up support from various radio stations.
Later in the year, a remix 12 inch single of "Seciov" was released, with mixes by Vandal, Loulou Players and Si McEvoy. The Vandal mix picked up airplay worldwide, including stations in Russia, the United States, Australia and the Netherlands.
"Moving Parts".
In an interview with the BBC in 2007, Mr Fogg said that he had so far written over 40 songs for his debut album. In subsequent interviews he revealed that the album was recorded in Iceland in 2009 with Valgeir Sigurðsson and that "Moving Parts", would be released in April 2010.
The first single, "Keep Your Teeth Sharp", was released in February 2010 and launched at Mr Fogg's pop-up shop in Soho in December 2009. The "Keep Your Teeth Sharp" EP also included "Whispers" and "Keep Your Distance", with a remix of the title track by the Icelandic composer Ólafur Arnalds.
The "Moving Parts" single was remixed by Jakwob, Karoshi, Rennie Pilgrem and Pelops, and the video was filmed in Los Angeles, with film director, Tony Kaye. Another single, "Stung", was released on 23 August 2010.
"Eleven".
In early 2012, Mr Fogg announced the release of his second album "Eleven" with a free download of the song "Stay Out Of The Sun". This was followed by the single A Little Letting Go in May, and the album release in June.
The album release was accompanied by a European tour of Germany, Belgium, Italy, Denmark, Netherlands, Poland and the UK.
"In Paradise".
Recorded at home during the pandemic lockdown, his first album in seven years was released in March 2022.
Remixes and productions.
As well as his own music, Mr Fogg has produced and remixed songs by several other artists, including The Twang, The Good Natured, The Race, midimidis, Ruby Frost and Heart Kill Giant. In March 2010, his remix of "Hollywood" by Marina and The Diamonds was played by Rob Da Bank on BBC Radio 1.

</doc>
<doc id="7015305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015305" title="LGBTQ rights in Luxembourg">
LGBTQ rights in Luxembourg

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) people in Luxembourg have the same legal rights as non-LGBTQ people. Partnerships, which grant many of the benefits of marriage, have been recognised since 2004. In June 2014, the Luxembourgish Parliament passed a law enabling same-sex marriage and adoption rights, which took effect on 1 January 2015. Additionally, discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and "change of sex" in employment, healthcare and the provision of goods and services is outlawed, and transgender people are allowed to change their legal gender on the basis of self-determination.
Luxembourgish society is noted as tolerant of homosexuality and same-sex relationships. Xavier Bettel, who served as the Prime Minister of Luxembourg from 2013 to 2023, is openly homosexual. Polling in 2019 from the Eurobarometer found that 87% of Luxembourgers believed gay, lesbian and bisexual people should enjoy the same rights as heterosexual people, one of the highest in the European Union. In 2021, ILGA-Europe ranked Luxembourg third in the European Union for LGBT rights protection.
Law regarding same-sex sexual activity.
Same-sex sexual activity was decriminalised in 1794 (when the country was a French possession). Article 372 of the Penal Code sets the age of consent to 16, regardless of sexual orientation or gender. This was increased to 18 for same-sex sexual activity in 1971 by the addition of article 372 to the Penal Code, which was repealed in 1992.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Partnerships have been available in Luxembourg since 2004. Partnerships, called "partenariat" in French and "Partnerschaft" in Luxembourgish and German, are based on the French PACS model. The law which permits these unions was enacted on 1 November 2004.
In 2009, the Government of Luxembourg announced its intention to legalise same-sex marriage. However, after much delay, a final vote was not held until June 2014, when it passed by 56 votes to 4 and took effect on 1 January 2015.
Adoption and family planning.
After a parliamentary vote in June 2014, a law granting full adoption rights to same-sex couples came into effect on 1 January 2015. Additionally, lesbian couples can access IVF and medically assisted insemination treatments.
A same-sex parenting case has been tested through the courts. After their twin boys were born in California via surrogacy, a same-sex couple sought citizenship for their children. In May 2017, Justice Minister Félix Braz granted Luxembourgish citizenship to one of the boys, but in December refused to grant citizenship to the other child. The couple filed suit. In January 2019, the Administrative Court of Luxembourg reversed the decision of the Minister of Justice. The judges considered that the complaint was well founded. As both parents are recorded on California birth documents, the judges concluded that Braz was wrong to grant citizenship to one child and to deny citizenship to the other—even if one of the applicants is not the biological father.
Discrimination protections.
Luxembourgish law prohibits discrimination (both direct and indirect) based on sexual orientation and "change of sex" (within the definition of sex) in employment, education, social security, healthcare, and the provision of goods and services. In addition, hate crime legislation also refers to these characteristics and they are recognised as aggravating factors. Article 1 of the anti-discrimination law, commonly referred to as the "Law of 28 november 2006 on equal treatment" (; ; ), reads as follows:
Luxembourgish nationals are allowed to serve in the Armed Forces regardless of sexual orientation.
As part of its LGBT Action Plan 2018–2023, Luxembourg has pledged to ensure inclusive educational opportunities for LGBT students, combat violence, harassment and discrimination, guarantee equal treatment in access to health care services and employment, and assure the equality of transgender and intersex individuals.
Transgender rights.
In the past, Luxembourg legally required transgender people to undergo surgery, sterilization and divorce before a change of gender on identification documents. However, on 12 May 2017, the Council of Government approved a bill to regulate the procedure of legal sex changes. An adult person would need to submit an application to the Ministry of Justice to change their legal sex. No surgery, sterilization, divorce or other medical treatment would be required. Minors even under the age of 5 would be able to apply for a sex change with the consent of their legal guardians. On 31 May, the bill was submitted to the Parliament, and was approved in a 57–3 vote on 25 July 2018. On 27 July 2018, the Council of State gave its consent to skip the second vote. It was promulgated by the Grand Duke on 10 August and published in the official journal on 12 September. The law took effect on 16 September 2018.
Blood donation.
Since January 2021, donors who have had sexual relations with men who have sex with men (MSM) are allowed to donate plasma, regardless of gender. After 12 months of not having sexual contact with MSM, donors are allowed to donate blood.
LGBT rights movement in Luxembourg.
Luxembourg's main LGBT rights group is Pink Luxembourg (). It was founded on 26 June 1996 and had 220 members by 2004. Its aims are to promote the civil rights of LGBT people, to fight against discrimination, to work in terms of social, cultural and legal matters for full equality, and to organise social and cultural activities. It organizes annual pride demonstrations, known as the Gaymat Festival. Intersex &amp; Transgender Luxembourg (ITGL) campaigns for transgender and intersex rights.
Luxembourg Pride Week, organized by Rosa Lëtzebuerg, takes place annually in July in Esch-sur-Alzette. The festival includes an Equality March, queer film nights, concerts, drag shows, and a Rainbow Brunch. Pride Week evolved from the original GayMat event and continues to promote visibility, inclusion, and solidarity for the LGBTQ+ community.
Public opinion.
A Eurobarometer survey published in December 2006 showed that 58% of Luxembourgers surveyed supported same-sex marriage and 39% supported adoption by same-sex couples. The EU-wide average in this survey was 44% and 33%, respectively. Support for same-sex marriage had increased to 75% by 2015 according to the same pollster.
The 2019 Eurobarometer showed that 87% of Luxembourgers believed gay and bisexual people should enjoy the same rights as heterosexual people, and 85% supported same-sex marriage.
The 2023 Eurobarometer found that 84% of Luxembourgers thought same-sex marriage should be allowed throughout Europe, and 86% agreed that "there is nothing wrong in a sexual relationship between two persons of the same sex".

</doc>
<doc id="7015306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015306" title="First Seed">
First Seed



</doc>
<doc id="7015311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015311" title="Maryang">
Maryang

Maryang is located in Gangjin county, South Jeolla province, South Korea. It is one of ten "myeon" in Gangjin county, and it is notable for commercial and recreational fishing.
Maryang was designated a "myeon" on April 1, 1989. At the end of December 2009, its population was 2,202 people in 1,034 households, down from 2,436 people in 1,009 households in 2003.
External links.
From Gangjin's official website:

</doc>
<doc id="7015312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015312" title="Br grade">
Br grade



</doc>
<doc id="7015318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015318" title="LGBTQ rights in Malta">
LGBTQ rights in Malta

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) rights in Malta rank among the highest in the world. Throughout the late 20th and early 21st centuries, the rights of the LGBTQ community received more awareness and same-sex sexual activity was legalized on 29 January 1973. The prohibition was already dormant by the 1890s.
According to the Overseas Security Advisory Council (OSAC), Malta has been recognised for providing a high degree of liberty to its LGBT citizens. Since October 2015, ILGA-Europe has ranked Malta first in terms of LGBT rights legislation out of 49 observed European countries, a ranking it has upheld ever since, as of 2024. Malta is one of the few countries in the world to have made LGBT rights equal at a constitutional level. In 2016, Malta became the first country in the European Union to ban conversion therapy. In late 2020, Malta joined the UN LGBTI Core Group, an international platform for the protection of LGBT people from violence and discrimination.
"Out" magazine has declared Malta as being among the best European countries in terms of LGBT rights. According to the United States Department of State, Malta is a safe environment for foreign LGBT travellers, and according to the "LGBT+ Danger Index" Malta is the tenth safest country in the world for LGBT people. French agency "Expert Market" ranks Malta as the seventh best European destination for foreign LGBT workers. A 2019 opinion poll from the Eurobarometer series indicated that 67% of Maltese supported same-sex marriage, a significant increase over a decade, and 73% believed gay, lesbian and bisexual people should enjoy the same rights as heterosexual people.
Discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity and expression has been banned nationwide since 2004. Gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender people have been allowed to serve openly in the military since 2002. Transgender and intersex rights in Malta are of the highest standard in the world under the "Gender Identity, Gender Expression And Sex Characteristics Act", which permits transgender people to change their legal gender without medical interventions and bans surgeries on intersex infants. Same-sex marriage has been legal since 1 September 2017, and prior to that civil unions were enacted in April 2014.
LGBT history in Malta.
Order of St. John.
During the rule of the Order of St John, sodomy was considered a common practice in Malta, and generally associated with Italians and Muslims. It was common for males attracted towards other males, including knights, who had to be supposedly celibate, to seek sexual favours with young looking men, identifiable effeminate males, and sometimes to practise pederasty.
Towards the 17th century, there was harsh prejudice and laws towards those who were found guilty or speak openly of being involved in actual or perceived homosexual behaviour. The Scottish voyager and author William Lithgow, writing in March 1616, reported that a Spanish soldier and a Maltese teenage boy were publicly "burnt to ashes" for confessing to have practised sodomy together. As a consequence, and fear of a similar outcome, about a hundred males involved in same-sex prostitution sailed to Sicily the following day. This episode, published abroad by a foreign writer, is the most detailed account of LGBT life during the rule of the Order. It represents that homosexuality was still a taboo, but a widespread practice, an open secret, and LGBT-related information was suppressed.
An uncommon case, heard at the Castellania in 1774, involved an intersex person, 17-year-old Rosa Mifsud from Luqa, who petitioned for a sex change by dressing as a man. Two medical experts were appointed by the court to perform an examination. This court case is notable as it details the use of experts in the field, similar to the late modern period. The examiners were the physician-in-chief and a senior surgeon, both working at the Sacra Infermeria. Mifsud had petitioned the Grandmaster to be recognized as a male, and it was the Grandmaster himself who took the final decision for Mifsud to wear only men's clothes from then on.
British period.
As a British colony, Malta adopted the Penal Code of Great Britain which criminalised same-sex relations between men. There are examples of individuals caught out by the law. This includes the lawyer, Guglielmo Rapinett, who was elected to the Council of Government and also served as Professor of Law at the University of Malta. In 1884 he was arrested for "lewd behaviour" while trying to seduce a British soldier. The Bishop of Malta personally petitioned for his release.
The politician Joseph Flores, who served during the 1950s as Deputy Leader for the Maltese Labour Party, was thought to have had a relationship with the editor and author Herbert Ganado since meeting at university in the 1920s. There were a number of occasions where they would dress in female drag.
Homosexuality in the military was considered to be a "serious crime". Those in the military who were under investigation for homosexuality would be dismissed with immediate effect and prosecuted by a court-martial. A prominent case was that of the British Sub-Lieutenant, Christopher Swabey, who was court-martialed and dismissed from post in 1956; the prosecution was later over-turned after referral to the House of Lords.
Because homosexual relationships lacked official recognition, gay men sometimes had to be pragmatic to ensure some legal or inheritance rights.
One example is John Baptist Francia (1893–1974) who in 1960 legally adopted William Nathaniel Fenton (thirty years younger). The romantic relationship between the two men was a relatively open secret. In 1971 legislation was passed that permitted Fenton to inherit Baptist's Villa Francia estate in Lija upon his death. During their time together the two organized gay social events and parties at the villa. At Fenton's death the Villa passed to the State and became the official residence for the Prime Minister of Malta.
Independent Malta.
Malta became independent in 1964 and at this point Malta was comparably still traditional in terms of the sexual revolution and progression in Europe. Only in 1973 did the Labour Government decide to change Malta's laws to match those of Western Europe and decriminalise homosexuality.
MGRM, formerly known as the Malta Gay Rights Movement (), is a socio-political non-governmental organisation founded in 2001 to focus on the challenges and rights of the Maltese LGBT community. In February 2008, MGRM organised and presented a petition to Parliament asking for a range of measures to be introduced to protect LGBT people through the law. The petition was signed by more than 1,000 people and asked for legal recognition of same-sex couples, an anti-homophobic bullying strategy for the island nation's schools and new laws targeting homophobic and transphobic crimes. The petition received the backing of Alternattiva Demokratika. Party chairman Harry Vassallo said that the recognition of gay rights would be a step forward.
In 2004, the Government introduced a ban on anti-gay discrimination in employment. In October 2009, George Abela, the President of Malta, met with the board of ILGA-Europe at the presidential palace as the group prepared to open its 13th annual conference in Malta. Abela agreed that information and education were important in tackling discrimination and fostering acceptance of differences and that Malta has seen progress in LGBT acceptance. He was said that "love is the most important thing there is and it can't be 'graded' based on sexual orientation". It was the first time a head of state met with ILGA-Europe members during one of the group's annual conferences.
Legality of same-sex sexual activity.
Same-sex sexual activity has been legal in Malta since January 1973. The Prime Minister of Malta, Dom Mintoff, and the Labour Party legislated for the removal of the British-introduced sodomy law, at the time opposed by the Roman Catholic Church in Malta and the Maltese Nationalist Party. Mikiel Gonzi, Archbishop of Malta, remained staunchly opposed to decriminalization. He complained that homosexuality was both a grave sin and "unnatural", but furthermore it was practiced by the "sick". The age of consent is equal regardless of sexual orientation or gender at 16 years of age.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Same-sex couples in Malta have the right to marry or form a civil union. The latter provides couples with exactly the same legal rights and responsibilities as a marriage, including the right to jointly adopt children.
On 28 March 2010, Prime Minister Lawrence Gonzi announced that the Government of Malta was working on a bill to regulate cohabitation for opposite-sex and same-sex couples, hoping the bill would be completed by the end of the year. On 11 July, Gonzi confirmed that the bill would be presented in Parliament by the end of 2010. The draft bill was presented by the Minister of Justice on 28 August 2012 and was under consultation process until 30 September. The bill was introduced, but died in December 2012 due to the fall of the government and dissolution of Parliament.
Following a campaign promise during the 2013 elections, the Minister for Social Dialogue, Consumer Affairs, and Civil Liberties of the newly elected Labour Government announced that it was entering consultations for a bill granting civil unions to same-sex couples, with the bill presented in Parliament on 30 September 2013. The civil union bill, which would give same-sex couples rights equivalent to marriage, including the legal right to adopt children jointly, under the legal name civil union rather than marriage, was debated in October 2013, and approved at the third reading on 14 April 2014. President Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca signed it into law on 16 April 2014.
In March 2016, Prime Minister of Malta and leader of the governing Labour Party Joseph Muscat stated at an International Women's Day event he was personally in favour of legalising same-sex marriage in the country and that it was "time for a national debate" on the issue. Opposition Nationalist Party leader Simon Busuttil responded by stating that though Muscat was attempting to use the issue of same-sex marriage to distract from a government scandal, he could foresee no difficulty in amending Malta's civil union legislation to legalise same-sex marriage. The country's leading gay rights organisation subsequently called for a bill to be put forward opening up marriage to all couples irrespective of gender without delay.
Following the June 2017 snap elections, the Labour Government presented a bill amending Maltese marriage law to Parliament. It would give equal rights to same-sex and opposite-sex couples. The bill was introduced on 24 June and passed the Parliament on 12 July, in a 66–1 vote. The law replaced all gender-specific references in Maltese law with gender-neutral terminology. The bill was signed into law by President Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca and went into effect on 1 September 2017.
Adoption and parenting.
Maltese law grants adoption rights to married couples, civil partners and single persons, including single LGBT individuals. The first official adoption by a same-sex couple took place on 13 July 2016. The child had previously been turned down by over 50 couples due to the fact he has Down syndrome. By February 2018, there had been three adoptions by same-sex couples in Malta.
For an effective adoption (by a single person, couple or partner), a court ruling is required for every individual child, irrespective of the sexual orientation of any of the prospective parent or parents.
Surrogacy is presently unlawful regardless of sexual orientation. In 2014, the Maltese Government announced it had no intention to legalize surrogacy.
On 7 September 2015, Prime Minister Muscat announced that the government would introduce a bill to grant in vitro fertilisation (IVF) access to lesbian couples. On 30 June 2017, Minister of Health Chris Fearne stated that a bill to reform the "Embryo Protection Act 2012" would be introduced "soon". The bill had its first reading in the Parliament on 11 April 2018. On 23 May, the bill passed its second reading, in a 36–29 vote with 2 MPs not voting. It passed the committee stage on 14 June, and on 19 June the bill passed its third reading, in a 34–27 vote with 6 MPs not present. It was signed into law by the President on 21 June 2018, and took effect on 1 October 2018.
The President's Foundation for the Wellbeing of Society has taken steps to encouraging acceptance of same-sex families within mainstream society. It promotes equal and shared values with the project Rainbow Families Network.
Discrimination protections.
Since 2004, Malta has had a ban on anti-gay discrimination in employment, in line with European Union requirements, but discrimination remained common to some extent until 2009 according to results through questionnaires carried with the participation of the LGBT community. Anti-discrimination protections were expanded in June 2012.
In June 2012, Parliament amended the Criminal Code to provide penalty enhancements to hate crimes motivated by the victim's sexual orientation or gender identity.
On 14 April 2014, the Parliament of Malta unanimously approved a bill which amended the Constitution to add protections from discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. It was signed by the President on 17 April 2014.
The "Equality for Men and Women Act" () defines "discrimination" as follows:
Transgender rights.
One of the first openly transgender women in Malta was Katya Saunders, who is also widely regarded as having helped pave the way for gay rights on the island. Her achievements in this area are recorded in a biography by Ramona Depares, titled Katya: Easy on the Tonic. In September 2006, Joanne Cassar, a transgender woman, was denied the right to marry her partner. In 2007, a judge in Malta ordered government officials to issue her the appropriate documentation. The Director of Public Registry successfully contested that ruling in May 2008. Cassar filed a constitutional application in the First Hall of the Civil Court charging a violation of her fundamental human rights. She won that case initially, but lost on appeal in 2011. In April 2013, she reached a settlement with the government that included financial compensation in addition to promised statutory changes. The leader of the Nationalist Party apologised for its part in contesting Cassar's right to marry.
In April 2014, Malta became the first European state to add gender identity to its Constitution as a protected category.
Applicants can change their official documents by simply filing an affidavit with a notary, eliminating any requirement for medical gender reassignment procedures under the "Gender Identity, Gender Expression And Sex Characteristics Act" (), enacted in April 2015. In November 2015, the Minister of Home Affairs informed that 40 people had legally changed their gender since enactment of the law. In December 2016, the Act was amended to allow minors who are sixteen and over to have their gender changed without needing to file an application in court or obtain parental approval.
Sex reassignment surgery and hormone therapy are not free of charge, and are not always easily available. However, in September 2022, the prime minister of Malta made an announcement that sexual reassignment surgery will be free - but is yet to provide more details such as when the new policy would go into effect.
Non-binary birth certificates.
In July 2024, legislation was officially passed to implement a non-binary option alongside male and female on an individual’s birth certificate and went into effect in September 2024. Until recently a birth certificate could only list male or female within Malta.
Intersex rights.
In April 2015, Malta became the first country in the world to outlaw sterilisation and invasive surgery on intersex people. Applicants can also change their official documents by simply filing an affidavit with a notary without any requirement for medical gender reassignment procedures. Sanctions for intersex medical interventions were introduced in 2018, providing imprisonment not exceeding five years or a fine of between €5,000 and €20,000.
The "Gender Identity, Gender Expression and Sex Characteristics Act", approved by Parliament in 2015, also prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex characteristics, thereby protecting intersex people from discrimination.
Maltese passports, identity cards, and other government-issued identification have been available with an "X" sex designation since 2017.
Military service.
Malta allows people to serve openly in the armed forces regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity. According to the military, a number of openly gay people serve, and the official attitude is one of "live and let live", where "a person's postings and duties depend on their qualifications, not their sexual orientation".
Domestic violence.
On 25 April 2018, legislation to protect individuals from domestic violence was approved by 44 votes in favour and 20 against. The law is written in gender-neutral terms, and thus applies equally to same-sex and different-sex couples. The Act was published on 14 May 2018 by the Maltese Ministry of Justice.
Health and blood donation.
Primary healthcare in Malta is available freely for everyone, including LGBT people with specific protections from discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. However, while pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) and post-exposure prophylaxis (PEP) are available to purchase, they are considerably expensive to pay for. There are proposals to make them more available to avoid STDs, especially HIV/AIDS, among LGBT people and heterosexuals alike.
Gay and bisexual men in Malta can donate blood, on the condition that they have not had sex in a year. Previously, Malta enforced a complete blood donation ban on men who have sex with men. In May 2016, Minister for Health Chris Fearne announced that a technical committee set up in 2015 to review that ban had recently completed its report and recommended scrapping the current indefinite deferral on donations. The new policy would still exclude donations from men who have had sex with another man any time in the previous 12 months. In September 2016, the youth wing of the Labour Party announced their support for lifting the ban. The one-year deferral period was implemented in September 2017.
Since September 2022, gay and bi men can legally donate blood within Malta after having at most one sexual partner within the last four months, the same applied to heterosexual people.
Conversion therapy.
On 16 June 2015, Civil Liberties Minister Helena Dalli announced that the government planned to introduce a bill to ban conversion therapy on minors. On 15 December 2015, Dalli presented the bill for its first reading in Parliament. A public consultation on the bill was launched the same day and lasted until 15 January 2016. The bill passed its second reading and the committee stage with amendments in November 2016, by a unanimously held vote. It then moved to a third reading and was later signed by the President before going into effect. The MCP (Malta Chamber of Psychologists), the MAP (Maltese Association of Psychiatry), the MACP (Malta Association for the Counselling Profession) and the MAFT &amp; SP (Malta Association of Family Therapy and Systemic Practice) had given their full support to the bill. The bill unanimously passed its final reading on 6 December, becoming the "Affirmation of Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and Gender Expression Act" (). Malta thus became the first country in the European Union to prohibit the use of conversion therapy.
Living conditions.
Living conditions for LGBT people have become more favourable in recent years with same-sex relationships being accepted in public, though some negative conditions remain. A 2015 EU-wide survey, commissioned by the Fundamental Rights Agency, showed that 54% of gay people in Malta felt comfortable holding their partner's hand in public, though only 40% were out at their workplaces.
Malta has an active LGBT community, with well attended annual gay pride parades in Valletta. A majority of prominent political leaders in Malta appeared at the pride parade in 2016, including Prime Minister Joseph Muscat and Opposition leader Simon Busuttil. There used to be a notable gay club in Floriana, named "Tom Bar", which was the oldest in Malta. Another operating LGBT-friendly club is "Monaliza" in Valletta.
In July 2007, Malta's Union of Teachers threatened to publish the details of four attempts to out gay and lesbian teachers from Roman Catholic school posts. According to the union, Church schools were under pressure from parents to fire the teachers, leading to four interventions in the past five years.
In 2015, the donation of reading material by the Malta Gay Rights Movement, that contained the teaching of diverse families, including same-sex parenting, to the Education Department caused some controversy. Minister of Education Evarist Bartolo took a position not to distribute the material. In June 2021, Malta has opposed any law which prohibits the teaching and distribution of LGBT information among children at an EU conference.
Political parties.
The Labour Party and AD+PD are the most supportive of the LGBT community and their rights in Malta. On the other hand, the Nationalist Party is mixed on its support for LGBT causes, being influenced by the party's traditional social conservatism stance and Roman Catholicism, although most Nationalist MPs voted in favor of same-sex marriage in 2017. The minor parties, which are mostly right-wing or far-right (e.g. Alleanza Bidla, Moviment Patrijotti Maltin and Imperium Europa) are against LGBT rights.
Public opinion.
Polls have indicated a quick and drastic shift in public opinion on LGBT rights in Malta. The 2006 Eurobarometer survey found that 18% of the population supported same-sex marriage, whereas 73% were against (63% totally against). Adoption by same-sex couples was supported by 7% and opposed by 85% (76% totally opposed).
In June 2012, a poll commissioned by "MaltaToday" found that support for same-sex marriage had increased significantly, with 41% of the population in favour of same-sex marriage and 52% against it. The 2012 data also showed a generational gap, with only 23% of people older than 55 supporting the legalisation of same-sex marriage, while 60% of those aged 18–35 did so.
The 2015 Eurobarometer found a majority of 65% in favour of same-sex marriage, with 29% against. This was the largest increase in support of any country surveyed in the Eurobarometer compared to the 2006 results.
In May 2015, PlanetRomeo, an LGBT social network, published its first Gay Happiness Index (GHI). Gay men from over 120 countries were asked about how they feel about society's view on homosexuality, how do they experience the way they are treated by other people and how satisfied are they with their lives. Malta was ranked 27th with a GHI score of 61.
The 2019 Eurobarometer showed that 73% of Maltese people believed gay and bisexual people should enjoy the same rights as heterosexual people, and 67% supported same-sex marriage. Both numbers were slightly lower than the EU averages, which were 76% and 69% respectively.
A survey published in January 2020 showed that 56% of LGBT respondents felt unsafe in Paceville, known for its frequent fights and violent incidents. Many reported discrimination and harassment at the hands of bouncers, bartenders or other patrons. 14% reported the incidents were violent, and 5% required medical assistance.
The 2023 Eurobarometer found that 74% of Maltese thought same-sex marriage should be allowed throughout Europe, and 78% agreed that "there is nothing wrong in a sexual relationship between two persons of the same sex".

</doc>
<doc id="7015321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015321" title="Keith Murray, Ceramic artist">
Keith Murray, Ceramic artist



</doc>
<doc id="7015323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015323" title="Mahlanjuoksuttaja">
Mahlanjuoksuttaja

Mahlanjuoksuttaja (2005) is an album by the Finnish rock group Absoluuttinen Nollapiste.

</doc>
<doc id="7015325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015325" title="Character dancing">
Character dancing



</doc>
<doc id="7015327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015327" title="Malvern House Preparatory School">
Malvern House Preparatory School



</doc>
<doc id="7015331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015331" title="Indian telecom">
Indian telecom



</doc>
<doc id="7015332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015332" title="Ford P68">
Ford P68

The Ford P68, also commonly known as the Ford 3L GT or F3L, is a sports prototype racing car model introduced in March 1968. It was designed by Len Bailey, a Ford research engineer, funded by Ford Europe and built by Alan Mann Racing at Weybridge, Surrey, UK. The first competition appearance of a Ford 3L prototype was at the BOAC 500 race at Brands Hatch in Kent. It delivered a good pace, but was criticized for instability at high speeds. It did not finish any of the races in which it was entered, due to mechanical and electrical failures.
For the 1969 season the P68 was used as the basis for an aborted, fully open Spyder, dubbed the Ford P69. The P69 sported large, free-standing aerofoil wings, which were vital to the car's stability at high-speeds. However, these were banned by the European sanctioning body early in the season, thus the P68 was not eligible to race in the respective class any longer.
Background.
At the end of the 1967 season the FIA redrew the rules for sports car racing. Engine capacity was limited to 3 litres for the lightest, most advanced Group 6 sports prototype class, while a new 5 litre Group 4 Sports Car class was introduced for vehicles of which at least 50 examples had been built. Ford's American headquarters organisation withdrew from sports car racing at the end of 1967, leaving those teams committed to running the aging GT40 without factory support. While some teams, such as JWA, decided to go down the Group 4 Sports Car route and began work on updating the GT40, Alan Mann Racing decided to build a brand new prototype car around Ford's recently introduced 3.0L DFV V8 Formula One engine.
Raising sponsorship from Ford, as well as Burmah-Castrol and Goodyear, AMR procured the services of leading Ford aerodynamicist Len Bailey, who had designed much of the GT40's bodywork, to work on their new car.
Design.
The car was built to Group 6 regulations, with an open two-seat bodywork design. This was perhaps rather liberally interpreted, with only a small hatch in the otherwise enveloping roof being left open to the elements. The hatch also allowed the driver to see the centrally mounted rear-view mirror.
One major advantage of the open prototype regulations was that they permitted a much lower roofline than otherwise would have been possible. Bailey used this to create an extremely low, long, curvaceous, aerodynamically efficient design. With a Cd of only 0.27 and a frontal area of 14 ft² the 3.0L engine was sufficient to push the P68 to over 350 km/h, faster than contemporary Formula One cars. However, former driver Frank Gardner has criticised Bailey's pursuit of aerodynamic efficiency at the expense of driver comfort. In order to keep the P68 on the road, Bailey incorporated a patented, vortex-generating tail scoop, intended to create downforce without adding to drag. However, although the car has since been shown to produce moderate downforce at speed, this is mostly over the front wheels. The resultant high-speed instability led to both John Surtees and Jack Brabham refusing to drive the car. Over the following months the P68 sprouted ever larger rear spoilers, and small chin spoilers, in an effort to stabilise the car.
Underneath the curvaceous bodywork, the chassis was a riveted, aluminium monocoque, with steel bulkheads onto which the suspension components were mounted. The DFV engine was supported in an aluminium cradle behind the driver. Unlike the Lotus 49 for which the DFV had been designed, the engine was not used as a structural chassis member. In contrast, the suspension layout was almost a direct copy of contemporary F1 practice. Contemporary observers commented on the oversized front hub components, potentially allowing the car to be converted to four-wheel drive at some point. The radiator was mounted in the nose, although later enhancements to cooling resulted in a wider opening being incorporated from mid-season. Fuel was stored in two deformable cells, one in each sill.
Following poor results, during the winter of 1968 Len Bailey adapted the P68's monocoque to fully exploit the open-roof regulations. A fully open spyder prototype was produced with almost completely new bodywork panels; even lower and wider, it also included a dramatic reduction in length. Mechanicals were carried over from the P68 in almost unchanged form. This new car was numbered the P69, although differences with the P68 were only skin deep. In an attempt to cure the same stability problems that afflicted the P68, the P69 had an innovative system of interconnected, hydraulically-controlled, partially automatic, adjustable aerofoil wings. However, following several accidents with similar systems during Formula One races, the wings were swiftly banned by the FIA early in the season. Without wings, AMR judged that the car would require a complete redesign to be competitive with the dominant Porsches and therefore, lacking funds, the P68/P69 project was abandoned.
Race history.
The first batch of cars was ready for the European season-opening BOAC 500 race, at Brands Hatch on 7 April 1968. Even this early in its career, the P68 had started to grow spoilers and air dams at its front and rear. Two cars were entered, for Bruce McLaren and Denny Hulme, and Jochen Rindt and Mike Spence. However, the two cars were relatively untested, with one actually being brand new, and teething troubles beset the weekend. Although initially slow during practice, gradual tuning and tweaking meant that by the end of qualifying McLaren had managed to put in a lap fast enough to take second place on the grid, splitting the works Porsche 907s. Unfortunately, the Rindt/Spence car had suffered an engine mount failure and failed to qualify. Spence, something of a Brands Hatch specialist, was substituted into the lead car for the race, and was at the wheel, leading the race, when a rubber joint in the transmission failed, putting the car out. Although neither car had finished, the pace and performance while running looked to be promising better for the future.
This promise was never to be fulfilled. With Mike Spence's death during practice for the 1968 Indianapolis 500, fellow Brit Chris Irwin was drafted in for the P68's next race: the 1968 1000km Nürburgring. He was lucky to escape death when he lost control of his car at the Flugplatz during practice, although his injuries were severe enough for his career to be ended. The car was destroyed. In the race, once again the remaining P68 failed to finish due to mechanical gremlins. This was to be the pattern during all the remaining races for which the P68 was entered during 1968. One tantalising highlight occurred when Frank Gardner, who performed much of the P68's limited developmental testing, took pole position at the 1000km Spa race. However, once again the car flattered to deceive, as it stuttered to a halt on the first lap of the race with faulty electrics. By this time the P68's faults were all too apparent, and Alan Mann Racing decided not to travel to the Zeltweg race.
For 1969 AMR intended to replace the P68 with its sister car, the P69. However, by the time of the 1969 BOAC 500 race only one P69 was ready. After trying the P69, prior to qualifying, Jack Brabham flatly refused to drive the car in anger so unstable did he find it. That left only a year-old P68 to carry the AMR flag, in the hands of Hulme and Gardner. A large, high-mounted wing was attached directly to the tops of the rear suspension towers, which went some way to reducing rear-end lift at speed, but again an engine failure stopped the car before the end of the race. The final competition outing for the Ford 3L prototype was at the AMOC Martini Trophy meeting at Silverstone. But driver Gardner never even made the grid, as rain during practice soaked the cars electrics, making it unable to start.

</doc>
<doc id="7015333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015333" title="Damiano">
Damiano

Damiano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7015337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015337" title="Wylfing">
Wylfing



</doc>
<doc id="7015338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015338" title="LGBTQ rights in Moldova">
LGBTQ rights in Moldova

 
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people in Moldova face legal and social challenges and discrimination not experienced by non-LGBTQ residents. Households headed by same-sex couples are not eligible for the same rights and benefits as households headed by opposite-sex couples. Same-sex unions are not recognized in the country, so consequently same-sex couples have little to no legal protection. Nevertheless, Moldova bans discrimination based on sexual orientation in the workplace, and same-sex sexual activity has been legal since 1995.
Since the Dissolution of the Soviet Union, Moldova has come increasingly under the influence of the Orthodox Christian Church. The country has been marred by human rights violations, including violations of freedom of association and freedom of speech. Moldova's first pride parade was held in 2002. Since then, however, pride parades have encountered stiff opposition from authorities and religious leaders, and have often been cancelled or banned due to safety concerns. A successful pride parade took place in May 2018 in Chișinău, after police officials protected the participants from violent radical Orthodox groups.
Moldovan society remains very problematic in that regard, as discrimination and violence against members of the LGBT community are commonplace. In 2012, ILGA-Europe ranked Moldova last in a list of 49 European countries with regards to LGBT legislation. By 2023 Moldova had climbed to the 23rd place, its rise in ranking due to continued expansion of anti-discrimination laws with regards to sexual orientation and gender identity.
Legality of same-sex sexual activity.
Since 1995, homosexuality between consenting adults in private has been legal in Moldova. In September 2002, new laws were introduced equalising the age of consent.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Moldova does not recognize same-sex marriage or civil unions. The Moldovan Constitution explicitly defines marriage as being between a man and a woman.
Discrimination protections.
For a long time, a large coalition of human rights organisations, including GenderDoc-M, lobbied the Moldovan Government for the implementation of anti-discrimination legislation in line with European standards, which would include sexual orientation as a protected ground.
A law banning discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in employment was adopted by the Moldovan Parliament on 25 May 2012, and signed into law by President Nicolae Timofti on 28 May 2012. The law took effect on 1 January 2013.
The so-called "media propaganda law", which entered into force on 1 January 2019, controversial for its ban on "Russian television programs on news, analysis, politics, and military issues", also contains a clause banning media broadcasters from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation. Article 11 of the law, entitled the "Codul serviciilor media audiovizuale al Republicii Moldova", states that "audiovisual programs are prohibited: ... from propagating incitement, promotion or justification of racial hatred, xenophobia, anti-Semitism or other forms of hatred founded on intolerance or discrimination based on sex, race, nationality, religion, disability or sexual orientation."
In 2023, The Parliament of Moldova passed Law No.2 (2023) which included sexual orientation and gender identity among grounds protected from "any kind of discrimination".
Gender identity and expression.
Transgender people are allowed to change their legal name and gender on official documents in Moldova, but require a psychiatric diagnosis confirming their "transgenderism" to do so.
Public opinion.
Moldovan society remains very conservative; politicians often make derogatory remarks about the LGBT community, and discrimination against its members is commonplace.
A sociological survey by the Institute of Public Policies in 2014 showed negative public attitudes among Moldovans towards the LGBT community. Asked what they think about gays and lesbians, 7.9% responded to "mental illness", 6.3% "abnormal", 6.1% "sick", 5.5% "loose" , while 2.5% believe gays and lesbians should be killed. 83% of Moldovans did not accept LGBT people, and 35.8% strongly supported the criminalization of homosexual relations by banning rights (61.2%), fining LGBT people (35.5%) or imprisonment (27.2%). 88.8% of Moldovans would be bothered if a family member was LGBT, and 92% would not accept an LGBT educator/teacher in the class where their child is studying.
According to the study "Church and State in the Republic of Moldova" presented by the Soros Foundation - Moldova in 2016, 84% of Moldovans would not accept homosexuals living in Moldova, 89% would not accept that they live in the same locality, 94% would not accept to have them as neighbors, 95% would not accept being friends and 97% would not want gay family members. The same study revealed that only 5% of Moldovans agreed with same-sex marriages and 6% with civil partnerships. These observations showed that Moldovan society is conservative, and with little willingness to accept minorities.
In May 2017, a survey by the Pew Research Center in Eastern European countries showed that 92% of Moldovans believed that homosexuality should not be accepted by society. Among young people between 18 and 34, the percentage fell to 88%. According to the same survey, 5% of Moldovans supported same-sex marriages.
However, since the decriminalization of homosexuality in 1995, the attitude of various state institutions has become increasingly tolerant. For example, the Ministry of Health communicated in an official letter that homosexuality is not considered a disease, and medical services are accessible to all, regardless of the sexual orientation of the citizen.
Social conditions.
Gay culture.
Moldova has a rather small but lively and open-minded gay scene. Chișinău's first gay club, Jaguar Dance and Music Club, opened in 2009. Moldova's first gay pride parade (named Moldova Pride) was held in April 2002, but it was banned in 2007, because homosexuality was said to "undermine the Christian values of Moldova".
LGBT rights movement.
The main gay and lesbian campaigning group is called GenderDoc-M. The group seeks to support and protect gays and lesbians in Moldova, and raises awareness of the lives of LGBT people.
Anti-LGBT sentiment.
Moldovan society still remains very traditional. Virulent homophobic statements are casually made by politicians, and lesbians and gays are routinely discriminated against. Violence towards gay men is not uncommon.
Scott Lively, a vociferous opponent of gay rights who has linked homosexuality to having played a part in the spawning of the Rwandan genocide and the Holocaust, visited Moldova in 2010 to oppose an anti-discrimination measure. The bill had passed through committee twice before stalling subsequent to opposition from the Party of Communists of the Republic of Moldova, which cited Lively's visit as a reason for its opposition. The bill, however, was approved in 2012.
In May 2019, Doina Ioana Străisteanu, a human rights lawyer representing Moldova's only LGBT organization, GENDER-DOC, since 2010, was the victim of an arson attack. She found her car alight outside her office in central Chișinău by an unknown male assailant. She reported the attack to police who she said refused to investigate because it did not consider the damage "significant".
2008 Moldova Pride controversy.
On 11 May 2008, the police and authorities stood by as the Moldova Pride parade was prevented by crowds who surrounded, intimidated and even attacked parade participants. The Mayor of Chișinău, Dorin Chirtoacă, whose campaign slogan was "a young mayor, a liberal team, a European capital", had banned the parade the evening before.
The banning of the pride parade and the crackdown of freedom of assembly drew criticism and concern internationally, including by the then British Foreign Secretary, David Miliband.
The May 2007 "Bączkowski and Others v. Poland" ruling was a landmark case, in which the European Court for Human Rights (ECHR) ruled that by banning peaceful pride parades the then Mayor of Warsaw, Lech Kaczyński, had violated three articles of the European Convention of Human Rights: article 11 concerning freedom of assembly, article 13 which deals with the right to appeal, and article 14 which outlaws discrimination.
In 2012, the ECHR ruled that Moldovan authorities had violated human rights by cancelling the 2008 event.
2017 and 2018 events.
In May 2017, LGBT activists organised a peaceful march to coincide with the International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia. Police officials cancelled the event shortly after it started due to safety concerns because fundamentalist Orthodox groups began attacking pride participants. President Igor Dodon supported the violent attacks, saying: "I have never promised to be the president of the gays, they should have elected their own president." He also personally met the radicals' group and congratulated them. Nevertheless, 450 people attended the march, which was the highest ever at the time.
In May 2018, LGBT activists successfully organised the 17th edition of Moldova Pride. Police protected the participants from radicals, using tear gas to repel them. President Dodon again congratulated the radical groups. The event drew support from numerous embassies (Argentina, Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States).
Bans on propaganda of homosexuality.
Since 2012, several cities have enacted bans on "propaganda" of homosexuality (which do not include any kind of administrative sanctions or fines). These cities are:
Similar bans were also enacted in the following districts:
Similar provisions were enacted by the following villages of Făleşti District:
On 30 April 2013, the Parliament of Gagauzia approved a bill to forbid the "propaganda" of homosexuality, bisexuality and transgenderism such as same-sex marriage and adoption by same-sex couples. The bill didn't include any kind of administrative sanctions or fines but some of its provisions banned any LGBT-related organizations from being registered in the region. Another provision was intended to ban any LGBT-related clubs and entertainment establishments. On 20 June 2013, these provisions were invalidated by a court decision, which held that these laws violated freedom of speech and human rights.
On 23 May 2013, despite the anti-discrimination law which prevents discrimination based on sexual orientation in employment, the Parliament of Moldova passed a bill which bans the propaganda of prostitution, paedophilia and "any other relations than those related to marriage and family in accordance with the Constitution and the Family Code". The bill also includes fines. The bill was signed into law on 5 July 2013 and came into effect on 12 July 2013. The law did not explicitly prohibit the "propaganda" of homosexuality, but it could have been interpreted as such by judges. On 11 October 2013, the Parliament passed a bill intended to remove the content which could have been interpreted as a ban on "homosexual propaganda".
UN Human Rights Council resolution.
In June 2011, Moldova used its seat on the United Nations Human Rights Council to vote against the first successful UN resolution condemning discrimination and violence against individuals based on their sexual orientation and gender identity.

</doc>
<doc id="7015339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015339" title="Carmellan Research">
Carmellan Research

Carmellan Research is or was a firm who developed automatic rebreathers for scuba diving. It was run by Stuart Clough.
Their address was Carmellan Research Ltd, 11 Hillside Close, Ellington, Huntingdon, England.
They developed the SMS2000 and Phibian rebreathers.

</doc>
<doc id="7015343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015343" title="Aboubacar M'Baye Camara">
Aboubacar M'Baye Camara

Aboubacar M'Baye Camara (born 27 December 1985) is a Guinean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Andenne.
Career.
He joined in summer 2004 to Belgian side K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen from his native Guinean club Satellite FC.
In 2017, Camara signed with Meux. He joined Belgian Division 3 club Spy the following season. 

</doc>
<doc id="7015348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015348" title="Thessaloniki (disambiguation)">
Thessaloniki (disambiguation)

Thessaloniki, Thessalonica or Salonica is Greece's second largest city and the capital of Greek Macedonia, named after Queen Thessalonike of Macedon.
The terms may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7015349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015349" title="Virginia State Highway 164">
Virginia State Highway 164



</doc>
<doc id="7015350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015350" title="LGBTQ rights in Monaco">
LGBTQ rights in Monaco

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) people in Monaco may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBTQ residents. Both male and female types of same-sex sexual activity are legal in Monaco. However, same-sex couples and households headed by same-sex couples are not eligible for the same legal protections available to opposite-sex married couples. Monaco is the least developed among Western European countries in terms of LGBTQ equality.
In 2019, ILGA-Europe ranked Monaco 45th out of 49 European countries in relation to LGBTQ rights legislation, noting that the country possesses no laws protecting LGBTQ people from discrimination in employment or other areas, does not recognize same-sex marriage and does not permit transgender people to alter their legal gender. Despite this absence of legislation, Monegasque society tends to be tolerant of homosexuality and same-sex relationships. Hate speech and incitement to hatred based on sexual orientation are banned.
Law regarding same-sex sexual activity.
Same-sex sexual activity is legal. Criminal penalties for homosexual acts were eliminated in 1793 due to the adoption of French laws. The age of consent is 15 for both same-sex and opposite-sex sexual relationships.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Monaco does not recognize same-sex marriages. Since 27 June 2020, the country has allowed same-sex couples to sign a cohabitation agreement (), which provides some limited rights and obligations.
The cohabitation agreement bill was introduced to the Monegasque Parliament on 16 April 2018. Under the bill, cohabiting same-sex and opposite-sex couples would be considered on par with siblings for inheritance taxes and not at the same level as married couples. The agreement, which is open to siblings and parents and children as well, also provides an enumerated set of property rights and reciprocal obligations. The "contrat" is signed in front of a notary and then deposited at a public registry. On 4 December 2019, the National Council unanimously approved the bill. The law entered into force in 2020, six months after its publication in the "Journal de Monaco".
Adoption and family planning.
Same-sex couples do not have the right to adopt children.
Discrimination protections.
The Constitution of Monaco does not expressly address discrimination or harassment on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity. It does provide for general civil rights protections, including equality before the law, due process, privacy rights, freedom of religion and opinion.
"Loi n° 1.299 du 15 juillet 2005 sur la liberté d'expression publique" prohibits hate speech, incitement to hatred and violence and discrimination against political candidates on the basis of their sex, disability, origin, sexual orientation and of their real or perceived belonging or non-belonging to a race, ethnic group, nation or religion. Article 234-2 of the Civil Code, as amended by the "Loi n° 1.435 du 8 novembre 2016 relative à la lutte contre la criminalité technologique", states:
In July 2010, a Monegasque court convicted a man to five days in jail and ordered him to pay a fine of 5,000 euros after he used openly homophobic rhetoric against a gay man.
In July 2011, the Monegasque Parliament adopted an anti-discrimination and anti-harassment bill, going further than the 2005 law. The main articles concerning LGBT people were: article 1, which outlawed discrimination based on, among other categories, "sex, true or perceived sexual orientation, civil status [and] family situation"; article 3, which applied this prohibition to the workplace in both the public and private sector, contacts with administrations, access and delivery to goods and services (accommodation was not namely cited but included in this category), family relationships, access to recreational, cultural or public locations or events, among other situations; article 8, which precised that discrimination at work may not occur concerning access or working conditions, remuneration conditions, disciplinary measures and firing conditions, article 10 which provided for certain justified exceptions, if conditions about sex and religious or philosophical beliefs were essentially inherent (for instance, churches and other religious communities could still fire or refuse to hire a person based on Article 1 categories); Article 40, which provided for penalties in case of defamation or non-public insult connected to true or purported sexual orientation, among other reasons; and article 44, which provided for the creation of a school program to sensibilize against racism and all Article 1 discriminations, every year of primary and secondary school cycles. The Council of Government did not approve the bill, and proposed a new one instead on 18 December 2012. It did not include the provisions in regards to discrimination based on sexual orientation.
"Law n° 1.478 of 12 November 2019 concerning modifications of certain provisions relating to penalties" () amended three articles of the Monegasque Civil Code to include the term "sexual orientation", namely article 238-1, which punishes violent actions committed based on sexual orientation that did not result in the victim's "illness or total incapacity to work", with imprisonment varying between six months to one year; article 239, which provides for ten years' imprisonment for someone who attacked their partner (or any person living under the same roof) based on sexual orientation; and article 421, which provides for penalties of five years' probation or other measures provided for at article 29-4 for those who, without reason, attacked a person, or a group of people, based on their sexual orientation (among other categories).
Military service.
Monaco has no armed forces, but there is a National Guard. France, which is responsible for the country's defence, allows openly gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people to serve in the military.
Living conditions.
Most Monegasques affiliate with the Catholic Church, which traditionally views homosexuality and transgender identity as signs of immorality. Monaco is not a member of the European Union, which requires its members to respect certain LGBT rights protections, but Monaco and its people have a strong cultural and economic relationship with France.
The LGBT community in Monaco does support some gay-friendly establishments within the country itself. There are no official gay bars, clubs or events to be found in Monaco, as there are in the nearby French cities of Marseille, Nice and Lyon.
In June 2017, Pauline Ducruet, the eldest daughter of Princess Stéphanie of Monaco and granddaughter of Rainier III, Prince of Monaco and American actress Grace Kelly, marched in the New York City Pride parade, expressing support for LGBTQ rights.

</doc>
<doc id="7015353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015353" title="Spectacle (disambiguation)">
Spectacle (disambiguation)

A spectacle is an event that is memorable for the appearance it creates.
Spectacle or spectacles may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7015355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015355" title="Virginia State Highway 171">
Virginia State Highway 171



</doc>
<doc id="7015360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015360" title="JZR Trikes">
JZR Trikes

JZR Trikes is a UK producer of traditionally-styled, motorcycle-engined trikes in kit form.
History.
From their workshop in Darwen, Lancashire, John Ziemba Restorations began to market the JZR in 1990. Some 320 JZR's were produced up until 1998 when there was a production hiatus until 2000. It continues in production today.
The Car.
JZR was inspired by the early Morgan Aero three-wheelers and more recent cars like the Triking. The kit comprised a square tube steel chassis with a galvanized floorpan and body sides. The upper body consisted of GRP panels. There were two rear body styles: the “barrel back” which allowed a spare tyre to be mounted at the rear; and the curved “beetle back”.
Power could come from a variety of engines. Initially the Honda CX 500 V-twin was used. Later Honda's CX 650, CX 500/650 turbo and Pan-European ST1100 V4 and Moto Guzzi's 850 and 1000 V-twins were added. Even the Harley-Davidson motor has been fitted to some examples, using a Ford Cortina gearbox and clutch. The power was transferred to the rear via shaft drive.
The front suspension used the spindles and disc brake assemblies of the Ford Cortina Mk IV/V, with bespoke wishbones and coil over dampers. The Ford Escort Mk II supplied the rack and pinion steering rack. At the rear, the donor Moto Guzzi or Honda motorcycle suspension was used with its twin coil over dampers, brakes, and transfer case.

</doc>
<doc id="7015361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015361" title="Virginia State Highway 101">
Virginia State Highway 101



</doc>
<doc id="7015364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015364" title="Kipper Herring">
Kipper Herring



</doc>
<doc id="7015365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015365" title="Nora, Virginia">
Nora, Virginia

Nora is an unincorporated community in Dickenson County in the southern U.S. state of Virginia. In the 2000 US census, its population is listed as 566. Nora is situated along the McClure River.
Coal mining has always been the primary business for the community and county. However, in recent years natural gas production has increased sharply because it has become possible to extract gas from the underlying Huron Shale formation. The Huron Shale deposit in this part of Virginia is called the Nora Field.
History.
The site of what is now Nora was originally called "Mouth of Open Fork", and in 1882 it was briefly the county seat of the newly formed Dickenson County.
In 1904, a post office was built at Mouth of Open Fork, and the first postmaster, W. A. Dorton, arranged for the community and post office to be named for his wife Nora.
The Clinchfield Railroad, which was built to haul coal from the area, passes through Nora. Construction of the railroad was completed in 1915, when the last track was laid near Nora.
Up through the 1960s, Nora was known locally as "Tiger Town", because the tiny village had three taverns, resulting in frequent alcohol-induced brawls.
In 1977, the McClure River flooded and destroyed much of Nora.
Notable people.
People associated with Nora include:

</doc>
<doc id="7015367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015367" title="Hicham Bellani">
Hicham Bellani

Hicham Bellani (born 15 September 1979) is a Moroccan runner who specializes in the 3000 and 5000 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="7015369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015369" title="Olivia Newton Bundy">
Olivia Newton Bundy

Brian Tutunick is an American musician, more famously known as Olivia Newton Bundy, and was the bassist and co-founder of the rock band Marilyn Manson until 1990, when he was replaced by Gidget Gein. His stage name was created by mixing the names of Olivia Newton-John, singer; and Ted Bundy, serial killer.
In 1993, Tutunick's new band Collapsing Lungs (also known as L.U.N.G.S.) was signed to Atlantic Records.
In 1996, Tutunick, along with notable DJ Grynch created a new band, Nation of Fear. They released the song "Immortal" on a compilation CD for the (now defunct) rock station 94.9 WZTA. Later that year Nation of Fear would release their well-received self-titled album on DiMar Records. They would go on tour with Genitorturers and were even joined on tour by Lords of Acid. Nation of Fear (like their tour-mates) were known for stage antics including S&amp;M, powertools, and pyrotechnics.
In 1998, the band's second release "Everything Beautiful Rusts", while receiving much more attention, failed to keep the band together and by 2000 they had broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="7015372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015372" title="Salangen IF">
Salangen IF

Salangen Idrettsforening is a Norwegian alliance sports club from Sjøvegan, Troms. It has sections for association football, Nordic skiing and gymnastics.
The men's football team currently plays in the Third Division, the fourth tier of Norwegian football. It played in the Second Division in 2000, won its Third Division group and was re-promoted in 2001, was relegated in 2002, won its Third Division group and was re-promoted in 2003 and was relegated in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="7015373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015373" title="N Murray Edwards">
N Murray Edwards



</doc>
<doc id="7015376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015376" title="Linjeflyg Flight 618">
Linjeflyg Flight 618

Linjeflyg Flight 618 was a crash of a Vickers 838 Viscount during approach to Stockholm Bromma Airport at 09:05 on 15 January 1977. All twenty-two people on board the aircraft perished when it hit ground at Kälvesta in Stockholm, Sweden. The domestic service from Malmö via Kristianstad, Växjö and Jönköping was operated by Skyline on behalf of Linjeflyg as part of the latter's domestic scheduled services. The accident was caused by atmospheric icing on the horizontal stabilizer. Low power on two of the engines had caused reduced function of the ice protection system, causing a buildup of ice. The icing caused the loss of pitch control and the aircraft entered a steep dive. Among the deceased was table tennis player Hans Alsér. 
Flight.
Because of delays of the delivery of their new Fokker F28 Fellowship aircraft, Linjeflyg started in 1975 to wet lease flights from Skyline. The airline operated three Vickers Viscount aircraft in this period, using their own crew and aircraft, but with Linjeflyg's flight codes and chartered for an hourly fee. During the late 1970s Linjeflyg accounted for the vast majority of Skyline's revenue.
Flight 618 was a domestic scheduled passenger flight on 15 January 1977. It was conducted using a Vickers 838 Viscount with registration SE-FOZ. The aircraft was bought used by Skyline in 1976 to replace an existing, smaller Viscount 784. With a first flight in 1961, it had flown 12,208 hours at the time of the accident. Flight 618 was to fly from Malmö Sturup Airport to Stockholm Bromma Airport, with intermediate stops at Kristianstad Airport, Växjö Småland Airport and Jönköping Airport. The flight commenced as nominal until descent to Bromma. At this time there were nineteen passengers and a crew of three on board, including the well-known table tennis player Hans Alsér.
Accident.
During flight the number two and three engines were run at reduced power for a prolonged period, causing the ice protection system temperature to sink below minimum thresholds. The horizontal stabilizer was therefore subject to atmospheric icing. The pilots noticed this at an altitude of when they experienced loss of pitch control. The aircraft entered a steep dive and crashed at a parking lot in Kälvesta, a neighborhood of Stockholm. The impact took place at 09:05 local time, from the threshold of the runway at Bromma. All on board were killed in the crash.
Investigation.
A full investigation into the cause of the accident was ordered by the Government of Sweden. The investigation came to the following conclusions:
Aftermath.
One issue after the accident was the relationship between Linjeflyg and Skyline. The small size of the latter was a concern, without the apparatus to handle a major accident. Linjeflyg took most of the immediate handling of the issue as it was their flight.
Skyline leased a Viscount 814D, with registration G-AZNH, as replacement for the wrecked aircraft. This arrangement lasted for some months, before Skyline's contract with Linjeflyg was terminated due to the delivery of the F28s. Shortly afterwards Skyline filed for bankruptcy.
Victims.
Victims of Linjeflyg Flight 618 included: Captain Sten Holmstedt, 45, Genarp; Stewardess Pia Marlow, 28, Malmö; First officer Björn Björnsson, 33, Nacka; Hans Alsér, 34, Borås; Rolf H. Stjernswärd, Vittskövle Castle; Mrs Inger Stjernswärd, Vittskövle Castle; Dentist Jan-Erik Milton, Jönköping; Glazier Yngve Rosén, Jönköping; Sales manager Sven Gunnar Lundvall, Sundsvall; Mats Adolfsson, Gothenburg; Sven Östen Albertsson (born 1913), Växjö; Inge Vilgot Andersson (born 1926), Farsta; Monica Hansson (born 1941), Åhus; Stig Olof Jonsson (born 1951), Sundsvall; Sven Olof Myresten (born 1933), Bankeryd; Arne Palm (born 1918), Stockholm; Berndt Yngve Göran Persson (born 1928), Farsta; Anna Niemi (born 1901), Järvenpää, Finland; Tage Bertil Nordqvist (born 1936), Huskvarna; Gunnar Sahlberg (born 1935), ; Arne Magnus Somero (born 1958), Smålandsstenar; Rolf Henning (born 1916), Vittskövle, Degeberga; Per Kasper Tham, Saltsjöbaden.

</doc>
<doc id="7015377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015377" title="Arak (liqueur)">
Arak (liqueur)



</doc>
<doc id="7015380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015380" title="Who Ate All The Pies?">
Who Ate All The Pies?



</doc>
<doc id="7015383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015383" title="Compiled programming language">
Compiled programming language



</doc>
<doc id="7015385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015385" title="LGBTQ rights in Norway">
LGBTQ rights in Norway

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) people in Norway have the same legal rights as non-LGBTQ people. In 1981, Norway became one of the first countries in the world to enact an anti-discrimination law explicitly including sexual orientation. Same-sex marriage, adoption, and assisted insemination treatments for lesbian couples have been legal since 2009. In 2016, Norway became the fourth country in Europe to pass a law allowing the change of legal sex for transgender people based on self-determination. On 1 January 2024, conversion therapy became legally banned within Norway.
Much like the other Nordic countries, Norway is frequently referred to as one of the world's most LGBTQ-friendly nations, with high societal acceptance and tolerance of LGBTQ people. Opinion polls in 2018 found very high levels of support for same-sex marriage among the Norwegian public. In 2024, Norway was ranked as the best country for same-sex couples to legally marry.
Legality of same-sex sexual activity.
Same-sex sexual activity between men has been legal since 1972. Same-sex acts between women were not penalized in Norway. The age of consent is set at 16 years, regardless of gender and of sexual orientation.
In April 2022, on the 50th anniversary of the legalization, the government of Norway made formal apologies to all victims of the ban on sex between men.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
On 18 November 2004, two MPs from the Socialist Left Party introduced a bill to abolish the existing registered partnership law, and make the marriage law gender-neutral. The move was withdrawn and replaced by a request that the cabinet further investigate the issue. The conservative cabinet of that time did not look into the issue. However, the second Stoltenberg Cabinet announced a common, unified marriage act as part of its foundation document, the Soria Moria statement. A public hearing was opened on 16 May 2007.
On 29 May 2008, the Associated Press reported that two Norwegian opposition parties had come out in favour of the new bill, assuring its passage in the Storting. Prior to this, there were some disagreements with members of the current three-party governing coalition on whether the bill had enough votes to pass.
On 14 March 2008, the Norwegian Government proposed a marriage bill that would give lesbian and gay couples the same rights as heterosexuals, including religious weddings (if the church so chooses), adoption and assisted pregnancies. The first parliamentary hearing was held on 11 June 2008, where the bill was approved by 84 votes to 41. The new legislation amended the definition of civil marriage to make it gender-neutral. Norway's upper legislative chamber ("Lagtinget") passed the bill in a 23–17 vote. The King of Norway granted royal assent thereafter. The law took effect on 1 January 2009.
Prior to the gender-neutral marriage law, a registered partnership law had been in effect since 1993. "Partnerskapsloven", as it was known in Norwegian, granted many marriage rights to same-sex couples, only without calling it marriage. Since 1991, unregistered same-sex cohabitation has been recognized by the state for the granting of limited rights, such as being considered as next of kin for medical decisions, and in the event of wrongful death of one partner the other partner was entitled to compensation.
In 2014, the Church of Norway's National Council voted down a proposal to perform same-sex marriages in the church. In 2015, it reversed course and voted to allow same-sex marriages to take place in its churches. The decision was ratified at the annual conference on 11 April 2016. In August 2023, the Church of Norway formally removed the "archaic and draconian cohabitation ban". Now cohabiting same-sex couples (as employees of the Church of Norway) are fully recognised.
Adoption and family planning.
Married and committed same-sex couples are permitted to adopt under Norwegian law. Stepchild adoption has been allowed for registered partners since 2002. Full adoption rights were granted to same-sex couples in 2009. Additionally, lesbian couples have access to artificial insemination. Pursuant to the same-sex marriage law, when a woman who is married to or in a stable co-habiting relationship with another woman becomes pregnant through artificial insemination, the other partner will have all the rights and duties of parenthood "from the moment of conception".
Military status.
Lesbian, gay and bisexual people can serve openly in the Armed Forces. They have had full rights and anti-discrimination protections since 1979. Transgender persons may serve openly as well.
Discrimination protections and hate crime laws.
In 1981, Norway became the first country in the world to enact a law to prevent discrimination against LGBT people by amending Paragraph 349a of its Penal Code, prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation in the provision of goods or services and in access to public gatherings. In the same year, Paragraph 135a of the Penal Code was amended to prohibit hate speech on account of sexual orientation. The country has banned discrimination based on sexual orientation in employment since 1998. Norway also has a law prohibiting discrimination based on gender identity and expression since 2013, and is one of the few countries in the world to explicitly protect intersex people from discrimination.
Section 5 of the "Act on the Prohibition of Discrimination on the grounds of Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and Gender Expression" (), enacted in 2013, states as follows:
Bias-motivated violence and speech.
According to a 2013 survey entitled "Sexual orientation and living conditions" ("Seksuell orientering og levekår)" from the University of Bergen, nine out of ten LGBT respondents reported not being exposed to discrimination or harassment at the workplace. In addition, only a small minority stated they had been physically assaulted, and suicide among LGBT people has significantly decreased since the 1990s. Nevertheless, homosexual boys reported a six times higher occurrence of bullying in schools than heterosexual boys.
According to the Oslo Police District, 238 bias-motivated crimes had occurred in Oslo in 2018, of which 20 percent related to LGBT status; the remaining relating to ethnicity (57%), religion (17%), disability (3%) or anti-Semitism (3%).
The Norwegian Institute of Social Research reported in 2019 that LGBT people were more at risk of experiencing hate speech. Fifteen percent of LGBT respondents reported having been the target of personal threats, mostly online, compared to four percent among the general population.
In November 2020, the Storting amended the country's hate speech law to protect bisexual and transgender people. The law has protected gay and lesbian people from hate speech since 1981.
Transgender rights.
On 18 March 2016, the Solberg Government introduced a bill to allow legal sex change without any form of psychiatric or psychological evaluation, diagnosis or any kind of medical intervention, by people aged at least 16. Minors aged between 6 and 16 may transition with parental consent. The bill was approved by a vote of 79–13 by Parliament on 6 June. It was promulgated on 17 June and took effect on 1 July 2016. One month after the law took effect, 190 people had already applied to change their gender.
Healthcare.
Access to gender affirming healthcare in Norway still requires a psychiatric diagnosis, at which point the patient is referred to the National Treatment Centre for Gender Incongruence (NTCGI) at Oslo University Hospital. Treatment is not offered to nonbinary patients. Only a quarter of referred patients are allowed access to gender-affirming healthcare, with those disqualified having no alternative options.
In 2020, the Norwegian Directorate for Health, the governmental body that develops health guidelines, released one for gender incongruence recommending puberty blockers between Tanner stage 2 and the age of 16 following an interdisciplinary assessment, stating they were reversible and there is no reliable evidence of adverse long-term effects.
In February 2023, Esben Esther Pirelli Benestad, one of the leading transgender healthcare providers in Norway, was stripped of their medical license over, ostensibly, the provision of gender-affirming treatment which diverged from the guidelines of the NTCGI. Media reporting depicted the delicensing as part of the ongoing disputes over best practice in transgender healthcare. They appealed the decision of the Norwegian Board of Health Supervision and had their medical licence conditionally restored, in part, in April 2023.
In 2023, the Norwegian Healthcare Investigation Board, an independent non-governmental organization, issued a non-binding report finding "there is insufficient evidence for the use of puberty blockers and cross sex hormone treatments in young people" and recommended changing to a cautious approach. The Norwegian Healthcare Investigation Board is not responsible for setting healthcare policy, and the Directorate, which is, has not implemented the recommendations, though they have said they are considering them. Misinformation that Norway had banned gender affirming care proliferated on social media.
A 2023 report reported that many patients reported negative experiences with the public treatment service, including patients not being taken seriously, leading to many losing confidence in the service. Non-binary people were still without treatment, despite the relevant guideline from 2020 explicitly calling for equal access to treatment for non-binary people. The report also highlighted a lack of competence related to diversity in gender and sexuality among medical practitioners.
Intersex rights.
Intersex infants in Norway may undergo medical interventions to have their sex characteristics altered. Human rights groups increasingly consider these surgeries unnecessary and, they argue, should only be performed if the applicant consents to the operation. A 2019 survey from the Oslo University Hospital showed that two out of three medical professionals were willing to perform such surgeries, and parents were overall supportive of the move. In March 2019, the Norwegian Directorate for Children, Youth and Family Affairs published two reports, recommending postponing such medical interventions on intersex infants until they are able to consent.
Conversion therapy.
In 2000, the Norwegian Psychiatric Association overwhelmingly voted for the position statement that "homosexuality is no disorder or illness, and can therefore not be subject to treatment. A 'treatment' with the only aim of changing sexual orientation from homosexual to heterosexual must be regarded as ethical malpractice, and should have no place in the health system". Membership of the Norwegian Psychiatric Association accounts for at least 90 percent of authorized psychiatrists in Norway.
On 12 December 2023, a bill banning conversion therapy was approved by the Parliament in a 85–15 vote. The ban had been under discussion since December 2019. Substantive discussion in the Storting of laws to enact the ban were delayed until Autumn (April–June) 2023, due to opposition by some government ministers. The law prohibiting conversion therapy came into effect on 1 January 2024.
Health and blood donation.
In Norway, as in many other countries, men who have sex with men (MSM) were previously not allowed to donate blood. In June 2016, the Norwegian Directorate for Health and Social Affairs announced it would make an end to this ban, and implement a 12-month deferral period instead, whereby MSM applicants would be permitted to donate provided they have not had sex in a year. The new 1 year deferral period was implemented on 1 June 2017. 
In October 2016, Minister of Health and Care Services Bent Høie made the announcement that the HIV-prevention drug, PrEP, would be offered free of charge as part of Norway's health care system.
A policy to end discrimination against men who have sex with men donating blood was planned to go into effect in 2024, but was ultimately indefinitely postponed.
Living conditions.
Norway is considered very gay-friendly. The most open and inclusive community can be found in the capital, Oslo, where many gay-friendly events and venues are located including the Raballder Sports Cup and the Oslo Pride Festival. Other events include the Scandinavian Ski Pride held in Hemsedal, Trondheim Pride held in Trondheim and Bergen Pride ("Regnbuedagene") in Bergen. 45,000 people participated in the 2019 edition of Oslo Pride, and a further 250,000 attended and watched the event, according to the organisers. Several LGBT associations exist throughout the country, including the Association for Gender and Sexuality Diversity ("Foreningen for kjønns- og seksualitetsmangfold"), established in 1950 as the first gay organisation in Norway, Queer Youth ("Skeiv Ungdom"), Gay &amp; Lesbian Health Norway, the Centre for Equality ("Likestillingssenteret") and the Transgender Association ("Forbundet for Transpersoner"), among others. These groups variously offer helplines and counselling to LGBT youth, promote health and HIV prevention and advocate for the legal rights of same-sex couples and transgender individuals. In the far north of Norway, Sápmi Pride is held annually, changing locations between Finland, Sweden and Norway every year. In March 2019, Norway was named the fourth best LGBT-friendly travel destination in the world, tied with Denmark, Iceland and Finland.
The legal situation for same-sex couples is among the best in the world. Norway was the second country, after neighbouring Denmark, to offer registered partnerships to couples with many of the rights of marriage. In 2009, Norway became the sixth country in the world to legalise same-sex marriage, after the Netherlands, Belgium, Spain, Canada and South Africa. Legislation concerning adoption, gender changes for transgender people and anti-discrimination have all been amended in the past decades to include and apply to LGBT people and couples.
In 2015, media reported that there were calls to have a taxi station moved from near the entrance to Oslo's oldest gay pub. Several Muslims claimed that pictures had been taken of them entering the pub by taxi drivers parked at the station; some of these pictures were later distributed widely within Muslim communities.
On 1 September 2016, King Harald V of Norway delivered an impassioned speech in favor of LGBT rights. By 7 September, his speech had received nearly 80,000 likes on Facebook and viewed more than three million times. A part of his speech read as follows:
In July 2020, the Norwegian government announced that it would give LGBT refugees, alongside vulnerable women and children, priority. The rules only apply for the transfer of refugees from one asylum country to another for permanent resettlement.
Public opinion.
Five separate polls conducted by Gallup Europe, Sentio, Synovate MMI, Norstat and YouGov in the 2000s and 2010s showed increasing support for gender-neutral marriage laws over the period. These polls concluded that of the Norwegian population, the following percentages were supportive in the years shown: 61 percent in 2003; 63 percent in 2005; 66 percent in 2007; 58 percent in 2008; 70 percent in 2012; and 78 percent in 2013.
In May 2015, PlanetRomeo, an LGBT social network, published its first Gay Happiness Index (GHI). Gay men from over 120 countries were asked about how they feel about society's view on homosexuality, how do they experience the way they are treated by other people and how satisfied are they with their lives. Norway was ranked second, just above Denmark and below Iceland, with a GHI score of 77.
The Norwegian Directorate for Children, Youth and Family Affairs (Bufdir) found that the proportion of people with hostile attitudes towards LGBT+ people has been steadily decreasing: In 2017, 7.8 percent expressed hostile attitudes towards gay people while 11 percent expressed hostile attitudes towards transgender people.
Transphobia.
2021 saw the formation of anti-transgender groups such as Kvinneaktivistene and a Norwegian branch of Women's Declaration International (formerly WHRC). Previously, the Women's Group Ottar has faced criticism for promoting anti-transgender sentiment.
Due to rising levels of transphobia in Norway, promoted in the name of radical feminism, 2476 feminists called for an inclusive feminism in a 2020 open letter. In 2023, 2611 feminists, including Norway's minister of equality, called for a reckoning with transphobia, stating that "for a long time, trans women who speak out publicly have been subjected to harassment and abuse, often by those who misuse lesbian identity and feminism to justify their transphobia." Alberte Bekkhus, the leader of the Red Youth, criticized the radical feminist organizations for transphobia, and said "if the women's movement allows transphobes in disguise as feminists, at the expense of trans women, it is working against its own cause." The leader of the Workers' Youth League, Astrid Hoem, emphasized that the left must take responsibility and confront transphobia within their ranks. The Norwegian Humanist Association has highlighted the "alarming unifying force of the increasing hatred and radicalization directed at transgender people" and promoted by self-identified radical feminists.
The Extremism Commission's report cited sources that pointed to "the connections between radical feminism and Christian conservatism" in relation to anti-trans activism, noting that "these are groups and individuals who use violent and dehumanizing language and are also threatening and extremely active." Feminist scholars have described these anti-gender movements operating in the name of radical feminism in the Norwegian context as part of a "complex threat to democracy." In 2023 the University of Bergen's Centre for Women's and Gender Research hosted its annual debate on international women's day, that focused on the anti-gender movements, where panelists highlighted how anti-gender actors had managed to become anchored in the radical feminist milieu in Oslo, including the radical feminist 8 March Committee.
In his speech on the anniversary of the 2011 Norway attacks, Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre said that "we know that queer people are the targets of hate, threats and violence. The incitement of hate is especially virulent against trans people. We will not accept this in Norway. We will use the memory of 22 July, in respect for those we lost, to turn our backs on this hate." 
In the 2020s some tabloid newspapers have been criticized for regularly publishing transphobic content; for example journalism expert has criticized the newspaper "Klassekampen" for contributing to "incitement and hatred against transgender people."

</doc>
<doc id="7015386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015386" title="Foot (unit of measurement)">
Foot (unit of measurement)



</doc>
<doc id="7015390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015390" title="Virginia State Highway 110">
Virginia State Highway 110



</doc>
<doc id="7015391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015391" title="John A. Lynch Jr.">
John A. Lynch Jr.

John A. Lynch Jr. (born October 21, 1938) is an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey, who served in the New Jersey Senate from 1982 to 2002, where he represented the 17th Legislative District, and was Senate President from 1990 to 1992.
He was also the 61st Mayor of New Brunswick, New Jersey from 1979 to 1991.
Biography.
Lynch was born in New Brunswick in 1938, the son of John A. Lynch, Sr. and Evelyn Rooney. His father also served as both Mayor of New Brunswick and State Senator from Middlesex County (7th District). Lynch played prep basketball at St. Peter the Apostle High School, a key player on a team that was the runner-up in the 1956 Parochial A state championship. He attended the College of the Holy Cross and the Georgetown University Law Center.
Lynch was chosen in December 1989 to serve as Senate President, a position he held until 1991, when Republicans took control of the Senate. In 1997, after an unsuccessful effort to regain Democratic Party control of the Senate, Lynch stepped down from his position as the Minority Leader.
Bob Smith was elected in November 2001 to fill the seat vacated after Lynch retired.
Corruption.
The U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey began investigating Lynch in the mid-2000s for his business dealings. On September 15, 2006, Lynch pleaded guilty in the U.S. District Court on one count of mail fraud and one count of tax evasion for failing to report $150,000 in income received from a real estate transaction in 1999. On December 19, 2006, he was sentenced by Judge Stanley R. Chesler to three years and three months in prison, which he was required to begin serving by January 15, 2007. Lynch was also required to pay a $50,000 fine.
He had faced up to five years in federal prison and a fine of up to $250,000 on each count of the indictment. However, based on Federal Sentencing Guidelines, a sentence of between 33 and 41 months in prison and a fine of between $7,500 to $75,000 was expected. As of December 14, 2006, the court received 172 letters from citizens seeking leniency.
Lynch served two and a half years at Federal Correctional Institution, Loretto before being transferred to a halfway house in Newark, New Jersey in June 2009. He completed his sentence on November 13, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7015393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015393" title="E6600">
E6600



</doc>
<doc id="7015394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015394" title="Allen Grossman">
Allen Grossman

Allen R. Grossman (January 7, 1932 – June 27, 2014) was a noted American poet, critic and professor.
Biography.
Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 1932, Grossman was educated at Harvard University, graduating with an MA in 1956 after several interruptions. He went on to receive a PhD from Brandeis University in 1960, where he remained a professor until 1991. In 1991, he became the Andrew W. Mellon Professor in the Humanities at Johns Hopkins University where until 2005 he taught in the English Department, primarily focusing on poetry and poetics. He continued to write after his retirement from teaching.
Grossman was raised Jewish.
Grossman's first marriage ended in divorce; afterwards he married novelist Judith Grossman, and they stayed married until his death. His children are Jonathan Grossman and Adam Grossman from the first marriage, and Bathsheba Grossman, Austin Grossman, and Lev Grossman from the second.
On November 11, 2006, on the occasion of his retirement, several friends, colleagues, and students of Grossman held a joint reading in his honor. These included Michael Fried, Susan Howe, Ha Jin, Mark Halliday, Breyten Breytenbach, Susan Stewart and Frank Bidart. The event culminated with a reading by Grossman of poetry from his latest book of poems, "Descartes' Loneliness".
Grossman died of complications from Alzheimer's at a nursing home in Chelsea, Mass. on June 27, 2014. He was 82.
Legacy.
Ben Lerner discusses Grossman's impact on poetics at length in "The Hatred of Poetry" and references Grossman's death, ostensibly contemporaneously, on p. 78.

</doc>
<doc id="7015395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015395" title="List of colossal squid specimens and sightings">
List of colossal squid specimens and sightings

This list of colossal squid specimens and sightings is a timeline of recorded human encounters with members of the genus "Mesonychoteuthis", popularly known as colossal squid. It includes animals that were caught by fishermen, recovered (in whole or in part) from sperm whales and other predatory species, as well as those credibly sighted at sea. The list also covers specimens misidentified as colossal squid.
Background.
The colossal squid ("Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni"), which has a circum-Antarctic distribution in the Southern Ocean, is far less known than the distantly related, near-cosmopolitan giant squid ("Architeuthis dux"). Though a substantial number of colossal squid specimens have been recorded, the vast majority of these are only fragmentary remains such as disarticulated beaks. Xavier "et al." (1999) collated 188 geographical positions for whole or partial specimens caught by commercial and scientific fisheries, but very few mature animals have ever been documented. O'Shea &amp; Bolstad (2008) found 11 reports in which adult or subadult specimens had been described, and mentioned that at least 7 additional, "similarly sized" specimens were known to them; McClain "et al." (2015) stated that only 12 "complete" specimens were known.
Early specimens.
The earliest known specimens of this species are two brachial crowns (#1) recovered from the stomach of a sperm whale in the winter of 1924–1925, on the basis of which Guy Coburn Robson formally described "Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni" in 1925. Apart from two partial specimens (#2 and 3) recovered from sperm whale stomachs in the mid-1950s—initially misidentified as belonging to the giant squid genus, "Architeuthis"—and a single juvenile individual of mantle length (#4), little else was known about the species until additional specimens began receiving coverage in Russian-language scientific journals in the 1970s. In 1981, a Soviet trawler operating off Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica, retrieved a complete specimen (#9) with a mantle length of and total length of from a depth of 750–770 m, which was later identified as an immature female of "M. hamiltoni".
Emergence from obscurity.
It would be more than two decades before another giant individual was collected: in March 2003, a complete specimen of a subadult female (#14) was found near the surface in the Ross Sea. It weighed some , with a total length of around and mantle length of . It was this specimen that led teuthologist Steve O'Shea to coin the common name "colossal squid". A much smaller immature female (#15) was taken by trawl at depth off Macquarie Island the same year. On 25 June 2005, a specimen was captured alive at a depth of while taking Patagonian toothfish from a longline in South Georgian waters (#17). Although the heavy mantle could not be brought aboard, the total length was estimated at around and the animal is thought to have weighed between . It was filmed alive at the surface.
Largest known specimen.
The largest known complete specimen of the colossal squid—and the heaviest recorded extant cephalopod—was a mature female (#19) captured in the Ross Sea in February 2007. Its weight was initially estimated at , its mantle length at , and its total length at . Once completely thawed the specimen was found to weigh , but to measure only in mantle length and in total length. It is likely that the specimen, and particularly its tentacles, shrank considerably "post mortem" as a result of dehydration, having been kept in a freezer for 14 months. Both this and the 2003 specimen received significant media attention and did much to bring the species to public prominence; the following years saw a number of individuals of the more commonly encountered giant squid misidentified as colossal squid (e.g. #[1] and [2]).
Later developments.
Perhaps the best video of a live colossal squid is that of an animal (#21) recorded at the surface in the D'Urville Sea off Antarctica in January 2008. The squid was pulled to the surface feeding on a line-caught toothfish. The video is likely the first to show a colossal squid swimming freely, and records the animal performing a slow roll on its longitudinal axis. Initially light-coloured, the squid quickly turned blood red (possibly a stress response) before returning to a light pink after lingering at the surface for a short time, thence slowly retreated to deeper water.
Another giant specimen, a female measuring in total length and weighing , was recovered intact in 2014 (#27). It had eyes across—the largest ever recorded. Its 3.5-hour dissection at the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa was live streamed on YouTube. Since then, several more colossal squid have been filmed or photographed alive at the surface.
In 2025, the first confirmed sighting of a (juvenile) colossal squid in its natural environment was recorded, with hook arrangement confirming that it was in fact a colossal squid instead of another cranchiid. As far as is publicly known, the colossal squid had never been observed alive in its natural, deep-water habitat before then, although a number of such recordings of the giant squid have been made in recent years. As such, it was the only known extant species of truly giant (&gt;) cephalopod that had never been filmed in its natural habitat.
List of colossal squid.
Records are listed chronologically in ascending order and numbered accordingly. This numbering is not meant to be definitive but rather to provide a convenient means of referring to individual records. Specimens incorrectly identified as colossal squid are counted separately, their numbers enclosed in square brackets, and are highlighted in pink (). Records that cover multiple colossal squid specimens, or remains of more than a single animal (e.g. two lower beaks), have the 'Material cited' cell highlighted in grey (). Animals that were photographed or filmed while alive are highlighted in yellow (). Where a record falls into more than one of these categories, a combination of shadings is used. Where an image of a specimen is available this is indicated by a camera symbol (📷) that links to the image.
Abbreviations.
The following abbreviations are used in the "List of colossal squid" table.
Oceanic sectors.
"M. hamiltoni" has a circumpolar Antarctic distribution.
Measurements.
Abbreviations used for measurements and counts are based on standardised acronyms in teuthology, primarily those defined by Roper &amp; Voss (1983), with the exception of several found in older references.
Repositories.
Institutional acronyms are those defined by Leviton "et al." (1985) and Leviton &amp; Gibbs (1988). Where the acronym is unknown, the full repository name is listed.
Specimen images.
The number directly below each image corresponds to the specimen or sighting, in the "List of colossal squid", that the image depicts. The date on which the specimen was first captured, found, or observed is also given.

</doc>
<doc id="7015397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015397" title="Virginia State Highway 193">
Virginia State Highway 193



</doc>
<doc id="7015399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015399" title="Virginia State Highway 169">
Virginia State Highway 169



</doc>
<doc id="7015400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015400" title="Anti-icing systems">
Anti-icing systems



</doc>
<doc id="7015401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015401" title="1015 Christa">
1015 Christa

1015 Christa, provisional designation , is a dark background asteroid from the outermost regions of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 31 January 1924, by German astronomer Karl Reinmuth at the Heidelberg-Königstuhl State Observatory in southwest Germany. The meaning of this asteroids's name is unknown.
Orbit and classification.
"Christa" is a non-family asteroid from the main belt's background population. It orbits the Sun in the outermost asteroid belt at a distance of 2.9–3.5 AU once every 5 years and 9 months (2,096 days; semi-major axis of 3.21 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.09 and an inclination of 9° with respect to the ecliptic.
The asteroid was first observed as at the Simeiz Observatory in October 1916. The body's observation arc begins at Heidelberg in February 1924, two days after its official discovery observation.
Physical characteristics.
In the Tholen classification, "Christa" is a common C-type asteroid, while in the SMASS classification, it is a Xc-subtype that transitions from the carbonaceous C-type to the X-type asteroids. It has also been characterized as a primitive P-type asteroid by the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer (WISE).
Rotation period.
In April 2005, a first rotational lightcurve of "Christa" was obtained from photometric observations by French amateur astronomers Raymond Poncy and René Roy. Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of 12.189 hours with a brightness variation of 0.20 magnitude (). In January 2009, a refined period of 11.230 hours and an amplitude of 0.12 magnitude was measured by photometrist Brian Warner at his Palmer Divide Observatory in Colorado, United States ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's WISE telescope, "Christa" measures between 82.35 and 101.04 kilometers in diameter and its surface has a low albedo between 0.04 and 0.064. The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" adopts the results obtained by IRAS, that is, an albedo of 0.0459 with a diameter of 96.94 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 9.03.
1015 Christa has been observed to occult 8 stars between 2005 and 2023.
Naming.
Any reference of this minor planet's name to a person or occurrence is unknown.
Unknown meaning.
Among the many thousands of named minor planets, "Christa" is one of 120 asteroids, for which no official naming citation has been published. All of these low-numbered asteroids have numbers between and and were discovered between 1876 and the 1930s, predominantly by astronomers Auguste Charlois, Johann Palisa, Max Wolf and Karl Reinmuth.

</doc>
<doc id="7015404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015404" title="Isopogon anethifolius">
Isopogon anethifolius

Isopogon anethifolius, commonly known as narrow-leaf drumsticks or narrow-leafed drumsticks, is a shrub in the family Proteaceae. The species is found only in coastal areas near Sydney in New South Wales, and to the immediate west. It occurs naturally in woodland, open forest and heathland on sandstone soils. An upright shrub, it can reach to in height, with terete leaves that are divided and narrow. The yellow flowers appear in the Spring, from September to December, and are prominently displayed. They are followed by round grey cones, which give the plant its common name of "drumsticks". The small hairy seeds are found in the old flower parts.
"Isopogon anethifolius" regenerates after bushfire by resprouting from its woody base, known as a lignotuber, as well as from seed. It was described by Richard Salisbury in 1796, and was first grown in the United Kingdom the same year. One of the easiest members of the genus "Isopogon" to grow in cultivation, "I. anethifolius" grows readily in the garden if located in a sunny or part-shaded spot with sandy soil and good drainage.
Description.
"Isopogon anethifolius" is a shrub usually between high with an upright habit (tall and thin with mostly vertical stems). It generally grows taller in more sheltered areas such as woodlands, and shorter in more exposed areas. The stems are reddish in colour, and new growth in winter is tinged with reddish and tan tones. The leaves are terete (round in cross section) and less than 1 mm ( in) in diameter. They branch once or twice in their length. The globular yellow flowerheads, known as inflorescences, appear at the ends of branches in spring and early summer (September to December), though occasionally at other times of year. These are up to in diameter. The individual flowers arise out of the central woody globe in a spiral pattern, and are around long. They are straight stalkless structures that originate from a scale on the globe, composed of a tubular structure known as the perianth, which envelopes the flower's sexual organs. The perianth splits into four segments, revealing a thin delicate style tipped with the stigma. At the ends of the four perianth segments are the male pollen-bearing structures known as anthers. Arranged in a spiral pattern, the flowers open from the outer/bottom of the flowerhead inwards. The egg-shaped grey cones are revealed as the old flower parts fall away, and are up to in diameter. The seed-bearing nuts are small—up to across—and lined with hairs. The seed weighs around .
The terete leaves readily distinguish "Isopogon anethifolius" from other members of the genus, which have flat leaves and are greater than 1 mm ( in) across. On a microscopic level, the supporting ground tissue of "I. anethifolius" differs from some of its genus by its irregular misshapen sclereids (thick-walled cells that make up part of the ground tissue) and contorted cell body.
Taxonomy.
"Isopogon anethifolius" was among the plants collected by English botanist Joseph Banks and Swedish naturalist Daniel Solander on 5 May 1770 at Botany Bay during the first voyage of Captain James Cook. A drawing by Scottish artist Sydney Parkinson was the source for a subsequent painting by James Britten, published in 1905. Solander coined the (unpublished) binomial name "Leucadendron serraria" in "Banks' Florilegium". English botanist Richard Salisbury described the species in 1796 as "Protea anethifolia", from a specimen collected in Port Jackson (Sydney). The species name is derived from the Latin words "anethum" "dill" and "folium" "leaf", from the resemblance of its leaves to those of the herb. The common name is variously written as "narrowleaf-", "narrow-leaf-", or "narrow-leafed drumsticks". The common name "drumsticks" is derived from the globular cones of the members of the genus.
In 1799, the Spanish botanist Antonio José Cavanilles described "Protea acufera", later identified as a synonym by Salisbury and Robert Brown. "I. anethifolius" gained its current name in 1809 when it was redescribed as the dill-leaved isopogon ("Isopogon anethifolius") by English plantsman Joseph Knight in his controversial work "On the cultivation of the plants belonging to the natural order of Proteeae". Robert Brown had written of the genus "Isopogon" but Knight had hurried out his work before Brown's. Brown's description appeared in his paper "On the natural order of plants called Proteaceae" in the "Transactions of the Linnean Society" in 1810.
French naturalist Michel Gandoger described four taxa in 1919 that he regarded as similar to (but distinct from) "I. anethifolius". "I. confertus" was a plant from Rylstone on the Central Tablelands, which he distinguished by its crowded leaves that were long. "I. eriophorus" was a plant with more scattered leaves that were long. He described "I. globosus" from the Port Jackson district on the basis of round (rather than oval) infructescences (cones), and "I. virgatulus" from Western Australia. All four were subsequently synonymised with "I. anethifolius". Gandoger described 212 taxa of Australian plants, almost all of which turned out to be species already described.
The 1891 publication "Revisio generum plantarum" was German botanist Otto Kuntze's response to what he perceived as poor method in existing nomenclatural practice. Because "Isopogon" was based on "Isopogon anemonifolius", and that species had already been placed by Salisbury in the segregate genus "Atylus" in 1807, Kuntze revived the latter genus on the grounds of priority, and made the new combination "Atylus anethifolius". However, Kuntze's revisionary program was not accepted by the majority of botanists. Ultimately, the genus "Isopogon" was nomenclaturally conserved over "Atylus" by the International Botanical Congress of 1905.
Like all species in the genus "Isopogon", "I. anethifolius" has 13 haploid chromosomes.
Distribution and habitat.
"Isopogon anethifolius" is found only in New South Wales, where it occurs in the Sydney Basin and surrounds, from Braidwood northwards to Mount Coricudgy in Wollemi National Park. The annual rainfall in these areas ranges from . The species occurs naturally from sea level to altitude and is found on sandstone in heathland and dry sclerophyll woodland. Typical trees it is associated with include the scribbly gums "Eucalyptus haemastoma" and "E. sclerophylla" and silvertop ash ("E. sieberi"), open forest plants such as soft geebung ("Persoonia mollis"), and heathland plants such as heath banksia ("Banksia ericifolia"), dwarf she-oak ("Allocasuarina nana") and Wingello grevillea ("Grevillea molyneuxii").
Ecology.
"Isopogon anethifolius" resprouts from its woody base, known as a lignotuber, after bushfire. It is also serotinous—the seeds are held on the plant as a canopy-based seedbank and are released after fire. These then fall directly to the ground or are blown a short distance by wind. Plants resprouting from the lignotuber can flower in around two and a half years, while seedlings take around three and a half years.
Leaf spotting is caused by the fungus "Vizella". Flower buds may be damaged by weevils.
Cultivation.
"Isopogon anethifolius" was first cultivated in the United Kingdom in 1796. Along with "Isopogon dawsonii", it is the easiest member of the genus to grow. The fine foliage, red stems, bright yellow flowers in spring and distinctive drumsticks afterwards make "I. anethifolius" an appealing garden plant. It has potential as a screening plant (its dense foliage can be used for privacy). It prefers acidic soil with extra water, though it does not tolerate waterlogging. A part-shaded position is the preferred location, though "I. anethifolius" grows readily in full sun. Plants can withstand frosts to . Fertiliser applied in spring assists growth. Young plants can grow long stems that eventually droop, and respond well to pruning. The species can be propagated by cuttings or seeds, which germinate after 30 to 60 days. Flowering can take several years from seed. Western Australian "Isopogon" species including "I. cuneatus" and "I. latifolius" have been grafted onto rootstocks of this species. The flowers, cones and foliage are used in the cut-flower industry.

</doc>
<doc id="7015406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015406" title="Suman Setty">
Suman Setty

Suman Setty is an Indian actor known for his comic roles. He appears in Telugu and Tamil films. He won the Nandi Award for Best Male Comedian for his role in "Jayam" film.
Career.
Suman Setty debuted in Teja's "Jayam" (2002). He was selected from a group of newcomers and his comedy was well received leading to offers in other films.

</doc>
<doc id="7015407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015407" title="Durno Murray">
Durno Murray



</doc>
<doc id="7015410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015410" title="Abdalaati Iguider">
Abdalaati Iguider

Reda Abdalaati Iguider (; born 25 March 1987) is a Moroccan runner who specializes in the 1500 metres. Over 1500 metres, he is the bronze medalist from the London Olympic Games and the 2012 World Indoor Champion.
His personal best of 3:28:79 over 1500 metres, run in Monaco during the Herculis Diamond League Meeting on July 17, 2015, makes him the seventeenth fastest man ever over that distance. He also won the 2012 World Indoor Championships in the 1500 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="7015411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015411" title="Tomášovce">
Tomášovce

Tomášovce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7015416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015416" title="Narrow-leaved Drumsticks">
Narrow-leaved Drumsticks



</doc>
<doc id="7015421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015421" title="Skruuvi">
Skruuvi



</doc>
<doc id="7015422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015422" title="William J Murray">
William J Murray



</doc>
<doc id="7015426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015426" title="LGBTQ rights in Portugal">
LGBTQ rights in Portugal

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) rights in Portugal are among the most advanced in the world; having improved substantially in the 21st century. After a long period of oppression during the "Estado Novo", Portuguese society has become increasingly accepting of homosexuality, which was decriminalized in 1982, eight years after the Carnation Revolution. Portugal has wide-ranging anti-discrimination laws and is one of the few countries in the world to contain a ban on discrimination based on sexual orientation in its Constitution. On 5 June 2010, the state became the eighth in the world to recognize same-sex marriage. On 1 March 2011, a gender identity law, said to be one of the most advanced in the world, was passed to simplify the process of sex and name change for transgender people. Same-sex couples have been permitted to adopt since 1 March 2016.
The country, while still influenced by Roman Catholicism, has progressively become more accepting of same-sex relationships and homosexuality. The 2019 Eurobarometer opinion survey showed that 74% of the Portuguese population supported same-sex marriage and that around 80% believed lesbian, gay and bisexual people should enjoy the same rights as heterosexuals. Lisbon, Porto and Faro have visible LGBT scenes, with several gay bars, nightclubs and other venues, as well as their annual pride parades.
Legality of same-sex sexual activity.
During the period of the Portuguese Inquisition, female homosexual activity was not actively prosecuted due to a 1645 ruling; one of the few cases of prosecuting a woman (Maria Duran) for same-sex sexual activity came in 1741, but she was prosecuted for causing distress to her sexual partners, not for her activity. Same-sex sexual activity was first decriminalised in 1852, under Mary II and Ferdinand II of the Kingdom of Portugal, but it was made a crime again in 1886, under Louis I, and Portugal gradually became more oppressive of homosexuals until and throughout the dictatorship years. It was not until 1982 that same-sex sexual activity was decriminalised again, and the age of consent was equalized with heterosexual activity at 14 years of age in 2007. 
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Portugal has recognized unregistered cohabitation since 5 May 2001, and same-sex marriage since 5 June 2010. Same-sex marriage was legalized under the second term of the Sócrates Socialist Government, and passed the Portuguese Parliament with the support of other left-wing parties. Same-sex married couples are granted all of the rights of different-sex married couples. The Penal Code was amended in 2007 to equalize the age of consent and to criminalize domestic violence in same-sex relationships, thus equalizing treatment with opposite-sex couples.
Adoption and family planning.
Since 2016, Portuguese law has allowed adoption of children by same-sex couples. Prior to that reform, same-sex couples were barred from adopting and informally forbidden from fostering children, although there had been several court rulings allowing children to live with same-sex families.
In the past, Portugal had been forced to pay a fine due to homophobic statements from a court that ruled against a gay father's right for his daughter's custody. The European Court of Human Rights received the case and ruled in favour of the father in 1999, demanding the custody back to him and issuing a penalty for the country.
On 17 May 2013, Parliament rejected a bill allowing same-sex couples to adopt children, in a 104–77 vote. On the same day, Parliament approved a bill, in its first reading, allowing same-sex married couples to adopt their partner's children (i.e. stepchild adoption). However, that bill was rejected in its second reading on 14 March 2014, in a 107–112 vote. Other bills granting adoption rights to same-sex parents and carers, as well as in vitro fertilisation (IVF) for lesbian relationships, were introduced in Parliament by the opposition Socialist and Left Bloc parties on 16 January 2015. On 22 January, Parliament rejected the proposals.
On 23 September 2015, parties from the Left majority in Parliament submitted bills to grant same-sex couples full adoption rights as well as access to IVF. On 20 November 2015, five proposals regarding adoption rights were approved by Parliament in their first readings. The bills were then moved to the Constitutional Affairs, Rights, Freedoms and Guarantees Committee, where they were merged into one project and approved on 16 December 2015. On 18 December 2015, the bill was approved by Parliament. On 25 January 2016, one day after the presidential election, outgoing President Aníbal Cavaco Silva vetoed the adoption bill. The Left majority in Parliament announced their intention to override the veto. On 10 February 2016, the veto was overturned by Parliament. The President begrudgingly signed the bill into law on 19 February 2016. The law was published in the official journal on 29 February, and took effect the first day of the first month after its publication (i.e. 1 March 2016).
On 13 May 2016, Parliament adopted a bill to grant female same-sex couples access to medically assisted reproduction. It was signed into law by President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa on 7 June. The law was published in the official journal on 20 June and took effect the first day of the second month after publication (i.e. 1 August 2016).
Surrogacy was explicitly banned under a law adopted in 2006. In 2016, the Portuguese Parliament passed a law allowing gestational surrogacy under limited circumstances, such as when a woman is born without a uterus or has a serious illness that affects her uterus. Surrogacy, under any of its forms, is still illegal for same-sex couples.
Discrimination protections and hate crime laws.
In 2003, laws against discrimination based on sexual orientation in employment came into effect concerning three particular measures: access to work and employment, protection against discrimination in work and against sexual harassment. Since 2004, the Constitution of Portugal has prohibited any form of discrimination based on sexual orientation, making Portugal one of the only countries in the world to enshrine a ban on discrimination based on sexual orientation in its Constitution. A new Penal Code came into force in 2007, strengthening the anti-discrimination legislation much further. The Penal Code contains several provisions that relate to sexual orientation in three aspects: recognition of same-sex relationships through protection in the same means as to different-sex relationships, such as against domestic violence and murder; equal age of consent between same-sex and opposite-sex relationships; and sexual orientation being considered an aggravating circumstance in homicide and hate crime cases. Article 13 of the Portuguese Constitution reads as follows:
In 2013, the Portuguese Parliament passed a law adding gender identity to the hate crimes provision in the Penal Code. On 19 January 2015, the Portuguese Parliament voted for the inclusion of gender identity as a protected ground of discrimination in the field of employment.
In 2015, the Portuguese Parliament unanimously approved a measure to formally adopt 17 May as the "National Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia". In doing so, the Parliament committed to "engage in fulfilling national and international commitments to combat homophobic and transphobic discrimination".
In 2020, ILGA Portugal recorded 41 cases of discrimination directed at LGBT people and 48 instances of hate crimes. In December 2020, the Court of Arbitration for Sport fined the Portuguese Football Federation €1,000 and ordered them to play four games behind closed doors (each game behind closed doors costing between €10,000 and €25,000) for homophobic insults hurled by fans during a match in October 2018. A survey from December 2020 showed that 79% of young people had witnessed incidents of anti-LGBT bullying and 86% thought that schools should better address LGBT topics.
Transgender and intersex rights.
Discrimination against transgender and intersex people is illegal in Portugal.
In March 2011, President Aníbal Cavaco Silva ratified the new "Law of Gender Identity" (), which allows transgender persons to change their legal gender on birth certificates and other identity documents. 
On 24 May 2016, the Left Bloc introduced a bill to allow legal gender change solely based on self-determination. Similar bills were introduced by the People–Animals–Nature party and the Costa Government in November 2016 and May 2017, respectively. They were merged into one measure by a parliamentary committee and subsequently approved by the Parliament on 13 April 2018. On 9 May, President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa vetoed the bill. On 12 July, the Parliament adopted the bill with changes with regards to sex changes by minors aged 16 and 17, suggested by the President in his veto message. This time around, the President signed the bill on 31 July. It was published in the official journal on 7 August 2018 and took effect the following day.
The law (Act No. 38/2018) allows an adult person to change their legal gender without any requirements. Minors aged 16 and 17 are able to do so with parental consent and a psychological opinion, confirming that their decision has been taken freely and without any outside pressure. The law also prohibits both direct and indirect discrimination based on gender identity, gender expression and sex characteristics, and bans non-consensual sex assignment treatment and surgical intervention on intersex children. By October 2018, a total of 274 people, including 21 minors, had used the new gender recognition law to change their legal gender.
In July 2019, the Minister of Science, Technology and Higher Education, Manuel Heitor, issued recommendations for universities to amend the certificates of transgender people to properly reflect their gender identity. Similarly, that same month, Education Minister Tiago Brandão Rodrigues published regulations for primary and secondary schools to facilitate transgender and intersex students. This includes using the student's preferred name, raising awareness, and training staff to handle discrimination cases and bullying.
Military service.
Portugal allows all citizens to serve openly in the Armed Forces regardless of sexual orientation, as the Constitution explicitly forbids any discrimination on that basis. Lesbian, gay and bisexual people are therefore able to serve in the military on the same basis as heterosexual men and women. A ban on transgender/nonbinary people and people living with HIV serving in the military was lifted with new regulations that came into effect in 2024.
In April 2016, Portugal's armed forces chief General Carlos Jerónimo resigned, days after being summoned to explain comments about gay soldiers made by the deputy head of the military college. President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa accepted the resignation of Jerónimo, who took up the post of chief of staff in 2014. The resignation came after António Grilo, deputy head of the military college, admitted advising parents of young military students in the Portuguese army to withdraw their sons if they were gay "to protect them from the other students". Defence Minister Azeredo Lopes considered any discrimination "absolutely unacceptable".
Conversion therapy.
Reports from 10 January 2019 suggested that several psychologists were performing conversion therapy. A few days later, a total of 250 psychologists submitted an open letter to the regulatory "Ordem dos Psicólogos" demanding an investigation into these pseudoscientific practices. The body affirmed that conversion therapy is malpractice and cannot be justified.
On 22 December 2023, Parliament passed a bill criminalizing conversion therapy with penalties ranging from three to five years for the most aggravated cases. The new law took effect on 1 March 2024.
Asylum recognition.
Since 30 August 2008, sexual orientation and gender identity have been recognised as grounds to apply for asylum.
Blood donation.
In 2010, Parliament unanimously approved a Left Bloc petition to allow gay and bisexual men to donate blood. The motion was to finally be implemented by the Portuguese Institute of Blood and Transplantation () in October 2015, and a six-month or one-year deferral period was to be enacted. However, the motion's implementation was delayed. In late September 2016, the new rules came into effect and allow gay and bisexual men to donate blood after one year of abstinence from sex.
In March 2021, in response to controversy in the country after several donations were rejected, the Portuguese Institute of Blood and Transplantation published new guidelines removing all barriers to men who have sex with men from donating blood.
Since the 15th December 2021 is the discrimination based on the sexual orientation, sexual identity and gender expression not allowed, allowing these groups to donate blood.
Living conditions.
Although there are several cases of public prejudice against LGBT people, there is a dynamic gay scene in Lisbon, Porto and in the main touristic cities in the Algarve region, such as Faro, Lagos, Albufeira and Tavira, with several gay bars, pubs, nightclubs and beaches. Other smaller cities and regions such as Aveiro, Leiria, Coimbra, Braga, Évora and Madeira have more discreet gay communities. In Lisbon, most LGBT-oriented businesses are grouped around the bohemian Bairro Alto and the adjacent Príncipe Real and Chiado neighbourhoods. In both Lisbon and Porto, there are also annual pride parades that attract thousands of participants and spectators. Lisbon is also host to one of the largest LGBT film festivals in Europe – "Queer Lisboa" – the Lisbon Gay &amp; Lesbian Film Festival. Some Portuguese beaches are popular among LGBT people, like 19 Beach, near Costa de Caparica, and Barril Naturist Beach (an official naturist beach) or Cacela Velha beach, both of them near Tavira.
Portugal is frequently referred to as one of the world's most LGBT-friendly countries, with various groups and associations catering to LGBT people, supportive legislation and high societal acceptance. In 1974, Portugal transitioned from an authoritarian clerical fascist dictatorship to a civilian democracy. During the dictatorship, LGBT people faced oppression at the hands of the state, as well as prejudice and rejection at the hands of society. Since the transition, however, LGBT people, as well as Portuguese people more broadly, have experienced an increased level of rights, freedom and liberty. Over the following years, LGBT individuals began to organize politically and slowly enter the public eye, raising awareness of their cause and movement. "" was founded in 1995, campaigning for increased legal rights for LGBT people, outlawing discrimination on account of sexual orientation and gender identity and changing societal perceptions. Numerous other groups were established, including Portugal Pride, AMPLOS ("Associação de Mães e Pais pela Liberdade de Orientação Sexual") and Pink Panthers ("Panteras Rosa"), along with a motorcycle group for LGBT people in Porto and an LGBT Catholic association in Lisbon. Owing to their advocacy and work, anti-discrimination laws were expanded to include sexual orientation and gender identity, article 13 of the Constitution of Portugal was similarly amended to prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation, transgender transition laws were relaxed and civil unions were opened to same-sex couples. In 2010, Portugal legalised same-sex marriage, the eighth country worldwide to do so and the sixth in Europe, and in 2016 same-sex couples became eligible to legally adopt. In 2019, ILGA-Europe ranked Portugal 7th out of 49 European countries in relation to LGBT rights legislation. In March 2019, the country was named the world's best LGBT-friendly travel destination, along with Canada and Sweden.
Public opinion.
A Eurobarometer survey published in late 2006 showed that only 29% of Portuguese surveyed supported same-sex marriage and 19% supported the right of same-sex couples to adopt (EU-wide average 44% and 33%).
Opinions on same-sex marriage have considerably changed since then. A 2009 survey by the Catholic University of Portugal revealed that 42% of respondents were in favour of same-sex marriage and another survey by Eurosondagem, Rádio Renascença, SIC TV, and the "Expresso" newspaper stated that about 52% of the Portuguese public were in favour of same-sex marriages. An Angus Reid poll on 11 January 2010 showed that 45.5% of those polled were in support of same-sex marriage, but this was less than the 49.3% that opposed. A Eurobarometer survey published in 2015 showed that support for same-sex marriage had risen significantly to 61%.
Views on adoption had not been changed significantly at the time same-sex marriage was passed into law: only 21.7% favored adoption, while 68.4% opposed allowing same-sex couples to adopt.
However, in 2014, during parliamentary debates on an initiative to legalize stepchild adoption for same-sex couples, polls showed that a majority of the Portuguese population supported both stepchild adoption and full adoption rights.
A 2020 study found that same-sex couples face significant discrimination in the housing markets of Porto and Lisbon. In similar quality applications for rentals, male same-sex couples received 23 to 26 percent less positive replies than opposite-sex couples, while for female same-sex couples this difference was 10 percent.
Eurobarometer.
Below is the share of respondents in Portugal who agreed with the following statements in the 2006, 2015 and 2019 Special Eurobarometer on discrimination. The last column is the change from the previous Eurobarometer. In 2006, respondents were presented with the slightly different statement "Homosexual marriages should be allowed throughout Europe".
The 2023 Eurobarometer found that 81% of Portuguese people thought same-sex marriage should be allowed throughout Europe, and 73% agreed that "there is nothing wrong in a sexual relationship between two persons of the same sex".

</doc>
<doc id="7015431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015431" title="Look Hear?">
Look Hear?

Look Hear? is the seventh studio album by 10cc, released in 1980.
Overview.
The album was recorded after a long break the band had to take due to Eric Stewart's car accident in January 1979 that left him with blindness in one eye and temporary hearing loss in one ear.
Like previous albums, it was recorded at the band's Strawberry Studios South in Dorking, Surrey.
At the time of the recording Graham Gouldman was going through a divorce, which was reflected in the songs that he wrote for the album: "How'm I Ever Gonna Say Goodbye" and "I Hate to Eat Alone". These two songs had little to no contribution from Eric Stewart in the studio, only percussion on "I Hate to Eat Alone" and nothing at all on "How'm I Ever Gonna Say Goodbye". Like the previous 10cc album, "Bloody Tourists", "Look Hear?" featured songwriting contributions from other members of the band and the album was the first by 10cc since the departure of Godley and Creme to include songs written by neither Graham Gouldman nor Eric Stewart.
Around the time of the sessions for "Look Hear?" Eric Stewart started recording a soundtrack for the film "Girls" and one of the songs recorded and intended for "Look Hear?", "Make the Pieces Fit", was eventually released on Stewart's solo album.
The cover art, created by Hipgnosis, led to speculation that the album was titled "Are You Normal" and underwent significant alteration for the album's U.S. release: the prominent display of the words "Are you normal" was replaced by a photo of a sheep relaxing on a beach, an image that was used as an insert on the original release of the album.
Release and reception.
The album was the band's first for their new label in the U.S., Warner Bros. Records. In the review of May 3, 1980 "Billboard's" observer noted that "the departure of Lol Creme and Kevin Godley from the band some time ago has not proven disastrous as this effort shows its creative juices are still flowing" and this album is full of "wit, charm and a pop sensibility."
Two singles were lifted from the album: "One-Two-Five (edit)"/"Only Child" and "It Doesn't Matter at All"/"From Rochdale to Ocho Rios". While the singles failed to chart in the U.K., "One-Two-Five" fared better in Europe, peaking at #9 in Norway. In the U.S. only "It Doesn't Matter at All" was released (B-side changed to "Strange Lover") but failed to chart.
"Look Hear?" reached #35 in the UK and #180 in the United States, disappointing positions compared to previous 10cc albums. However, the album performed better elsewhere, reaching #3 in Norway and top 20 and 30 in Sweden and the Netherlands respectively.
Both Gouldman and Stewart would later express their disappointment with the album's lukewarm reception but they would also acknowledge that their hearts might not have been in it. At the time of its making, Stewart was still recovering from an automobile accident. They also admit that the hiatus the band were forced to go through following Stewart's accident was the beginning of the end and that musical tastes had shifted in the interim.
The album was reissued in 2008 on CD with bonus tracks from "One-Two-Five" single.

</doc>
<doc id="7015432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015432" title="Duralmin">
Duralmin



</doc>
<doc id="7015433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015433" title="1016 Anitra">
1016 Anitra

1016 Anitra, provisional designation , is a stony Florian asteroid and suspected asynchronous binary system from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 10 kilometers in diameter.
It was discovered on 31 January 1924, by German astronomer Karl Reinmuth at the Heidelberg-Königstuhl State Observatory in southwest Germany. The asteroid was likely named after the fictional character Anitra from Henrik Ibsen's drama "Peer Gynt".
Orbit and classification.
"Anitra" is a member of the Flora family (), a giant asteroid family and the largest family of stony asteroids in the main-belt.
It orbits the Sun in the inner main-belt at a distance of 1.9–2.5 AU once every 3 years and 4 months (1,208 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.13 and an inclination of 6° with respect to the ecliptic. The asteroid's observation arc begins at Heidelberg, 12 days after to its official discovery observation.
Physical characteristics.
In the SMASS classification, "Anitra" is a common, stony S-type asteroid.
Rotation period.
In November 2015, a rotational lightcurve of "Anitra" was obtained from photometric observations by an international collaborations of astronomers who combined their observational results. Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of 5.92951 hours with a brightness amplitude of 0.30 magnitude ().
Binary system.
"Anitra" is a suspected asynchronous binary asteroid, a system with a fairly large separation, for which tidal forces have been insufficient to synchronize the periods within the system's lifetime. The likely minor-planet moon has a rotation period of 2.609 hours and is thought to orbit its primary every 240 hours. The results, however, are still tentative. More than 100 known binaries from the asteroid belt have already been discovered.
Diameter and albedo.
According to the survey carried out by the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, "Anitra" measures 9.539 and 10.302 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.2728 and 0.308, respectively.
The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" assumes a standard albedo for stony S-type asteroids of 0.20 and calculates a diameter of 12.97 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 11.8.
Naming.
This minor planet was probably named after the Arabian dancer Anitra, daughter of a Bedouin chief in Henrik Ibsen's drama "Peer Gynt", a five-act play in verse. The music was composed by Edvard Grieg who named one piece "Anitra's Dance". The minor planets and are named after Grieg and Ibsen, respectively.
The official naming citation is based on research by Lutz Schmadel and feedback from astronomers R. Bremer and I. van Houten-Groeneveld.

</doc>
<doc id="7015435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015435" title="New Test Leper">
New Test Leper

"New Test Leper" is a song by R.E.M., included on their tenth studio album, "New Adventures in Hi-Fi", which was released in 1996. It was not released as a single; its only non-album issue was on a 1996 Germany-only-released Warner Bros. Records promotional CD. The song was also included in the greatest hits compilation "Part Lies, Part Heart, Part Truth, Part Garbage 1982–2011", released in 2011 soon after the group disbanded. The song was played live throughout the "Up" tour in 1998 and 1999. In 2003, it was played live for two concerts, was played once in 2005, once in 2007, and one final time in 2008.
Recording.
The song was recorded at Bad Animals Studio in Seattle, Washington, in March 1996, four months after R.E.M. completed their 1995 world tour in support of their previous album, "Monster". On the track, Bill Berry plays drums and shaker; Peter Buck plays guitar; Mike Mills, bass and organ; and Michael Stipe provides the vocals, which were penned during moments of downtime at the studio.
The following month, on April 19, the band recorded an acoustic version of the song at the same location. That version was released as a B-side to the "Bittersweet Me" single. The video of the performance, directed by Lance Bangs, was used as the video to the album version of the song in the Bonus Videos section on the band's "" DVD, released in 2003.
Songwriting and lyrics.
Stipe said in a 2008 Q&amp;A that the protagonist of the song was inspired by seeing a trans woman on a talk show "trying to explain and defend her choices and orientation. It was painful to watch her basically humiliated simply by the decision to be on the show. And with commercial breaks. I couldn’t imagine what was said when they were off camera. Glaring horrible studio lighting."
The first line of the song contains the lyrics "I can't say that I love Jesus", attracting some controversy. Peter Buck clarified the matter to 'Q' magazine's Tom Doyle in 1996: "It's written from the perspective of a character that Michael saw on TV on a talk show. But are people going to think Michael's talking about himself not liking Jesus? I don't think that people will take us that seriously. It's not like we're tearing up a picture of the Pope on television." He was referring to Sinéad O'Connor's 1992 "Saturday Night Live" incident.
"'New Test Leper' is something that we only played at soundcheck, like, twice," Buck explained in another interview, this time to "Addicted to Noise"'s Michael Goldberg, also in 1996. "And for some reason, we just forgot about it and never really played it. I don’t know why. Michael just happened to luckily enough have it on tape. He says, 'I’ve got this great stuff for that song and none of us even remember playing it.' So we cut it here in Seattle when we did the record. I think it’s probably the most R.E.M.-ish sounding thing on the record. Literally, Michael was watching one of those talk shows and I think the subject was ‘People judge me by the way I look’ or something. Whereas I, when I have the misfortune to look for two minutes at one of those Oprah, Geraldo things, I just get revolted at everyone concerned: the audience, me. Michael actually looked at it and felt like, ‘Gosh, what if someone’s actually trying to communicate something to these people and this person who’s in this awful, tacky, degrading situation?’ So it’s written from that perspective. And I think probably having done press conferences in the past and being in those kinds of situations, there might be a little empathy from experience that we’ve had.”
According to Darryl White's R.E.M. Timeline, "New Test Leper" received its first live airing on May 31, 1997, at the Variety Playhouse in Atlanta during the final show of The Magnificent 7 vs. The United States' tour. The "Magnificent 7" was composed of Peter Buck, Mark Eitzel, Justin Harwood, Dan Pearson, Barrett Martin, Scott McCaughey and Skerik Walton, with other people performing occasionally. Buck's R.E.M. bandmates were present, and the guitarist left Eitzel to perform the last encore to go backstage and talk with the trio. Berry, however, had already departed and was on his way home. “Bill phoned me after the show to tell me he’d loved it,” explained Buck. “But he had to leave halfway through because he was scared he’d be asked to play. It had taken him two hours to drive there; he stayed for forty minutes, and then drove home so he wouldn’t be asked to play one R.E.M. song." The remaining threesome put together a short set and took to the stage.
During R.E.M.'s performance on VH1 "Storytellers" in 1998, Stipe explained the background of the song he described as his "crowning achievement": how he initially (and, thankfully for him, erroneously) thought he'd stolen the song's "biggest line" - "What a sad parade" - from his friend Vic Chesnutt; how he wanted to write a follow-up to the only other song he knew that contained the word "Jesus" in the first line - namely Patti Smith's re-working of Van Morrison's "Gloria" ("Jesus died for somebody's sins but not mine"); how he "wanted to write a song that was in the 6/8 polka kind of thing, but wanted the vocal to be contrapuntal; and how he quoted his favorite movie in the second verse ("I am not an animal," from "The Elephant Man", a movie that Stipe says also inspired R.E.M.'s "Carnival of Sorts (Box Cars)", amongst others).
Regarding Mike Mills' bass line, in 2023, he told "Vulture: ""I try to keep my bass lines a certain way, but for some reason with 'New Test Leper' I decided to basically play a bass solo all the way through the verses. You don't want the bass by itself, but in terms of free-forming and playing a lot of notes and having a lot of fun with it, I think 'New Test Leper' is the one where I took the guardrails off of it and had a good time."

</doc>
<doc id="7015436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015436" title="LGBTQ rights in San Marino">
LGBTQ rights in San Marino

 
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people in San Marino may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBTQ residents. Both male and female same-sex sexual activity are legal in San Marino, but households headed by same-sex couples are not eligible for the same legal protections available to opposite-sex couples.
Discrimination on account of sexual orientation is banned under the 2019 amendments to the Constitution of San Marino. In November 2018, the Grand and General Council approved a bill to legalise civil unions. The law, which took effect on 5 December 2018 and became fully operational on 11 February 2019, following a number of further legal and administrative changes, allows same-sex and opposite-sex couples to enter into a union and receive some of the rights and benefits of marriage.
Legality of same-sex sexual activity.
Homosexuality was decriminalised in San Marino in 1864. 
From 1975 to 2004, Article 274 of the Criminal Code prohibited homosexual acts if they had been engaged in "habitually" and thereby caused "public scandal". The punishment imprisonment for no less than three months and no more one year. There are no reports, however, that Article 274 was ever applied. It was the only special provision on homosexuality in the Sammarinese Penal Code. 
Article 274 was eventually repealed in September 2004. 
The age of consent is set at 14 for both opposite-sex and same-sex sexual acts. Additionally, it is an offence to "incite a minor under 18 years to sexual corruption".
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Civil unions.
On 15 November 2018, the San Marino Grand Council approved a bill to legalise civil unions in the microstate. The law, which came into effect on 5 December 2018, became fully operational on 11 February 2019, following a number of further legal and administrative changes. It allows same-sex and opposite-sex couples to enter into a union and receive certain legal rights with respect to residency, citizenship, pension rights, healthcare, succession rights, and stepchild adoption.
Same-sex marriage.
In December 2017, the Sammarinese Parliament approved an amendment to a proposed 2018 budget law that would allow same-sex marriages of foreign couples to be performed in San Marino, with the aim of encouraging tourism. Sammarinese same-sex couples will still be banned from marrying. The government now has the task of drafting legislation to implement the amendment. As of 2024, this does not appear to have happened yet.
Discrimination protections and hate crime laws.
On 28 April 2008, the Sammarinese Parliament approved amendments to the Penal Code, outlawing discrimination and hate speech on the basis of sexual orientation. The law took effect on 3 May 2008. The Penal Code also provides penalty enhancements to hate crimes motivated by the victim's sexual orientation.
In November 2018, during the final discussion of the civil union law, Deputy Davide Forcellini of the RETE Movement proposed to explicitly add the term sexual orientation to Article 4 of the Constitution. The proposal received support from the DM-SMT, the Party of Socialists and Democrats (PSD) and the Socialist Party (PS), as well as several independent deputies. In March 2019, the Parliament approved the proposal, 35 votes in favour, 8 against and 1 abstention. However, 39 votes were required. Due to failing to meet this threshold, the text was submitted to a referendum. On 2 June 2019, voters approved the amendment, with 71.46% voting in favour.
Article 4 of the San Marino Constitution now reads as follows:
In November 2019, during the country's Universal Periodic Review, San Marino accepted recommendations from Liechtenstein, Luxembourg and Mexico to outlaw discrimination on the basis of gender identity.
Military service.
The Sammarinese Armed Forces does not explicitly ban LGBT people from serving. The code of conduct of the police force prohibits unfair discrimination in recruitment. Furthermore, police officials are trained to properly respond to and identify discrimination, whether in public or within the police force itself.
Blood donation.
Gay and bisexual men are allowed to donate blood in San Marino.
Living conditions.
Until recently LGBT people in San Marino went unnoticed, with very few public debates or discussions involving the issue of LGBT rights, either in the media, society in general or politics. When LGBT groups in San Marino asked the government to recognize 17 May as the International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia in the early 2000s, their proposition was rejected.
The country's sex education programme, accompanied by emotional education programmes, expressly provide for knowledge of LGBT rights. The "Curriculum of education to citizenship" also provides for knowledge of LGBT matters.
There are occasionally reports of violence and hate crimes directed at the LGBT community in San Marino. In June 2019, the electorate voted with 71% to outlaw discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. In 2022, with the election of Paolo Rondelli to the office of Captain Regent, San Marino became the first country in modern history with an openly homosexual head of state.

</doc>
<doc id="7015439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015439" title="Paul Penczner">
Paul Penczner

Paul Joseph Penczner (September 17, 1916 – June 27, 2010) was an American artist.
Early life.
The artist was born in Jászfényszaru, a small town near Budapest, Hungary. As a child, he showed talent in art. One of his greatest accomplishments in life, per Penczner, was “when Pope Pius XII accepted a series of my works, which I created to commemorate the founding of a Hungarian religious order. I was so very young, but honored by his acceptance.” During World War II, he was a second lieutenant in the Hungarian army, then serving in alliance with the Wehrmacht under the direction of Germany's Nazi regime. Near the city of Cegled, he was wounded by a Soviet T34 tank and suffered damage to his eyesight. He was later transferred to the western front. At the end of the war, he was held for a number of months by Allied forces. After being released, he applied for immigration to the United States. While awaiting permission to immigrate, he spent several years painting portraits and landscapes in Europe.
Career.
In 1951, Penczner came to the United States with his German born wife, Jolanda. They settled in Memphis, Tennessee. Commissions for portraits began almost immediately. He spent the next fifty five years in Memphis, where he established the Penczner Fine Art Studio. During this time, he painted the portraits of many well known southerners, including Governor Winfield Dunn.
For many years, he taught drawing, painting, and portraiture. Penczner was a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity.
The artists' styles have included realism, impressionism, surrealism, and what Penczner terms as "Time Expressionism". Media has included oil, watercolor, pen and ink, pencil, acrylic, and most recently an innovative style which he calls "oil graphics" - a technique employing wax pencils and similar instruments pressed into wet oil paint.
Falling Stars.
His major artwork is "Falling Stars". The theme of this painting is the history of Twentieth Century Europe from a Hungarian point of view. Images include the Treaty of Trianon, representing the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire at the end of World War I. Also depicted are scenes of the Holocaust, the rise of Nazi Germany, and the rape of Hungarian women by invading Soviet soldiers during World War II. There is a biographical reference, picturing the Soviet T34 tank which wounded Penczner in a battle near Cegled.The figure of a one-legged man symbolizes all soldiers who fought in wars. Included are flags of Allied and Axis powers who participated in the war. A self-portrait image is seen in the center, representing a signature to the work.
A prominent theme is the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. In the lower right, we see a commemoration of Pesti Srac (Hungarian colloquialism meaning "Boys of Budapest"). This represents the young men who fought against the Soviet invasion of Hungary. Also represented is one of the Soviet tanks.
Hungarian art historian, Dr. Lilla Szabo, who is author of the book, "Penczner Versus Picasso," describes the painting thus:
Jesus and the Twelve Apostles.
Penczner created a series of drawings depicting Jesus and the twelve Apostles. This work was accepted by Pope John Paul II for the Vatican in Rome.
Portraiture.
Over his career, Penczner has been commissioned to paint portraits of Virginia Churchill (niece of Winston Churchill), Mayor Wyeth Chandler, Jack Howard, President of United Press International, and a number of mid-south dignitaries. Pictured on the right is a portrait of the late Carol Gage, long-time friend and native Memphian.

</doc>
<doc id="7015440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015440" title="Sant Llorenç de Balafia">
Sant Llorenç de Balafia

Sant Llorenç de Balàfia is a small village in the north central area of the Spanish island of Ibiza. The village is in the municipality of Sant Joan de Labritja. The village lies to the west the designated road EI-300 which connects Ibiza town with the village of Sant Joan de Labritja. The village is north of Ibiza Town and from Ibiza Airport.
Description.
The ancient village of Sant Llorenç de Balàfia, is often just known by the name "Balàfia". This name derives from a time past when this was a Moorish village. The oldest part of the village consists of a grouping of seven houses which includes two refuge towers and two trulls (Olive Oil Press). From the main road (EI-300) a narrow lane branches away and passes close to an old well before winding its way through the aforementioned group of houses. The original builders believed in strength through numbers as shown by the way this settlement was built, with the dwellings close to each other. The seven house are strung out along a gently sloping ridge running north to south.

</doc>
<doc id="7015441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015441" title="Shedrack Kibet Korir">
Shedrack Kibet Korir

Shedrack Kibet Korir (born 14 December 1978 in Nandi District) is a Kenyan runner who specializes in the 1500 and 3000 metres.
He won the bronze medal in the 1500m at the 2007 World Championships in Osaka.
He is based at the PACE Sports Management training camp in Kaptagat.

</doc>
<doc id="7015451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015451" title="Chacidae">
Chacidae



</doc>
<doc id="7015452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015452" title="LGBTQ rights in Slovenia">
LGBTQ rights in Slovenia

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) rights in Slovenia have significantly evolved over time, and are considered among the most advanced of the former communist countries. Slovenia was the first post-communist country to have legalised same-sex marriage, and anti-discrimination laws regarding sexual orientation and gender identity have existed nationwide since 2016.
LGBT history in Slovenia.
Under the Penal Code of 30 June 1959, male homosexual acts were illegal in all of (now former) Yugoslavia. As part of overall constitutional reforms during the first half of the 1970s, the power to set penal legislation was devolved from the federal level to Yugoslavia's eight constituent republics and provinces. Slovenia passed a new penal code in 1976 that decriminalised homosexual intercourse when it came into force in 1977. All discriminatory provisions were removed. There had been no references to lesbian relationships in the old legislation.
Legality of same-sex sexual activity.
Same-sex sexual activity has been legal since 1977. Age of consent is 15 years, regardless of gender and sexual orientation.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Registered partnership for same-sex couples has been legal since 23 July 2006, with limited inheritance, social security and next-of-kin rights.
In July 2009, the Constitutional Court held that Article 22 of the Registration of Same Sex Partnerships Act (RSSPA) violated the right to non-discrimination under Article 14 of the Constitution on the ground of sexual orientation, and required that the legislature remedy the established inconsistency within six months.
On 3 March 2015, the Assembly passed the bill to legalize same-sex marriage in a 51–28 vote. On 10 March 2015, the National Council rejected a motion to require the Assembly to vote on the bill again, in a 14–23 vote. Opponents of the bill launched a petition for a referendum. The petitioners have gained more than enough signatures for a referendum. On 22 October 2015, in a 5–4 vote, the Constitutional Court ruled the National Assembly could not interpret the constitution and that the vote to block the referendum was illegal. Slovenian Catholic groups, and Pope Francis urged people to vote against the same-sex marriage bill. The referendum took place on 20 December 2015 and the bill was rejected.
On 21 April 2016, the Assembly approved the bill to give same-sex partnerships all rights of marriage, except joint adoption and in vitro fertilisation. A petition for a referendum was launched, but the president of the Assembly did not allow the referendum. He said that it was an abuse of the referendum law. The law took effect on 24 May 2016 and it became operational on 24 February 2017 without changes in marriage (only civil partnership).
On 16 June 2022, the Constitutional Court of Slovenia voted in a court decision that the statutory definition of marriage as a living community of a husband and a wife is unconstitutional, thus legalising same-sex marriage. The court decision was published on 8 July 2022 and came into force a day later, on 9 July. The National Assembly passed the act implementing the decision on 4 October 2022 in a 48–29 vote. On 11 October, the act was vetoed by the National Council, but it was reconfirmed by the National Assembly in a 51–24 vote on 18 October.
A new law legalizing same-sex marriage and allowing same-sex couples to jointly adopt children in Slovenia, came into effect on January 31, 2023. The ability to enter into registered same-sex partnerships has been closed off since the new same-sex marriage law took effect.
Discrimination protections.
Since 2003, discrimination on basis of sexual orientation in workplaces has been banned. The same goes for employment seekers. Discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is also banned in a variety of other fields, including education, housing and the provision of goods and services. The anti-discrimination laws however, are vague and open to interpretation and thus, very rarely enforced. In July 2009, the Constitutional Court held that Article 14(1) of the Slovenian Constitution bans discrimination based on sexual orientation.
On 17 February 2016, the government introduced new anti-discrimination bill, which prohibits discrimination based on sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, among others. It was approved by the National Assembly on 21 April, in a 50–17 vote. The National Council did not require the Assembly to vote on the bill again. On 28 April, the union of migrant workers SDMS filed a motion, with required 2,500 signatures, in order to be allowed to proceed with the petition for referendum. However, on 5 May, the Speaker of the National Assembly Milan Brglez refused to set a 35-day deadline during which the proposers could collect 40,000 valid signatures to force the referendum, arguing that this and several other SDMS referendum initiatives constitutes an abuse of the referendum laws. He sent the bill for promulgation the next day. It was promulgated by President Borut Pahor and published in the official journal on 9 May 2016. On 10 May, SDMS challenged the Brglez's decision to the Constitutional Court. In July 2016, the Constitutional Court rejected the challenge.
Public opinion.
A Eurobarometer survey published in December 2006 showed that 31% of Slovenians surveyed support same-sex marriage and 17% think homosexuals should be allowed to adopt children (EU-wide average 44% and 33%).
A poll conducted by Delo Stik in February 2015 showed that 59% of Slovenians surveyed supported same-sex marriage, while 38% supported adoptions by same-sex couples. The poll also gauged support for the same-sex marriage bill, which was debated in the National Assembly at the time. The results showed that a narrow majority (51%) of Slovenians surveyed supported the bill.
The 2023 Eurobarometer found that 62% of Slovenians thought same-sex marriage should be allowed throughout Europe, and 58% agreed that "there is nothing wrong in a sexual relationship between two persons of the same sex". However, only 42% of respondents agreed with the statement that "lesbian, gay, bisexual people should have the same rights as heterosexual people (marriage, adoption, parental rights)", which was well below the EU average of 69%.
LGBT movement in Slovenia.
The lesbian and gay movement has been active in Ljubljana since 1984, when MAGNUS, the gay section at ŠKUC (Student Cultural and Art Centre, Ljubljana), was founded as the "Cultural Organisation for Socialisation of Homosexuality." A pro-lesbian feminist group, Lilit, was started in 1985, followed in 1987 by LL, a lesbian group within ŠKUC. In 1990 Magnus and LL founded the national lesbian and gay campaigning organisation, "Roza Klub".
Other parts of the country have no or very few organizations regarding sexual orientation.
Social conditions.
Gay culture.
In Ljubljana there are many gay-friendly clubs and bars. Having started with only a few, the number increases every year. At klub K4 in Ljubljana there are gay and lesbian parties (K4 ROZA) one Saturday a month. At clubs Factory and Bolivar there are gay and lesbian parties organized by Jing Jang group. Parties take place there usually once a month. Other gay-friendly bars and clubs in Ljubljana are Lan, Tiffany and Galerija.
Anti-LGBT violence.
There have been numerous instances of violent gay-bashing all over Slovenia, including an attack that occurred in June 2009 during a literary event at one of the famous gay bars in Ljubljana, Open. Gay rights activist and radio journalist Mitja Blažič was hospitalized following the attack by eight black-masked younger males with torches.
In 2007, in Maribor, several individuals were beaten up by younger males during a Pride parade.
In March 2019, a brick was thrown through the window of Društvo DIH – Enakopravni pod mavrico, an LGBT NGO.
In 2019, a gay man was beaten by several individuals in Murska Sobota. He suffered kidney injuries and several broken ribs.
On 1 November 2019, a group of individuals vandalized an LGBT club, Tiffany, in the early morning hours at Metelkova in Ljubljana, and threatened the staff with violence.
2023 Pride Parade.
On 17 June 2023, the annual Pride Parade took place in Ljubljana, starting from the autonomous zone of Metelkova and proceeding along Masaryk Street, passing Bavarski Dvor, and culminating at Congress Square, where speeches and a concert by musician Masayah were held. It had approximately 3,500 participants and was also attended by the President of Slovenia, Nataša Pirc Musar, who addressed the participants. The event was held under the slogan "" (More communities, one fight), and it marked the culmination of a series of multi-day festival events, emphasizing calls for solidarity and the collective struggle for human dignity worldwide.
During and after the parade, attendees faced threats, violence, insults, flag burnings, and destruction of private property. An unknown perpetrator threw a bottle at the window of the Pritličje establishment where a rainbow flag was displayed. Members of the youth wing of Janez Janša's Slovenian Democratic Party (SDS) attempted to provoke parade participants by using biblical arguments that "there are only two genders." Zala Klopčič, an activist and influencer, argued on the street that God created humans in his image, referring to men and women, dismissing other gender identities as propaganda. Social media posts from individuals associated with the SDS youth wing expressed anti-LGBTIQ+ sentiments, while others, including former SDS youth leader Dominik Štrakl and Urban Purgar, a prominent figure associated with the Identitarian movement, made antisemitic and homophobic remarks. The SDS youth wing claimed to be victims of LGBTIQ+ intolerance, using the tactic of projecting their actions onto others. During the Pride march, police officers in Ljubljana received a report of an unidentified suspect who physically assaulted two people, causing minor injuries.
Katja Sešek, a representative of the Pride Parade Association, told Radio Slovenia that there had not been such hostility for years. Mitja Blažič, a long-time activist and previous victim of similar attacks, highlighted the multiple instances of violence, homophobia, and transphobia during the Pride Parade as unprecedented and unsettling. The Human Rights Ombudsman Peter Svetina, the President of the National Assembly Urška Klakočar Zupančič, and the President Pirc Musar condemned the acts of intolerance and violence, emphasising the importance of respecting human rights and the freedom to express one's sexual orientation. The police are investigating reports of physical attacks, theft, and disturbances of public order related to the event. On 20 June, the violence was also condemned by Prime Minister Robert Golob. The president of the leading opposition party (SDS) Janez Janša and Janša's party did not respond to the incidents. Additionally, the Minister of Justice Dominika Švarc Pipan and the Minister of Interior Boštjan Poklukar remained silent on the matter.

</doc>
<doc id="7015454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015454" title="Trail Angel">
Trail Angel



</doc>
<doc id="7015463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015463" title="LGBTQ rights in Switzerland">
LGBTQ rights in Switzerland

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) rights in Switzerland are some of the most comprehensive by world standards. Social attitudes and the legal situation have liberalised at an increasing pace since the 1940s, in parallel to the situation in Europe and the Western world more generally. Legislation providing for same-sex marriage, same-sex adoption, and IVF access was accepted by 64% of voters in a referendum on 26 September 2021, and entered into force on 1 July 2022.
Same-sex sexual acts between adults have been legal in Switzerland since 1942. The age of consent has been the same (at 16) for homosexual and heterosexual sex since a referendum in May 1992. There has been legal recognition for same-sex relationships since 2007, following a referendum in June 2005. A legal procedure for the registration of sex changes following sex reassignment surgery was outlined in 1993, though since 2010, authorities have followed a practice of registration of sex changes without any requirement of surgery. Since January 2022, people can change their legal sex by self-determination. The Swiss Constitution of 1999 (Art. 8) guarantees equal treatment before the law, specifying "way of life" as one of the criteria protected against discrimination. Certain forms of homophobic discrimination have been a criminal offense since a referendum in February 2020.
The largest LGBT rights advocacy groups in Switzerland are Lesbenorganisation Schweiz for lesbian rights (founded in 1989), Pink Cross for LGBT rights (founded in 1993), and Transgender Network Switzerland (founded in 2010). In the 2010s, these groups had increasingly tended to make use of the initialism LGBTI (for "lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, intersex") as an umbrella term for their respective areas of interest. Intersex organization "Zwischengeschlecht" campaigns for intersex rights and bodily autonomy.
Legality of same-sex sexual activity.
Same-sex sexual activity was decriminalised nationwide in 1942 with the introduction of a national criminal code. Some cantons had legalized same-sex sexual activity previously. The cantons of Geneva, Ticino, Vaud and Valais had done so in 1798 by adopting the Napoleonic Code.
The higher age of consent for same-sex sexual activity (20 years instead of 16 for heterosexual sexual activity) was repealed by the criminal law reform of 1992. In a national referendum on 17 May 1992, 73% of the voters accepted the reform of Swiss federal legislation on sexual offences, including the elimination of all discrimination against homosexuality from the Penal Code. Article 187 of the Criminal Code states that the general age of consent for sexual activity in Switzerland is 16.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Registered partnerships.
Registered partnerships have been recognized by law (for same-sex couples only) since 1 January 2007, when the "Registered Partnership Act" came into force. Prior to this, the cantons of Geneva, Fribourg, Neuchâtel and Zürich already allowed registered partnerships. In 2007, one in ten of all unions in Zürich were registered partnerships.
Same-sex marriage.
Same-sex marriage was legalized in a referendum on 26 September 2021. 64.1% of voters supported an amendment to the civil code that allowed same-sex marriage, adoption by same-sex couples and assisted reproductive technology for female same-sex couples. The amendment came into force on 1 July 2022.
The amendment originated with a bill by the Green Liberal Party of Switzerland MP Kathrin Bertschy providing for same-sex marriage. On 18 December 2020, the Swiss federal legislature adopted corresponding legislation, which also provides for IVF access for lesbian couples. In Switzerland's system of semi-direct democracy, the statute was subject to a popular referendum if its opponents collected 50,000 signatures demanding one within three months. The right-wing EDU party did so, collecting 61,027 signatures.
Adoption and parenting.
Single people, regardless of sexual orientation, may adopt children. A bill permitting stepchild adoption for same-sex couples was approved by Parliament in spring 2016. Opponents unsuccessfully tried to force a referendum on the bill. The law came into effect on 1 January 2018. By late December 2018, about one year after the adoption law had taken effect, about 173 same-sex stepchild adoption applications had been filed. This data does not include the cantons of Luzern, Thurgau, and Zürich. About 22 had been filed in the canton of Geneva and 20 in the city of Lausanne.
Joint adoption was illegal for same-sex couples in Switzerland because it is restricted to heterosexual married couples. The statutory amendment that legalised same-sex marriage permits married same-sex couples to adopt jointly and access IVF treatment went into legal effect from July 1, 2022.
Discrimination protections.
Anti-discrimination laws.
Constitutional and civil law.
The Swiss Constitution (Art. 8) guarantees equal treatment before the law, specifying "way of life" as one of the many stated criteria protected against unfair discrimination. Swiss law recognizes a very strong principle of freedom of association and, as such, has only limited provisions to outlaw discrimination in the private sector or between private individuals. Notable exceptions are the "Law for Equal Treatment of Men and Women" (; ; ; ) and Article 261bis of the Penal Code outlawing discrimination based on "race, ethnicity, religion or sexual orientation". Because of this situation, private lawsuits against alleged discrimination in recent years have increasingly attempted to invoke the difficult-to-interpret prohibition of "personal injury" (Art. 28a of the Civil Code). Discriminatory termination of employment is protected against if it can be shown that employment was terminated based on "a property to which the other party is entitled by virtue of their personhood, except where that property bears a relation to the nature of the employment contract or significantly affects the work environment". However, there have been very few actual legal proceedings based on lawsuits against alleged discrimination on such grounds. A 2015 survey found seven individual cases, none of which involved alleged discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
There are also anti-discrimination provisions in the laws and regulations of some cantons and municipalities. For example, in September 2017, the cantonal executive body of Geneva adopted new regulations against discrimination based on sex, sexual orientation and gender identity in the cantonal government. Workplace discrimination against LGBT people is considered to be an ongoing problem in a 2014 report by the Institute of Gender Studies at the University of Geneva and the Federation of LGBT Associations of Geneva.
Criminal law.
Since February 2020, discrimination because of a person's "sexual orientation" is prohibited by Art. 261bis of the Swiss Criminal Code. This category was added by a 2018 law, adopted by Swiss voters in a referendum on 9 February 2020, to a provision that already prohibited discrimination because of race, ethnic origin or religion. The specific prohibited acts are:
Violations are liable to be punished by a custodial sentence not exceeding three years, or a monetary penalty.
This change in law was initiated in 2013 by Mathias Reynard, an MP of the Social Democratic Party, with a bill to outlaw all "discrimination and incitement of hatred" on the basis of "race, ethnicity, religion or sexual orientation". On 11 March 2015, the National Council voted 103–73 to allow the bill to continue through the legislative process. The Committee of Legal Affairs of the Council of States allowed the bill to proceed on 23 April 2015. In February 2017, the Committee of Legal Affairs of the National Council approved, in a 15–9 vote, an amendment to the bill adding "gender identity" as a prohibited ground of discrimination. The bill was opposed by several members of the Swiss People's Party (SVP/UDC), which regarded it as unnecessary, although the party as a whole chose not to take a position on the bill. The other parties mostly supported the bill, as did 86% of the Swiss people according to polls.
In August 2018, the Federal Council announced its support for the proposal, but recommended that the term gender identity be removed due to its "vagueness". The National Council refused to remove the term, and approved the bill on 25 September 2018, in a 118–60 vote with 5 abstentions. On 7 November 2018, the Legal Affairs Committee of the Council of States approved in a 9 to 2 vote (with 1 abstention) the legal change to make discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity illegal. Outlining its decision to also include gender identity, the committee said transgender and intersex people were the victims of discrimination alongside homosexuals and bisexuals. In November 2018, the Council of States approved the bill in a 32–10 vote. However, by 23 votes to 18, it voted to remove the term "gender identity" due to it being "too vague". Many deputies and LGBT organisations welcomed the extension of the law to include sexual orientation, but expressed disappointment that gender identity was excluded, which according to Transgender Network Switzerland "excludes and further marginalises intersex and transgender people. [The law] will only be complete when it condemns discrimination based on gender identity." Because the legal text had been altered, the National Council had to re-vote on it. On 3 December, despite demands from the Social Democrats and the Greens, in a 107–77 vote, it voted to exclude gender identity from the bill. By April 2019, opponents had collected 70,000 signatures to force a referendum on the law. Despite concerns over the validity of the signatures, as several people reportedly signed the initiative believing it to be a campaign against homophobia, a referendum took place on 9 February 2020. Swiss voters approved the law with about 63% voting in favor.
Hate crime laws and violence.
In November 2016, Swiss LGBT groups began offering a helpline to LGBT people.
In August 2017, the Swiss Federal Council expressed opposition to a motion proposed by the Conservative Democratic Party which would force the confederation to count and register hate crimes committed against members of the LGBT community. It argued it would be too difficult to keep track of these crimes, as it is not always clear whether homophobia or transphobia was a factor. In September 2019, the National Council voted in support of the bill (97 approve, 94 oppose), followed by the Council of States rejecting it in March of 2020 (18 approve, 21 oppose), thereby dismissing the motion.
A 2018 survey of 1,700 Neuchâtel school children (14–15-years old) found that 10% of girls and 5% of boys identified as LGBT. Among these, 38% reported receiving slaps, kicks or punches, 25% reported frequent harassment, 16% reported being victim of physical violence and 7% reported being discriminated against by a teacher.
Military service.
Since 1992, homosexuality and bisexuality are no longer mentioned in the Military Criminal Code (MCC). After a referendum on 17 May 1992, the then Article 127 dealing with unnatural fornication in the military ("Who makes a lewd affair with a person of the same sex will be punished with prison ...") was abolished.
Since 2005, the association QueerOfficers Switzerland has acted as a network for queer members of the armed forces and thus as a representation of the interests of LGBTI members of the armed forces.
Since 2013, some transgender people have been able to serve openly in the Swiss Armed Forces. In that year, the case of a cook whose deployment to KFOR service was initially canceled after she came out as transgender was discussed in a high-profile TV programme. As a result, the Army changed its policy to allow the service of transgender people if a medical examination determines that they are "in good physical and psychical health, sufficiently resistant to stress, resilient and able to be subordinate", and it established a diversity office. Since 2019, the draft form has allowed draftees to indicate their gender identity separately from their legal sex, a change proposed by LGBT rights organizations. However, transsexuality or gender dysphoria remain reasons for dismissal according to Army regulations. Army medical officials said that about 18 draftees were so diagnosed annually. In 2019, a trans man was refused recruitment because of these regulations; but the Chief of the Armed Forces, Philippe Rebord, said that they and the case would be reviewed. In September 2019, Lt Col Christine Hug became the first trans woman to command a battalion.
Transgender rights.
On January 1, 2022, a new process to change one's legal sex based on self-determination came into effect in Switzerland. No divorce, surgery, or medical conditions are required. It allows to legally change between the female and male sex. The law refers to sex, and does not mention "gender", "gender identity" or related concepts. Furthermore, the accompanying official message, which outlines the reasoning of the legislative body, states that sex is binary in Swiss law. Neither gender nor gender identity is registered by Swiss authorities.
This situation developed as follows: A 1993 ruling by the Federal Supreme Court (BGE 119 II 264) allows for a legal procedure for the registration of sex changes. In February 2010, in an extension of the scope of the 1993 Federal Supreme Court ruling, the Federal Office for Civil Registration (EAZW/OFEC/UFSC) of the Federal Department of Justice and Police advised cantonal executives to legally recognize sex changes even in the absence of surgery. The EAZW made it explicit, with reference to the principle of separation of powers, that the order is binding only for cantonal executive organs and not for cantonal courts of law. The Federal Office for Civil Registration also stated that a marriage can be converted into a registered partnership, if one of the partners should change their legal sex. In May 2018, the Federal Council proposed altering Swiss legislation to allow individuals to change their registered sex and first name(s) by simply by making a declaration at the civil status registry. On 11 June 2020, the Council of States passed legislation to this effect by 31 votes for, 7 against, and 7 abstentions. It would permit people to change their legal sex without further requirements, such as surgery, medical examinations, et cetera. Minors aged between 12 and 18 would need the consent of a legal guardian to undertake a legal sex change. On 24 September 2020, the National Council passed the legislation by 121 votes for, 61 against, and 13 abstentions and suppressed the consent of a legal guardian by 100 votes for, 93 against, and 2 abstentions. On 2 December 2020, the Council of States approved the bill in its second reading, but introduced a limit of 16 years of age for which the consent of a legal guardian is no longer required. Swiss legal practice until the end of 2021 only allowed persons to change their officially registered sex through judicial proceedings.
In November 2019, the Grand Council of Basel-Stadt voted to include "gender identity" in its law on detention to better protect transgender people in regard to placement in correctional facilities.
In June 2023, the Federal Supreme Court upheld the firing of a teacher by a cantonal school after the teacher refused to call a transgender student by his chosen male first name. The court explained that the school was constitutionally required to protect the student's right to privacy and individual self-determination, including his identity, and that this requirement outweighed the teacher's religious objections.
Intersex rights.
Intersex infants in Switzerland may undergo medical interventions to have their sex characteristics altered. Human rights groups increasingly consider these surgeries unnecessary and, they argue, should only be performed if the applicant consents to the operation. In 2012, the Geneva University Hospitals issued guidelines prohibiting its doctors from performing such procedures without the consent of the applicant.
In 2018, the National Council, the lower house of Parliament, expressed support for an "X" sex descriptor on identity documents, with 107 votes in favour. A separate motion to allow intersex individuals to leave their sex entry blank was also accepted, with 109 votes in favour. The Federal Council will now review the motions and later express recommendations.
In April 2019, the Grand Council of Geneva passed two motions, one unanimously, against the use of such surgeries, which they labelled "mutilation". The motions foresee a reparation scheme and free psychosocial counselling for the victims, as well as the dismissal of any doctor or physician who performs these procedures on intersex people without their consent.
Blood donation.
From November 1, 2023, a 4-month deferral period after the last new sexual contact is to be implemented for gay men to donate blood, the same applied to everyone else. (down from 1 year since 2017).
In the 1980s, as a result of the HIV/AIDS pandemic, a blanket ban on gay and bisexual men donating blood was enacted. In June 2016, the Swiss Red Cross announced it would address a request to Swissmedic, Switzerland's surveillance authority for medicine and medical devices, and ask for the ban to be lifted. Under the new rules, gay and bisexual men can donate blood and stem cells if they have not had sex in a year. The rules were implemented on 1 July 2017.
In early May 2017, the National Council approved a motion calling on all restrictions on gay and bisexual men donating blood to be lifted. According to the National Council, only risky behaviour should be a factor for blood donation, not one's sexual orientation. The motion, introduced by the Conservative Democrats, was approved 97–89. However, this was rejected by the Council of States on 29 November 2017. The 1 year deferral period for gay and bisexual men donating blood therefore remains in place - until November 1, 2023, when the 4-month deferral period goes into effect.
Conversion therapy.
So-called conversion therapies remain unregulated at the federal level, but legislative efforts to ban them are ongoing. Several cantons have banned them by way of cantonal legislation. 
Federal regulation.
In 2016, Conservative Democrat MP Rosmarie Quadranti requested the Swiss Federal Government to undertake measures to outlaw conversion therapy on LGBT minors. The Swiss Federal Council wrote in response that in its view, conversion therapies are "ineffective and cause significant suffering to young people subjected to them", and would constitute a breach of professional duties on the part of any care professional undertaking them. As such, in its view, any care professional undertaking such therapies is already liable to be sanctioned by the cantonal authorities, if the cantons make the choice to enforce this rule. Whether such therapies also constitute a criminal offense is to be determined by the criminal courts in individual cases, according to the Federal Council.
On 12 December 2022, the National Council adopted a motion of its legal commission calling for a national ban on "conversion therapies." 143 members of parliament voted in favor, 37 against (most of the Swiss People's Party's representatives), and 11 abstained. The motion remains pending in the Council of States. Also pending is a report the government is required to submit concerning the necessity of regulating conversion therapies. With a view to awaiting this report, the Federal Assembly in 2024 rejected two cantonal initiatives by the cantons of Luzern und Basel-Stadt aiming at banning conversion therapies.
Cantonal regulation.
Neuchâtel banned conversion therapies in 2023, Valais and Vaud in 2024.
When in 2018 a therapist in Geneva claimed to be able to "cure" homosexuality through homoeopathy, he was fired, and the Geneva Ministry of Health opened an investigation because of the therapist's belief that homosexuality is an illness. 
Position of political parties.
Among the major political parties, the Social Democratic Party (SP/PS), the Green Party (GPS/PES), FDP.The Liberals (FDP/PLR), the Green Liberal Party (glp/pvl) and the Conservative Democratic Party (BDP/PBD) are in favour of LGBT rights including same-sex marriage, adoption and access to artificial insemination for lesbian couples, whereas the Swiss People's Party (SVP/UDC) is generally opposed.
Despite its large Catholic and socially conservative base, the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP/PDC) has become increasingly supportive of same-sex marriage and LGBT rights in recent years. A 2019 survey showed that about 83% of CVP candidates running in the federal election in October were in favour of same-sex marriage. The party supports same-sex marriage and adoption, but opposes access to fertility treatments for lesbian couples.
Public opinion.
A 2016 poll commissioned by gay-rights organisation Pink Cross found that 69% of the Swiss population supported same-sex marriage, with 25% opposed and 6% undecided. Divided by political orientation, the poll found support at 94% among Green Party voters, 63% among Christian Democrat voters and 59% among Swiss People's Party voters. According to the same poll, 50% of the Swiss people supported full joint adoption for same-sex couples, while 39% were opposed and 11% were undecided.
A December 2017 Tamedia poll found that 72% of Swiss people supported same-sex marriage, with 25% opposed. 88% of Greens, Social Democrats and Green Liberals, 76% of Liberal voters, 66% of Christian Democrats, and 56% of Swiss People's Party voters expressed support.
A 2017 Pew Research Center poll found support for same-sex marriage among Switzerland's population at 75%, with 24% opposed and 1% undecided.
In February 2020, a poll conducted by the gfs group found that 81% of respondents "strongly" or "somewhat" supported same-sex marriage, 18% were opposed and 1% were undecided.
In November 2020, another poll conducted by the gfs group found that 82% of respondents "strongly" or "somewhat" supported same-sex marriage, 17% were opposed and 1% were undecided, 72% supported adoption and 70% supported assisted reproductive technology for lesbian couples.
LGBT rights movement in Switzerland.
Since the mid-1990s, an annual Coming Out Day has been held with various publicity events in order to encourage LGBT people to develop a positive relationship with their identity, particularly among young LGBT people. The day is also observed in schools, high schools, universities and other institutions throughout the country, often in the form of seminars, movies, questionnaires, group discussions, etc.
Numerous LGBT organisations operate in Switzerland, on both a national or regional level. The Swiss Lesbian Organisation ("Lesbenorganisation Schweiz", "Organisation suisse des lesbiennes", "Organizzazione svizzera delle lesbiche", "Organisaziun svizra da lesbas") was founded in 1989 to advocate for lesbian rights, and Pink Cross was founded in 1993 to campaign for the rights of gay and bisexual men. The groups advocate for visibility, as well as legal rights for same-sex couples and societal acceptance. Pink Cross describes its mission "as represent[ing] gay interests in the realms of politics, administration and public opinion." Transgender Network Switzerland campaigns for the betterment of the transgender community, offering its services to any transgender individual seeking advice on legal sex and name changes, the armed forces or asylum. Other groups include "Dialogai", founded in 1982 to offer helplines and advice, "Zwischengeschlecht", an intersex association, Queeramnesty, and Rainbow Families ("Regenbogenfamilien", "Familles arc-en-ciel", "Famiglie arcobaleno", "Famiglias d'artg"). On a cantonal level, there are also several LGBT groups, including "Vogay" in Vaud, "Alpagai" in Valais, "Homosexuelle Arbeitsgruppen Zürich" (HAZ) in Zürich, "GayBasel" in Basel-Stadt and "Imbarco Immediato" in Ticino, amongst others. In addition, there are also several LGBT youth groups present at Swiss universities, including at EPFL, ETH Zurich, the University of Lausanne and the University of St. Gallen.
Pride parades are held throughout Switzerland. The largest and oldest such event is held in Zürich, first organised in 1994. In 2019, the event saw the participation of about 50,000 people. In the Romandy, Pride festivals rotate cities every year. The 2019 edition, which was held in Geneva, saw a turnout of 35,000 people. Other cities where such events have been held include Bern, Basel, Lausanne, Fribourg, Sion, Lugano, and Lucerne.
There are several openly LGBT politicians in Switzerland. Among them is Claude Janiak, State Councillor and former National Council President, who is involved in AIDS work and Pink Cross. Mayor of Zürich Corine Mauch is also openly gay.
The "Gay Happiness Index" (GHI) published based on a poll by PlanetRomeo lists Switzerland at rank nine with a GHI score of 70.
In 2017, the rights group Rainbow Europe ranked Switzerland three places lower after delay in updating its anti-discrimination laws to explicitly include gender identity and sexual orientation.
In 2018, a Chur bishop drew controversy after claiming that 90% of victims of child sex abuse and paedophilia in the Roman Catholic Church were of "a homosexual tendency".
In February 2020, the Swiss population voted, with 63.1% in favour, to extend the country's hate speech law to cover sexual orientation, thus making public incitement to hatred on account of sexual orientation a criminal offence. The results of the referendum varied significantly by linguistic region; whereas 75.3% of French-speaking Switzerland and 66.5% of Italian-speaking Switzerland supported the proposal, only 59.0% of German-speaking Switzerland did so. For instance, while the small French-speaking town of Rougemont voted 70.1% in support, the neighbouring German-speaking town of Saanen voted 55.7% against. The highest "yes" vote was recorded in the canton of Vaud, which voted 80.2% in favour (with its capital city, Lausanne, supporting the proposal at 86.3%). The town of Chigny recorded the highest "yes" vote of any town in the country, at 89.4%. Another distinction in the results were urban and rural areas; support was 73.7% in urban areas (79.6% in the French-speaking parts, 72.5% in the German-speaking parts and 68.5% in the Italian-speaking parts), while it was 54.8% in rural areas (70.6% in the French-speaking parts, 64.6% in the Italian-speaking parts and 48.6% in the German-speaking parts).

</doc>
<doc id="7015465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015465" title="Rhododendron schlippenbachii">
Rhododendron schlippenbachii

Rhododendron schlippenbachii, the royal azalea, is a species of "Rhododendron" native to the Korean Peninsula and adjacent regions of Northeast China, Japan, and the Russian Far East. It is the dominant understory shrub in many Korean hillside forests, growing at altitude.
Description.
It is a dense deciduous shrub growing to in height, but more commonly tall. The leaves are obovate, long and broad, with scattered glandular hairs. The flowers are white to pink, often with small red spots on the upper three petals; they are produced in late spring to early summer.
The scientific name "schlippenbachii" is derived from Baron von Schlippenbach, a Russian officer who collected the species in 1854.
Cultivation and symbolism.
In Korean language, it is called and if the color of the petals is white, the flower is called . The Royal Azalea is commonly chosen as a local symbol in South Korea, by provinces, cities and counties such as Gangwon Province, Gapyeong and Miryang.
It is widely cultivated in many parts of the world; some cultivars bear white flowers. The fruit is egg-shaped and oval, long, with glandular hair, which ripen in October. Azaleas are poisonous and can not be eaten.

</doc>
<doc id="7015466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015466" title="1021 Flammario">
1021 Flammario

1021 Flammario, provisional designation , is a dark background asteroid from the central regions of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 11 March 1924, by German astronomer Max Wolf at the Heidelberg-Königstuhl State Observatory in Heidelberg, Germany. The asteroid was named after French astronomer Camille Flammarion. The uncommon F-type asteroid has a rotation period of 12.16 hours.
Orbit and classification.
"Flammario" is a non-family asteroid from the main belt's background population. It orbits the Sun in the central asteroid belt at a distance of 2.0–3.5 AU once every 4 years and 6 months (1,654 days; semi-major axis of 2.74 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.29 and an inclination of 16° with respect to the ecliptic.
The asteroid was first observed as at Taunton Observatory in February 1910. The body's observation arc begins at the Pulkovo Observatory near Saint Petersburg, Russia, in January 1928, more than four years after its official discovery observation at Heidelberg.
Physical characteristics.
In the SMASS classification, "Flammario" is a "bright" carbonaceous B-type, while it is an uncommon F-type asteroid in the Tholen taxonomy. (The SMASS taxonomic scheme classifies all F-types as B-type asteroids). More recent polarimetric observations also characterized the asteroid as a dark F-type.
Rotation period.
Several rotational lightcurves of "Flammario" have been obtained from photometric observations since the 1990s (). Analysis of the best-rated lightcurve obtained by French amateur astronomer Laurent Bernasconi in January 2005 gave a rotation period of 12.160 hours with a consolidated brightness amplitude between 0.14 and 0.40 magnitude ().
Poles.
In 2016, a modeled lightcurve using photometric data from various sources, rendered a similar sidereal period of 12.15186 hours and two spin axes of (32.0°, 22.0°) and (216.0°, 55.0°) in ecliptic coordinates.
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, "Flammario" measures between 84.78 and 105 kilometers in diameter and its surface has a low albedo between 0.04 and 0.05.
The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" adopts the results obtained by IRAS, that is, an albedo of 0.0458 and a diameter of 99.39 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 8.98.
Mass, density and porosity.
Fienga et al. estimated the mass of "Flammario" as (8.6 ± 3.87/2.84) kg, with a theoretical bulk density of 1.606 ± 0.722/0.529 g/cm. Small Solar System bodies may have 20% of more porosity (which decreases with the size of the body due to self-gravity). The carbonaceous outer-belt asteroids typically show a higher macroporosity than the basaltic, stony asteroids from the inner regions of the asteroid belt.
Naming.
This minor planet was named after renowned French astronomer Camille Flammarion (1842–1925), who founded the French Astronomical Society () and the astronomical journal "L'Astronomie" in the 1880s. The official naming citation was mentioned in "The Names of the Minor Planets" by Paul Herget in 1955 (). The lunar crater "Flammarion" as well as the crater "Flammarion" on Mars were also named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="7015471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015471" title="Metrorail Western Cape">
Metrorail Western Cape

Metrorail Western Cape is a network of commuter and suburban rail services in the City of Cape Town Metropolitan Municipality (metropolitan area of Cape Town) and in the surrounding towns of Malmesbury, Paarl, Stellenbosch and Wellington in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
It is operated by Metrorail, which operates commuter rail services in the major cities of South Africa. The network is fairly comprehensive, however, some key areas have no service; notably the Atlantic Seaboard, Western Beach area, and Durbanville.
There are 85 operational trainsets, made up of 1094 coaches. There are 671 scheduled trains per weekday, operating over of the track to 122 stations and 4 halts. In 2018 there were around 500,000 daily users of the service. The services are divided into three areas, each of which has various branches.
All services either commence or terminate at the main Cape Town station in the centre of the city, which has 24 platforms. All services are by electric multiple units, aside from the daily train to Malmesbury which is on a non-electrified line.
Routes.
Southern Line.
The Southern Line travels from central Cape town through the Southern Suburbs to Muizenberg, and then along the edge of False Bay to Simon's Town. Although Simon's Town is the southern terminus, many trains terminate at Fish Hoek because the line south of Fish Hoek is single-track.
Cape Flats Line.
The Cape Flats Line travels east from Cape Town as far as Maitland, then turns south through Athlone, rejoining the Southern Line at Heathfield. The service terminates at Retreat.
Central Line.
The Central Line serves areas to the southeast of the city centre. Trains run from Cape Town to Langa on two different routes, one around the southern side and the other around the eastern side of Pinelands. From Langa they travel on one of three lines, going either to Mitchell's Plain, to Khayelitsha, or through Belhar to Bellville.
Northern Line.
The Northern Line serves the northern suburbs of Cape Town as well as some outlying towns. Some trains travel from Cape Town station to Bellville along the old main line through Salt River, Maitland, Goodwood and Parow, while others travel along the relief main line via Century City. After Bellville, trains run on one of three routes: through Kraaifontein and Paarl to Wellington; via Kuils River and Stellenbosch to Muldersvlei; or Kuils River and Somerset West to Strand.
Two "Business Express" trains provide a luxury commuter service, travelling from the suburbs to Cape Town in the morning and the reverse in the afternoon. One train runs from Huguenot (Paarl) via Kraaifontein and Brackenfell to Cape Town, while the other runs from Strand via Somerset West and Kuils River to Cape Town.
There are also two longer-distance trains stopping at all stations en route daily. One along the main line to Worcester and at the longest possible route on a commuter train in South Africa. The other is the only diesel-hauled commuter train in the Western Cape to Malmesbury which travels on the route to Bitterfontein.
Operation.
Frequencies can vary vastly from weekday peaks to weekend-off peaks. Services to Simon's Town, Bellville via Century City, Strand, Muldersvlei (via Stellenbosch) and Wellington are less frequent over weekends with a train about every hour on Saturdays and every two hours on a Sunday. In contrast, weekday frequencies on some lines offer three-minute headways.
Every train displays a four-digit train number. The route and destination of a specific train can be determined by just looking at the train number.
Up trains travel towards Cape Town and carry even train numbers, down trains travel away from Cape Town and carry odd train numbers. Destinations can be derived from the following table:

</doc>
<doc id="7015475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015475" title="Aubrey Upjohn">
Aubrey Upjohn



</doc>
<doc id="7015478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015478" title="LGBTQ rights in Vatican City">
LGBTQ rights in Vatican City

The legal code regarding lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) rights in Vatican City is based on the Italian Zanardelli Code of 1889, since the founding of the sovereign state of Vatican City in 1929.
Criminal law.
Since 1890, the territory of what is now Vatican City has had no criminal laws against non-commercial, private, adult and consensual same-sex sexual activity. The age of consent is currently set at 18 years for all persons, regardless of gender; in the case of sexual relations within marriage – only in the cases of marriages recognized as valid by the Catholic Church and by the laws of Vatican City – the legal age is set at 14 years old.
Foreign diplomats, in order to be accredited, must not be part of a same-sex family, and must not be divorced. In 2008, Jean-Loup Kuhn-Delforge, who is an openly-gay diplomat, and who is in a civil pact with his partner, was rejected by Roman Catholic officials to be the French ambassador to the Holy See. In 2015, Laurent Stefanini, an openly-gay practising Catholic diplomat was rejected by Roman Catholic officials to be the French ambassador to the Holy See, despite being single. He was backed by President Francois Hollande and was supported by France's top Curia cardinal, Jean-Louis Tauran, who was the Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church, and Cardinal André Vingt-Trois, Archbishop of Paris. France kept their ambassador position vacant from March 2015 to May 2016 in protest, before nominating another diplomat in May 2016.
Recognition of same-sex relationships.
Vatican City had always expressed disagreement with any civil recognition of same-sex unions, same-sex marriage, and the granting of adoption rights to same-sex couples.
Although Pope Francis expressed support for same-sex civil unions outside of the Catholic Church in 2023, he remained firm that "The Sacrament of Marriage is between a man and a woman as instituted by God."
Discrimination protections.
The Vatican reserves the right to remove, suspend and dismiss immediately any official and employee who publicly admits to being gay or questions the general policy of the Vatican towards homosexuals.
In 2021, the Vatican foreign minister, Archbishop Paul Richard Gallagher, delivered a letter to the Italian ambassador to the Holy See, expressing "concerns" over a bill in the Italian Parliament meant to legally protect LGBT Italians against violence and discrimination. The letter claimed the section of the bill prohibiting incitement of hatred on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity constituted a violation of freedom of speech and of religion, and asked for the draft law's text to be reformulated.
Protests.
On 13 January 1998, the LGBT activist of Arcigay Alfredo Ormando set himself on fire on St. Peter's Square (which is under the jurisdiction of the Vatican City) in protest against the attitude of deep-rooted refusal that has always been expressed by the Catholic religion towards homosexuality. As a result of the severe burns suffered, he died a few days later in a hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="7015485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015485" title="1022 Olympiada">
1022 Olympiada

1022 Olympiada, provisional designation , is a background asteroid from the central regions of the asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered at the Simeiz Observatory on the Crimean peninsula on 23 June 1924, by Soviet astronomer Vladimir Albitsky, who named it after his mother, Olimpiada Albitskaya. The X-type asteroid has a short rotation period of 3.83 hours.
Orbit and classification.
"Olympiada" is a non-family asteroid from the main belt's background population. It orbits the Sun in the central asteroid belt at a distance of 2.3–3.3 AU once every 4 years and 8 months (1,716 days; semi-major axis of 2.81 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.17 and an inclination of 21° with respect to the ecliptic.
The body's observation arc begins with its first observation as at Heidelberg Observatory in July 1910, or nearly 14 years prior to its official discovery observation at Simeiz.
Naming.
This minor planet was named after Olimpiada Albitskaya, mother of the discoverer Vladimir Albitsky (1891–1952). No accurate naming citation was given for this asteroid in "The Names of the Minor Planets". The author of the "Dictionary of Minor Planets", Lutz Schmadel, learned about the naming circumstances from Nikolai Chernykh (1931–2004), a prolific long-time astronomer at Nauchnij, Crimea.
Physical characteristics.
In the SMASS classification, "Olympiada" is an X-type asteroid.
Rotation period.
Several rotational lightcurves of "Olympiada" have been obtained from photometric observations by American astronomer Brian Warner at his Palmer Divide Observatory in Colorado. Analysis of the best-rated lightcurve from April 2008 gave a rotation period of 3.833 hours with a consolidated brightness variation between 0.27 and 0.66 magnitude (), while the period of his first 1999-observation was later revised from 4.589 to 3.822 hours. For an asteroid of its size, it has a rather fast spin-rate.
This period is also in good agreement with other observations obtained by astronomers at the Belgrade Astronomical Observatory (3.8331 h; Δ0.35 mag) in March 2008, by astronomers at the Palomar Transient Factory (3.835 h; Δ0.46 mag) in January 2012, and by a group of Italian astronomers (3.834 h; Δ0.66 mag) in March 2017 ().
Poles.
In 2011, a modeled lightcurve using data from the Uppsala Asteroid Photometric Catalogue and other sources gave a concurring sidereal period 3.83359 hours, as well as two poles at (46.0°, 10.0°) and (242.0°, 52.0°) in ecliptic coordinates (λ, β) (). Brian Warner also determined two spin axes at (40.0°, 18.0°) and (250.0°, 71.0°) using his data set from 2008 ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, "Olympiada" measures between 26.39 and 34.30 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.105 and 0.1600.
The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" derives an untypically high albedo of 0.2069 and a diameter of 26.65 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 10.2.

</doc>
<doc id="7015486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015486" title="Crane Creek (James River tributary)">
Crane Creek (James River tributary)

Crane Creek is a stream that flows through the town of Crane. The creek, a tributary of the James River and part of the White River drainage basin, is a part of the Missouri Department of Conservation's trout management program and is classified as a Blue Ribbon Trout Area.
The stream headwaters are about one mile south of Marionville and four miles east of Aurora. The stream flows south and turns east to southeast near the community of Bonham where it gains the tributary of Hemphill Branch. The stream enters Stone County and flows past the southwest side of Crane and passes under Missouri Route 13. The stream turns east and flows past the community of Quail and south of Hurley where it turns to the southeast and undergoes several sharp meanders before entering the James about 2.5 miles north of Galena.
Crane Creek was so named on account of blue cranes in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="7015487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015487" title="Something In The Air (song by Tom Petty)">
Something In The Air (song by Tom Petty)



</doc>
<doc id="7015490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015490" title="Persian clothing">
Persian clothing

Traditional Persian clothing is the historical costume of the Persian people, and of ancient Persia (now Iran) before the 1930s Pahlavi dynasty. Historically, the fabric and color of clothing was very important. During the Achaemenian period (550–330 BC), Persian clothing started to reflect social status and eminence, the climate of the region, and the season. The design philosophy for ancient clothing was a marriage of both function and aesthetics.
Images of Persian clothing examples can be seen in ancient art and Persian miniature paintings. Persian miniatures can employ both vivid and muted colors for clothing, although the colors of paint pigment often do not match the colors of dyes. Traditional Persian clothing is seldom worn in urban areas in modern times but has been well preserved in texts and paintings throughout history.
History.
Clothing in Persia is divided into several historical periods, however little is known about the earliest history. The exact date of the emergence of weaving in Iran is not yet known, but it is likely to coincide with the emergence of civilization.
There are historical discoveries in northern Iran from about 6,000 BC that refer to wool weaving at the time. Other discoveries in central Iran dating back to 4200 BC have shown that the animals' skin has not been the only clothing worn on the Iranian plateau since those years. The clothing of ancient Iran took an advanced form, with the fabric and color of clothing becoming very important at that time. During the Achaemenian period, clothing varied depending on social status, eminence, the climate of the region, and the season.
Achaemenid Period.
Persians.
Pleated Robes.
The pleated robe is formed from a rectangular cloth, typically with a width of about 120–150 cm and a length exceeding the wearer’s height. It is tailored with two main components: the pleated outer garment and a lower skirt or underpiece. The main cloth is pleated in the chest and shoulder areas, leaving the arms free and forming a flowing drape down the body. It is usually tied at the waist and gathered in the back, where it creates tiered waves or ridged folds, giving it both volume and shape. Some depictions suggest a front-slit design or a V-shaped neckline, while others show it as completely wrapped. The lower section consists of either one or two additional pieces that wrap around the waist and hips, often secured with a leather belt or cord, resulting in a skirt-like appearance underneath the pleated top layer. In some cases, the robe may be worn in a single-piece configuration, but it also appears as a combination of upper and lower garments, creating a layered effect. Achaemenid Persian clothing was a structured and symbolic extension of the wearer’s rank, function, and geography. The garments varied in color, fabric, and cut based on social class, region, climate, and the season. Clothes were made from fine materials such as silk, linen, or wool, and were often dyed in vibrant colors like saffron, white, purple, and orange, each signifying different social or symbolic meanings. Notably, purple was reserved for royalty and those of elevated rank, often decorated with golden threads.
The structure of the robes are contested in various sources, with some describing them as one piece and others as two piece, but Mehrasa Gheibi gives the following description of the garments:
"It is my opinion that Achaemenid robes were likely made from a single rectangular cloth, sewn closed at the sides except for an underarm opening. The sleeves and pleats were shaped by structured stitching and tucking, creating layered folds similar to those seen in stone reliefs. Horizontal pleats on the chest do not indicate a two-piece garment but rather a continuous design with added front panels."
Despite the existence of their own distinct costume, the Persians frequently wore Median attire.
Headwear.
The seven types of Achaemenid court headwear mentioned are as follows: Type I.1 was a simple, twisted headband worn by the royal guard; Type I.2 was a circlet or fillet, commonly worn by Elamites and many Persian soldiers; Type I.3 was a wider fillet used by soldiers, royal attendants, and mythical heroes, often decorated with floral embroidery or metal appliqué; Type I.4 was a long scarf of wool, linen, or silk wrapped tightly around the head or neck, with only the facial center exposed (bashliq/tiara/kyrbasia). This type appears on figures like the royal towel bearer and various stairway attendants; Type I.5 was a plain cylindrical hat worn by royalty and featured in the "Treasury relief"; Types I.6 and I.7 were shorter and taller fluted hats respectively, strongly associated with Persian dignitaries. Both I.6 and I.7 were types of the "mītra", a term used by Herodotus.
The primary royal crown of the Achaemenid Empire was the mitra, a tall, cylindrical or fluted symbolic headdress often referred to as a "“semi-crown”" or "“helmet-crown.”" It resembled a stylized cylinder with 18 to 22 vertical flutings or ribs and was secured with a cloth band ("ribbon or turban") tied around it. Though appearing ceremonial, this structure was tightly bound and firmly seated on the wearer’s head. In artistic depictions, especially on reliefs from Persepolis—the cylinder is often shown worn by the Shah and high-ranking individuals during official ceremonies. In wartime, a sturdier version was fashioned for the king, functioning like a helmet or protective headgear, distinguishing it from general noble headwear. This war-version was likely made of bronze or hard leather, showing durability and symbolic authority.
Women's clothing.
The primary garment of women, similar to men, was the Persian robe. The robe could vary in form: some versions lacked diagonal front folds, while others had broad panels falling behind the back like a cape, possibly gathered or tied. Hair was typically worn long and fastened with a wide barrette, while headgear ranged from decorated tiaras and diadems to bordered veils and serrated headscarves, though full veiling was uncommon among noblewomen. Accessories included neckbands, bracelets, penannular earrings, and, in domestic contexts, perfume birds and incense burners. Decorative elements such as dog-tooth borders, gold embroidery, spangles, and stitched trims embellished the robes, and silk or light wool, dyed in Mesopotamian fashion, was likely used. While the robe could be adapted for different occasions, its consistent structural complexity and ornamental detail made it a clear marker of class, hierarchy, and ceremonial function within the empire's upper stratum, distinguishing noblewomen from flower-carrying attendants or handmaidens, who wore simpler versions and often lacked ornate tiaras.
Medes.
The "candys" also written as "kandys" was a Median "qabā" and a ceremonial Persian outer garment, likely derived from Old Persian "kandu-" (“to cover”), with related forms in Elamite, and Parthian languages. It was a full-length cloak with long, often unused sleeves, draped over the shoulders rather than worn like a fitted coat. Made from fine materials, sometimes edged with fur, and dyed in purples or mixed royal colors (red, blue, white), the candys signified noble or royal status.
Although in its earliest known form in 4th–5th century BC it was shaped more like a cloak which could have decorative sleeves, only used formal settings. The Persian candys were often purple color, or made from leather and skins. Encyclopædia Iranica has stated many scholars believe candys, along with a long-sleeved tunic called a "sárapis" and long trousers called "anaxyrides", formed the riding dress of the Median people; which was portrayed in the Persepolis reliefs. It's possible it was an article of clothing associated with nobility.
Headwear.
The various Median forms of headwear largely consisted of simple bands, a variety of "bashliq" and "tiara (kurpasa)," and felt caps which were also popular among the satraps and often part of the infantry uniform.
Bashliq (Persian: باشلیق/باشلِق, Turkish: Başlık), which was also prevalent among various Turkic peoples, often overlaps and is confused with the kurpasa used in the Achaemenid period. It was later adopted and modified in Europe as the Phrygian cap. At the top it usually had a sharp and tall tip shaped like a conical sack bent backward or forward. On the back, it had a short tail-like extension that covered the neck, and on both sides it included additional flaps for covering the ears. This cap, during travel, horseback riding, or speaking with the king, was used (to prevent the breath from being exhaled toward the king's face). Sometimes with a band wrapped around the head which fell down the back Studies in Turkology and Iranology suggest continuity in the use of the bashliq between the ancient Iranian and Turkic peoples. The bashliq was widespread from Tibet to the Hellenistic world, the Middle East, and various nomadic peoples.
The kurpāsa, "kídaris, tiara", "kítaris" (Lat. "cidaris"), or "kyrbasía" was a head covering made from felt, leather, silk, or soft fabric. The kurpasa looked like a hood and was often lined with fine animal fur inside. Most people wore it flat, either folded into three bumps at the front or hanging down on the sides. Only the Great King could wear his kurpasa standing upright, probably supported from the inside. The earflaps were tied under the chin or hung loose, and the bonnet was encircled with a diadem. Additionally, the Magi wore a loose cloth over the nose and mouth to prevent their breath from defiling the sacred fire. the kurpasa is variously identified by scholars as a satrapal headdress or Persian cap.
Bodywear.
The Median dress consisted of a plain, unpleated tunic that was closed in the front and had no seams, reaching as far as the knees, with tight sleeves, a simple hem, and no collar; it was pulled over the head to wear. Later, a more detailed version made of cloth became common. This new style had long sleeves, a wide V-shaped collar, and is clearly seen in artworks like the Alexander Mosaic and Sarcophagus. The belt sat high on the waist, and the lower part of the tunic could be tucked into it during battle. Some Greek vases also show Persians wearing sleeveless versions of the tunic. The tunic is referred to as "chitón" by the Greeks and the Persian equivalent for the term is believed to be "sárapis." Possibly that as early as the end of the 2nd millennium BCE, the migrating Iranians brought with them the sarapis that had been developed in Eurasia, where the climate fluctuated sharply and life depended on cattle raising and the use of the horse, particularly in fighting
Shalvar (Persian: شلوار, Old Persian: "šaravāra)" is a form of trousers introduced from Persia to other Middle Eastern regions. The Greeks often referred to the colorful trousers of the various Iranian peoples as "anaxyrides." The Median trousers are long, and the width of each leg tapers gradually as it approaches the ankle, becoming narrower and more fitted. A thin strip of cloth is wrapped around the lower part of the trousers, allowing the fabric to be gathered and secured. This strip is tied around each leg, on either side of the trousers, providing a complete fit below the knee and preventing creases or folds. This style is similar to what is seen in modern tapered trousers. The simplicity of this design, combined with the use of belts or sashes, results in a very soft and finely tailored garment. These trousers typically feature a waistband twice the width of the belt.
Pants.
A wide belt was often worn called "Kamarband", from which English gets the word "cummerbund".
Chaqchur.
Chaqchur (footed trousers, or "čāqčūr"), were long pants often in thin black fabric, primarily worn by women, but in later history, they were worn by men. Chaqchur came in two distinct styles, the first style was loose wide-legged trousers with a waistband, ending in stockings (a balloon leg), which covers the body from waist to toes; the second style was similar to a stirrup legging. By the late Qajar dynasty (early 20th century), chaqchur were no longer in style.
Tonoka.
Tonoka ("tonbān") was a leather pant worn for traditional wrestling and athletics, the style is tight at the waist and just below the knees, and sometimes it had decorative details. The tonoka could have details such as small mirrors sewn over the kneecaps (to display the pant wearer's confidence in their win), or embroidered loops of rough cotton cord to chafe the opponent.
Qabā.
The "Qabā" (Persian: قَبا) is a traditional Iranian outer garment historically worn by men across different social classes and professions, from Shahs and nobles to clerics, merchants, and farmers. Structurally, it is a long tunic-like coat, open at the front, worn over a shirt and trousers, and sometimes secured with buttons running down the front. Some qabās have hidden buttons under the arm, and others use a belt or sash for fastening. The garment’s sleeves can vary in length and width, and it is often equipped with large inner pockets, which served both practical and ceremonial purposes, such as washing the hem for ritual purity.
Qabā fabrics varied according to climate and social rank. In winter, thicker and warmer materials like wool were common, while lighter fabrics like cotton and linen were used in summer. Wealthier individuals often wore qabās made of silk, velvet, or fine wool. There were seasonal variations too: light “spring” or “summer” qabās ("Bahāri", Persian: بهاری) and heavier “autumn” or “winter” ones ("Zemestāni", Persian: زمستانی). Fabrics such as "Atlas", "Zari", and imported European materials were used for elite garments. The colors of qabās also reflected status. Black or dark hues were common among clerics, while affluent men often chose bright colors like green, blue, or gold. Among the general populace, subdued tones were prevalent for practicality. The qabā was a unifying garment in Iranian culture, worn by virtually all men regardless of class, though with significant variation in fabric quality and decoration. It served as a marker of respectability and was often bestowed as a "Khil'at" to dignitaries, officials, or as diplomatic gifts. In certain variations of the buttoned qabā from the late Safavid to early Qajar period, an additional panel is visible extending beneath the buttoned side, creating the appearance of a secondary layer integrated under the garment.
Labbādeh.
The "Labbādeh" (Persian: لَبّاده) is a type of qabā, historically signifying a higher social rank and often associated with horsemen and shepherds. It is considered a prestigious garment that, unlike more common outerwear, conveys elegance and formality. A refined variant of the labbādeh is the "Tabbādeh" (Persian: تَبَاده), which is designed to be worn over the qabā. The tabbādeh features a circular collar that completely covers the shoulders and chest, creating a layered and sophisticated appearance. Unlike the qabā, which is more comfortable for daily use, the tabbādeh is tighter and requires careful tailoring, making it less practical but visually more striking. It has long sleeves and two vertical slits that serve as hidden pockets, but the lower part lacks buttons and is made as a single piece of fabric. Today, the tabbādeh is primarily worn by Shi’a clerics, religious students in seminaries, and some political elites, serving as a marker of scholarly and spiritual prestige. In cities like Qom, Najaf, Mashhad, and Isfahan, specialized tailors craft these garments, often requiring high skill due to the garment’s intricate structure.
Radā.
"Radā" (Persian: رَدا) is traditionally referring to any upper-body covering such as a cloak, mantle, or robe, typically worn over other clothing like the qabā. In historical Persian sources, it was also used as a general term for garments that drape over the shoulders and cover the body completely, similar to a "chādor".
Abā.
"Abā" is a long and loose radā woven of pre-fluffed wool with an open, unbuttoned front, draped over the shoulders, either sleeveless or with wide, false sleeves that do not cover the arms. In the Safavid period, it was worn in the form of a short-sleeved cloak by the "Sufis" and ascetics. Its material varied depending on the season and the wearer’s status; it could be made of fine, lightweight fabrics or of coarse wool and hair. Historically it was a common attire in Iranian society but today the Abā is a symbol of the Shia clergy.
Mohsen Sadrolashraf, one of the prime ministers during Reza Shah’s reign, writes in his memoirs that before the Pahlavi era, half of the people of Iran wore the abā"," either regularly or occasionally (for example, for prayer). However, during the reign of Reza Shah, a law was passed that prohibited the general public from using the abā and "ammāmeh""," restricting their use exclusively to the clergy. According to the law enacted by the National Consultative Assembly, wearing the abā and amm"ā"meh was permitted only for "mujtahids", prayer leaders ("pishnamazan"), seminary students ("talabeh"), and religious instructors.
Kaftan.
"Kaftān" (Arabic: قفطان, "qafṭān;" Turkish: "Kaftan"; Persian: کفتان) sometimes referred to as "Jobbeh", "Radā" or "Bālāpush", was a long, ornate, unlined upper garment made of fabric, regarded as a robe of honor (not to be confused with "Khaftān" (Persian: خفتان), used to denote a tunic-like gambeson) Its value was often indicated by the colors, decorative ribbons, and buttons it featured. Many kaftans crafted from luxurious textiles were adorned with gold-threaded bands and cords along the front and sleeves. Believed to have originated in ancient Mesopotamia. It was characterized as a long robe that reached the calves or sometimes fell just below the knee, open at the front and, with sleeves that were slightly shortened at the wrists or even cut back to the mid-arm, sometimes sleeveless and buttons running down the front. kaftans featured diverse sleeve styles to display luxury and craftsmanship. The Ottoman sultan and his court wore kaftans with short sleeves over long-sleeved entari ("qabā") to highlight contrasting fabrics. Basic kaftans had short, "kimono"-style sleeves, but unlike kimonos, the sleeves and bodice were separate pieces joined with straight seams. Gusset-like patterns curved the underarm, and short sleeves were often curved at the hem, allowing easier elbow movement and revealing the rich inner linings for added visual appeal.
Open at the front with side vents, the kaftan showcased ornate linings and facings made from bright fabrics like atlas and taffeta. Collarless versions had bias binding at the neck, while seams were finished with tack and overcast stitching. Decorations included silk cords, and applique techniques, with even unlined kaftans adorned by trims to cover seams and enhance their luxurious appearance.
Jobbeh.
"Jobbeh" (Persian: جُبه) was a very loose, baggy radā with an open front, and long, wide sleeves that tightened from the elbow down, and was considered as a luxury garment. The material usually camel wool or a mixture of thread and silk, and in the Qajar period paisley-patterned termeh was used for the jobbeh of nobility. Fur-edged cuffs and elaborate decorative bands were characteristic of the jobbeh, giving the arms a formal, luxurious finish. Its structure includes richly adorned front flaps running vertically and horizontally, embroidered with gold thread bands and metallic trims. The lower flaps of the robe are further embellished with chains and pearls
jobbeh were given to certain high ranking officials as signifiers of their rank Expensive jobbeh were used as khil'at. In the Qajar era, the jobbeh became a key outer garment for ministers, clerics, judges, and high-ranking officials, often made from luxurious imported fabrics and especially prominent during Naser al-Din Shah’s reign. In Kerman, the local wool jobbehs gained fame, with some pieces valued at thousands of pounds. Jobbehs were often passed down as heirlooms, with fine termeh varieties reserved for senior family members, and were classified into rich designs with elaborate floral patterns, mid-grade ones with simpler motifs, and plain examples for lower ranks. Observers described courtyards filled with men in magnificent jobbehs, fur-lined shawls, and tall kolah namadis.
Sardāri.
"Sardāri" (Persian: سرداری) refers to a radā with a pleated waistband that Qajar men wore over other garments. From the mid-Qajar era (particularly during and after Naser al-Din Shah’s reign), men’s overgarment ("bālāpush") included a coat-like garment that extended from the shoulders to below the knees. Over time, the outer robes of men in the late Qajar period became shorter and looser, resulting in a style where the waist area featured multiple pleats. These pleats were often made from luxurious materials such as silk, cashmere, and fine wool. Wealthy men favored Sardari garments with elaborate and colorful floral and paisley patterns, while poorer men wore simpler versions using cheaper materials like chintz and linen.
The sardari became a popular bālāpush (overgarment) worn by all social classes, especially princes, military officers, and younger officials. Initially made from luxurious materials like wool, shawl fabrics, Kerman’s fine termeh, and silks. However unlike the richly patterned qaba or jobbeh, sardaris graduated towards a typically plain, factory-made style, devoid of intricate designs, embodying a modernized, understated elegance. This shift accelerated as plain, factory-made fabrics with muted tones, especially black, became prevalent among urban elites, physicians, and even Naser al-Din Shah’s own entourage. Sardaris in somber colors like dark gray or navy reflected the spread of European taste. Shahs and princes increasingly adopted these simplified sardaris for court and travel, and eventually the style trickled down to merchants and commoners. By the late Qajar era, sardaris were so common that even provincial governors, tribal leaders, and rural notables wore them in place of the once-dominant qaba and jobbeh.
Coats and cloaks.
Chador, hijab, and jilbab.
Some scholars argue that it was Cyrus the Great who, more than a thousand years before Islam, began the practice of covering women to protect their chastity. The theory holds that the veil then passed from the Achaemenids to the Seleucids and was in turn adopted by the Byzantines, and finally transformed into the hijab by the Arabs, who spread it all over the Muslim world.
The Safavid dynasty centralized Iran and declared Shia Islam as the official religion, which led to the widespread adoption of hijab by women in the country. Shia Islam served as a tool for the Safavids to consolidate the diverse ethnic groups under their authority and to differentiate themselves from their Sunni Muslim adversaries. Covering the hair has thus long been customary for women in Iran. Iranians generally refer to jilbab by the Persian appellation chador.
Footwear.
Galesh.
Galesh () are an ancient style of handwoven shoes, that were once found in Northern Iran.
Persian heeled boots.
Ancient Persians used to wear shagreen horse leather high-heeled boots. These heeled boots were created for a strong grip in the stirrup while horse riding, and they were not used for walking. The Achaemenid Empire cavalry had used these boots, and they can be traced as far back as the 10th century.
Qajar Period.
The Taj.
During the early years of the Qajar dynasty, fashion was distinguished by the lavish use of gems and pearls to adorn clothing. A notable example is the Kiani Crown, a tall velvet headdress extensively decorated with diamonds, emeralds, rubies, and pearls.  which was utilized not just by the King, but by the foremost Princes of the realm. This type of crown consists of four parts, arranged from bottom to top: the headband section, the pearl section, the battlements, and at the very top, a red velvet cap. The second section features 1,800 pearls forming a white background for green emeralds and red rubies. Excluding the Jeghe of the crown, the height of the cap is 32 centimeters and its width is 19.5 centimeters.
The Jeghe.
Jiqeh, Jeghe, Parak, Til, named after Paisley is an ornamental piece made of feathers and jewels that was used atop the crowns, hats, and turbans of Iranian Shahs and several other rulers of the Islamic world, including the sultans of the Ottoman Empire and the Mamluks of Egypt. The Jeghe, featuring the motif of a bent cypress (a symbol of humility), represents Iran and the Iranian people. Jeghe was heavily used in earlier Qajar headwear for both men and women.
Attire.
In the early Qajar era, royal attire reflected a fascination with luxury and ornamentation, as seen in Fath-Ali Shah’s long embroidered shirts and jewel-encrusted sleeves that blended traditional Persian motifs with European influences. The introduction of photography and detailed paintings from the period reveal courtly fashions emphasizing layered robes, tall and extensive use of silk and gold-thread embroidery. Princes and nobles often wore paisley Jobbeh coats particularly towards the end of the period, sometimes with simple geometric patterns, golden trims, and elaborate borders. These garments, richly documented in works like "Sani al-Mulk’s Dār al-Salṭaneh" murals and preserved in Golestan Palace collections, showcase a transition from Safavid-inspired grandeur to more restrained yet symbolic Qajar designs, featuring repeating cypress motifs and creative tailoring innovations like concealed pockets and artistic linings
In 1807, James Morier provided a detailed account of Persian men’s clothing, introducing terms such as "zīr-jāma" for undergarments, "tekmeh" (or "tokma") for buttons, "oymeh"—possibly derived from the Turkic "oyma", referring to a type of embroidery—and "baroonee" ("bārānī"). Around a decade later, Robert Ker Porter commented on the opulent, layered appearance of Qajar court attire, which closely resembled Safavid fashions. While Porter asserted that the Qajars typically wore darker colors, evidence from paintings and surviving garments suggests otherwise. Characteristic features of men’s dress included a long robe reaching the ankles, worn over a short-sleeved waistcoat and beneath a three-quarter-length jacket. Kashmiri brocades and their local imitations remained popular for waistbands and for wrapping around the "kolāh". Jeweled armbands ("bāzū-band") were a notable accessory, and the shah along with his nobles favored full beards and moustaches, carefully dyed black for effect. By the end of the Qajar dynasty, the main elements of men’s "bālāpūsh ("outerwear")" can be defined as the qabā, belt or sash, shawl, "sardāri", "kolijeh", "jobbeh", and "abā".
Women's clothing.
Women’s domestic clothing retained traditional forms like the arkhaligh worn over a shirt, often richly decorated but lacking buttons to fasten the front, leaving it open. Gradual Western influence, especially under Nasir al-Din Shah, introduced new styles as European fashions entered royal harems and urban elite circles. Long stockings, European shoes, and shorter layered dresses replaced older garments, while social rank continued to shape fabric quality and ornamentation. Indoors, women wore light cotton or silk shirts with layered outerwear, while outdoors they wore long Chadors, Shawls, and face veils, with elite women favoring colored and embroidered fabrics. By the late Qajar period, foreign styles and tighter clothing like trousers and short jackets became common among urban women.
Kolāh.
And important aspect of Qajar clothing was the Kolāh. Also known as the "Kolāh-e Namadi" is a traditional felt hat made from wool—typically sheep, camel, or goat hair—compressed with heat and water. The wool is combined with binders like starch, oil, grease, eggs, or soap, then molded into shapes reflecting the regional style.
In the Qajar era, Iranian men—from the Shah to commoners—wore tall black hats made from the fine skins of goats and lambs, with the Shah’s hat crafted from newborn lambskin for superior quality. These Kolāh replaced earlier turbans as the standard headgear, a change tied to Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar’s dress code aimed at fostering national unity and reducing class distinctions. Variations in material quality reflected social rank, while elite men distinguished themselves with embroidered Kashmir shawls wrapped around their hats. In "Old Iran and Tehran", Ja’far Shahri notes that headwear was highly significant in Iranian culture, with going bareheaded seen as disrespectful. Those unable to afford a hat would cover their heads with a cloth or shawl, and expressions like “I swear by my hat” reflected its symbolic importance.
Over time due to Western influences the heigh of the Kolāh was reduced, standing no taller than 15–20 cm, despite resistance from the general population who saw the longer Kolāh as a sign of rank and social status.
Westernization of Iranian attire.
The first reforms occurred in military attire under orders from Abbas Mirza, the Qajar crown prince, as part of efforts to modernize Iran’s armed forces by adopting Western military advancements. Influenced by European models, he introduced new uniforms that were simpler and more practical than the traditional long garments previously worn. These included a white cotton tunic and loose trousers inspired by Russian and Ottoman styles, although initially these changes faced resistance. Critics accused Abbas Mirza of undermining Iranian customs by favoring European coats, boots, and even chairs, which were seen as inappropriate for Persian nobility.
Growing contact with the West exposed Iranians to new fashions, highlighting stark contrasts between traditional Iranian attire and European styles. Over time, European influences grew, leading to debates among officials and intellectuals over adopting Western-style uniforms for comfort, practicality, and economic reasons. Abbas Mirza’s military reforms encouraged simple, functional dress, but conservatives resisted, seeing the abandonment of traditional garments as dishonorable. Under Nasir al-Din Shah, the "kolāh nezami" (military cap) made of Bukhara lambskin became common for soldiers, and reforms introduced fitted coats and trousers, replacing flowing robes and turbans. By the late Qajar era, Western-style short coats and trousers became widespread, especially among the urban elite and military, while rural and tribal populations retained older styles.
the ulama and Shi’a clerical class retained their traditional attire as a marker of religious and social distinction. The garments of the clergy—primarily the qabā, abā, and ammama—carried deep symbolic meaning, signifying piety, continuity, and authority inherited from pre-Islamic and Islamic traditions. These garments became especially significant amidst the domination of urban life by western fashion, further setting the clergy apart. The maintenance of this attire, even as modernizing forces pushed for uniformity in dress, reinforced the clergy’s role as guardians of tradition and allowed them to resist cultural assimilation. Over time, this distinct dress developed into a codified uniform for Shi’a clerics.

</doc>
<doc id="7015492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015492" title="Mount Harriet Island National Park">
Mount Harriet Island National Park



</doc>
<doc id="7015495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015495" title="Gerard Hemsworth">
Gerard Hemsworth

Gerard Hemsworth (27 December 1945 – 15 February 2021) was a British contemporary artist and painter known for his contributions to British conceptual art. In 2000, he was the winner of the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Charles Wollaston Prize with his work 'Between Heaven and Hell'.
Early life.
Hemsworth was born in Tooting, south London, son of Ernest Hemsworth, an electrical engineer, and his wife Mary (née Corbett). He attended St Gerard’s secondary school in Clapham before studying at Saint Martin's School of Art from 1963 to 1968.
Career.
After graduating from St Martin's in 1967, Hemsworth, along with David Evison, Peter Hide and other graduates from St Martin's sculpture department, set up a studio space in a disused warehouse near Stockwell Underground Station. This came to be known as "Stockwell Depot", and Hemsworth showed at the yearly exhibitions until 1969, when his work moved further into conceptualism, deviating from the work done by other artists at the Depot at the time.
Initially his work was associated with the conceptual art practices of the late 1960s/1970s. His early works included sculpture and text-based wall pieces, and by the early 1980s it had expanded to include painting and print-making. His recent work shows the development of his distinct style of painting, utilising simple lines and shapes often showing whimsical characters and scenes.
In the early 80s, Hemsworth began teaching at Goldsmiths and ran the MFA and MA Fine Art Program. That the name Goldsmiths was to become synonymous with a new kind of British art was in large part owing to his teaching. In 2004, Hemsworth was appointed Professor of Fine Art at Goldsmiths, University of London. He was made Emeritus Professor on his retirement in 2011. Hemsworth was also an advisor at the Rijksakademie van beeldende kunsten between 1990 and 1995.
Exhibitions.
In 1967, he was selected to participate in one of the annual New Contemporaries exhibitions, started with the goal of highlighting and supporting emerging artists.
Hemsworth had his first solo exhibition at the Nigel Greenwood Gallery in London in 1970. Since the 70s he has continued to exhibit his work both in the UK and internationally. The first of his text-based wall pieces appeared in the Wall Show at the Lisson Gallery in 1970 and in 1972 Hemsworth showed in "Survey of the Avant-Garde in Britain" at Gallery House, London. In 1995 he exhibited with the BANK art collective in the show titled "Cocaine Orgasm".
In 2019 a retrospective of Hemsworth's early text works was shown at Palfrey Gallery in London. The exhibition showed 9 text works by the artist from 1973. Another retrospective of Hemsworth's early works and involvement within Gallery House in 1972 was shown at Raven Row in London in 2017.
Personal life.
Hemsworth married firstly May Davidson in 1964. They had a son and a daughter, Matthew and Jane, before divorcing in 1973. He was married secondly to Susan Ormerod, a photographic artist, in 1981. They had three children; Ruby, Jack and Frankie.
Death.
Hemsworth died on 15 February 2021, at the age of 75. He was survived by his second wife and his five children.

</doc>
<doc id="7015505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015505" title="Iranian clothing">
Iranian clothing



</doc>
<doc id="7015506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015506" title="Mowi">
Mowi

Mowi ASA (), known as Marine Harvest ASA until 2019 and as Pan Fish until 2007, is a Norwegian seafood company with operations in a number of countries around the world. The company's primary interest is fish farming, primarily salmon, the operations of which are focused on Norway, Scotland, Canada, the Faroe Islands, Ireland and Chile. The group has a share of 25 to 30% of the global salmon and trout market, making it the world's largest company in the sector. Mowi also owns a 'value added processing' unit, which prepares and distributes a range of seafood products, and a number of smaller divisions.
The company assumed its current form as a result of massive expansion in 2006, when Pan Fish ASA conducted an effective three-way merger with Marine Harvest N.V. and Fjord Seafood. The group is headquartered in Bergen and is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange where it is a constituent of the benchmark OBX Index.
For 2023, the company reported revenue of €5.51bn (up 11% from 2022), net profit of €444.4M (down 43% from 2022) and a profit margin of 8.1% (down from 16% in 2022).
History.
Constituent companies.
Marine Harvest.
The first company to use the name Marine Harvest was founded in Lochailort, Scotland by Unilever in 1965 at the outset of the Atlantic salmon farming industry. Unilever had been developing farming methods at a research facility there. The company began operations in Chile in 1975, where fishmeal raw material, originally supplying the chicken protein farming industry, started developing alternative markets in salmon and shrimp proteins. In 1992, Unilever sold the business to Lord's Hanson and White, together with Ground Round restaurants, Tommy Armour golf clubs and a tuna processor in Long Island California. Marine Harvest International (MHI) IPO on the Amex made it the first pure aquaculture play on the global stock markets. Two years later Booker Plc took the company private with the MHI shrimp division, in Ecuador, being sold to Pronaca (an Ecuadorian feed company). With ownership of the company passing to Booker plc it was merged with Booker's aquaculture subsidiary, McConnell Salmon. After deciding to divest Marine Harvest McConnell so as to concentrate on its core cash and carry business in 1998, Booker eventually succeeded in finding a buyer in July 1999. The Dutch-based nutrition firm Nutreco acquired the unit for £ 32.7 million, adding it to its fish food and salmon farming unit. Nutreco's initial attempt to further expand into the fish farming sector by acquiring the seafood arm of Norsk Hydro was blocked on the recommendation of the United Kingdom Competition Commission in late 2000, but the deal was approved in March 2001 after Nutreco agreed not to acquire Hydro Seafood's Scottish assets.
Nutreco retained the name Marine Harvest for the unit's fish farming operations, and established interests in the emerging farmed cod, halibut, yellowtail and barramundi markets. In May 2005, Nutreco merged its fish-farming operations with the salmon, trout, halibut, tilapia, cod, sturgeon and caviar businesses of Stolt-Nielsen, creating a new stand-alone company, again named Marine Harvest. Nutreco held a 75% stake in the joint venture, with Stolt taking the remainder.
Pan Fish.
Pan Fish Holding AS was founded in 1992 with a strategy to acquire many fish farms domestically and abroad. By 1997 the firm had made numerous acquisitions and opted to list on the Oslo Stock Exchange as Pan Fish ASA. However, the company had borrowed heavily to finance its rapid growth—by the end of 2001, debts had reached over NOK 4.7 billion. When the market price of salmon collapsed in 2001, Pan Fish encountered extreme financial difficulties, posting a heavy loss in 2002, and having to sell off assets in order to repay creditors. A major refinancing operation implemented in late 2002 coincided with the dismissal of the entire board of directors, including founder and CEO Arne Nore. The company slowly recovered over the following years, returning to profitability in 2005.
Fjord Seafood.
Fjord Seafood has its origins in Torgnes Invest, a company founded in June 1996 which initially operated a single fish farm in the Norwegian town of Brønnøysund. Expansion over the following four years was aggressive—by September 2000, when Fjord Seafood (as it was now called) listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, the company's portfolio comprised 60 ongrowing concessions, of which 50 were wholly owned, as well as a number of smolt and broodstock farms, slaughterhouses and processing factories. Fjord continued to conduct mergers and acquisitions - the purchase of Belgian fish-processing company Pieters N.V. in November 2000 was swiftly followed by the addition of ContiSea, the seafood joint-venture of ContiGroup and Seaboard Corporation.
As with Pan Fish, poor market conditions saw Fjord's share price worsen dramatically in 2001, and with it the ability to pay off its debts. The company's future was only secured thanks to a NOK 700 million bail out from major shareholders that September. Attempts to grow the company through merger and acquisitions were also frustrated—a planned merger with the aquaculture businesses of Domstein (then the biggest shareholder of Fjord) and state-controlled Cermaq was aborted in June 2002 after opposition from parties including ContiGroup and Seaboard, who controlled over 20% of shares between them. Nevertheless, Fjord stabilised its financial position through restructuring and cost-cutting measures.
Merger.
Moves toward consolidation in the aquaculture sector were sparked by the activity of shipping magnate John Fredriksen, Norway's richest man before abandoning his citizenship of the country in 2006. Fredriksen's first major move into the industry came in the second quarter of 2005, when Domstein's 24% stake in Fjord Seafood was sold to his investment vehicle Geveran Trading. Around the same time, Pan Fish announced that two companies indirectly controlled by Fredriksen had acquired a combined 48% of the company's outstanding shares. In October of that year, with salmon prices high, Fjord submitted an offer for a majority stake in Cermaq to the Norwegian Government, which was preparing it for a public listing. However, as with the first merger attempt in 2002, Fjord failed in its bid—this time the offer was rejected by the Government.
Fredriksen's efforts to effect change finally bore fruit in March 2006, as Geveran Trading succeeded in purchasing Marine Harvest from its joint owners for €881 million, before immediately turning ownership over to Pan Fish. Geveran also sold its stake in Fjord Seafood to Pan Fish simultaneously. With its remaining shares purchased by Pan Fish, Fjord Seafood de-listed from the Oslo Stock Exchange on 6 July 2006. With regulatory hurdles in the United Kingdom and France cleared, the Marine Harvest group was brought under the control of Pan Fish by the end of 2006. To allow the merger to go ahead, the sale of the former Pan Fish Scotland division was agreed with the regulatory authorities. After an initial deal to sell the unit to Norskott Havbruk, owners of rival company Scottish Sea Farms, was called off in July 2007, Pan Fish Scotland was spun off into a separate publicly traded entity, Lighthouse Caledonia, that November.
Geveran Trading held a 28% stake in the company upon completion of the merger, a shareholding which has since increased to almost 30% as of March 2009.
Change in identity.
With the creation of a much enlarged company complete, the Pan Fish management announced a complete change in its identity in December 2006. The firm's new brand was chosen to reflect each of its three main constituents: "Marine Harvest" was again revived as the new name for the company, and the Fjord Seafood slogan "excellence in seafood" and a reworked version of the Pan Fish motif were also included in the new logo. Atle Eide, CEO of Pan Fish from 2003, continued in his position, but resigned in September 2007 for personal reasons. Eide was replaced on an interim basis by Leif Frode Onarheim, before the CEO position was filled permanently by former GE Healthcare executive Åse Aulie Michelet in March 2008. Michelet was unexpectedly removed from her position in March 2010 and was replaced by former Lerøy Seafood CEO Alf-Helge Aarskog.
In recent years Marine Harvest has also purchased Morpol.
In November 2019, Mowi appointed Ivan Vindheim as its new CEO, replacing Aarskog.
In 2023, the company plans to cut 435 jobs, reducing headcount by 12% as part of a cost-cutting programme that began in 2018. It also plans to optimise its business by automating processes and renegotiating agreements with suppliers. These measures are forecast to save the company 25 million euros ($26.6 million), while insisting no jobs will be lost in the process.
Operations.
Mowi produces Atlantic salmon, halibut and white fish. The company has an integrated value chain, with the company making its own broodstock in freshwater, followed by growth and maturing in seawater, harvesting, manufacturing in processing plants and distribution. Production peaked in 2015 at 420,148 metric tonnes (gutted weight) of salmonids with figures for more recent years being slightly lower.
Brand names used are Delifish (smoked fish from Chile), Ducktrap (smoked, in the United States), Clare Island Organic Salmon (from Ireland), Donegal Silver Salmon (from Ireland), Kendall Brook (salmon), Kritsen (smoked, in France), La Couronne (smoked, in Belgium), Pieters (distribution), Sterling White Halibut (from Norway), Xalar (salmon oil from Norway).
Production locations.
Europe.
In Norway, in addition to the corporate headquarters in Bergen and sales offices, Marine Harvest operates about 100 seawater sites along the coast. These are supplemented with 28 freshwater sites, two broodstock plants (in Ørland Municipality and Askøy Municipality), two hatcheries (in Øygarden Municipality and in the town of Rørvik) and four processing plants in (Eggesbønes, Herøy, Ryfisk, and Ulvan).
In Scotland, Mowi operates 25 sea farms, plus three hatcheries (in Lochailort, Finfish and Inchmore), four freshwater loch sites, a harvest station in Mallaig and a processing plant in Fort William. Head office is in Rosyth and all produce is atlantic salmon. There is also a processing plant located in Rosyth.
In the Faroe Islands, Marine Harvest operates fresh water sites in Hellur, and seawater sites in Oyndarfjørður, Haldarsvík, Hósvík and Kollafjørður. Produce is Atlantic salmon.
In Ireland, Mowi operates one broodstock plant, two hatcheries, three fresh water sites, twelve seawater sites, three processing plants, all but four seawater sites in County Donegal, the latter being in County Mayo. Output is Atlantic salmon. Mowi also runs a salmon farm in Castletownbere and Inishfarnard.
America.
In Chile, Mowi operates 53 seawater and 22 fresh water sites, in addition to four processing plants (in Calbuco, Chiloé, Puerto Montt and Santiago). Regional head office is located in Puerto Montt, and output is salmon, trout, coho and salar.
In British Columbia, Canada, Mowi operates two processing plants, seven hatcheries and 37 seawater sites near five towns in British Columbia: Campbell River, Port McNeill, Port Hardy, Quatsino and Klemtu. Produce is atlantic salmon.
In Atlantic Canada, New Brunswick and Newfoundland, Mowi purchased one hatchery and two fishing licenses in New Brunswick and a processing plant along with seven fishing licenses in Newfoundland in February 2017.
Processing and sales.
In France, processing and distribution plants are located in Boulogne-sur-Mer, Challans, Lorient, Châteaugiron, Dunkerque, Poullaouen and Landivisiau. These support an extensive sales force throughout the country. In Belgium, processing and distribution plants are located in Bruges and Ostend. In the Netherlands, there is one processing plant in Lemmer. Additional European sales offices are located in Bologna, Italy, and Madrid, Spain.
In the United States, one processing plant is located in Maine, Another plant in Arlington (Texas) with a plant and sales offices in Miami. In Asia, sales offices are located in Singapore; Beijing, China; Tokyo, Japan; Taipei, Taiwan, and Busan, South Korea.
Criticisms.
Mowi has been criticised for destroying a large part of the weir Murray's Cauld on the Ettrick Water in Selkirk, Scotland, through what has been claimed to be inaction. The company sold its nearby fish farm to a local businessman for £1 in July 2008, who has since been permitted to commence repair work on the weir.
Mowi's operations have been severely affected in the south of Chile, where millions of fish have died by the disease infectious salmon anemia. The rapid propagation of the virus has motivated the enterprise to sell some of its facilities, firing more than a thousand employees, with the aim of moving its installations further south to the Aisén Region. Parasitic, viral and fungal infections are all disseminated when the fish are stressed and the centres are too close together, and a spokesman for Marine Harvest recognized that his company was using too many antibiotics in Chile and that fish pens were too close, contributing to the dissemination of the ISA virus. Norwegian scientist Are Nylund has suggested that Marine Harvest introduced the ISA virus to the region by importing infected eggs from Norway.
In January 2017 "Private Eye" reported that Mowi had been depositing large quantities of the insecticide azamethiphos into Scottish waters to control sea lice in salmon. The Global Alliance Against Industrial Aquaculture called for the drug to be banned, citing risks to other species. Mowi had been responsible for the majority of an estimated 400 kg of the insecticide placed into Scottish waters in 2016.
In April 2019 Irish minister for marine Michael Creed discontinued a fish farm licence held by Mowi in County Kerry for overstocking.
On February 18, 2020 Mowi Scotland assistant manager Clive Hendry was crushed between workboat "Beinn Na Caillich" and a large barge while attempting to cross between them. He was seriously injured; a colleague grabbed his oilskin and lifejacket but he slipped out of them into the water where he drowned. The Marine Accident Investigation Branch criticised Mowi's safety processes, and recommended they employ marine experts to advise their senior management, and implement a safety management system that complied with the International Safety Management Code.

</doc>
<doc id="7015509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015509" title="Annie R. Smith">
Annie R. Smith

Annie Rebekah Smith (March 16, 1828 – July 26, 1855) was an early American Seventh-day Adventist hymnist, and sister of the Adventist pioneer Uriah Smith.
She has three hymns in the current (6,8,&amp;9 below), and had 10 hymns in the previous Seventh-day Adventist Church Hymnal.
Biography.
Annie Rebekah Smith was the third child of four children and only daughter of Samuel and Rebekah (Spalding) Smith. She was born in West Wilton, New Hampshire, on Sunday March 16, 1828. At ten years of age, she accepted Jesus as her Saviour.
Millerite Adventist.
In 1844, she embraced the doctrine of the soon coming of Christ. At sixteen years of age, she experienced the Great Disappointment of October 22, 1844. Afterwards, she lost interest in the Adventist teachings and pursued her favorite occupations of studying and teaching.
Education in Boston.
Between 1844 and 1855 she taught in seven district schools. At the same time she furthered her own education in various schools including six terms at the Ladies' Female Seminary in Charlestown, Massachusetts, near Boston. At the Charlestown Seminary she trained to be a teacher in Oil Painting and French.
Annie meets Joseph Bates.
Sabbatarian Adventist pioneer Joseph Bates met with Annie's mother. He was going to Boston and encouraged her to get Annie to attend the meeting he was conducting there. She went to the meeting and met Bates. This sparked her interest in the sabbatarian Adventist movement.
Working for the Review and Herald.
Subsequent to having written and submitted a poem to the "Review and Herald", she was recognised by James White as a talented writer. Although her eyesight was not sufficient to work as a copy-editor, she accepted the position. Upon arriving in Saratoga Springs, New York, she was healed through "anointing and prayer"
During the three and a half years before her death, she contributed around 45 articles to the "Review and Herald" and to the "Youth's Instructor".
She also wrote how far from home
Annie and John.
John Nevins Andrews worked at the Review office during this time. A romance developed between them. Her romance with young Andrews failed to end in marriage, with Andrews instead choosing Angeline Stevens to be his wife. The failure of Andrews to follow through with the marriage prompted Ellen White to write that "Annie's disappointment cost her life."
Tuberculosis.
Annie contracted tuberculosis and returned home. She died from the disease on Thursday July 26, 1855, at her family's home in West Wilton, New Hampshire.
Hymns and poetry.
Some of the hymns she authored include:

</doc>
<doc id="7015513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015513" title="Constant speed unit">
Constant speed unit



</doc>
<doc id="7015523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015523" title="Koiné language">
Koiné language

In linguistics, a koine or koiné language or dialect (pronounced ; ) is a standard or common dialect that has arisen as a result of the contact, mixing, and often simplification of two or more mutually intelligible varieties of the same language.
As speakers already understood one another before the advent of the koiné, the process of koineization is not as drastic as pidginization and creolization. Unlike pidginization and creolization, there is often no prestige dialect target involved in koineization.
The normal influence between neighbouring dialects is not regarded as koineization. A koiné variety emerges as a new spoken variety in addition to the originating dialects. It does not change any existing dialect, which distinguishes koineization from the normal evolution of dialects.
While similar to zonal auxiliary languages, koiné languages arise naturally, rather than being constructed.
Background.
The term "koine", meaning "common" in Greek, was first used to refer to the form of Greek used as a lingua franca during the Hellenistic and Roman periods. It arose as a mixed vernacular among ordinary people in the Peiraieus, the seaport of Athens, which was inhabited by Greeks from different parts of the Mediterranean.
Koineization brings new dialect varieties about as a result of contact between speakers of mutually intelligible varieties of that language. Koineization is a particular case of dialect contact, and it typically occurs in new settlements, to which people have migrated from different parts of a single language area. Koineization typically takes two or three generations to complete, but it can be achievable within the first generation.
Language variation is systematic in that it can be related to social divisions within a community, such as class and gender. Change can be shown to originate with particular social groups based on those divisions. However, a number of linguists have recently argued that language change lies with the individual.
Types.
Linguist Paul Kerswill identifies two types of koinés, namely, regional and immigrant:
Koineization.
Kerswill also examined the Norwegian dialects that emerged in two towns around smelters built at the head of the Sørfjord branch of the Hardangerfjord in the mid-20th century. Both towns, Odda and Tyssedal, drew migrants from different parts of Norway. The workers in Odda came predominantly (86%) from western Norway. In Tyssedal, only about one third came from western Norway, another third came from eastern Norway and the other third from other parts of the country. The dialects that evolved in both towns were thus very different from each other.
Peter Trudgill sees three processes in operation during what Mesthrie calls the accommodation period: mixing, levelling and simplification. The processes of levelling and simplification are both dependent on a wide range of factors, including the relative prestige of the contributing dialects, socio-political contexts in which the new dialect develops, and individual networks of adults involved in the accommodation process. Additionally, both Trudgill and Mesthrie also comment on the process of reallocation in which features that have been retained from contributing dialects take on new meanings or functions within the new dialect.
Trudgill posits a multigenerational model of the development of a koine. During the first (immigrant) generation, the speakers of the contributing dialects mix, and there is some levelling. The first native-born generation of speakers continues the leveling process. However, in the instances that Trudgill was able to document (such as first-generation speakers of Tyssedal and Odda dialects of Norwegian), the speech of that generation still reflected considerable variability in use of marked forms, both between speakers and in the repertoire of individual speakers.
It is the third generation that focuses the variations and stabilizes the dialect. Trudgill admits cases in which the focusing takes place in the first generation of native-born speakers and also instances that might be only in the fourth or even later generations. The dialect in its emerging state, a state marked by the heterogeneity of forms, is called by Trudgill an "interdialect" and is often called an interlanguage in other dialect studies.

</doc>
<doc id="7015529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015529" title="SAO Semberija i Majevica">
SAO Semberija i Majevica



</doc>
<doc id="7015531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015531" title="Sangen han sang var min egen">
Sangen han sang var min egen



</doc>
<doc id="7015534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015534" title="Norwich &amp; Peterborough Building Society">
Norwich &amp; Peterborough Building Society



</doc>
<doc id="7015549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015549" title="John Condon (boxer)">
John Condon (boxer)

John Condon (28 February 1889 – 21 February 1919) was a British bantamweight professional boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He fought as Johnny Condon and died a week prior to his 30th birthday of influenza.
Condon won a silver medal in Boxing at the 1908 Summer Olympics
He won the 1909 Amateur Boxing Association British bantamweight title, when boxing out of the Lynn ABC.

</doc>
<doc id="7015554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015554" title="Red herrings">
Red herrings



</doc>
<doc id="7015556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015556" title="Eircom league">
Eircom league



</doc>
<doc id="7015558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015558" title="Postscripts">
Postscripts

Postscripts was a quarterly British magazine of science fiction, fantasy, horror, and crime fiction, first published in June 2004. It was published by PS Publishing and the editor-in-chief was Peter Crowther.
Each issue was published in two editions: a regular newsstand-type edition and a signed, numbered, 200-copy (150 copies until issue 14) hardcover edition.
From issue 18, the magazine was transformed briefly to a quarterly anthology, before becoming biannual, producing two double-sized issues a year starting with issue 20/21. The final issue was "The Dragons of the Night" #36/37, published in May 2016.
Awards.
"Postscripts" has won the 2006 and 2008 International Horror Guild awards for best periodical and the 2009 British Fantasy Award for Best Magazine.
Notable award-winning stories include Joe Hill's "Best New Horror", which won the British Fantasy Award for Best Short Fiction in 2006. "In the Porches of My Ears" by Norman Prentiss won the 2009 Bram Stoker Award for Superior Achievement in Short Fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="7015560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015560" title="English Education Act 1835">
English Education Act 1835

The English Education Act 1835 was a legislative act of the Council of India, which gave effect to a decision in 1835 by Lord William Bentinck, "the then" Governor-General of the British East India Company, to reallocate funds which were required to spend on education and literature in India. Previously, they had given limited support to traditional Muslim and Hindu education and the publication of literature in traditional languages of education in India back then including Sanskrit and Persian; henceforward they intended to support establishments teaching a Western curriculum with English as the language of instruction. Together with other measures promoting English as the language of administration and of the higher law courts (instead of Persian, as under the Mughal Empire), this led eventually to English becoming one of the languages of India, rather than simply the native tongue of its foreign rulers.
In discussions leading up to the Act Thomas Babington Macaulay produced his famous Memorandum on (Indian) Education which was scathing on the inferiority (as he saw it) of native (particularly Hindu) culture and learning. He argued that Western learning was superior, and currently could only be taught through the medium of English. There was therefore a need to produce—by English-language higher education—"a class of persons, Indian in blood and colour, but English in taste, in opinions, in morals and in intellect" who could in their turn develop the tools to transmit Western learning in the vernacular languages of India. Among Macaulay's recommendations were the immediate stopping of the printing by the East India Company of Arabic and Sanskrit books and that the company should not continue to support traditional education beyond "the Sanskrit College at Benares and the Mahometan College at Delhi" (which he considered adequate to maintain traditional learning).
The act itself, however, took a less negative attitude to traditional education and was soon succeeded by further measures based upon the provision of adequate funding for both approaches. Vernacular language education, however, continued to receive little funding, although it had not been much supported before 1835 in any case.
British support for Indian learning.
When the Parliament had renewed the charter of the East India Company for 20 years in 1813, it had required the company to apply 100,000 rupees per year "for the revival and promotion of literature and the encouragement of the learned natives of India, and for the introduction and promotion of a knowledge of the sciences among the inhabitants of the British territories." This had gone to support traditional forms (and content) of education, which (like their contemporary equivalents in England) were firmly non-utilitarian. In 1813, by the request of Colonel John Munro, "the then" British Resident of Travancore and Pulikkottil Dionysius II, a learned monk of the Orthodox Syrian Church, Gowri Parvati Bayi, the Queen of Travancore granted permission to start a Theological college in Kottayam, Travancore. The queen granted the tax free 16 acre property, 20,000, and the necessary timber for construction. The foundation stone was laid on 18 February 1813 and the construction completed by 1815. The structure of the Old Seminary Building is called "Naalukettu" translated into English as central-quadrangle. The early missionaries who worked here – Norton, Henry Baker, Benjamin Bailey and Fenn – rendered remarkable service. Initially called Cottayam College, the Seminary was not exclusively meant for priest training. It was a seat of English general education in the State of Travancore and is regarded as the "first locale to start English education" in Kerala and the first to have Englishmen as teachers in 1815 itself. In course of time it even came to be known as Syrian College. The students were taught English, Hebrew, Greek, Latin, Syriac and Sanskrit over and above Malayalam along with Theological subjects.
By the early 1820s, some administrators within the East India Company were questioning if this was a sensible use of the money. James Mill noted that the declared purpose of the Madrassa (Mohammedan College) and the Hindu College in Calcutta set up by the company had been "to make a favourable impression, by our encouragement of their literature, upon the minds of the natives" but took the view that the money of the company should have been to further not oriental learning but instead "useful learning". Indeed, private enterprise colleges had begun to spring up in Bengal teaching Western knowledge in English ("English education"), to serve a native clientele which felt it would be more important that their sons learnt to understand the English than that they were taught to appreciate classic poetry.
Broadly similar issues ('classical education' vs 'liberal education') had already arisen for education in England with existing grammar schools being unwilling (or legally unable) to give instruction in subjects other than Latin or Greek and were to end in an expansion of their curriculum to include modern subjects. In the Indian situation a complicating factor was that the 'classical education' reflected the attitudes and beliefs of the various traditions in the sub-continent, 'English education' clearly did not, and there was felt to be a danger of an adverse reaction among the existing learned classes of India to any withdrawal of support for them.
This led to divided counsels within the Committee of Public Instruction. Macaulay, who was Legal Member of the Council of India, and was to be President of the committee, refused to take up the post until the matter was resolved, and sought a clear directive from the Governor-General on the strategy to be adopted.
It should have been clear what answer Macaulay was seeking, given his past comments. In 1833 in the House of Commons Macaulay (then MP for Leeds), had spoken in favour of renewal of the company's charter, in terms which make his own views on the culture and society of the sub-continent adequately clear:
I see a government anxiously bent on the public good. Even in its errors I recognize a paternal feeling towards the great people committed to its charge. I see toleration strictly maintained. Yet I see bloody and degrading superstitions gradually losing their power. I see the morality, the philosophy, the taste of Europe, beginning to produce a salutary effect on the hearts and understandings of our subjects. I see the public mind of India, that public mind which we found debased and contracted by the worst forms of political and religious tyranny, expanding itself to just and noble views of the ends of government and of the social duties of man.
In the , he emphasized the moral imperative of educating Indians in English ways, not to keep them submissive but to give them the potential eventually to claim the same rights as the English:
What is that power worth which is founded on vice, on ignorance, and on misery—which we can hold only by violating the most sacred duties which as governors we owe to the governed—which as a people blessed with far more than an ordinary measure of political liberty and of intellectual light—we owe to a race debased by three thousand years of despotism and priest craft? We are free, we are civilized, to little purpose, if we grudge to any portion of the human race an equal measure of freedom and civilization.
Are we to keep the people of India ignorant in order that we may keep them submissive? Or do we think that we can give them knowledge without awakening ambition? Or do we mean to awaken ambition and to provide it with no legitimate vent? Who will answer any of these questions in the affirmative? Yet one of them must be answered in the affirmative, by every person who maintains that we ought permanently to exclude the natives from high office. I have no fears. The path of duty is plain before us: and it is also the path of wisdom, of national prosperity, of national honour.
The destinies of our Indian empire are covered with thick darkness. It is difficult to form any conjecture as to the fate reserved for a state which resembles no other in history, and which forms by itself a separate class of political phenomena. The laws which regulate its growth and its decay are still unknown to us. It may be that the public mind of India may expand under our system till it has outgrown that system; that by good government we may educate our subjects into a capacity for better government, that, having become instructed in European knowledge, they may, in some future age, demand European institutions. Whether such a day will ever come I know not. But never will I attempt to avert or to retard it. Whenever it comes, it will be the proudest day in English history. To have found a great people sunk in the lowest depths of slavery and superstition, to have so ruled them as to have made them desirous and capable of all the privileges of citizens would indeed be a title to glory all our own. The sceptre may pass away from us. Unforeseen accidents may derange our most profound schemes of policy. Victory may be inconstant to our arms. But there are triumphs which are followed by no reverses. There is an empire exempt from all natural causes of decay. Those triumphs are the pacific triumphs of reason over barbarism; that empire is the imperishable empire of our arts and our morals, our literature and our laws.
Macaulay's "Minute Upon Indian Education".
To remove all doubt, however, Macaulay produced and circulated a on the subject. Macaulay argued that support for the publication of books in Sanskrit and Arabic should be withdrawn, support for traditional education should be reduced to funding for the Madrassa at Delhi and the Hindu College at Benares, but students should no longer be paid to study at these establishments. The money released by these steps should instead go to fund education in Western subjects, with English as the language of instruction. He his argument
To sum up what I have said, I think it is clear that we are not fettered by the Act of Parliament of 1813; that we are not fettered by any pledge expressed or implied; that we are free to employ our funds as we choose; that we ought to employ them in teaching what is best worth knowing; that English is better worth knowing than Sanskrit or Arabic; that the natives are desirous to be taught English, and are not desirous to be taught Sanskrit or Arabic; that neither as the languages of law, nor as the languages of religion, have the Sanskrit and Arabic any peculiar claim to our engagement; that it is possible to make natives of this country thoroughly good English scholars, and that to this end our efforts ought to be directed.
With Macaulay’s Minute – notes that are recorded during a meeting, highlighting key issues that are discussed, motions proposed or voted on, and certain activities that may need to be acted upon – his efforts were not always perceived in the kindest of light. The proposed “Minute on Education” has had its importance questioned by hundreds of scholars throughout the years, especially Warren Hastings. From 1780 to 1835, the British government in India had followed the educational policy that was in place under Warren Hastings. He wanted to maintain the British East India Company’s stance that they had to do more than the pre-British Muslim governments had done to encourage classes of Muslim and Hindu society. However, Macaulay demotes this policy through his Minute, using it as a final, yet successful, attack upon the Hastings educational policy, speaking to how completing an education should not be rewarded with payment or how the educated should ‘expect any remunerative employment by which they might put their specialized learning to work’. The conflicting viewpoint gathered Macaulay's disdain in the public eye, even to the present day. 
Macaulay's of Arabic and Sanskrit literature to what was available in English is forceful, colourful, and nowadays often quoted against him.
I have conversed both here and at home with men distinguished by their proficiency in the Eastern tongues. I am quite ready to take the oriental learning at the valuation of the Orientalists themselves. I have never found one among them who could deny that a single shelf of a good European library was worth the whole native literature of India and Arabia.  [...] And I certainly never met with any Orientalist who ventured to maintain that the Arabic and Sanscrit poetry could be compared to that of the great European nations. But when we pass from works of imagination to works in which facts are recorded, and general principles investigated, the superiority of the Europeans becomes absolutely immeasurable. It is, I believe, no exaggeration to say, that all the historical information which has been collected from all the books written in the Sanscrit language is less valuable than what may be found in the most paltry abridgments used at preparatory schools in England. In every branch of physical or moral philosophy, the relative position of the two nations is nearly the same.
In 1937 and 1938, writers Edward Thompson and Percival Spear argued how Macaulay’s Minute was more “secondhand nonsense” and how the “decisive consideration was financial economy… it was cheaper to teach people to read in English than to subsidize translations in a variety of Indian languages….” With this came the idea of a divide in Indian society on how to approach this new way of thinking. The incorporation of English and Westernized education into traditional education in India was not perceived in the best light by most natives. With there being already a lack of formal education in India, the intrusiveness of incorporating Western concepts made many natives feel that receiving an ‘English education’ in India is entirely different than a ‘desire to learn English’. 
There had already been an implementation of English and Western society in India at the time, primarily focused on the East India Company, where speaking English was embedded into everyday use. These native ‘elite’ group of English speakers in India worked in offices, factories, and warehouses of the East India Company, with their numbers increasing rapidly, giving Macaulay more reason to impose the Minutes upon the natives. However, despite the increasing numbers of English speakers and learners in India, there came the ‘Downward Filtration Theory’, where many of the wealthy class – mainly those who studied and practiced English – failed to help improve the lives of those in the lower class. This was largely due to the amount of the lower class that tried to receive a better education, but there were only some ‘students who learned English were [able] to pay’. The more financial stability one had equated to how much of a Western education they received, with the elite and wealthy gaining most of the knowledge. Despite some doing better off in a game of winners and losers, most natives were detrimentally affected by the Minutes, with many being impacted by this drastic shift into ‘westernizing’ of ‘Indian’ cultures. 
He to the comparison later:
Whoever knows [English] has ready access to all the vast intellectual wealth, which all the wisest nations of the earth have created and hoarded in the course of ninety generations. It may be safely said, that the literature now extant in that language is of far greater value than all the literature which three hundred years ago was extant in all the languages of the world together.  [...] The question now before us is simply whether, when it is in our power to teach this language, we shall teach languages in which, by universal confession, there are no books on any subject which deserve to be compared to our own; whether, when we can teach European science, we shall teach systems which, by universal confession, whenever they differ from those of Europe, differ for the worse; and whether, when we can patronise sound Philosophy and true History, we shall countenance, at the public expense, medical doctrines, which would disgrace an English farrier,—Astronomy, which would move laughter in girls at an English boarding school,—History, abounding with kings thirty feet high, and reigns thirty thousand years long,—and Geography, made up of seas of treacle and seas of butter.
Mass education would be (in the fullness of time) by the the new policy should produce, and by the means of vernacular dialects:
[...] it is impossible for us, with our limited means, to attempt to educate the body of the people. We must at present do our best to form a class who may be interpreters between us and the millions whom we govern; a class of persons, Indian in blood and colour, but English in taste, in opinions, in morals, and in intellect. To that class we may leave it to refine the vernacular dialects of the country, to enrich those dialects with terms of science borrowed from the Western nomenclature, and to render them by degrees fit vehicles for conveying knowledge to the great mass of the population.
What came along with the ‘Westernization of Indian cultures’ was an abandonment of culture and religion. In a letter to his father, Zachary Macaulay detailed the ‘success’ of the Minute, and the impact it had on Indian culture and livelihood since its enactment. He details how “the effect of this education on the Hindoos is prodigious… no Hindoo who has received an English education ever continues to be sincerely attached to his religion….” The shift to Western education, although favored by a majority of the general committee, was not the results that India had expected. The abandonment of some of their religion, changing over to implementing was to fulfill ‘serving the colonial bureaucracy’. Relaying back to how only the elite could receive higher English education, this created the divide that resulted in the major religious and cultural shifts throughout India.
The Act.
Bentinck wrote that he was in full agreement with the sentiments expressed. However, students from Calcutta Madrassa raised a petition against its closure; this quickly got considerable support and the Madrassa and its Hindu equivalent were therefore retained. Otherwise the act endorsed and implemented the policy Macaulay had argued for.
The Governor-General of India in Council has attentively considered the two letters from the Secretary to the Committee of Public Instruction, dated the 21st and 22nd January last, and the papers referred to in them.
First, His Lordship in Council is of opinion that the great object of the British Government ought to be the promotion of European literature and science among the natives of India; and that all the funds appropriated for the purpose of education would be best employed on English education alone.
Second, But it is not the intention of His Lordship in Council to abolish any College or School of native learning, while the native population shall appear to be inclined to avail themselves of the advantages which it affords, and His Lordship in Council directs that all the existing professors and students at all the institutions under the superintendence of the Committee shall continue to receive their stipends. But his lordship in Council decidedly objects to the practice which has hitherto prevailed of supporting the students during the period of their education. He conceives that the only effect of such a system can be to give artificial encouragement to branches of learning which, in the natural course of things, would be superseded by more useful studies and he directs that no stipend shall be given to any student that may hereafter enter at any of these institutions; and that when any professor of Oriental learning shall vacate his situation, the Committee shall report to the Government the number and state of the class in order that the Government may be able to decide upon the expediency of appointing a successor.
Third, It has come to the knowledge of the Governor-General in Council that a large sum has been expended by the Committee on the printing of Oriental works; his Lordship in Council directs that no portion of the funds shall hereafter be so employed.
Fourth, His Lordship in Council directs that all the funds which these reforms will leave at the disposal of the Committee be henceforth employed in imparting to the native population a knowledge of English literature and science through the medium of the English language; and His lordship.
Opposition in London suppressed.
On the news of the act reaching England, a despatch giving the official response of the company's Court of Directors was drafted within India House (the company's London office). James Mill was a leading figure within the India House (as well as being a leading utilitarian philosopher). Although he was known to favour education in the vernacular languages of India, otherwise he might have been expected to be broadly in favour of the Act. However, he was by then a dying man, and the task of drafting the response fell to his son John Stuart Mill. The younger Mill was thought to hold similar views to his father, but his draft despatch turned out to be quite critical of the Act.
Mill argued that students seeking an 'English education' in order to prosper could simply acquire enough of the requisite practical accomplishments (facility in English etc.) to prosper without bothering to acquire the cultural attitudes; for example it did not follow that at the same time they would also free themselves from superstition. Even if they did the current learned classes of India commanded widespread respect in Indian culture, and that one of the reasons they did so was the lack of practical uses for their learning; they were pursuing learning as an end in itself, rather than as a means to advancement. The same could not reliably said of those seeking an 'English education', and therefore it was doubtful how they would be regarded by Indian society and therefore how far they would be able to influence it for the better. It would have been a better policy to continue to conciliate the existing learned classes, and to attempt to introduce European knowledge and disciplines into their studies and thus make them the desired interpreter class. This analysis was acceptable to East India Company's Court of Directors but unacceptable to their political masters (because it effectively endorsed the previous policy of 'engraftment') and John Cam Hobhouse insisted on the despatch being redrafted to be a mere holding statement noting the Act but venturing no opinion upon it.
Aftermath.
Reversion to favouring traditional colleges.
By 1839 Lord Auckland had succeeded Bentinck as Governor-General, and Macaulay had returned to England. Auckland contrived to find sufficient funds to support the English Colleges set up by Bentinck's Act without continuing to run down the traditional Oriental colleges. He wrote a Minute (of 24 November 1839) giving effect to this; both Oriental and English colleges were to be adequately funded. The East India Company directors responded with a despatch in 1841 endorsing the twin-track approach and suggesting a third:
We forbear at present from expressing an opinion regarding the most efficient mode of communicating and disseminating European Knowledge. Experience does not yet warrant the adoption of any exclusive system. We wish a fair trial to be given to the experiment of engrafting European Knowledge on the studies of the existing learned Classes, encouraged as it will be by giving to the Seminaries in which those studies are prosecuted, the aid of able and efficient European Superintendence. At the same time we authorise you to give all suitable encouragement to translators of European works into the vernacular languages and also to provide for the compilation of a proper series of Vernacular Class books according to the plan which Lord Auckland has proposed.
The East India Company also resumed subsidising the publication of Sanscrit and Arabic works, but now by a grant to the Asiatic Society rather than by undertaking publication under their own auspices.
Mill's later views.
In 1861, Mill in the last chapter ('On the Government of Dependencies') of his 'Considerations on Representative Government' restated the doctrine Macaulay had advanced a quarter of a century earlier – the moral imperative to improve subject peoples, which justified reforms by the rulers of which the ruled were as yet unaware of the need for,
"There are ... [conditions of society] in which, there being no spring of spontaneous improvement in the people themselves, their almost only hope of making any steps in advance [to 'a higher civilisation'] depends on the chances of a good despot. Under a native despotism, a good despot is a rare and transitory accident: but when the dominion they are under is that of a more civilised people, that people ought to be able to supply it constantly. The ruling country ought to be able to do for its subjects all that could be done by a succession of absolute monarchs guaranteed by irresistible force against the precariousness of tenure attendant on barbarous despotisms, and qualified by their genius to anticipate all that experience has taught to the more advanced nation. Such is the ideal rule of a free people over a barbarous or semi-barbarous one. We need not expect to see that ideal realised; but unless some approach to it is, the rulers are guilty of a dereliction of the highest moral trust which can devolve upon a nation: and if they do not even aim at it, they are selfish usurpers, on a par in criminality with any of those whose ambition and rapacity have sported from age to age with the destiny of masses of mankind"
but Mill went on to warn of the difficulties this posed in practice; difficulties which whatever the merits of the Act of 1835 do not seem to have suggested themselves to Macaulay:
It is always under great difficulties, and very imperfectly, that a country can be governed by foreigners; even when there is no disparity, in habits and ideas, between the rulers and the ruled. Foreigners do not feel with the people. They cannot judge, by the light in which a thing appears to their own minds, or the manner in which it affects their feelings, how it will affect the feelings or appear to the minds of the subject population. What a native of the country, of average practical ability, knows as it were by instinct, they have to learn slowly, and after all imperfectly, by study and experience. The laws, the customs, the social relations, for which they have to legislate, instead of being familiar to them from childhood, are all strange to them. For most of their detailed knowledge they must depend on the information of natives; and it is difficult for them to know whom to trust. They are feared, suspected, probably disliked by the population; seldom sought by them except for interested purposes; and they are prone to think the servilely submissive are the trustworthy. Their danger is of despising the natives; that of the natives is of disbelieving that anything the strangers do can be intended for their good.

</doc>
<doc id="7015562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015562" title="Aylesford School">
Aylesford School

Aylesford School and Sixth Form College is a coeducational all-through school and sixth form located in Warwick, England. It was constructed on part of the land that made up RAF Warwick which closed in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="7015571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015571" title="FEAS">
FEAS



</doc>
<doc id="7015572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015572" title="William Webb (boxer)">
William Webb (boxer)

William "Wally" Webb (4 July 1882 – 1949) was a British bantamweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He won a bronze medal in boxing at the 1908 Summer Olympics losing against John Condon in the semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="7015578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015578" title="Lea Bridge Road">
Lea Bridge Road

Lea Bridge Road is a major through route in east London, across the Lea Valley from Clapton to Whipps Cross in Leyton. It forms part of the A104 road.
Places served on the road are the Lea Valley Park, Lea Bridge railway station and the Baker's Arms area. Formerly the Lea Bridge Stadium was located along Lea Bridge Road, and served as a home for Leyton Orient and later a speedway team. Almost opposite the stadium, Emmanuel Parish Church, built in 1935, is a Grade II listed building.
History.
The road takes its name from Lea Bridge, which crosses the River Lea at Leyton Marshes. A bridge over the river at this point was built to replace a ferry, either in 1745 or sometime after 1757. The second road bridge opened circa 1890 and the present third Lea Bridge Road Bridge was opened Mon 21 August 1995. The name Lea Bridge Road was adopted for an existing lane previously called Mill Field Lane.
Route.
It runs from Clapton north along the western edge of Hackney Marshes thereby forming the border between Hackney and Waltham Forest, until it reaches the junction of Orient Way and Argall Avenue at the eastern edge of Leyton. Entering the London Borough of Waltham Forest, it then runs 0.6 miles through the neighbourhood of Leyton.
From the junction with Bakers Arms it runs to the Whipps Cross roundabout where it forms the boundary between Leytonstone and Walthamstow.
Transport.
Bus routes passing along Lea Bridge Road are 20, 55, 56, 230, 257, 308, 357, N38, N55, W15, W16 and W19.
London Cycle Network Route 9 utilises Lea Bridge Road; it connects Epping, Chingford and Walthamstow with Hackney and the City of London.
Lea Bridge railway station, on the north side of Lea Bridge Road near the junction with Argall Way/Orient Way, actually opened on Sunday 15 May 2016, but officially on Monday 16 May 2016. The first rail station at Lea Bridge Road opened on 15 Sept 1840, though it was renamed Lea Bridge during 1841, but it was closed on 8 July 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="7015581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015581" title="List of Tool concert tours">
List of Tool concert tours

Grammy Award winning American rock band Tool has toured worldwide extensively.
Tool has performed songs by other artists occasionally in their live sets, including "Spasm" and "You Lied" by Peach, "Stranglehold" by Ted Nugent, "Demon Cleaner" by Kyuss, "No Quarter" by Led Zeppelin, and "Commando" by The Ramones.
The song "Ticks &amp; Leeches" is only rarely performed live due to the immense strain on Keenan's voice. However, they have performed it at least a few times during their 2001 (Irvine, California) and 2002 tours including appearances in Sacramento, California, Tacoma, Washington, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, Katowice (Poland), London (England), and Berlin (Germany), with Keenan using heavy vocal effects and distortion. Tool added 'Ticks &amp; Leeches' back to the set list for the 2012 North American Winter Tour.
Tour history.
In 1991, Tool played a number of small clubs in the Los Angeles area and were signed to a major label. The two live tracks of the "Opiate" EP were recorded during a December 31, 1991, performance. Tool Embarked on a U.S. club tour in 1992, playing only one Canadian and one Mexican date. The band often played on a small stage, with minimal or no lighting, sometimes to only a handful of people. The set list would change from night to night, but would usually include most (if not all) of "Opiate" and a handful of then unreleased songs from "Undertow". Some were performed with working lyrics such as "Undertow" and "Bottom".
Tool toured extensively in 1993. The band found themselves on many European festivals as well as the U.S. Lollapalooza festival. They were drawing such a crowd playing the second stage at Lollapalooza, that they were moved up to the main stage, midway through the tour. The band debuted the songs "Intolerance", "Prison Sex" and "Flood" on January 26, 1993. The set list would vary from night to night, depending on the time slot Tool was allotted, but "Sober" and "Prison Sex" were always played.
Tool Toured Europe and the U.S. again in 1994. The band debuted their cover of Led Zeppelin's "No Quarter" as well as the songs "Disgustipated", "Pushit" and "Stinkfist". "No Quarter" often transitioned into "Disgustipated", and "Opiate" would be played back-to-back with "Flood", transitioning smoothly between songs and skipping the lengthy intro to "Flood". During this time, Tool's stage show began to grow and better reflect the band. During a show in London at Shepards Bush, the band had a man dressed as Jesus join them on stage. At the same show, future Tool member (then member of opening band Peach) Justin Chancellor joined the band for the song "Sober". Around the same time, tensions began between Keenan and D'Amour. As in previous years, the set list would change from night-to-night for most of 1994.
Tool only played a small number of shows during 1995, but it was a very important year for the band. Debuting the songs "Eulogy", "H" and "Ænema", all in early forms with working lyrics. Tensions were very high between Keenan and D'Amour during this time, and April 14, 1995, would be D'Amour's last live show with the band.
In 1996, Tool began their extensive touring for "Ænima" in Pomona, California, where they debuted "Forty-Six &amp; 2", "Hooker with a Penis", "Jimmy" and "Third Eye". This was also Chancellor's first show with the band. "Die Eier von Satan" was played once on December 19, 1996. They also played South Park's 'Spirit of Christmas' animated Christmas card during the show. During this year, Tool started extending "Prison Sex" by adding an extra verse—known by fans as "Prison Sex OTRM" ("on the road mix" or "over the rainbow mix")—and the intro to "Sober", which later appeared on "Salival" as the track "Merkaba". Tool's stage show grew with the addition of two giant projection screens. Keenan would paint himself blue and white for his performances, and Chancellor would also sometimes be painted with spots. Although the band was changing the set list up quite a bit at the beginning of the tour, they fell into a 'comfortable' set list during November which was played for the rest of the year with one or two wild card songs. A typical 1996 set list would look like this:
Guest musicians.
These musicians have joined Tool on stage.

</doc>
<doc id="7015583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015583" title="Holy Trinity Church, Marylebone">
Holy Trinity Church, Marylebone

Holy Trinity Church, in Marylebone, Westminster, is a Grade I listed former Anglican church, built in 1828 and designed by John Soane. In 1818 Parliament passed an act setting aside one million pounds to celebrate the defeat of Napoleon. This is one of the so-called "Waterloo churches" that were built with the money. The building has an entrance off-set with four large Ionic columns. There is a lantern steeple, similar to St Pancras New Church, which is also on Euston Road to the east.
George Saxby Penfold was appointed as the first Rector, having previously taken on much the same task as the first Rector of Christ Church, Marylebone.
The first burial took place in the vault of the church in 1829, and the last was that of Sir Wathen Waller in 1853. It has an external pulpit facing onto Marylebone Road, erected in memory of the Revd. William Cadman MA (1815-1891), who was rector of the parish from 1859 - 1891, renowned for his sonorous voice and preaching.
By the 1930s, the use of the church had declined, and from 1936 it was used as a book warehouse by the newly founded Penguin Books. A children's slide was used to deliver books from the street into the large crypt. In 1937 Penguin moved out to Harmondsworth, and the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge (SPCK), an Anglican missionary organisation, moved in. It was their headquarters until 2006, when they relocated to Tufton Street, Westminster (they have since moved again to Pimlico). In 2018 the church became the location of the world's first wedding department store, The Wedding Gallery, based on the ground floor and basement level. The first floor is used as an events space operated by One Events and known as "One Marylebone".
The former church stands on a traffic island by itself, bounded by Marylebone Road at the front, and Albany Street and Osnaburgh Street on either side; the street at the rear north side is Osnaburgh Terrace.

</doc>
<doc id="7015584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015584" title="Clan Montgomery">
Clan Montgomery

Clan Montgomery (also Montgomerie) is a Scottish clan of the Scottish Lowlands.
History.
Origins of the Clan.
The Montgomeries emigrated from Wales to Scotland in the 12th century with the FitzAlans. The Cambro-Norman family derives its surname from lands in Wales, likely from the Honour of Montgomery which was located near the Shropshire lands of the FitzAlans. It is disputed, but there is evidence of a direct connection between Clan Montgomery and the family of the Counts de Montgomerie, Earls of Shrewsbury, of Anglo-Norman origin who derived their surname from lands in Calvados, Normandy. The surname was shortened to de Montgomerie after 1015 before becoming de Montgomerie of Eaglesham shortly after 1120.
The earliest member of the clan in Scotland was Robert of Montgomery, and the earliest possessions of the clan (in Scotland) was Eaglesham, in Renfrewshire. Members of the clan are recorded in the late 13th century Ragman Rolls, but it is not until the 14th century when the family rose in prominence, through a dynastic marriage with the Eglinton family. Through this marriage the clan acquired the Eglinton estates; the clan also acquired the lands of the Ardrossan family (which was possibly a branch of the Barclay family).
Wars of Scottish Independence.
In 1296 John de Montgomery and his brother are recorded on the Ragman Rolls rendering homage to Edward I of England. A later Sir John Montgomery was one of the heroes at the Battle of Otterburn in 1388 where the English were defeated. He captured Henry (Hotspur) Percy and the Percy family paid a great ransom for his release. The money enabled Montgomery to build the Polnoon Castle.
15th &amp; 16th century Clan Conflicts.
In 1488 Hugh Montgomery, the third Lord Montgomery was on the victors side at the Battle of Sauchieburn, and Alexander Cunningham, 1st Earl of Glencairn slain with the defeated James III. Montgomery was rewarded with the grant for life of the Isle of Arran as well as ballie of Bute and Cunningham. However Cunningham was claimed by the Cunninghams of Glencairn (chiefs of Clan Cunningham), and feud arose between the two clans in which the Cunninghams burnt down Montgomery's Eglinton Castle. Cunningham's Kerelaw Castle was also burned down.
During the 16th century the long-running feud continued. Edward Cunningham of Auchenharvie was slain in 1526 and Archibald Cunningham of Waterstoun in 1528; the Montgomery's Eglinton Castle was burned down by the Cunninghams in the same year. In April 1586, Hugh Montgomery, 4th Earl of Eglinton, aged twenty-four, was travelling to Stirling to join the Court having been commanded to attend by the King, accompanied only by a few domestic servants. He stopped at Lainshaw Castle to dine with his close relative, a Montgomery, the Lord of Lainshaw, whose Lady was a Margaret Cunningham of Aiket Castle, with sisters married to John Cunningham of Corsehill and David Cunninghame of Robertland. It seems that a plot to kill the Earl had been organised and the Lady, or some say a servant girl who was also a Cunningham, climbed to the battlements after the meal to hang out a white table napkin and thereby sprung the trap. Thirty Cunninghames attacked the Earl as he crossed Annick Ford and cut his servants to pieces; the Earl himself was dispatched with a single shot from the pistol of John Cunningham of Clonbeith Castle. His horse carried his dead body along the side of the river, still known as the 'Weeping', 'Mourning' or 'Widows' path. Upon discovering the murder, the Montgomerys killed every Cunningham that they found. A wave of bloody revenge swept over Cunninghame and elsewhere. Cunningham relatives, friends and supporters were killed without mercy. Aiket was killed near his home; Robertland and Corsehill escaped to Denmark. Clonbeith was traced to a house in Hamilton, possibly Hamilton Palace and hacked to pieces by Robert Montgomery and John Pollock. Robert also killed the Earl of Glencairn's brother the Commendator of Kilwinning Abbey, Alexander of Montgreenan, thought to have instigated Hugh's murder. He rode to Montgreenan and shot the Commendator at his own gate.
The government of King James VI of Scotland eventually managed to make the chiefs of the two clans shake hands. In 1661 Lord High Chancellor William Cunningham, 9th Earl of Glencairn, married Margaret Montgomery, daughter of Alexander, 6th Earl of Eglinton, drawing a line under the feud.
The 2nd Earl of Eglinton led the Clan Montgomery in support of Mary, Queen of Scots, at the Battle of Langside in 1568, where the Queen was defeated. The Earl was declared guilty of treason and imprisoned in Doune Castle but was later released upon accepting James VI.
In 1600 the Clan MacAlister attacked the Clan Montgomery. They seized everything belonging to the Chief John Montgomery of Skelmorlie including £12,000 worth of possessions. Two years later, chief Archibald MacAlister along with Angus Og MacDonald carried out a similar attack on the inhabitants of the Isle of Bute against the Clan Stuart. A year afterwards Archibald MacAlister and Angus Og MacDonald were accused of being rebels, charged with treason and hanged in Edinburgh Tollbooth.
17th century &amp; Civil War.
When the second Earl of Eglintoun, chief of Clan Montgomery was released after the battle of Langside he had tried to secure the safety and toleration of Catholics in the wake of the Reformation. Ironically his daughter Lady Margaret married Robert Seton of the Clan Seton, the 1st Earl of Winton who was a loyal Covenanter during the Civil War and did not accept the religious policies of Charles I of England. He did however accept Charles II of England and was made a colonel of the King's Lifeguard of Cavalry. He was later captured at Dumbarton and was not released unto after the restoration in 1660. 
Their son, Alexander Seton took his mother's maiden name of Montgomery and became the 6th Earl of Eglintoun. He was a Protestant supporter of King Charles II. He was imprisoned by General Monck for his Royalist sympathies in 1659.
In 1628 another branch of the Scottish Montgomeries settled in the north of County Donegal in Ulster, Ireland and 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein came from this line.
In the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries many Montgomeries served abroad in Continental armies, including those of Sweden, France, Kingdom of Denmark, Russia and Brandenburg-Prussian Army as mercenaries.
18th century &amp; Jacobite Uprisings.
During the Jacobite Uprisings the Clan Montgomery supported the British government. The clan chief and 9th Earl of Eglinton was on the Privy Council of King William and Queen Anne of the United Kingdom. In 1715 during the first rebellion the chief of Clan Montgomery, 9th Earl was involved in training soldiers for the government.
Seven Years' War.
In 1757 Archibald Montgomerie, 11th Earl and chief of Clan Montgomery raised the British 77th Regiment of Foot from members of the Montgomery clan, along with other clans. This regiment, under General Forbes, built Fort Pitt which eventually developed into Pittsburgh.
American Revolutionary War.
During the American Revolutionary War, General Richard Montgomery fought for the Continental Army, leading part of the Invasion of Quebec. Montgomery's expedition captured Montreal in November. After this, Montgomery joined Benedict Arnold's forces before Quebec City. The combined force assaulted the city on 31 December. The battle was a disastrous defeat for the Continental Army and Montgomery was killed. Many of the places named "Montgomery" in the USA (see Montgomery) are named after Richard Montgomery.
World War II.
Perhaps the most famous of all the Montgomerys was Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery, 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein, who was a senior British Army officer during the Second World War.
Bernard Montgomery, nicknamed "Monty", was born into an Ulster Scots 'Ascendancy' family from Inishowen, from a line of Scottish Montgomerys who settled in Ulster in the north of Ireland in 1628.
During the Western Desert campaign of the Second World War, Montgomery commanded the British Eighth Army from August 1942, through the Second Battle of El Alamein and on to the final Allied victory in Tunisia in May 1943.
He subsequently commanded the British Eighth Army during the Allied invasion of Sicily and the Allied invasion of Italy and was in command of all Allied ground forces during the Battle of Normandy (Operation Overlord), from D-Day on 6 June 1944 until 1 September 1944. He then continued in command of the 21st Army Group for the rest of the , including Operation Market Garden, the Battle of the Bulge, and Operation Plunder.
By the end of the war, troops under Montgomery's command had taken part in the encirclement of the Ruhr Pocket, liberated the Netherlands, and captured much of north-west Germany. On 4 May 1945, Montgomery accepted the German surrender at Lüneburg Heath.

</doc>
<doc id="7015589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015589" title="RC Willey Home Furnishings">
RC Willey Home Furnishings

RC Willey Home Furnishings (RC Willey) is an American home furnishings company in Utah, Idaho, Nevada and California. It was founded in 1932 by Rufus Call Willey in Syracuse, Utah, RC. He began selling Hotpoint-brand appliances door-to-door out of the back of his pickup truck. RC Willey has 13 locations across the Western United States and specializes in furniture, electronics, home appliances, mattresses, and flooring. In 1995, the holding company Berkshire Hathaway bought RC Willey in a deal with Warren Buffett.
History.
"RC Willey" was founded in 1932 in Syracuse, Utah, then a farming community.
In 1932 Rufus Call Willey began selling Hotpoint Brand appliances door-to-door in Syracuse, Utah. Employed by the local electric company, he first started selling appliances from the back of his pick-up truck on the side as he made his rounds. To guarantee customer satisfaction, Willey would lend out appliances for a week so that people could try them out. He also let them finance the purchases in installments over a three-year period, payable at harvest time. In 1950 he built his first store next door to his home in Syracuse.
In 1954, Willey left the company due to terminal cancer. William H. Child, who had married Willey's daughter Darlene three years earlier, took over the business. William Child is credited with adding furniture to the company's appliance offerings. 
Berkshire Hathaway, Inc., the holding company led by billionaire investor Warren Buffett, acquired RC Willey on May 24, 1995.
In 1998, RC Willey's South Salt Lake location became the site of a "Whaling Wall" mural by the famous marine artist Wyland.
Chief financial officer Scott L. Hymas, who had been with the company since 1987, succeeded Bill Child as CEO in February 2001. Child remained chairman. At the same time, Bill Child's nephew, Jeffrey S. Child, became the company's president.

</doc>
<doc id="7015591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015591" title="Norwich &amp; Peterborough">
Norwich &amp; Peterborough



</doc>
<doc id="7015597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015597" title="Tryout">
Tryout

Tryout was an amateur press journal published from 1914 to 1946 by Charles W. Smith of Haverhill, Massachusetts. It was connected to the National Amateur Press Association.
Smith (1852–1948) was a friend and correspondent of H. P. Lovecraft; "Tryout" was the first outlet for the H. P. Lovecraft short stories "The Cats of Ulthar" (November 1920), "The Terrible Old Man" (July 1921), "The Tree" (October 1921), and "In the Vault" (November 1925). Smith provided the plot idea for "In the Vault". Several later stories include details used from his visits to Haverhill to meet with Smith. Most notable of these is "The Shadow Out of Time", in which the protagonist is from Golden Hill in Haverhill (Smith's neighborhood) and is named Nathaniel Peaslee, a name on a headstone that Lovecraft noted in nearby Pentucket Cemetery.
"Tryout" also published non-fiction articles and numerous poems by Lovecraft. The publication was noted for its typographical errors, which Lovecraft referred to as "tryoutisms".

</doc>
<doc id="7015598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015598" title="Let Me Go">
Let Me Go

Let Me Go may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7015599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015599" title="Autoblinda 40">
Autoblinda 40



</doc>
<doc id="7015600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015600" title="Charles Morris (boxer)">
Charles Morris (boxer)

Charles William Morris (23 August 1879 – 9 April 1959) was a British featherweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He won a silver medal in Boxing at the 1908 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="7015602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015602" title="The One Account">
The One Account



</doc>
<doc id="7015607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015607" title="Zitsprobe">
Zitsprobe



</doc>
<doc id="7015612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015612" title="Frederick Spiller">
Frederick Spiller

M. Frederick "Fred" Spiller (22 November 1884 – 14 September 1953) was a British lightweight boxer who competed in the early 20th century.
He won a silver medal in boxing at the 1908 Summer Olympics after losing the final of the lightweight competition against Frederick Grace. He continued boxing until his death on 14 September 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="7015614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015614" title="Aubrey Suwito">
Aubrey Suwito

Aubrey Suwito is a Malaysian pianist, keyboardist, songwriter, arranger and producer. Aubrey Suwito started his musical journey at the age of 6 and has since written songs for various artists, most notably "Gemilang" for Jaclyn Victor which won multiple awards including the Asian Music Festival and Anugerah Juara Lagu. He was the musical director on "Malaysian Idol". Aubrey also worked as musical director for the hit reality television talent search competition "One in a Million". He is also the older brother of singer/songwriter Juwita Suwito. And he is a composer of Akademi Fantasia and Akademi Fantasi Indosiar theme song, namely Menuju Puncak.
Early life.
Suwito was born in Malacca to a Chinese Indonesian father who served as a Methodist pastor and a Singaporean mother. Aubrey himself started playing the piano at the age of 6. Aubrey's sister, Juwita Suwito, is also a vocal singer with a few albums under her belt. Upon completion of his A.B.R.S.M. Grade 8 Exam, he enrolled in the Berklee College of Music in Boston, United States in Fall 1991. After being exposed to the various kind of music styles while in Berklee, Aubrey took a fascination towards Jazz towards the end of the year 1991.
While he was pursuing his business studies in an A-Level course in Methodist College Kuala Lumpur (MCKL), he was 'offered' an opportunity to work with a professional recording studio. He eventually got a job there and his career took off from then on. Aubrey has steadily worked towards perfecting his craft amidst his busy schedule.
Aubrey has had his share of taking on the more commercially viable paths in music and has had a hand in some arrangements for albums in Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore and Malaysia. He is now co-director for Cranky Music Sdn Bhd.
Jazz has been a passion for Aubrey since 1992. As the keyboardist for a jazz outfit 'Face First', Aubrey has performed with the likes of vocalist Phil Perry and saxophone player Eric Marienthal during their performances in Kuala Lumpur.
Personal life.
He is of Indonesian and Singaporean descent.
Published works.
One Busy Street.
Aubrey Suwito's debut album Malacca Sun was recently repackaged as One Busy Street. Malacca Sun was originally released in 2000 but as the original recording house closed down, the album is now a rare find.
One Busy Street features the likes of Gary Gideon, Shawn Kelly and Zahid Ahmad on drums, Andy Peterson and David Yee on Bass, Greg Lyons on the Saxophone, Hillary Ang and Fauzi Marzuki on the Guitar, Steve Thornton on Percussions, Mohar on the Malay Flute and Aubrey Suwito on the Piano.
Christmas With Friends.
Aubrey Suwito and his wife came up with an idea to get fellow musicians to help other musicians in their time of need by organising a fundraiser concert in 2010. As the people whom he worked with throughout the project were mostly his friends, he decided to name the album 'Christmas With Friends'.
The musicians who worked with him on the Christmas album were Nan Alias (guitar), Mohd Rafi (guitar), Andy Peterson (bass), Steve Thornton (percussion), John Thomas (drums), Eddie Wen (trumpet), Kevin Choo (saxophone) and Chow Ming (trombone). The recording also includes the musical vocal talents of Jaclyn Victor, Juwita Suwito and Russell Curtis.
There were no sponsors for the concert but Aubrey did receive support from Dream Centre for the venue of the concert and personnel, and 8TV, for staging and lighting. 'Christmas With Friends' was recorded live at Dream Centre in August 2010 and a CD was released on 20 Nov the same year.
Although it was a free concert, a freewill collection was taken at the end of the concert and to-date a total of RM39,000 has been disbursed to nine musicians who needed medical help.
Home.
Home is Aubrey's latest Malaysian-ize Jazz album which was released in Malaysia in November 2011 was recorded in just 3 weeks. The music of Home is a mix of Malaysian rhythms, pop-funk and jazz lines. It features Aubrey (as the arranger, composer and keyboardist), Jaclyn Victor (vocals), John Thomas (drums), Andy Peterson (bass), Aji (guitar), Saturnine's Nan (guitar), Fly Halizor (bass), Eddie Wen (trumpet), Kevin Choo (saxophone), Roger Chee (trombone), Mohram's Mohar (bamboo flute), and Steve Thornton (percussion).
Home was recorded and engineered by Sunil Kumar in Cranky Studio and mastered in Sterling Sound, New York.
According to Aubrey:
“In a country where ‘local’ and ‘foreign’ music have two distinct connotations, Home blurs the lines and redefines music as the universal language it has always set out to be"
“I believe my 'sound' is modern jazz with a twist of Malaysia. For example, on Kampong Boy, the melody is Malaysian-ish but the chords are based on the blues"

</doc>
<doc id="7015616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015616" title="Alfred Shaughnessy">
Alfred Shaughnessy

Alfred James Shaughnessy (19 May 1916 – 2 November 2005) was an English scriptwriter, film director and producer best known for being the script editor of "Upstairs, Downstairs".
Early life.
Alfred Shaughnessy was born in London, his father, the Hon Alfred Thomas Shaughnessy, having died while serving with the Canadian army in France two months before. His grandfather Thomas Shaughnessy was an American-born Canadian railway administrator, who was created Baron Shaughnessy in 1916, and his mother was a second cousin of James K. Polk, the 11th US President. He spent his early years living in Tennessee, and in 1920 his mother, Sarah Polk Bradford, married The Hon Sir Piers Legh who then became Equerry to the Prince of Wales, and the family moved to Norfolk Square in London. The family had a butler, cook, footman, two housemaids, a kitchen maid and a lady's maid. The Prince of Wales later visited the house for dinner, and he drew on this when writing the "Upstairs, Downstairs" episode "Guest of Honour". He also often spent weekends and holidays at Lyme Park, his stepfather's ancestral home. Sir Piers Legh later became Master of the Household.
Shaughnessy was educated at Summer Fields then Eton, and then went to the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, with the intention of joining the Grenadier Guards. However, in 1935 he resigned on grounds of conscience, once stating he didn't wish to have a career dedicated "to learning to kill men". He then had an unsuccessful time at the London Stock Exchange, and had a hectic social life, with debutante balls, shooting parties and country weekends.
Career.
In the late 1930s Shaughnessy began to write lyrics and sketches, but at the outbreak of war in 1939 he returned to the Army, and on D-Day landed with the Guards Armoured Division on Gold Beach.
After the war ended, he got a job at Ealing Studios, and he soon began his career as a successful writer, producer and director. In 1956, he directed the film "Suspended Alibi" and continued to direct and produce during the 1950s and 1960s. In the 1970s, he began to concentrate on script writing. His first major success was "Upstairs, Downstairs". He wrote fifteen episodes and was the script editor for 66 episodes, and was meticulous in researching facts about the era.
He later wrote episodes for "The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes", "The Cedar Tree", "The Irish R.M.", "All Creatures Great and Small", "The Saint", "Journey to the Unknown" and "Alleyn Mysteries". Shaughnessy wrote two novels, "Dearest Enemy" and "Hugo".
Personal life.
Shaughnessy married the actress Jean Lodge in 1948, and they had two sons, Charles, who is an actor best known for his roles as Shane Donovan on the American television soap opera "Days of Our Lives" and as Maxwell Sheffield on the American television series "The Nanny", and David, an actor and producer. He wrote his autobiography, "Both Ends of the Candle", in 1975, and followed this with "A Confession in Writing" in 1997. He also wrote his mother's memoirs. He died in 2005 aged 89, in Plymouth, Devon, shortly after having recorded an interview with Simon Williams about "Upstairs, Downstairs".
Pete Walker, director of two films written by Shaughnessy, described him as "an Eton-educated pillar of the establishment - the Queen's first boyfriend, actually".

</doc>
<doc id="7015617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015617" title="James Lavino">
James Lavino

James Dixon Lavino (born March 7, 1973) is an American composer and songwriter, known especially for his choral music and his music for film and television.
Life and career.
Before 2002.
Lavino was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He attended the Haverford School and sang in the choir of St. Peter's Episcopal Church in Society Hill.
Lavino earned a BA in English at Boston University and an MA in English at Yale University. From 1999-2001 he was an Associate Editor at "The Paris Review". When he was 26 he began studying composition at The Juilliard School, where he was a student of Behzad Ranjbaran. His first work as a composer was writing songs for the Disney animated show "The Book of Pooh".
2002–2010: years in England.
In 2002, Lavino and his wife moved to London. During this period, he was commissioned to compose choral works for the choirs of St Paul's Cathedral and Westminster Abbey, among others. He was a member of the BBC Symphony Chorus from 2004-2010.
In 2007, Lavino's choral piece "An Exhortation of St Peter" was performed as part of the Tallis Festival and was broadcast on BBC Radio 3. In 2009, his choral piece "They have become bright stars", a commission for the choir of St Paul's Cathedral (UK), was premiered in the presence of Charles, Prince of Wales; Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall; and Prince Andrew, Duke of York. Lavino's piece "Nativity," commissioned by "Choir &amp; Organ" magazine, was featured in the 2007 Classic FM Christmas Concert, and was recorded by the choir of Westminster Abbey (James O'Donnell, cond.) for the Hyperion label. 
In 2008, Lavino composed the score for Alex Karpovsky's independent film "Woodpecker". The soundtrack featured performances by Radiohead's Colin Greenwood, and members of the band Clap Your Hands Say Yeah. Greenwood also performed on Lavino's score to the film "First Person Singular". That same year, Lavino scored an eight-part documentary series for BBC television, called "Sissinghurst."
In 2009, Lavino composed the score for the HBO documentary film "Which Way Home". The film won an Academy Award and was nominated for an Emmy Award.
Lavino became a citizen of the UK in 2010, and holds dual USA/UK citizenship.
2010–present: return to the US, Fellwalker.
In 2010, Lavino and his family returned to the USA.
Lavino has been commissioned several times to compose choral pieces to celebrate notable anniversaries, including the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Philadelphia Boys Choir &amp; Chorale ("We Live Today"), the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Royal Navy FAA ("They Have Become Bright Stars"), the 200th anniversary of Abraham Lincoln's birth ("We Meet Not in Sorrow"), and the 750th anniversary of the founding of Merton College, Oxford ("Beati Quorum Via").
In 2012, Lavino composed the score for Rebecca Cammisa's Oscar-nominated film "God Is the Bigger Elvis". Lavino's other film-music work in recent years has included director D.A. Pennebaker's final film, "Unlocking the Cage"; Todd Solondz's "Wiener-Dog"; the Showtime series "Murder in the Bayou"; and the HBO series "Murder on Middle Beach".
In 2014, Lavino was commissioned to compose music for the dedication ceremony of the National 9/11 Memorial &amp; Museum in New York City.
In 2019, Lavino began collaborating with musical performance artist Cynthia Hopkins. They later formed the band Fellwalker. Their debut EP, "Shelter", was released in 2020. A second EP, "The Long Distance", and a full-length album, "Love Is the Means", were released in 2021. They are frequent collaborators with drummers Dave King of The Bad Plus and Charlie Hall of The War on Drugs.

</doc>
<doc id="7015621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015621" title="Norwich and Peterborough Building Society">
Norwich and Peterborough Building Society

Norwich &amp; Peterborough Building Society (N&amp;P) is a trading name of Yorkshire Building Society based in Bradford, West Yorkshire. Formed by the merger of the Norwich and Peterborough building societies in 1986, at the time of merger with YBS, it was the ninth largest building society in the United Kingdom, with assets in excess of £4.9 billion. 
The Society had over 45 branch offices mainly located in East Anglia and the surrounding counties of Northamptonshire and Lincolnshire, but there was also a branch in Gibraltar (which opened in 1990 and closed in 2014) and High Holborn, London. The former Head Office was opened by Queen Elizabeth the Second in 1988, on a green field business park at Lynch Wood, Peterborough, where an important operational presence is retained by the Yorkshire. N&amp;P employed over 800 staff, of whom roughly half were based at Lynch Wood.
In January 2017, parent YBS Group announced the proposed closure of 28 (later increased to 31) branches, all current accounts and the eventual withdrawal of the N&amp;P brand. Remaining N&amp;P branches closed on Friday 6 July 2018 and re-opened on Monday 9 July as YBS branches.
History.
The Norwich Building Society was founded in 1852 under the imposing title of Norwich and District Provident Permanent Benefit Building and Freehold Land Society. This was unconnected with the mutual Norwich Union Society for the Insurance of Houses, Stock and Merchandise from Fire, which had been founded in 1797. After the Second World War, in 1947, the Norwich Benefit Building Society incorporated, ceasing to act in the name of its trustees, and the name was simplified. The Society absorbed Thetford, Norfolk and Suffolk Mutual Benefit Building Society in 1961.
Shortly after, in 1860, Peterborough Provincial Benefit Building Society was established by railway workers at the Corn Exchange, Peterborough and, in 1896, it registered under the Building Societies Act 1874 (37 &amp; 38 Vict. c. 42). The fast growth of the railways had not only created large numbers of workers, it had also led to a shortage of housing in the Peterborough area. The new Society enabled its members to build their own homes in the city. Although originally limited to railwaymen, the Society opened its membership to the general public in 1924, moving to new premises in Priestgate. In 1962, its name was changed to the Peterborough Building Society and, soon after, the Head Office moved to a refurbished building in Market Place (later renamed Cathedral Square). The first branch office was opened at March, Cambridgeshire in 1961. The Society absorbed King's Lynn Building Society in 1967, which was based in the offices of the estate agents Geoffrey Collins &amp; Co. at Blackfriars Street. Further mergers followed with Stamford Building Society in 1980 and Argyle Building Society in 1985.
Norwich and Peterborough Building Society was formed by the merger of the two societies in 1986. At that time the Peterborough's assets were £280m and the Norwich's were £176m. An entirely separate City of Peterborough and District Permanent Building Society transferred engagements to Northampton Town and County Building Society in 1959. Anglia Building Society was formed by amalgamation of this Society with Leicestershire Building Society in 1966 and subsequently merged with Nationwide Building Society in 1987.
Merger.
The Society conducted regular dialogues through members’ meetings and other events. It was clear from these that members had a high level of trust in the Society and wished it to continue as a mutual; a stance confirmed by the Board. In order to help maintain normal business activities for the benefit of all members without the disruption caused by speculative activity, new customers opening savings accounts providing membership of the Society were required to enter into an agreement to assign to the Charities Aid Foundation any windfall benefits to which they may have become entitled in the future as an investing member.
In December 2010, it was reported that the Society had received a number of takeover approaches and was keeping its options open. The Society had sold Keydata Investment Services products to some 3,100 customers via its independent financial advisers between November 2005 and June 2009, when the firm was put into administration by the FSA. In July 2009, the Serious Fraud Office commenced an investigation into Keydata Investment Services Ltd. following a referral by the FSA. Shortly afterwards, in November 2009, the Society announced the closure of 10 branches largely outside its "regional heartland" effective March 2010 and in January 2011, chief executive, Matthew Bullock, announced his retirement once a successor could be found. In light of tougher regulation, Aviva Life Services UK Ltd. (formerly Norwich Union) was reappointed to provide financial advice to members.
Following expressions of interest by US equity firm JC Flowers (see Kent Reliance), Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Money and Coventry Building Society, the Board entered into exclusive discussions with Yorkshire Building Society on 19 March 2011. On 22 March, the Society announced it would repay investor losses arising from the collapse of Keydata. Mr. Bullock stepped down on 31 March; Anne Gunther, former chief executive of Standard Life Bank, was appointed to the role on 20 April and the merger agreed following due diligence. On the Board's "strong recommendation", shareholding and borrowing members voted in favour of the proposal at an Extraordinary General Meeting held in Peterborough on 22 August. FSA approval followed on 23 September and the transfer of engagements was completed on 1 November, ending 160 years of independent trading.
Services.
The Society's principal purpose was the making of loans which were secured on residential property and funded substantially by its members. However, for its size, the Society offered a wide range of financial services and advice to its 470,000 customers. Cheques and bank giro credits were cleared through HSBC Bank Plc (until 2015, The Co-operative Bank Plc) and a MasterCard branded credit card was issued on behalf of the Society by MBNA Europe Bank Ltd. Share dealing services were offered to members by Jarvis Investment Management Ltd. As a result of having diversified into areas not traditionally associated with building societies, the Society's income was not solely dependent on mortgages.
Norwich &amp; Peterborough also operated via a telephone call centre based in Peterborough and through a fully transactional website. The Society had three established affinity accounts with Norwich City FC, Peterborough United FC and Lincoln City FC. In 2006, it was endorsed by the Football League as its preferred provider of affinity accounts to Championship and lower league clubs. Each year the Society paid a bonus of up to 1.25% to the club, calculated on the average total balance held in all of their supporters' accounts. There were eventually 27 clubs participating online.
The Society only offered mortgage facilities for properties in England, Wales, Gibraltar or situated in defined geographical areas of the Costa del Sol and the Costa Blanca, Spain. In 2007, it became one of the first building societies to achieve the CarbonNeutral quality mark. Yorkshire Building Society (trading as Norwich &amp; Peterborough) is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. It is a member of the Building Societies Association and the LINK Interchange Network. As a current account provider, N&amp;P was also affiliated to Bankers' Automated Clearing Services and subscribed to the Lending Code. From 2001, its ATMs were operated by Moneybox Corporation.
Yorkshire Building Society also operates under the trading names of Chelsea Building Society (since 2010, including the engagements of the former Catholic Building Society) and Egg (since 2011). The Yorkshire is a participant of the Financial Services Compensation Scheme; therefore, deposits with any of N&amp;P, the Yorkshire, Chelsea and Egg were treated as linked for the purposes the scheme.
Subsidiaries.
The Norwich and Peterborough Group included the following trading companies, which were wholly owned by the parent Society:
Hockleys Professional Limited, trading as Hockleys Surveyors, was acquired by estate agents Connells Residential Ltd. in 2007. The business and undertakings of Norwich and Peterborough Estate Agents Ltd., based in Gibraltar, was divested in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="7015628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015628" title="Malheur Bell">
Malheur Bell

Malheur Home Telephone Company, commonly known as Malheur Bell, was a rural telephone company operating in Oregon. It was a wholly owned subsidiary of Qwest Corporation, the Bell Operating Company of Qwest Communications International.
History.
The original local ancestor of Malheur Bell, and the first telephone company in Malheur County, was the Malheur Telephone Company, opening in 1895 in Vale, Oregon, Another company, Rocky Mountain Bell provided a toll line to the exchange in 1898 as part of a line between Boise, Idaho and Weiser, Idaho, and opened its own local telephone exchanges along the line in Ontario, Oregon in 1900 and Nyssa, Oregon in 1903.
However, the Independent Long Distance Telephone Company of Idaho opened another toll line in the area in 1907, and two local phone companies associated with it were soon formed: the Ontario Independent Telephone Company in 1909, and the Nyssa Owyhee Independent Telephone Company in 1910. That system competed directly with Rocky Mountain Bell and its connected local phone companies in the same towns.
The Malheur Home Telephone Company was incorporated in 1910 and set about purchasing the telephone systems in the area, starting with Malheur Telephone in Vale and Rocky Mountain Bell, with its Bell franchise, in Nyssa and Ontario. In 1911 it bought the Oregon portion of the toll lines of both Rocky Mountain Bell and Independent Long Distance Telephone Company of Idaho, also taking the Ontario Independent Telephone Company in 1911 and Nyssa Owyhee in 1912.
Rocky Mountain Bell received so much Malheur Home Telephone Company stock in exchange for Rocky Mountain Bell property that Rocky Mountain Bell obtained controlling interest of Malheur. This controlling interest was carried through the later merger of Rocky Mountain Bell with other telephone companies into the Mountain States Telephone and Telegraph Company. Over time Mountain States Telephone also bought out the minority shareholders of Malheur, eventually becoming the sole owner of Malheur. Malheur continued to remain an independent operation of Mountain States Telephone. Malheur Bell was located in a state otherwise served by Pacific Telephone &amp; Telegraph.
By 1984, Mountain Bell had acquired 100% of the company's stock, and Malheur continued to operate independently of Mountain Bell. At this point it was located within Pacific Northwest Bell territory, split from Pacific Telephone in the 1960s. PNB became a sister Bell Operating Company of Mountain Bell under US West ownership in 1984. In 1991, US West merged its operating companies into Mountain Bell, which was renamed US West Communications; however, Malheur Bell remained independent of the rest of US West operations, and continued to use the Bell trademark.
In 2000, US West was acquired by Qwest, and US West Communications was renamed Qwest Corporation. Malheur Bell continued to operate independently of its parent until its operations were fully integrated into Qwest on December 14, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7015629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015629" title="John Wyatt (inventor)">
John Wyatt (inventor)

John Wyatt (April 1700 – 29 November 1766), an English inventor, was born near Lichfield and was related to Sarah Ford, Doctor Johnson's mother. A carpenter by trade he began work in Birmingham on the development of a spinning machine. In 1733 he was working in the mill at New Forge (Powells) Pool, Sutton Coldfield attempting to spin the first cotton thread ever spun by mechanical means.
His principal partner was Lewis Paul and together they developed the concept of elongating cotton threads by running them through rollers and then stretching them through a faster second set of rollers. They produced the first ever roller spinning machine but it was very successful. Paul took out thread in 1738 and in 1758, the year before he died.
In 1757 the Rev. John Dyer of Northampton recognised the importance of the Paul and Wyatt cotton spinning machine in his poem "The Fleece" (Dyer, p. 99):
Wyatt went to work for Matthew Boulton in his foundry in Birmingham. There he invented and produced a weighing machine and experimented with donkey power
to run his spinning machine. He was brought down by his debts and was made bankrupt.
Despite their failures, their ideas laid the foundations for others who followed, particularly Sir Richard Arkwright.
In their book Das Kapital, Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels wrote: 

</doc>
<doc id="7015630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015630" title="Sidney Evans (boxer)">
Sidney Evans (boxer)

Sidney Clifton Horace Evans (1881 – 8 January 1927) was a British heavyweight boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He won a silver medal in Boxing at the 1908 Summer Olympics. Evans was born in Aldermaston in West Berkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="7015638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015638" title="Tres Marias Championship">
Tres Marias Championship

The Tres Marias Championship was a women's professional golf tournament on the LPGA Tour, played from 2005 to 2010, at Tres Marias Residential Golf Club in Morelia, Michoacán, Mexico.
From 2005 through 2009 the title sponsor of the tournament was Mexican beer Corona. Lorena Ochoa of Mexico won the event three times: 2006, 2008, and 2009.
The 2011 tournament was originally scheduled for April 21–24. On February 3, the LPGA announced that the tournament had been canceled because of concerns about violence in the Mexican state of Michoacán but in reality there was a lack of sponsors to keep going the tournament as Lorena Ochoa retired that year.
The tournament was not scheduled in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="7015640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015640" title="Delisha Milton-Jones">
Delisha Milton-Jones



</doc>
<doc id="7015654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015654" title="Great Burstead">
Great Burstead

Great Burstead is an urban settlement and former civil parish, now in the parish of Great Burstead and South Green, in the Basildon district, in Essex, England. It is contiguous with the town of Billericay.
History.
By tradition, the origins of the church, St Mary Magdalene, at Great Burstead are linked to Saint Cedd (d.664). Cedd, a missionary monk and later Bishop of the East Saxons, was trained by the Celtic Saint Aidan at Lindisfarne. Cedd's original chapel at Bradwell-juxta-Mare in Essex can still be visited. It is understood that at first he set up his wayside preaching cross on the present-day church site, and a well which he blessed, then after he converted Ebba, the Thane of Great Burstead. However, it is also reputed that the East Saxon King Sæberht (d 616) was buried nearby, a convert under the earlier Christian mission of Mellitus, the first Bishop of London. The area first having been settled by the East Saxons around 527 AD. Later, around 680 AD, the cross was replaced with a wooden building by the Thane, Edwy, perhaps dedicated by Theodore of Tarsus, Archbishop of Canterbury. An ancient English Yew, found to the south of the church and over a millennium old, is thought to be one of Essex's oldest trees.
In 1086 the Norman Domesday Book stated that Great Burstead village contained 150 sheep, two horses, 3 teams of oxen, and 118 householders (villagers), and was owned by Odo of Bayeux, William the Conqueror's half brother.
In 1381 the Peasants' Revolt took place, and after the death of Wat Tyler in London, the Essex men retreated back to Billericay. The Battle of Billericay took place on 28 June 1381 probably in Norsey Wood; 500 Essex man were killed, and over 700 horses were captured. The men are believed to be buried along with their leaders in the church of St Mary Magdalene, Great Burstead.
Thomas Watts, a local Great Burstead draper, was burned at the stake in Chelmsford for refusing to pray in church under Queen Mary I. On 9 June 1555, Thomas was buried in Great Burstead Church.
South Green, today a residential area of Great Burstead, also consisting of shops and a public green space, in medieval times was likely to have been used for archery practice, the local sign today depicts this.
Born in Great Burstead in 1582 was Christopher Martin, a Merchant and local property owner, who married Mary Prowe in Burstead church in 1607. Martin became churchwarden at St Mary Magdalene Church in 1611. In 1620 he became the Governor of the "Mayflower" ship, and purchasing agent for supplies, and a signer of the Mayflower Compact in 1621. He died on 8 January 1621 in Plymouth, Massachusetts.
Great Burstead was part of the Barstable hundred, and in 1841 had a population of 884 spread over of land. The complete census can be viewed, as can a listing of many of the historical public houses.
On 24 September 1916, German Zeppelin L32 was shot down by 2nd Lt Frederick Sowrey of the Royal Flying Corps. The airship narrowly missed Billericay High Street and crashed in fields just off from Greens Farm lane Great Burstead, killing all 22 crew.
In 1931 the parish had a population of 3690. The Great Burstead parish, which also covered Billericay was abolished on 1 January 1937 to form Billericay. The parish formed part of the Billericay Rural District from 1894 and Billericay Urban District from 1934. The district was renamed Basildon Urban District in 1955 and became part of the present-day Basildon district in 1974.
The village has South Green as its main shopping district. As of 2020, the district was in reality only a small parade of related businesses. It consisted of about ten units each for a different customer-facing business, with the following businesses included: pharmacy, take-away shop, post office, doctor's surgery (GP), convenience store, and florists. More or less next to the parade of shops is a scenic green bounded by the parade, houses, a memorial hall, a petrol station, and roads.
The Great Burstead cricket team was formed in 1956. It has recently merged with East Hanningfield CC but will continue to play in the T Rippon Mid-Essex League.
Governance.
Great Burstead is part of electoral ward called Burstead. The population of this ward at the 2011 census was 10,620.

</doc>
<doc id="7015662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015662" title="Lynn Mittell">
Lynn Mittell



</doc>
<doc id="7015665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015665" title="Let Me Go (3 Doors Down song)">
Let Me Go (3 Doors Down song)

"Let Me Go" is a song by American rock band 3 Doors Down, released on November 22, 2004, as the lead single from their third studio album, "Seventeen Days" (2005). The song peaked number 14 on both the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and Modern Rock Tracks charts, and number six on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
Writing.
According to 3 Doors Down lead singer Brad Arnold, "Let Me Go" was originally written for "Spider-Man 2" soundtrack but didn't end up on the film's soundtrack. Arnold explained that "we liked it so much, we kept it for ourselves." Arnold wanted to keep the song, "because it also had meaning to me personally." Lyrically "Let Me Go" is a break-up song.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Wayne Isham and features actors Jodi Lyn O'Keefe and Jesse Metcalfe as two young high school students whose relationship seems to be the ideal, but which soon is shattered by a devastating secret. O'Keefe appears to be nothing more than the average all-American type on the surface, but her secret night job as a stripper at a strip club called Jumbo's Clown Room shows a different side. Metcalfe, upon realizing this, acts coldly and eventually separates from her. The rest of the video shows them both showing remorse over this hasty decision. At the very end, Metcalfe discovers that O'Keefe's night efforts was only being used to support her final secret: her young baby daughter. Throughout the clip, the band is seen performing on a rainy city street illuminated with several backlights. In an interview with 3 Doors Down, it was revealed that a later idea was that O'Keefe hated being a stripper.
Track listings.
UK 7-inch single
Australian CD single

</doc>
<doc id="7015666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015666" title="Harry Johnson (boxer)">
Harry Johnson (boxer)

Herbert Henry Johnson (10 August 1887 – 16 December 1947) was a British lightweight professional boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He won a bronze medal in Boxing at the 1908 Summer Olympics losing against Frederick Spiller in the semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="7015672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015672" title="Boris Böhmann">
Boris Böhmann

Boris Böhmann (born July 19, 1964) is a German conductor and composer.
He was born in Worms am Rhein, was musical assistant at his home church, Worms Cathedral, between 1987 and 1990. His studies in Catholic theology at Johannes Gutenberg University in Mainz were followed with studies at the College of Music in Detmold (church music and conducting) between 1988 and 1993. The "Vocal Ensemble at St. Martin" in Worms was founded in 1990 on his initiative, and he has been musical director of the ensemble until 2004. After his artistic A examination in 1993, he was appointed choir director at the Papal Basilica of St. Mary's in Kevelaer. Here he conducted the different ensembles of music at the basilica, consisting of more than 250 members (two children's choirs, the youth school, choir, orchestra, choral school and winds).
Between 2000 and 2001, Boris Böhmann was chairman of the Association of Church Musicians in the bishopric of Münster. Since 1996, he has been a member of the national committee of the German choir association "Pueri Cantores" and since 1999 also held a position as a member of the presidency committee.
In 2003, he was appointed cathedral director of music and headmaster of the cathedral singing school, succeeding prelate Dr. Raimund Hug at the Freiburg Minster in southwest Germany, where he conducts the choirs at the Freiburg cathedral (Freiburg cathedral boys' choir, cathedral choir, cathedral chamber choir and cathedral Orchestra). Numerous concert appointments took him all over Germany, Europe, Australia and Asia. Productions for television, radio and on CD with him as conductor of choirs and organ player document his musical work.
Since 2006 he has a training order for conducting and musical training of boys and children choirs at the university of music, Freiburg.

</doc>
<doc id="7015674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015674" title="Ten Out of 10">
Ten Out of 10

Ten Out of 10 is the eighth studio album by 10cc. It was released in two different versions, with the original edition coming in November 1981 and the US version coming in June 1982 respectively.
Overview.
After two albums from 10cc as a six-piece lineup, "Ten Out of 10" was a return to the core duo of Graham Gouldman and Eric Stewart. All other contributors were session musicians; these included two who had played on the band's previous album, 1980s "Look Hear?": drummer Paul Burgess, who played on all but three tracks, and guitarist and singer Rick Fenn, who was credited on two tracks but who actually played on all other tracks, though uncredited. Another session musician was pianist Vic Emerson of Sad Café, who also joined the band on tour. The album credits identified Gouldman and Stewart as "Graham" and "Eric", as on previous albums, with other musicians credited with their full names. The only band member photos on the album were those of Gouldman and Stewart.
The album marked the first involvement with 10cc by American singer-songwriter Andrew Gold. Gouldman said the band's label in the US, Warner Bros. Records, wanted more of an American flavour to the album: 
Gold was invited to record with the band by Lenny Waronker, head of A&amp;R at Warners. Gold explained: 
Andrew Gold was also invited to join the band but declined because of other commitments:
Recording was split between the band's two studios, Strawberry Studios South at Dorking, Surrey, and Strawberry Studios North at Stockport, Greater Manchester. The recording of the album was interrupted by Eric Stewart's contributions to Paul McCartney's "Tug of War" and Graham Gouldman's production of The Ramones' "Pleasant Dreams" in the first half of 1981.
Unlike the band's previous cover designs which were done by Hipgnosis, the cover for "Ten Out of 10" was designed by Visible Ink Ltd, which also created the cover for ABC's "The Lexicon of Love" (1982). To create the image, model-making techniques similar to those used in cinema were used - the façade of the building is actually a miniature placed in front of the camera, with the people posed behind it.
Release and reception.
The album was released in two variations: the original edition in 1981 for all markets except the US and, in 1982, a rather different version, exclusively for the US. The US edition of the album included three new compositions co-written by Andrew Gold: "The Power of Love", "We've Heard It All Before", and "Run Away", along with "Tomorrow's World Today", which was originally a b-side to the "Don't Turn Me Away" single, and a different mix of "Memories". The new songs replaced "Action Man in Motown Suit", "Listen with Your Eyes", "Lying Here with You" and "Survivor".
The album was preceded by the singles "Les Nouveaux Riches" b/w "I Hate to Eat Alone" (UK only release) and "Don't Turn Me Away" b/w "Tomorrow's World Today" (except US). "Memories" b/w "Overdraft in Overdrive" was later released in The Netherlands and Australia only. It was also scheduled for UK-release in February 1982 but a month later "The Power of Love" was released instead. New compositions recorded with Andrew Gold were all released as singles in 1982: "The Power of Love" b/w "You're Coming Home Again" (released with "Action Man in a Motown Suit" as the B-side in some countries), "Run Away" b/w "Action Man in a Motown Suit", "We've Heard It All Before" b/w "Overdraft in Overdrive" (UK only release).
"Ten Out of 10" failed to chart in the UK and despite the revisions to the album made for the North American market, it did not chart in the US either. Like the previous 10cc album "Look Hear?", "Ten Out of 10" performed better in Europe and Canada. The single "Don't Turn Me Away" was a Top 40 hit in Canada, reaching #38, while "Run Away" managed to peak at #50 in the UK, the band's first charting single since "Dreadlock Holiday" in 1978.
Gouldman later admitted that greater involvement by Gold might have lifted the band's early 1980s output from its mediocrity:
Following "Ten Out of 10," the band ended the stint with Warner Bros. Records in the US which had started with their previous album "Look Hear?" (1980).
The album was reissued on CD in Japan in 2006 with the original UK tracklisting, adding the US version tracks, b-sides and single versions as bonus tracks. It was reissued in the SHM-CD format in 2008 (again a Japanese exclusive release) in 2008. Both the 2006 and 2008 reissues were packaged in mini-LP replica artwork.
On 25 August 2014, the album finally received a UK release. It features the same track listing as the 2006 deluxe edition; however, it is packaged in a jewel box with a booklet. The 2014 version was mastered by Andy Pearce. The album received a U.S. release on CD the following week on 2 September 2014.
Track listings.
UK version.
Mercury – 6359 048
US version.
Warner Bros. Records – BSK 3575

</doc>
<doc id="7015677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015677" title="Kick My Ass (Garbage cover)">
Kick My Ass (Garbage cover)



</doc>
<doc id="7015684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015684" title="William Philo">
William Philo

William Philo (17 February 1882 in Islington, Middlesex, England, United Kingdom – 7 July 1916 in France) was a British Middleweight professional boxer who competed in the early twentieth century. He won a bronze medal in Boxing at the 1908 Summer Olympics, losing against Reginald Baker in the semi-finals. He served in the British Army with the 8th Battalion, Royal Fusiliers and was posted missing, aged 34, during the Battle of the Somme in France on 7 July 1916 as a Company Serjeant Major. His remains were not recovered, and his name is recorded on the Thiepval Memorial.
1908 Olympic results.
Below is the record of William Philo, a British middleweight boxer who competed at the 1908 London Olympics:

</doc>
<doc id="7015686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015686" title="St. Patrick’s Athletic">
St. Patrick’s Athletic



</doc>
<doc id="7015690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015690" title="Richard Barber">
Richard Barber

Richard William Barber (born 30 October 1941) is a British historian who has published several books about medieval history and literature. His book "The Knight and Chivalry", about the interplay between history and literature, won the Somerset Maugham Award, a well-known British literary prize, in 1971. A similarly-themed 2004 book, "The Holy Grail: Imagination and Belief", was widely praised in the UK press, and received major reviews in "The New York Times" and "The New Republic".
Life.
Barber was educated at Marlborough College, and Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. In 1969 he founded The Boydell Press, which later became Boydell &amp; Brewer Ltd, a publisher in medieval studies, and acted as group managing director until 2009. In 1989, Boydell &amp; Brewer Ltd, in association with the University of Rochester, started the University of Rochester Press in upstate New York. In 2016, the directors of Boydell &amp; Brewer Ltd transferred the company into a trust for the benefit of the employees.
He was visiting professor in the History department at the University of York from 2013 to 2016, and was awarded an honorary doctorate there in 2015.
Barber has long specialised in Arthurian legend, beginning with the general survey, "Arthur of Albion" (1961). His other major interest is historical biography: he has published "Henry Plantagenet" (1964) and a biography of Edward, the Black Prince, "Edward Prince of Wales and Aquitaine" (1978). Recent biographical books are "Edward III and the Triumph of England: The Battle of Crécy and the Order of the Garter" (2013), which includes a reappraisal of the origins of the Order, and "Henry II" in the Penguin Monarchs series (2015). His latest book is "Magnificence and Princely Splendour in the Middle Ages" (2020).
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="7015692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015692" title="Brett Backwell">
Brett Backwell

Brett William Backwell (born 18 May 1980) is a former Australian rules football player who achieved some international notoriety in 2005 when he had a finger amputated to enable him to continue his chosen sport. Backwell played for in the Australian Football League (AFL) from 1999 to 2001, and won the J. J. Liston Trophy in 2001 and the Magarey Medal in 2006.
AFL career.
Backwell played his junior football in Queensland. He was drafted to the elite AFL competition at number 67 selection in the 1998 AFL Draft. His father Owen was a winner of the QAFL's Grogan Medal in 1971 and 1975.
Backwell debuted in the opening Round of the 1999 season. Played primarily as a small forward, he showed some opportunist play and in his 18 games managed a creditable 12 goals. He was nominated for the AFL Rising Star award.
He spent much of 2001 playing in Carlton's stand-alone reserves team in the Victorian Football League (VFL), where he won the J. J. Liston Trophy for best and fairest. He was delisted at the end of the 2001 season.
SANFL career.
Lured to South Australia by West Adelaide in an effort to rekindle his AFL career, Backwell quickly shone at this lower level of competition, finishing fourth in the Magarey Medal.
In 2003 Backwell moved to Glenelg, joining his former teammate from Carlton, Heath Culpitt. Selection in SANFL state teams followed 2003, 2005 and 2006, including the 2003 win over Western Australia, earning him the Fos Williams Medal for a best-on-ground performance.
In 2006 Backwell won the highest individual award in the league, the Magarey Medal, a feat heightened after he elected to have a finger amputated twelve months earlier. In post-award interviews he said he has not given up hope of again playing in the AFL, and hoped his Magarey win would spark interest from other clubs, but this did not eventuate and he continued to play with Glenelg until 2009.
Backwell spent the 2009/10 summer playing in the Northern Territory Football League for Waratah; as a result of playing for Waratah instead of participating in Glenelg's preseason, Backwell was sacked by his SANFL club. After sitting out the 2010 SANFL season, he returned in 2011 for North Adelaide, and played there until his retirement from the SANFL in June 2012. He played out the season in the Southern Football League for Morphettville Park.
Backwell served as a midfield assistant coach for South Adelaide from 2013 until 2014, before resigning.
He later became coach of Prince Alfred Old Collegians, taking them to the Division One minor premiership in the Adelaide Football League.
Finger amputation.
In 2005 Backwell enjoyed a brief period of international celebrity status when he elected to have his left-ring finger amputated. The finger had caused him constant pain and restricted movement since injuring it in 2002. Surgeons offered him the option of fusing the bones in his finger, but he declined this as it would not have allowed him to continue playing. After having the finger chopped off, he was flown to the United States to appear on the 22 September episode of the "Late Show with David Letterman". He continued to play football without any complications from only having nine fingers.

</doc>
<doc id="7015701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015701" title="Tileagd, Bihor">
Tileagd, Bihor



</doc>
<doc id="7015702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015702" title="Gillitts, Durban">
Gillitts, Durban



</doc>
<doc id="7015709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015709" title="Frank Parks">
Frank Parks

Francis George Parks (March 1875 – 22 May 1945) was a British amateur heavyweight boxer. He joined the Polytechnic Boxing Club in 1892 and won the Studd Trophy in 1902. He also won a bronze medal at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
He was born in March 1875 in London, England, to George Parks and Eliza Ann Barrington. Around 1896, he married Ada Sarah Waller in London, and they had the following children: Maud Lilian Parks (1897–1983), Francis George Parks (1898–?); Rose Gladys Parks (1900–?), Ivy Mary Parks (1904–?), and Olive Eva Parks (1907–1991). He was the ABA Heavyweight Champion in 1899, 1901, 1902, 1905 and 1906.
In 1911, he and Reuben Charles Warnes went to the United States with the Amateur Boxing Association of England to fight in Madison Square Garden in a series of exhibition bouts. In one of the 1911 matches in the United States he lost to William Spengler in three rounds on a referee's decision.
He died on 22 May 1945 in Hampstead, in a car crash.
Legacy.
A plaque in the shape of a laurel wreath was dedicated to Frank Parks by the Polytechnic Boxing Club "as a token of admiration by his many friends for his high example and untiring effort for the welfare of club for 52 years". The plaque is dated 7 November 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="7015711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015711" title="Săcueni, Bihor">
Săcueni, Bihor



</doc>
<doc id="7015713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015713" title="Controlled demolition hypothesis for the Collapse of the World Trade Center">
Controlled demolition hypothesis for the Collapse of the World Trade Center



</doc>
<doc id="7015714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015714" title="Čepkeliai marsh">
Čepkeliai marsh



</doc>
<doc id="7015718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015718" title="União Bandeirante Futebol Clube">
União Bandeirante Futebol Clube

União Bandeirante Futebol Clube, usually known as União Bandeirante, was a football team from the city of Bandeirantes, in the state of Paraná, Brazil.
History.
On 15 November 1964, União Bandeirante Futebol Clube was founded as Usina Bandeirante Futebol Clube. Then the club and another club form the same city, Guarani, fused, and the new club was named União Bandeirante Futebol Clube.
In 2006, the club was deactivated by its owners, who are the sons of Serafim Meneghel, who was the club's patron.
Stadium.
União Bandeirante Futebol Clube's home matches are usually played at Comendador Luís Serafim Meneghel stadium (also known as Estádio Vila Maria), which has a maximum capacity of 8,000 people.
Mascots.
There are three club mascots: the "Caçula Milionário" ("Millionnaire Youngster"), the "Bêbado" (Drunken Man) and the Caipira. The first mascot, the "Caçula Milionári"o, was created in the 1960s.
Club colors.
The club colors are black and white 

</doc>
<doc id="7015719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015719" title="Shalva Natelashvili">
Shalva Natelashvili

Shalva Natelashvili (born 17 February 1958) is a Georgian politician and a former prosecutor. He founded the Georgian Labour Party and has served as its chair since 1995. He is a president of the International Geopolitical Center.
Early life and career.
Shalva Natelashvili was born in the town of Pasanauri, in the northern mountainous part of Georgia. He graduated from Tbilisi State University faculty of law in 1981 and pursued his post-graduate degree at the Diplomatic Academy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia, majoring in international law. In 1981, he started his career at the General Prosecutor's Office of Georgia as an investigator and was promoted to the position of Prosecutor and later to Head of Department for International Relations. In 2004, he studied in the Leadership Program by the US State Department.
Natelashvili is an honorary envoy of the state of Louisiana, a member of the International Association of Lawyers, a member of Academy of National and Social Sciences, a member of Association of International Law and has been granted a title of peace ambassador.
Political career.
Natelashvili started his political career in 1992 when he won election to the Parliament of Georgia and became a majoritarian MP for the Dusheti region. He was then elected Head of Committee for Legal Affairs and chaired the Parliamentary Committee for First Constitution of Georgia. He is an author of the laws about citizenship, gun laws, the legal status of people without citizenship, parliamentary commissions and committees, parliamentary factions and political parties, the legal status of foreign citizens, and immigration and migration. Natelashvili also led the procedures to ensure that Georgia was integrated with international treaties of human rights.
In 1995, Natelashvili established the Georgian Labour Party (GLP). It won a series of court trials, which resulted in things such as free secondary school nationwide and the reduction of electricity tariff for three years. GLP has never joined any other political blocs or alliances and always ran for parliament independently. Natelashvili won reelection in 1995 in the first round of the elections in the Dusheti single-member constituency. He was a member of parliamentary bureau and collegium, chairman of the Elector's faction and Labour Party's faction in parliament. He also served as the co-chair of the parliamentary coalition United Georgia.
In 1999, the GLP garnered 7.02 percent of the votes in the parliamentary elections. Natelashvili alleged that the elections were rigged by the ruling Union of Citizens of Georgia. The GLP performed particularly strongly in the 1998 and 2002 local elections. In 1998, the GLP received 9% of the votes nationwide and finished on 3rd place. In capital Tbilisi, the GLP received 18%, ending up on second place. The party managed to make its member Lado Kakhadze be elected on the post of the chairman of Tbilisi City Assembly. However, Kakhadze was soon co-opted by the ruling Union of Citizens and he left the Labour Party.
The biggest success of the Labour Party came in the 2002 Tbilisi City Assembly election, in which the GLP secured a victory, finishing on the first place with 25.5% of the vote. According to observers, the Labor Party was seen as the protest vote, with Natelashvili attacking all facets of the political elite, both the government and other oppositionists, and being perceived as unfairly excluded by the government from the Parliament during the 1999 Georgian parliamentary election. Despite securing victory, the GLP still did not have enough seats to elect a chairman independently, without the support of other parties. 
On 13 June 2002, in a surprise move, Natelashvili announced that he would not seek the chairmanship of Tbilisi City Assembly, instead supporting another opposition leader, future President Mikheil Saakashvili, whose United National Movement finished in 2nd place. The decision was controversial, as the chairmanship of Tbilisi City Assembly was seen as a powerful platform from which to criticize the government, and was perceived as providing a great leverage for its holder in the run-up to the 2003 Georgian parliamentary election. Natelashvili's supporters believed that he wasted a great opportunity to further boost popularity of his party. Many have opined that Natelashvili renounced the chairmanship because he "was only talk and unable to do the real work".
In 2003, Natelashvili and the Georgian Labour Party acquired seats in Parliament with 12.5% of votes. The party was not allowed to use its mandate, as an authorized institution illegally dissolved the parliament in the aftermath of the Rose Revolution. The rerun of the elections in 2004 was fraudulent, which left the party without the mandates. The European Court of Human Rights recognized the Georgian Labour Party and Natelashvili as the victim of the falsified elections in its decision dated 8 July 2008.
In November 2007, Natelashvili led the anti-governmental protest rallies and the demonstrations were forcefully dissolved. Natelashvili's house and the party were raided by special forces and searched. The party leader had to flee for several days while the prosecutor's office accused Natelashvili of state treason and organizing mass unrest. The government revoked all its allegations after the international community and the US ambassador to Georgia, John F. Tefft, intervened and cancelled the arrest warrant.
As a result of the conflict surrounding the presidential elections of 5 January 2008, the Central Election Commission of Georgia declared that Natelashvili only gathered 6.5 per cent of the votes. The Georgian Labour Party cleared the election threshold in the parliamentary elections of 2008 and won the mandates in the parliament, despite the large-scale election fraud. Nonetheless, the Georgian Labour Party decided to boycott the parliamentary sessions in protest of the ballot fraud.
On 1 October 2012, Georgian billionaire Bidzina Ivanishvili's party, the Georgian Dream, took power in Tbilisi. This placed increased pressure on the Georgian Labour Party.
Personal life.
Natelashvili is married to Bela Alania (a lawyer and a writer) and has a son Beka Natelashvili and a daughter Darejan Natelashvili.
Natelashvili has allegedly survived several assassination attempts, including a blast at the Georgian Labour Party's head office, which killed party activist Nino Giorgobiani. In addition, four people, including one child, were hurt and taken to the hospital. The government of Georgia blamed the explosion on the Russian special services.
Natelashili is often seen in the Russian-Georgian conflict zones where he organizes rallies to protest against illegal construction of borders and fences on the territory of Georgia by the Russian armed forces.

</doc>
<doc id="7015723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015723" title="Jesus Says">
Jesus Says

"Jesus Says" is a song by the band Ash, released as the first single from their second album "Nu-Clear Sounds" in 1998, reaching number 15 in the UK singles chart. It was released as a single CD, a 7" vinyl, and as a cassette. "Jesus Says" was Ash's highest selling single until "Shining Light" in 2001. The 7" version came with a picture sleeve and the UK promo version came in a custom rice paper picture wallet.
The song also appears on the "Intergalactic Sonic 7″s" hits collection, and live versions can be found on the "Tokyo Blitz" DVD and the "Numbskull" EP. Additionally, a remix of the song was recorded as a B-side for the "Shining Light" single. The "Shining Light" remix was also released as a white label 12".
The song was remixed for American release by Butch Vig. The song featured in the soundtrack for the film "Swimfan".
B-sides.
The B-side "Radiation" appeared on the CD1 version of the single and was an indicator of the tone of the upcoming album.
"Dancing on the Moon" also appeared on the CD1 version. It was Ash's first single to be released in 2CD formats. Rick McMurray did not turn up for the recording session, so Danny Goffey of Supergrass recorded the drumming for this track instead.
"Taken Out" appears on the CD2 edition (as well as on the "Cosmic Debris" B-sides collection), and was the first track solely written and sung by newly employed guitarist, Charlotte Hatherley. Rick McMurray claims that it's one of his favourite songs to play. "Heroin, Vodka, White Noise" was also on CD2.
Music video.
The video for "Jesus Says" was directed by Howard Greenhalgh. The majority of the video takes place in an abandoned warehouse in which a party is taking place while the band perform. The video features near-constant rotational camera movement, which led to MTV receiving complaints about the video's apparent 'nauseousness', which led to a second video to be released, with toned-down spinning effects.
Track listing.
All tracks written and composed by Hamilton/Wheeler; except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="7015724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015724" title="Čepkeliai swamp">
Čepkeliai swamp



</doc>
<doc id="7015726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015726" title="Ice Valley">
Ice Valley



</doc>
<doc id="7015728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015728" title="Ten Out Of 10">
Ten Out Of 10



</doc>
<doc id="7015729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015729" title="Čepkeliai">
Čepkeliai



</doc>
<doc id="7015731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015731" title="Cepkeliai Marsh">
Cepkeliai Marsh



</doc>
<doc id="7015736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015736" title="Čepkeliai bog">
Čepkeliai bog



</doc>
<doc id="7015737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015737" title="Dubai women's college">
Dubai women's college



</doc>
<doc id="7015739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015739" title="Čepkeliai Mire">
Čepkeliai Mire



</doc>
<doc id="7015742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015742" title="Cepkeliai">
Cepkeliai



</doc>
<doc id="7015747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015747" title="Peter Halley">
Peter Halley

Peter Halley (born 1953) is an American artist and a central figure in the Neo-Conceptualist movement of the 1980s. Known for his Day-Glo geometric paintings, Halley is also a writer, the former publisher of "index Magazine", and a teacher; he served as director of graduate studies in painting and printmaking at the Yale University School of Art from 2002 to 2011. Halley lives and works in New York City.
Introduction.
Halley came to prominence as an artist in the mid-1980s, as part of the generation of Neo-Conceptualist artists that first exhibited in New York's East Village, including Jeff Koons, Haim Steinbach, Sarah Charlesworth, Annette Lemieux, Steven Parrino, Phillip Taaffe, and Gretchen Bender.
Halley's paintings explore both the physical and psychological structures of social space; he connects the hermetic language of geometric abstraction—as practiced by artists such as Barnett Newman and Ellsworth Kelly—to the actualities of urban space and the digital landscape. In the 1990s, he expanded his practice to include public installations based around the technology of large-scale digital prints.
Halley is also known for his critical writings, which, beginning in the 1980s, linked the ideas of French Post-Structuralist theorists including Michel Foucault and Jean Baudrillard to the digital revolution and the visual arts. From 1996 to 2005, Halley published "Index Magazine", which featured in-depth interviews with emergent and established figures in fashion, music, film, and other creative fields. Having also taught art in several graduate programs, Halley became the director of graduate studies in painting and printmaking at the Yale University School of Art, serving from 2002 to 2011.
Early life and education.
Halley was born and raised in New York City. He is the son of Janice Halley, a registered nurse of Polish ancestry, and Rudolph Halley, an attorney and politician of German-Austrian Jewish descent. In 1951, Rudolph "became an instant celebrity," as Halley has said, while serving as chief prosecutor for the United States Senate Special Committee to Investigate Crime in Interstate Commerce, also known as the Kefauver Committee (after Senator Estes Kefauver). "This series of hearings with various colorful mobsters was broadcast on television all over the country," Halley notes. Rudolph was also assistant counsel to the wartime Truman Committee, investigating fraud and waste in defense contracting. He served as president of the New York City Council from 1951 to 1953, and unsuccessfully ran for New York City Mayor in 1953. He died soon after at the age of forty-three, when Halley was three years old.
Other notable family members include Rudolph's first cousin Carl Solomon (1928–1993), to whom Allen Ginsberg dedicated his epic poem "Howl (for Carl Solomon)" in 1955. Halley is also related to Samuel Shipman (1884–1937), a well-known and colorful writer of Broadway comedies in the 1920s. Halley's great aunt and uncle, Rose and A.A. Wyn, published Ace Comics from 1940 to 1956 and Ace Books from 1952 to 1973. Ace Books was an American publisher of science fiction that published William Burroughs's first novel, "Junkie", in 1953, as well as the first novels by several prominent science-fiction writers including Philip K. Dick, Samuel R. Delany, and Ursula K. Le Guin.
A precocious child, Peter started first grade at Manhattan's Hunter College Elementary School at the age of 5. He later attended Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, a prep school known for its art museum and, at the time, innovative art program. While at Andover, Halley took an interest in various forms of media and became the programming director for the school's low-wattage radio station. It was also during this time that he began painting, making his first works in his great uncle Aaron's art studio.
He received college acceptances with full scholarships from Brown, Harvard, and Yale, but chose to study at Yale because of their renowned art program. But, after his sophomore year, Halley was denied entry into the art major and decided to move to New Orleans, where he lived for one year. He returned to Yale the following year to study art history, and wrote his senior thesis on Henri Matisse before graduating in 1975. After graduation, Halley returned to New Orleans and, in 1976, enrolled in the University of New Orleans MFA program. He received his MFA in 1978 and lived in New Orleans until 1980 (also traveling to Mexico, Central America, Europe, and North Africa during this time).
Career.
Early career and New York City.
In 1980, Halley returned to New York City and moved into a loft on East 7th Street in the East Village, Manhattan; there, Talking Heads frontman David Byrne was his upstairs neighbor. New York City had a lasting influence on Halley's distinct painting style. He became enamored with the city's intensity, scale, and three-dimensional urban grid—the "geometricization of space that pervaded the 20th century." Likewise interested in abstract painting, Halley "set out to connect the language of geometric abstraction to the actual space that he saw all around him, transforming the square—borrowed from Malevich, Albers, and others—into architectural icons he called 'prisons' and 'cells,' and connecting them by straight lines called 'conduits.'"
These particular geometric icons, which he developed in the early 1980s in the midst of a global technology boom, became the basis of Halley's painting for the decades to come. Halley derived his language not just from the urban grid but from the gridded networks permeating all facets of the contemporary "media-controlled, post-industrial world." With this background, the "cells" could be seen as "images of confinement and as cellular units in the scientific sense," according to Calvin Tomkins. The "conduits"—the lines connect various "cells" and other geometric patterns in a given work—represent the supports of "underlying informational and structural components of contemporary society," Amy Brandt writes. "Halley wished to incite public awareness of the confining, underlying structures of industrialized society and commodity capitalism."
In addition to urban structures such as modernist buildings and subways, Halley drew influence from the pop themes and social issues associated with new wave music. He took the modernist grid of previous abstract painting—namely, according to Brandt, the work of Frank Stella—and amplified its colors and impact in accordance with the postmodern times. During this early period, Halley employed new colors and materials with specific connotations. He began to use fluorescent Day-Glo paint, which has an uncanny glow that recalls the artificial lights of postmodern society and the bright government-issued signs that mark streets and workers' clothing. Halley also uses Day-Glo colors in response to developments in modernist painting—a "hyperrealization" of art-historical motifs, in Halley terms (following Jean Baudrillard)—and as a means of delineating space on his canvases.
Halley also began to employ Roll-a-Tex, a textural additive that gives his "cells" and "prisons" a tactile, architectural quality, as Roll-a-Tex is most often used as surfacing in buildings such as suburban homes and motels. The postmodern, commodity-like color and texture, not to mention the thickness, of Halley's canvases entered them into the art-historical conversation surrounding painting and objecthood. The mixture of harsh colors and textures at once "seduce[s] and repel[s] viewers with assaults on their senses of sight and touch."
In the 1980s, Halley's practice and career developed amid the artistic and intellectual discourse that arose in East Village artist-run galleries like International with Monument, Cash/Newhouse, and Nature Morte. These spaces were a community for artists such as Halley, Jeff Koons, Haim Steinbach, Sherrie Levine, Ashley Bickerton, and Richard Prince, who "shared a focus on the role of technology in postmodern society and rejected nature as a touchstone of meaning." (Bob Nickas, Dan Cameron, and the curatorial team Tricia Collins and Richard Milazzo were curators and critics associated with this scene.) These artists used irony and pastiche to subvert and comment upon structural issues of the time; they drew from Conceptual Art to create "paintings and sculptures that operated as a set of pictorial signs referencing artists and moments in postwar art history," expanding their boundaries as artists to also encompass the theoretical discourse around the art objects themselves.
Halley staged solo projects at PS122 Gallery in 1980 and at the East Village bar Beulah Land in 1984. In 1983 he organized a show at the John Weber Gallery, "Science Fiction", which included, among others, Jeff Koons as well as Ross Bleckner, Richard Prince, Taro Suzuki, Robert Smithson, and Donald Judd, the latter of whom had been an influence on Halley. Alison Pearlman described the relevance and influence of the show, writing:The gallery presentation dramatized a pop-futuristic sensibility. To begin, the space was painted entirely black. Because many of the works incorporated geometric shapes, Plexiglas and lights, some flashing or rotating, the total effect was crystalline like a "Star Trek" idea of Peter Halley, Jeff Koons, and the Art at Marketing ... This high-tech sensibility has been common in popular science fiction as well as fashion, music, and other consumer products made to look geometricizing, streamlined, synthetic, or otherwise ultra-urban. The aesthetic coincides with actual fashions of the early 1980s.
Halley's first larger one-person exhibition came in 1985 at International with Monument, a gallery at the heart of the East Village scene run by Meyer Vaisman, Kent Klamen, and Elizabeth Koury, who had all met at the Parsons School of Design. Around this time, Halley introduced Jeff Koons to Vaisman, and Koons subsequently exhibited at International with Monument as well.
In October 1986, Vaisman organized a group show at New York's more established Sonnabend Gallery that featured work by Halley, Ashley Bickerton, Jeff Koons, and Vaisman himself. Embodying the intellectual style that had been established by International with Monument, the show marked a departure from the painterly style of Neo-Expressionism, the dominant style in New York's art scene of the earlier 1980s. The exhibition at Sonnabend received popular and critical attention, and the four artists became identified on a wider scale with the labels "Neo-Geo" and "Neo-Conceptualism." In New York magazine Kay Larson called the artists "Masters of Hype," while in the same magazine a month earlier, Paul Taylor had dubbed them "The Hot Four" and called Halley the "intellectual of the group." Roberta Smith wrote in the "New York Times" that "Halley's geometric abstractions suggest diagrams of battery cells with conduits or prison cells with barred windows (that is, electrical or social systems), while their powerful fluorescent colors come from somewhere beyond art."
Writing.
As he began his art career, Halley became interested in the French Post-Structuralist writers, including Michel Foucault, Roland Barthes, Paul Virilio, and Jean Baudrillard, many of whose works were translated into English in the late 1970s and early 1980s and were being discussed among New York intellectuals. The ideas of the French writers informed Halley's use of synthetic colors and materials in his painting, and also the writing that he began to produce around the same time. "The modernism I grew up with was that it was spiritual," Halley said, "it was about a kind of purity and Emersonian transcendentalism ... Feeling less and less comfortable with that, I decided that for me modernism was really about skepticism, doubt, and questioning. Things that we now say are part of a postmodern sensibility."
Halley put forth such ideas on modernism, postmodernism, culture, and the digital revolution—derived in part from Foucault, Baudrillard, and others, and with a neo-Marxist slant—in his numerous writings. He published his first essay "Beat, Minimalism, New Wave, and Robert Smithson" in 1981 in "Arts Magazine", a New York-based publication that published seven more of his essays throughout that decade. In his essays, published from the 1980s to early 2000s, Halley makes reference to the shifting relationship between the individual and larger social structures, and how artists of his generation responded to the emerging social, economic, and cultural conditions of the 1980s and 1990s. Halley highlighted the various roles of new wave music, Cold War cultural politics, and the increased digitization of experience brought about by computers and video games. Additionally, he provided a critical overview of contemporary art during this period through examining a range of sources including the social theories of José Ortega y Gasset, Norbert Elias, and Richard Sennett.
Artwork from the 1990s to the present.
Following the 1986 exhibition at Sonnabend Gallery, Halley had many more exhibitions in Europe and the United States, including his first museum survey, "Peter Halley: Recent Paintings," at the Museum Haus Esters in Krefeld, Germany, in 1989. In 1991–1992, CAPC Musee d'Art Contemporain, Bordeaux, staged an extensive retrospective of Halley's work that traveled to FAE Musee d'art Contemporain, Lausanne, Switzerland; the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofia, Madrid; and the Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam.
In the 1990s, in response to the changes in communications and media caused by the digital revolution, Halley adapted his visual language to the effects of the digital revolution in the 1990s. The "conduits" that marked his painting began to multiply and increase in complexity, and he began to add pearlescent and metallic paints to his Day-Glo color palette of the 1980s. "My earlier paintings were rational, diagrammatic, and logical," he said in a 1995 interview with Flash Art, explaining the difference between his '80s and subsequent outputs. "Then I made a break around 1990, and since then they've become really exaggerated, almost parodic; and they aren't analytical at all. In any case, I don't see a great formal break in the '90s, although there is a psychological break." Around 1990 Halley began producing bas-reliefs, many of them hollow and constructed from fiberglass. Soon after, he began experimenting with digital printing and web-based art.
In 1993, Halley created "Superdream Mutation", a digital print available for viewing and downloading on the web bulletin board-style platform The Thing. The piece, a monochrome image, was distributed as a GIF—and is considered to be the first artwork exclusively available for online viewing and sale (for twenty dollars). Regarding this work, Halley highlighted his thought process and the way in which the digital work related to his painting: "I set up the matrix and the person has certain choices within it. It's also based on a Jasper Johns print edition from the mid-sixties, in which there was a line drawing of a target, and a little box of water colors. It was a kit. Another factor for the Web project was my skepticism about the notion of 'interactivity' on the computer. Most decisions are choices between two paths; binary decisions are the only possible ones with computers. So I wanted to do something in which the choices were very mechanistic." Halley did another online project called "Exploding Cell" with the Museum of Modern Art, New York, on the occasion of his 1997 exhibition "New Concepts in Printmaking 1: Peter Halley", a one-person show that highlighted Halley's print and installation practices. "Exploding Cell" was published online at the time and is still available to the public. Glenn Lowry, director of the museum, has stated that this was MoMA's first digital acquisition.
Throughout the twenty-first century, Halley has continued to employ his iconic "cells," "prisons" and "conduits" in his painting, as his primary subject remains the organization of social space. But, Halley explained in 2011, "the nature of the social space we live in has changed immensely in the last thirty years since my project began. When I started my work in the '80s, the limits of communications technology were the telephone, the fax machine, and cable television. In a very short time, we've gone from the era of limited, linear communications to the epoch of the web, Google, and Facebook."
Digital prints and installations.
In the mid-1990s, Halley started to produce site-specific installations for museums, galleries, and public spaces that would interact with the surrounding architecture. Halley began using Adobe Illustrator as a means of developing his compositions. He also began to explore printmaking, using a variety of techniques including silkscreen, digital, and inkjet printing. In his prints, Halley often includes comic book imagery as well as a new motif of explosions and exploding cells, often made through printing images from the computer.
His installations mix imagery and media such as painting, fiberglass relief sculpture, wall-size flowcharts, and digitally generated wallpaper. Halley created his first site-specific installation at the Dallas Museum of Art; this installation included paintings, silkscreen prints, wallpaper, and murals of flow charts and other images. 
Other notable installations include at Museum Folkwang, Essen, in 1999, and Disjecta, Portland, in 2012, as well as "Judgment Day," an installation of digital prints for the exhibition, Personal Structures, at the 54th Venice Biennale in 2011. In 2016, he exhibited "The Schirn Ring", a large, multi-part installation at Schirn Kunsthalle, Frankfurt, Germany.
Halley has created several permanent works in public spaces. In 2002, Halley was commissioned by architects Abalos and Herreros for their recently completed public library in a working-class neighborhood populated by university students in the district of Usera, in Madrid. The architects wanted to cover the interior walls with text imagery and invited Halley to undertake the project. Halley designed wall murals using the text from Jorge Luis Borges’ story, La Biblioteca de Babel. He digitally mutated the text until it achieved a look he describes as ‘futuristic Arabic typography.’ Halley was fascinated by how Borges’ text, though written in European letters, gained the aspect of Arab calligraphy, referencing the Moorish rule in Spain that ended four hundred and fifty years ago. In 2005, he was commissioned to make a 17-by-40-foot painting consisting of a grid of eight individual panels, for the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, Texas. Three years later, in 2008, he completed a permanent installation of digital prints extending over five floors for the Gallatin School of Individualized Study at New York University. In 2018, Halley had a show of paintings at the Lever House on Park Avenue in New York City. The show included paintings with fluorescent geometric forms, in canvases that were not square, but which had rectilinear outlines. The show also included an installation of Halley's "exploding cells". Halley created an installation for the show in the exterior-facing windows of the Lever House, in which the light exuding from the windows was tinted fluorescent chartreuse. The installation included a dance piece by Jessie Gold of Movement Research, in which dancers in the exterior-facing windows performed for an audience below.
Halley's longstanding interest in design has led to collaborative installations with international designers, creating a compelling dialogue between fine art and design. In 2007 he collaborated with French designer Matali Crasset on an installation at Galerie Thaddaeus Ropac, Paris, France; and with Italian architect Alessandro Mendini at Galleria Massimo Minini, Brescia, Italy, and at Mary Boone Gallery, New York.
"Index Magazine".
In 1996, Halley and Bob Nickas, a curator and writer, co-founded "index", a magazine inspired by Andy Warhol's "Interview" that featured interviews with people in various creative fields. Halley ran index from his New York studio. The magazine often employed rising photographers like Juergen Teller, Terry Richardson, Wolfgang Tillmans, and Ryan McGinley, and ran interviews with artists of diverse media like Björk, Brian Eno, Marc Jacobs, Agnes b., Diamanda Galas, Harmony Korine, and Scarlett Johansson. Halley stopped production of "index" in 2005. In 2014, Rizzoli published "Index A to Z: Art, Design, Fashion, Film, and Music in the Indie Era", which documents the magazine's run as well as that era's cultural movements.
Teaching.
Halley has taught and lectured at universities continuously throughout his career, both in the United States and abroad, including the Ludwig Maximilian University in Munich, Ecole Nationale Superieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris, Akademie der Bildenden Kunst in Vienna, Harvard University, and Hunter College of Art. In the late 1990s Halley taught in the graduate art programs at Columbia University, UCLA, and Yale University. From 2002 to 2011, he served as director of graduate studies for painting and printmaking at the Yale School of Art. Three of Halley's former students, Njideka Akunyili Crosby, Titus Kaphar, and Mary Reid Kelly, have received MacArthur Fellowships. 
From 2010 to 2011, he was appointed as an endowed chair, the Leffingwell Professor of Painting, at the Yale University School of Art.
Personal life.
Halley has been married twice. Both of which have ended in divorce. He has two children, Isabel Halley, a ceramicist, and Thomas Halley, a pre-school teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="7015752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015752" title="Orenda Iroquois">
Orenda Iroquois

The Orenda PS.13 Iroquois was an advanced turbojet engine designed for military use. It was developed by the Canadian aircraft engine manufacturer Orenda Engines, a part of the Avro Canada group. Intended for the CF-105 Arrow interceptor, development was cancelled, along with the Arrow, in 1959.
Design history.
For the CF-105 Arrow project, Avro Canada had originally intended to use one of three different engines, all UK designs: Rolls-Royce RB.106, the Bristol B.0L.4 "Olympus", or a license-built version of the Olympus, the Curtiss-Wright J67. The RB.106 and J67 were selected as the primary and backup engines for the new design. However, both the RB.106 and J67 were cancelled during the Arrow's design phase, too far into the program to select the Olympus. Orenda Engines quickly responded with the PS.13 Iroquois design.
In overall design terms, the PS.13 was similar to the RB.106, using a "two-spool" layout with low-pressure and high-pressure sections of the compressor for added efficiency. It differed slightly in being somewhat more powerful, especially in afterburner. The design also incorporated a number of new design features intended to improve simplicity and lightness. With this in mind, Orenda pioneered work in the use of titanium in engines, with 20% by weight of the Iroquois (mainly the compressor rotor blades) consisting of this metal. Titanium has light weight, high strength and good temperature and corrosion resistance. It was estimated that the engine would be lighter than if steel had been used. During the early 1950s, this material was in short supply, and the lack of knowledge of its physical properties and fabrication techniques created problems which had to be overcome. It was also very expensive relative to the more common materials such as steel and aluminum.
It was recognized that if the engine parts could be designed with titanium, then the supporting structure could also be lightened due to reduced forces within the engine, with an overall saving in weight. Other parts, such as gearbox casings were made with a magnesium alloy. Inconel was used to make the blades in the low pressure turbine assembly and the metal insulation blanket found at the rear of the engine. This heat resistant nickel-chrome alloy retains its strength at high temperatures and resists oxidation and corrosion. The primary reason for using these advanced metals was to save weight and improve performance, creating an engine with a 5:1 thrust to weight ratio that could produce a sea level dry thrust of 19,250 lb (26,000 lb with afterburner).
Testing.
Wind tunnel tests demonstrated the engine's successful operation under sustained high inlet temperatures, and the ability to make normal relights up to , the limit of the wind tunnel in which the tests were conducted. By 1958, the Iroquois had completed more than 5,000 hours of ground running, and many thousands of hours had also been spent testing the engines' principal components, at the Orenda testing facilities at Nobel, near Parry Sound, Ontario.
In 1956, an American Boeing B-47 Stratojet was loaned to the RCAF to flight test the Iroquois for use in the CF-105. Canadair, the sub-contractor, attached an Iroquois to the right side of the bomber's rear fuselage, near the tail, simply because there was no other place to mount it. Designated CL-52 by Canadair, it was a nightmare to fly, since the thrust was asymmetrical; this created great problems for flight control. After the Arrow project was cancelled, the B-47B/CL-52, which had logged about 35 hours of engine flight tests, was returned to the U.S and subsequently scrapped. The CL-52 was the only B-47 used by any foreign service.
The program was cancelled, along with the Arrow, on 20 February 1959.
Surviving examples.
The Canada Aviation and Space Museum in Ottawa houses the nose and cockpit section of Arrow RL 206, along with various wing and fuselage components, and a complete Iroquois-2 engine, Serial Number 117. An example of an Iroquois-1 engine is found at the Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum in Mount Hope, near Hamilton, Ontario. Another Iroquois-2 engine Serial Number 116 is owned by a private collector in Fort St. John, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="7015754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015754" title="Čepkeliai wetland">
Čepkeliai wetland



</doc>
<doc id="7015756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015756" title="Čepkeliai swamps">
Čepkeliai swamps



</doc>
<doc id="7015757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015757" title="Tarek Boukensa">
Tarek Boukensa

Tarek Boukensa () (born 19 November 1981 in Annaba) is an Algerian runner, who specializes in the 1500 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="7015759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015759" title="Seaforth Highlanders (Ross-shire Buffs, The Duke of Albany's)">
Seaforth Highlanders (Ross-shire Buffs, The Duke of Albany's)



</doc>
<doc id="7015763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015763" title="Hardy's inequality">
Hardy's inequality

Hardy's inequality is an inequality in mathematics, named after G. H. Hardy. 
Its discrete version states that if formula_1 is a sequence of non-negative real numbers, then for every real number "p" &gt; 1 one has
If the right-hand side is finite, equality holds if and only if formula_3 for all "n".
An integral version of Hardy's inequality states the following: if "f" is a measurable function with non-negative values, then
If the right-hand side is finite, equality holds if and only if "f"("x") = 0 almost everywhere.
Hardy's inequality was first published and proved (at least the discrete version with a worse constant) in 1920 in a note by Hardy. The original formulation was in an integral form slightly different from the above.
Statements.
General discrete Hardy inequality.
The general weighted one dimensional version reads as follows:
if formula_5, formula_6 and formula_7,
General one-dimensional integral Hardy inequality.
The general weighted one dimensional version reads as follows:
Multidimensional Hardy inequalities with gradient.
Multidimensional Hardy inequality around a point.
In the multidimensional case, Hardy's inequality can be extended to formula_13-spaces, taking the form 
where formula_15, and where the constant formula_16 is known to be sharp; by density it extends then to the Sobolev space formula_17.
Similarly, if formula_18, then one has for every formula_15
or
According to Young's inequality we have:
from which it follows that:
By telescoping we have:
proving . 
Applying Hölder's inequality to the right-hand side of we have:
from which we immediately obtain:
Letting formula_31 we obtain Hardy's inequality.

</doc>
<doc id="7015767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015767" title="Latimeriidae">
Latimeriidae

Latimeriidae is the only extant family of coelacanths, an ancient lineage of lobe-finned fish. It contains two extant species in the genus "Latimeria", found in deep waters off the coasts of southern Africa and east-central Indonesia. In addition, several fossil genera are known from the Mesozoic of Europe, the Middle East, and the southeastern United States, dating back to the Triassic.
The latimeriids are thought to have always been an exclusively marine group. They may have originated in the western Tethys Sea, as many of the earliest species are known from areas that it formerly covered. The largest known member of the family, the Late Cretaceous "Megalocoelacanthus", may have reached 4.5 metres in length. The Latimeriidae are thought to be the sister group to the Mawsoniidae, an extinct family of coelacanths that survived until the Late Cretaceous, inhabited both freshwater and marine habitats, and contained some very large species. Together, both comprise the suborder Latimerioidei.
Cladogram after Toriño "et al"., 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="7015768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015768" title="Chain of Lakes (Minneapolis)">
Chain of Lakes (Minneapolis)



</doc>
<doc id="7015770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015770" title="Freddy Shaughnessy">
Freddy Shaughnessy



</doc>
<doc id="7015772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015772" title="Drink the Water">
Drink the Water

"Drink the Water" is a song recorded by Jack Johnson on the album "Brushfire Fairytales" released on February 1, 2001 under the Universal label.
The song was inspired by a surfing accident where Jack Johnson wiped out and nearly drowned after hitting an underwater reef on a fall and cutting his head. 

</doc>
<doc id="7015773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015773" title="Freddie Shaughnessy">
Freddie Shaughnessy



</doc>
<doc id="7015778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015778" title="Meaning of Life (Disturbed song)">
Meaning of Life (Disturbed song)



</doc>
<doc id="7015780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015780" title="Seaforth Highlanders (Duke of Albany's/Ross-shire Buffs)">
Seaforth Highlanders (Duke of Albany's/Ross-shire Buffs)



</doc>
<doc id="7015787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015787" title="Akeelah And The Bee">
Akeelah And The Bee



</doc>
<doc id="7015790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015790" title="List of ship commissionings in 2002">
List of ship commissionings in 2002

The list of ship commissionings in 2002 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="7015791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015791" title="Tyle Mill Lock">
Tyle Mill Lock

Tyle Mill Lock () is a lock situated near Tyle Mill and the village of Sulhamstead on the Kennet and Avon Canal, England.
Tyle Mill Lock was built between 1718 and 1723 under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury, and this stretch of the river is now administered by the Canal &amp; River Trust as part of the Kennet Navigation. It has a change in level of .
The lock became derelict in the 1950s and then formed the head of the navigation from the River Thames. As a result, British Waterways created a winding hole and installed a sanitary station in the old pillbox below the lock. It was restored in 1973 but remained out of commission until 1976 when work on locks further west had been completed.
Close to the lock are a wharf and swing bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="7015793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015793" title="Elkanah Onkware Angwenyi">
Elkanah Onkware Angwenyi



</doc>
<doc id="7015794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015794" title="Zelda Spellman">
Zelda Spellman

Zelda Phiona Spellman is a character featured in the Archie comic book "Sabrina the Teenage Witch". Zelda is a full witch (as opposed to half or fully mortal) who lives in the fictional town of Greendale (in the 1990s live-action sitcom, Zelda lives in fictional Westbridge, Massachusetts). Zelda lives with her niece Sabrina Spellman, her sister Hilda Spellman, and the family cat Salem Saberhagen, a former witch turned into a cat as punishment for his attempt at world domination.
History and character.
Aunt Zelda first appeared in "Archie's Mad House" #65 (December 1968). In the original comics, Zelda was short and stout with green hair. Unlike her temperamental sister Hilda, Zelda's personality was helpful and good-natured.
Starting in the late 1990s, Zelda (and Hilda)'s appearances and personalities were revamped to make her more contemporary (as well as match the live-action sitcom's take on the character). In modern stories, Zelda has her trademark green hair, but appears to be only physically a few years older than Sabrina and dresses in modern fashions.
In other media.
"Sabrina the Teenage Witch" (live-action sitcom).
In the sitcom, Zelda was blonde and a down-to-earth scientist who tries to keep Sabrina and Hilda out of trouble. As a stark contrast to early comic portrayals, she plays a more prominent role than Hilda and insists that Sabrina only use her magic for good. As a witch, her magical abilities often manifested as a stream of violet magical particles (similar to Sabrina's golden red magical sparkles) whenever she would transfigure an object or being, conjure an object or teleport herself from one place to another. She is more of an authority figure and is often strict with Sabrina. She punishes Sabrina for her actions, but is more lenient than the Witches' Council would be. She also has a body in suspended animation, which is why she and Hilda never age. Sometimes she acts more like a minor antagonist in the series.
Childhood.
Zelda P. Spellman was born in 1346. Zelda grew up during the 14th century in Europe, with at least five other siblings: Vesta, being the oldest; Edward, Hilda and Sophia, the youngest.
Vesta was terribly jealous of all the attention that Hilda and Zelda got when they were little. So, she turned her parents into pigs and wouldn't turn them back until her parents sent Hilda and Zelda away to be adopted.
While the children were living in the farm house the parents stayed in the barn. Their father was "getting very good at working an instamatic with his snout". When their mother head-butted Vesta about a month later, they were turned back into humans. In order to legally get Hilda and Zelda back, they had to adopt them.
Their overbearing mother, Grandma Lydia, spent 200 years of violin lessons on Hilda, while Zelda won trophies, "Winner of the Other Realm Science Fair", "Outstanding Student of the Decade" and "Best of the Best".
Adulthood.
As Zelda reached adulthood, she went off to college. Zelda attended Other Realm University and subsequently went on to pursue three advanced degrees from Harvard University, graduating in 1873. When it became apparent that she would lose her job as associate professor unless she obtained a more recent degree, she completed a doctoral thesis in two weeks and earned a fourth PhD from Adams College.
Zelda, during the Renaissance, lived in Florence and met a man named Benvolio. Though her father disliked Benvolio, Zelda married Benvolio anyway, though their marriage only lasted three days. At some point, Zelda woke her Aunt Dorma up and was turned into a porch swing.
Both sisters bounced from one job to another over the centuries while trying to find what they wanted to do. Zelda worked as a coal miner when she lived in Wales, rating this as her worst job. During the early 19th century, Hilda and Zelda worked together at a saloon. They were run out of town, but fortunately found a way to maintain some financial security: junk. In the early 1990s, before Sabrina came to live with Hilda and Zelda, they had manservants, spent late nights on the town, weekends in Tuscany, took part in Formula One racing, and originally had a disco on the second floor of their house.
When Sabrina officially moved in with her aunts, Zelda took on the role of the disciplinarian - though she was always helpful with teaching Sabrina new spells. Zelda eventually acquired a "Labtop," which allowed her to work on various magical experiments throughout the series. She also struck up a romance with Sabrina's vice principal Willard Kraft - who had previously been seeing Hilda. As a result, Hilda initially was very nosy and meddled in their relationship. Zelda affectionately nicknamed Willard her "monkey" while he called her "Zuzu" in response. Their relationship lasted two years and ended as Sabrina was graduating.
Zelda was offered a job at Adams College where Sabrina had opted to attend. She taught a physics class although Sabrina never took it. During this time she became involved with Sabrina's English professor Arthur Carlon - leading to Sabrina fretting that this would unfairly affect her grades. They stayed together for roughly a year. During this time, Zelda became jealous of Hilda's relationship with the college president Wayne Banning (though not romantically).
Sabrina and Zelda attempted to break up Hilda and her new fiancée Will but then discovered that the two really were destined to be together - when they separated Hilda turned to stone and shattered. In order to save her, Sabrina gave up her own true love. When Sabrina turned to stone and shattered, she reformed a few minutes later. Zelda then revealed that she had given up her adult years in order to save Sabrina. She then moved out of the house so Sabrina's friends Roxie and Morgan could move in. She later appeared at Sabrina's wedding to Aaron though not in human form. In exchange for allowing Sabrina's mother to appear without being turned into a ball of wax, the Witches Council ordered an exchange. And Hilda volunteered Zelda, turning her into a candle for the duration of the wedding.
Filmation animated series.
Zelda's first non-comics appearance was on the 1969-70 Filmation animated series "The Archie Comedy Hour". Zelda was similar to her then-current comics portrayal, with a typical "witch" appearance and attire, as well as her good-natured personality. Unlike Hilda, Zelda's voice was much more soft-spoken. Zelda was voiced by Jane Webb.
DIC animated series.
Zelda appears as a character in both "" and "Sabrina's Secret Life". Melissa Joan Hart provided her voice in the first series while in the second series she is voiced by Bettina Bush. Zelda appeared radically different from her comic book appearances; here, she's depicted with strawberry blonde hair. Zelda had the same basic personality as in the live-action sitcom. She is depicted as a teenager (instead of the usual middle-aged adult), despite being the same age as in other media (hundreds of years old). It is mentioned in passing that she and Hilda have temporally been changed into teenagers by head witch Enchantra as punishment for minor crimes, but the situation is never fully explained. In "Sabrina, the Animated Series" both attend high school and are not considered legal adults in the mortal world, which is why Sabrina's maternal great-uncle Quigley (an original character created for the series) lives with them. Unlike in live action series, In Uncle Quigley is the authority figure and head of the household. "Sabrina's Secret Life" (set two years later), Hilda and Zelda are out of school and able to run the household (and Uncle Quigley is no longer in the cast). They still act more like teenagers than adults
"Secrets of a Teenage Witch".
Zelda appears in the animated series "", voiced by Erin Mathews. Here she and Hilda run a bakery, and again look after Sabrina. In this series Zelda looks more like her sister did in the early comics, but with blonde hair similar to Sabrina's. But she is not strict or an authority figure in the series.
"Chilling Adventures of Sabrina" series.
Zelda (Zelda Fiona Spellman) is played by Miranda Otto in the Netflix series "Chilling Adventures of Sabrina". Zelda is the more rigid of the two sisters, sometimes clashing with Hilda and Sabrina, however her filial affection overrules all other feelings.

</doc>
<doc id="7015797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015797" title="Hilda Spellman">
Hilda Spellman

Hildegarde Antoinette "Hilda" Spellman is a character featured in the Archie comic book "Sabrina the Teenage Witch". Hilda is a full witch (as opposed to half or fully mortal) who lives in the fictional town of Greendale (in the 1990s live-action sitcom, Hilda lives in fictional Westbridge, Massachusetts). Hilda lives with her niece Sabrina Spellman, her sister Zelda Spellman, and the family cat Salem, a former witch turned into a cat as punishment for his attempt at world domination.
History and character.
Hilda was believed to be born in the year 1397. She was debuted as "Hilda the Witch" in "Archie's Mad House" #19 (June 1962) as an ugly witch with dark hair and green skin. She was featured throughout the series in solo stories, as well as the "host" of the comic book (in a role similar to the Crypt-Keeper from the "Tales from the Crypt" comic book series). During her early appearances in "Archie's Mad House", she was not connected to the Sabrina stories. However, a prototype of the "Aunt Hilda" character named "Greta the Fairy Witch Mother" (who debuted in "Archie's Mad House" #28 and was similar in physical appearance to Hilda the Witch) appeared in early Sabrina stories. Eventually, Hilda the Witch and Greta the Fairy Witch Mother evolved into the Aunt Hilda character in "Archie's Mad House" #37 (although the Greta character reappeared one last time in "Archie's Mad House" #45).
Upon becoming Aunt Hilda, the character was depicted as a tall and thin Caucasian woman with red hair. She tended to be short-tempered and more prone to acting like an evil witch. She was the more prominent of Sabrina's two aunts, appearing in more stories than Zelda. In one story, she was stated to be seven hundred years old, although in one episode of the live action series she claims to be six hundred and twelve years old. Hilda's wardrobe was that of a traditional/stereotypical witch.
Starting in the late 1990s, Hilda's (and Zelda)'s appearances and personalities were revamped to make her more contemporary (as well as match the live-action sitcom's take on the character). In modern stories, Hilda has her trademark orange hair, but appears to physically be only a few years older than Sabrina and dresses in modern fashions.
In other media.
"Sabrina the Teenage Witch" (sitcom).
Hilda (a blonde in the series, whose full name is revealed to be Hildegarde Antoinette Spellman) is portrayed as less pragmatic than her sister Zelda, often doing things on a whim (such as buying a clock shop or running for political office). Though these endeavors rarely come to fruition. She is far more lenient and fun-loving than Zelda, and is usually tolerant of Sabrina's schemes and mistakes, having gotten into many mishaps in her own youth.
As a witch, Hilda's magical abilities often manifested as a puff of smoke, and was accompanied by a "bong" sound (as opposed to Zelda Spellman's stream of violet sparkles or Sabrina Spellman's orange sparkles.) Hilda was portrayed by actress Caroline Rhea.
Childhood.
Hilda grew up with at least five siblings: Vesta being the oldest; Edward, Della, Sophia, the youngest, and her sister Zelda whom she lives with.
Vesta was terribly jealous of all the attention that Hilda and Zelda got when they were little. So, she turned their parents into pigs. The Witches Council decided that people with pigs feet could not raise children and so when Vesta refused to turn them back Hilda and Zelda were adopted out to a family in the country.
While the children were living in the farm house the parents stayed in the barn. Their father was "getting very good at working an Instamatic with his snout". When their mother headbutted Vesta about a month later, they were turned back into humans. In order to legally get Hilda and Zelda back, they had to adopt them.
Their overbearing mother, Grandma Lydia, spent 200 years of violin lessons on Hilda. The first thing little Hilda ever zapped was a little clay horse.
Adulthood.
As Hilda reached adulthood she went off to college. Hilda went to Clown College and her roommate was Bobo, a monkey. Hilda graduated magna cum seltzer.
When Hilda was 48 she had her first kiss, and was later engaged to Drell- the wedding took place at the Acropolis. Drell stood Hilda up at the altar, causing an infuriated Hilda to destroy the Acropolis, although history later blamed the Turks.
Hilda bounced from one job to another over the centuries while trying to find what she wanted to do. Her jobs included being a blacksmith and donkey walker, in addition to deep sea fishing, which she rated as being her worst job. During the early 19th century, Hilda and Zelda worked together at a saloon before eventually being run out of town, but they found a way to maintain some financial security: junk. During the early 1970s, Hilda went to work for Salem Saberhagen as his secretary. Salem was found out by the Witch's Council, and as punishment was turned into a witch-familiar as a cat; Hilda was forced to keep him worm-free for a century, but she was pardoned at the end of Season Five. But she still keeps Salem. In the early 1990s, before Sabrina came to live with Hilda and Zelda, they had manservants, spent late nights on the town, weekends in Tuscany, took part in Formula One racing, and originally had a disco on the second floor of their house. They decided to turn it into a normal household.
In the season 6 finale Hilda meets her true love; Will, the train conductor from the episode "Murder on the Halloween Express". They decide to get married in the finale when Hilda meets him at an Other Realm mall. Zelda and Sabrina, thinking the relationship is just a rebound and a huge mistake, break Hilda and Will up. When Will leaves, Hilda turns to stone, meaning Will was indeed her true love. Realizing this, Sabrina barters her love life for Hilda, causing Josh and Harvey to walk out on her. Zelda, however, trades her years of experience for Sabrina, and it is assumed she travels to the other Realm with Will and Hilda.
Filmation animated series.
Hilda's first non-comics appearance was on the 1969–70 Filmation animated series "The Archie Comedy Hour". Hilda was similar to her then-current comics portrayal, with a typical "witch" appearance and attire, as well as disapproval of Sabrina doing good deeds, and thus (as ordered by Della the Head Witch) was always trying to get her to do bad deeds (like all the other witches). Hilda also had a typical "witch" cackle. Hilda was voiced by Jane Webb.
DIC animated series.
Hilda appears as a character in both "" and "Sabrina's Secret Life". Melissa Joan Hart provided her voice in the first series while in the second series she is voiced by Moneca Stori. Hilda appeared radically different from her comic book appearances; here, she is depicted as a brunette with an olive complexion. Hilda had the same basic personality as in the live-action sitcom. She is depicted as a teenager (instead of the usual middle-aged adult), despite being the same age as in other media (hundreds of years old). It is mentioned in passing that she and Zelda have temporally been changed into their mind into a teenage mind by head witch Enchantra as punishment for minor crimes, but the situation is never fully explained. In "Sabrina: The Animated Series" both attend high school and are not considered legal adults in the mortal world, which is why Sabrina's maternal great-uncle Quigley (an original character created for the series) lives with them.
"Secrets of a Teenage Witch".
Hilda appeared in the animated series "", voiced by Tabitha St. Germain. Here, she and Zelda run a bakery and again look after Sabrina. In this series, Hilda looks more like her sister did in the early comics, but with blonde hair similar to Sabrina's.
"Chilling Adventures of Sabrina".
Hilda appears in the Netflix series "Chilling Adventures of Sabrina", based on the eponymous comic. She is played by Lucy Davis. Retaining her full name from "Sabrina the Teenage Witch", Hildegarde Antoinette Spellman.
Hilda has an English accent and is referred to in several episodes as British or coming from England. The details of how she arrived in America are unclear. Hilda is a member of the Church of Night, a powerful coven of Satanic witches. In keeping with earlier appearances, Hilda is the easier-going of the sisters, although she is portrayed as something of a mother hen rather than a prankster. She is also less devoted to the witches’ religion than Zelda. She is nonetheless a very knowledgeable and powerful witch, easily holding her own against rival witches and demons alike.

</doc>
<doc id="7015801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015801" title="The Reaping (audio drama)">
The Reaping (audio drama)



</doc>
<doc id="7015806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015806" title="Gillian Tindall">
Gillian Tindall

Gillian Elizabeth Tindall (born 4 May 1938) is a British writer and historian. Among her books are "City of Gold: The Biography of Bombay" (1992) and "Celestine: Voices from a French Village" (1997). Her novel "Fly Away Home" won the Somerset Maugham Award in 1972. From the 1960s to the early 1990s, Tindall worked as a journalist, writing stories for "The Guardian", the "Evening Standard", "The Times", and "The Independent" – and for many years she was a regular guest on the BBC Radio 3 arts discussion programme, "Critics' Forum". Since 1963 she has lived in Kentish Town, North London.
Family and education.
Tindall's mother, Ursula Orange, was a novelist in the 1930s and 1940s. Ursula's father was Hugh William Orange, who received a knighthood for contributions to education in India. Hugh's father was physician William Orange, second superintendent of Broadmoor Hospital.
Gillian Tindall was born in Park Village East in Regent's Park. She was educated at Manor House School in Limpsfield; she wrote about the building's history in "Three Houses, Many Lives" (2012). She was unhappy at the school and felt "sickening dread" passing the building as an adult; "it figured in incidental ways in the novels and short stories that I wrote".
Career.
Beginning as a writer of fiction, she made her initial move into non-fiction with a biography of the "fin de siècle" novelist George Gissing. She wrote books about Londoners as separate in time as Rosamond Lehmann, a novelist contemporary of the Bloomsbury Group, and Wenceslaus Hollar, a Czech etcher of the seventeenth century. Another of Tindall's works, "The Journey of Martin Nadaud: A Life And Turbulent Times" (1999), reconstructs the life and voyage of a 19th-century Frenchman from the Limousin region – a master stonemason-builder, who became a French political figure, revolutionary, republican Member of Parliament, and then an exile in England for eighteen years. Following this book's publication, Tindall was awarded in France the title of Chevalier of the Order of Arts and Letters.
Tindall specialised in the genre of miniaturist history (see, by way of comparison, Portrait miniature in art). Her book "The Fields Beneath" (1977) explores the history of the London neighbourhood of Kentish Town and the spread of great cities in general, and is regarded as a seminal work of urban historical geography.
Tindall's book "The House by the Thames" (2006) is about the house built at 49 Bankside in London in 1710 and the buildings that preceded it on the site. The house has served as a home for prosperous coal merchants, an office, a lodging house, and once again as a private residence in the later 20th century. It has been erroneously assumed to be where Sir Christopher Wren lived during the construction of St Paul's Cathedral; other fantasy residents of older buildings on the site include Catherine of Aragon and William Shakespeare. The house still stands, in the shadow of the Globe Theatre.
Later books by Tindall's include "Footprints in Paris: a Few Streets, a Few Lives" (2009), which deals with the author's ancestors and their various connections to Paris over the generations; "The Tunnel Through Time: A New Route For An Old London Journey" (2016), which explores the layers of history that lie beneath the route of London's newest underground line, Crossrail; and "The Pulse Glass and the Beat of Other Hearts" (2019), a reflection on the links that exist between valued objects and human memories.

</doc>
<doc id="7015813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015813" title="Lenny (song)">
Lenny (song)



</doc>
<doc id="7015814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015814" title="Soo Kui Jien">
Soo Kui Jien

Soo Kui Jien (; born 31 August 1972), is a Malaysian television personality.
Biography.
Better known as "Handsome Jien", Jien got his big break when he became a host on the Disney Channel in 1997. He has worked as an emcee and host on television in Hong Kong, Manila, Singapore and Malaysia. He has also acted in a few TV series shown on Singapore and Malaysian TV channels. Jien is based between Kuala Lumpur and ESPN’s studio in Singapore. He was the host of the television show "Malaysian Idol", and also the first Asian Idol held in Indonesia. He is 5' 9" tall.
He also regularly appears on sports programmes for ESPN or ESPN Star Sports. These programmes include "Nokia Football Crazy" and Top Corner.
Soo married Channel [V] VJ Sarah Tan on 21 December 2007. In April 2008, his wife gave birth to a son named Dylan Robert Soo. In 2014 they welcomed a pair of twins, a boy and a girl.

</doc>
<doc id="7015816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015816" title="Joey Gjertsen">
Joey Gjertsen

Joey Gjertsen (born June 13, 1982) is an American professional soccer player.
Career.
College.
Gjertsen started his college soccer at Tacoma Community College where he produced 31 goals and a school record 14 assists in his freshman campaign. He then transferred to Yavapai College where he won a NJCAA national championship. Transferring once again, he enjoyed a successful two-year career at The Evergreen State College, earning All-American honors, All-Region Team and Region I Player of the year honors in 2004. He was named as the Conference Player of the Year, as he led the league with 27 goals in 2003. It was during that same season that he once scored 5 goals and an assist in one game, as well as hitting three consecutive hat-tricks. At Evergreen, Gjertsen holds the record with 54 career goals after spending only two of his four years at the college.
Professional.
Gjertsen found instant professional success after signing with Vancouver Whitecaps in 2005. He was named Team Rookie of the Year, earning 27 caps (15 starts) and finding the back of the net three times. 2006 proved to be an even better year for Gjertsen, as he played in all 28 games (26 starts) and led the team in scoring with 31 points (12 goals and 7 assists). He success earned him First Team USL honors, announced in September 2006. On September 29, 2006, Gjertsen was named USL MVP at the league's championship weekend banquet in Rochester, New York. Gjertsen was instrumental in the Whitecaps' first USL-1 championship, won in 2006. His first half cross was deflected into the goal by a Rhinos defender for the first Whitecaps goal, and he assisted on another in Vancouver's 3–0 defeat of the Rochester Rhinos.
Gjertsen was traded to Montreal Impact on July 26, 2007, along with midfielder David Testo for midfielder José Roberto Gomes Santana and forward Alen Marcina. On October 24, 2007, he signed a two-year deal with the club.
He played an important role by starting all 10 games in Montreal's 2008-09 CONCACAF Champions League run, scoring in the first leg of Montreal's preliminary round tie against Real Estelí of Nicaragua, which saw Montreal through to the Group Stage. In the final Group Stage match, Gjertsen scored against Atlante F.C. of Mexico in a match which Montreal eventually lost 2–1. He added four assists during this tournament.
In the 2009 USL final, he was influential in Montreal's success, scoring the game-winning goal in the second leg of the Championship series against his former Whitecaps.
On January 20, 2010, Gjertsen signed with San Jose Earthquakes of Major League Soccer.
Gjertsen remained with San Jose through 2012, but after missing that entire season due to R. Patellar Tendon surgery he was released on November 28, 2012. Gjertsen subsequently entered the 2012 MLS Re-Entry Draft and became a free agent after going undrafted in both rounds of the draft.

</doc>
<doc id="7015819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015819" title="Elkanah Angwenyi">
Elkanah Angwenyi

Elkanah Angwenyi (born 5 February 1983 in Nyamira) is a Kenyan runner who specializes in the 1500 metres. He won the bronze medal at the 2006 World Indoor Championships.
He started running while at primary school. He was recruited by Kenya Police in 2001. In 2004 he was spotted by Hussein Makke, who became his manager and sent him to the US, where he has since competed at various road and track races.
Angwenyi is married with a son born in 2003 (as of 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="7015825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015825" title="Episcopal Conference of Italy">
Episcopal Conference of Italy

The Italian Episcopal Conference () or CEI is the episcopal conference of the Italian bishops of the Catholic Church. The conference was founded in 1971 and carries out various tasks, including setting the national liturgical norms for the Mass. Episcopal conferences receive their authority under universal law or particular mandates. Cardinal Matteo Zuppi was appointed its president by Pope Francis in 2022. 
In 1986, Pope John Paul II suppressed 101 Italian dioceses. As of 2024 there are 226 dioceses in all. As of 2024 Italy has a total of 41 dioceses united in persona episcopi, or “in the person of the bishop.” 
It is the only episcopal conference for which the pope appoints the president and secretary-general. In almost all other conferences the president is elected, while the secretary-general is elected in all others. 
At the beginning of his papacy in 2013, Pope Francis considered having the CEI membership elect its own president and secretary-general, a proposal that was once considered and abandoned by Pope John Paul II. In 2017, adopting a new procedure, the CEI members elected three candidates for president and submitted them to the pope, who was free to choose one of them or someone else.
Pope Francis repeatedly urged the CEI bishops to organize a national synod as discussed at their conference in Florence in 2015, first through surrogates and then himself inviting them to undertake a synod, eventually telling them in January 2021 that it was their duty and the time had come. The conference leadership submitted their synod proposal to him a month later. A public domain version of the Bible in Italian is published by the CEI. The conference established Italy's first national day of prayer for survivors of clerical sexual abuse on 18 November 2021.
Leadership.
Secretaries-General.
The official that deals with the day-to-day affairs of the Conference is the secretary-general.

</doc>
<doc id="7015830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015830" title="Professor Deodhar">
Professor Deodhar



</doc>
<doc id="7015833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015833" title="Lady Effingham">
Lady Effingham



</doc>
<doc id="7015838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015838" title="Eoreumgol">
Eoreumgol

Eoreumgol () or Ice Valley is a valley in Miryang, South Korea. It gets its name and its notoriety from the freezing cold found there even in midsummer. This phenomenon is believed to be due to local airflow patterns, particularly cold air emerging from underground.
The valley is situated on the slopes of Cheonhwangsan mountain, at about 600 m above sea level. It lies in Nammyeong-ri, Sannae-myeon, in northern Miryang, and covers a total area that is variously estimated at 9000 and 30000 m2. The cold water flowing from the valley has traditionally been used for drinking by nearby residents.
One of Miryang's foremost tourist attractions, Eoreumgol is served by regular buses from the city center and is key to plans for boosting local tourism. In 1970 it was designated South Korean natural monument 224 by the national Cultural Heritage Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="7015844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015844" title="Kamal Boulahfane">
Kamal Boulahfane

Kamal Boulahfane (born 1 July 1976) is a former Algerian runner, who specialized in the 1500 metres. He was born in Djimla.

</doc>
<doc id="7015850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015850" title="Madness of King George">
Madness of King George



</doc>
<doc id="7015856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015856" title="World Trade Center controlled demolition conspiracy theories">
World Trade Center controlled demolition conspiracy theories

Some conspiracy theories contend that the collapse of the World Trade Center was caused not solely by the airliner crash damage that occurred as part of the September 11 attacks and the resulting fire damage but also by explosives installed in the buildings in advance. Controlled demolition theories make up a major component of 9/11 conspiracy theories.
Early advocates such as physicist Steven E. Jones, architect Richard Gage, software engineer Jim Hoffman, and theologian David Ray Griffin proposed that the aircraft impacts and resulting fires themselves alone could not have weakened the buildings sufficiently to initiate the catastrophic collapse and that the buildings would have neither collapsed completely nor at the speeds they did without additional energy involved to weaken their structures.
The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and the magazine "Popular Mechanics" examined and rejected these theories. Specialists in structural mechanics and structural engineering accept the model of a fire-induced, gravity-driven collapse of the World Trade Center buildings, an explanation that does not involve the use of explosives. NIST "found no corroborating evidence for alternative hypotheses suggesting that the WTC towers were brought down by controlled demolition using explosives planted prior to Sept. 11, 2001." Professors Zdeněk Bažant of Northwestern University, Thomas Eagar of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and James Quintiere of the University of Maryland have also dismissed the controlled-demolition conspiracy theory.
In 2006, Jones suggested that thermite or super-thermite may have been used by government insiders with access to such materials and to the buildings themselves to demolish the buildings. In April 2009, Jones, Dane Niels H. Harrit and seven other authors published a paper in "The Open Chemical Physics Journal", causing the editor, Prof. Marie-Paule Pileni, to resign as she accused the publisher of printing it without her knowledge; this article was titled "Active Thermitic Material Discovered in Dust from the 9/11 World Trade Center Catastrophe", and stated that they had found evidence of nano-thermite in samples of the dust that was produced during the collapse of the World Trade Center towers. NIST responded that there was no "clear chain of custody" to prove that the four samples of dust came from the WTC site. Jones invited NIST to conduct its own studies using its own known "chain of custody" dust, but NIST did not investigate.
History.
The controlled demolition conspiracy theories were first suggested in September 2001. Eric Hufschmid's book, "Painful Questions: An Analysis of the September 11th Attack", in which the controlled demolition theory is explicitly advocated, was published in September 2002. David Ray Griffin and Steven E. Jones are the best known advocates of the theory. Griffin's book "The New Pearl Harbor", published in 2004, has become a reference work for the 9/11 Truth movement. In the same year, Griffin published the book "The 9/11 Commission Report: Omissions and Distortions", in which he argues that flaws in the commission's report amounts to a cover-up by government officials and says that the Bush administration was complicit in the 9/11 attacks.
Steven E. Jones has been another voice of the proponents of demolition theories. In 2006, he published the paper "Why Indeed Did the WTC Buildings Completely Collapse?". On September 7, 2006, Brigham Young University placed Jones on paid leave citing the "increasingly speculative and accusatory nature" of his statements, pending an official review of his actions. Six weeks later, Jones retired from the university. The structural engineering faculty at the university issued a statement which said that they "do not support the hypotheses of Professor Jones".
In its final report, NIST stated that it "found no corroborating evidence for alternative hypotheses suggesting that the WTC towers were brought down by controlled demolition using explosives planted prior to Sept. 11, 2001. NIST also did not find any evidence that missiles were fired at or hit the towers. Instead, photographs and videos from several angles clearly show that the collapse initiated at the fire and impact floors and that the collapse progressed from the initiating floors downward until the dust clouds obscured the view" and posted an FAQ about related issues on its website in August 2006. Allegations of controlled demolition have been found to be devoid of scientific merit by mainstream engineering scholarship. The magazine "Popular Mechanics" also found the theories lacked scientific support in its special report "Debunking the 9/11 Myths".
Articles, letters and comments by controlled demolition advocates have been published in scientific and engineering journals. In April 2008, a letter titled "Fourteen Points of Agreement with Official Government Reports on the World Trade Center Destruction," was published by Steven E. Jones, Frank Legge, Kevin Ryan, Anthony Szamboti and James Gourley in "The Open Civil Engineering Journal". A few months later, in July 2008, an article titled "Environmental anomalies at the World Trade Center: evidence for energetic materials," was published by Ryan, Gourley and Jones in "the Environmentalist." Later that same year, in October 2008, the "Journal of Engineering Mechanics" published a comment by chemical engineer and attorney James R. Gourley, in which he describes what he considered fundamental errors in a 2007 paper on the mechanics of progressive collapse by Bažant and Verdure. In the same issue, Bažant and Le rebutted Gourley's arguments, finding his criticisms scientifically incorrect. They suggested future critics should "become acquainted with the relevant material from an appropriate textbook on structural mechanics" or risk "misleading and wrongly influencing the public with incorrect information."
In April 2009, Danish chemist Niels H. Harrit, of the University of Copenhagen, and eight other authors published a paper in "The Open Chemical Physics Journal", titled, "Active Thermitic Material Discovered in Dust from the 9/11 World Trade Center Catastrophe." The paper concludes that chips consisting of unreacted and partially reacted super-thermite, or nano-thermite, appear to be present in samples of the dust. The editor in chief of the publication subsequently resigned.
Internet websites and videos have contributed to the growth of the movement of individuals supporting the theory that planted explosives destroyed the World Trade Center. The website of Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth cites the membership of over 2,400 architects and engineers. The controlled demolition theory often includes allegations that U.S. government insiders planned and / or participated in the destruction of the WTC in order to justify the invasion of Iraq and Afghanistan. The theory features prominently in popular entertainment type movies, such as "Loose Change", as well as documentaries such as "9/11: Blueprint for Truth", by San Francisco-area architect Richard Gage.
While mainstream press has a significant history of dismissing conspiracy theories (i.e., in 2006, the magazine "New York" reported that a "new generation of conspiracy theorists is at work on a secret history of New York's most terrible day."), the theory has been supported by a number of popular actors, musicians and politicians, including Charlie Sheen, Willie Nelson, former Governor of Minnesota Jesse Ventura, talkshow host Rosie O'Donnell, and actors Ed Asner and Daniel Sunjata.
Propositions and hypotheses.
Main towers.
On September 11, the North Tower (1 WTC) was hit by American Airlines Flight 11 and the South Tower (2 WTC) was hit by United Airlines Flight 175, both Boeing 767 aircraft. The South Tower collapsed 56 minutes after the impact, and the North Tower collapsed 102 minutes after. An investigation by NIST concluded that the collapse was caused by a combination of damage to support columns and fire insulation from the aircraft impacts and the weakening of columns and floors by jet fuel ignited fires. NIST also found "no corroborating evidence for alternative hypotheses suggesting that the WTC towers were brought down by controlled demolition using explosives planted prior to September 11, 2001".
Jones, among others, points to many descriptions by individuals working on the WTC rubble pile suggesting the presence of molten steel in the pile and a stream of molten metal that poured out of the South Tower before it collapsed as evidence of temperatures beyond those produced by the fire. Jones has argued that the molten metal may have been elemental iron, a product of a thermite reaction. Jones and other researchers analyzed samples of dust from the World Trade Center buildings and reported their findings for evidence of nano-thermite in the dust. Jones informed NIST of his findings and NIST responded that there was no "clear chain of custody" proving that the dust indeed came from the WTC site. Jones invited NIST to conduct its own studies with dust under custody of NIST itself, but NIST has not done so.
NIST found that the condition of the steel in the wreckage of the towers does not provide conclusive information on the condition of the building before the collapse and concluded that the material coming from the South Tower was molten aluminum from the plane, which would have melted at lower temperatures than steel. NIST also pointed out that cutting through the vertical columns would require planting an enormous amount of explosives inconspicuously in highly secured buildings, then igniting it remotely while keeping it in contact with the columns. The Energetic Materials Research and Testing Center performed a test with conventional thermite and was unable to cut a vertical column, despite the column being much smaller than those used in the World Trade Center. Jones and others have responded that they do not believe that thermite was used, but rather a form of thermite called nano-thermite, a nanoenergetic material developed for military use, propellants, explosives, or pyrotechnics. Historically, explosive applications for traditional thermites have been limited by their relatively slow energy release rates. But because nano-thermites are created from reactant particles with proximities approaching the atomic scale, energy release rates are far improved.
The NIST report provides an analysis of the structural response of the building only up to the point where collapse begins, and asserts that the enormous kinetic energy transferred by the falling part of the building makes progressive collapse inevitable once an initial collapse occurs. A paper by Zdeněk Bažant indicates that once collapse began, the kinetic energy imparted by a falling upper section onto the floor below was an order of magnitude greater than that which the lower section could support.
Engineers who have investigated the collapses generally agree that controlled demolition is not required to understand the structural response of the buildings. While the top of one of the towers did tilt significantly, it could not ultimately have fallen into the street, they argue, because any such tilting would place sufficient stress on the lower story (acting as a pivot) that it would collapse long before the top had sufficiently shifted its center of gravity. Indeed, they argue, there is very little difference between progressive collapse with or without explosives in terms of the resistance that the structures could provide after collapse began. Controlled demolition of a building to code requires weeks of preparation, including laying large quantities of explosive and cutting through beams, which would have rendered the building highly dangerous and which would have to be done without attracting the attention of the thousands of people who worked in the building. Controlled demolition is traditionally done from the bottom of buildings rather than the top, although there are exceptions depending on structural design. There is little dispute that the collapse started high up at the point where the aircraft struck. Furthermore, any explosives would have to withstand the impact of the airliners.
Members of the group "Scholars for 9/11 Truth" have collected eyewitness accounts of flashes and loud explosions immediately before the fall. Eyewitnesses have repeatedly reported of explosions happening before the collapse of the WTC towers, and the organization "International Center for 9/11 Studies" has published videos obtained from NIST, together with indications about when such explosions could be heard. There are many types of loud sharp noises that are not caused by explosives, and seismographic records of the collapse do not show evidence of explosions. Jones and others have argued that horizontal puffs of smoke seen during the collapse of the towers would indicate that the towers had been brought down by controlled explosions. NIST attributes these puffs to air pressure, created by the decreasing volume of the falling building above, traveling down elevator shafts and exiting from the open elevator shaft doors on lower levels.
In September 2011, Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who holds a PhD in Transportation Engineering and Planning, said that it would have been impossible for two jetliners to bring down the towers simply by hitting them and that some kind of planned explosion must have taken place. Al-Qaeda sharply criticized Ahmadinejad in their English-language publication, "Inspire", calling his assertions "a ridiculous belief that stands in the face of all logic and evidence".
7 World Trade Center.
Proponents of World Trade Center controlled demolition theories allege that 7 World Trade Center—a 47-story skyscraper that stood across Vesey Street north of the main part of the World Trade Center site—was intentionally destroyed with explosives. Unlike the Twin Towers, 7 World Trade Center was not hit by a plane, although it was hit by debris from the Twin Towers and was damaged by fires which burned for seven hours, until it collapsed completely at about 5:20 p.m. on the evening of September 11 (a new building has been erected on the site of the old and opened in May 2006). Several videos of the collapse event exist in the public domain, thus enabling comparative analysis from different angles of perspective. Proponents typically say the collapse of 7 World Trade Center was not mentioned in the 9/11 Commission Report and that the federal body charged with investigating the event, NIST, required seven years to conduct its investigation and issue a report.
In November 2010, Fox News reporter Geraldo Rivera hosted members of a television ad campaign called "BuildingWhat?", a series of commercials in which 9/11 family members ask questions about 7 World Trade Center and call for an investigation into its collapse. Rivera called the television ads "not so easy to dismiss as those demonstrators were," and stated that, "If explosives were involved, that would mean the most obnoxious protesters in recent years ... were right." Days later, Rivera appeared on the program "Freedom Watch" with legal analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano on the Fox Business Network to discuss the BuildingWhat? TV ad campaign. Napolitano stated, "It's hard for me to believe that [7 World Trade Center] came down by itself. I was gratified to see Geraldo Rivera investigating it."
Some proponents of World Trade Center controlled demolition theories suggest that 7 WTC was demolished because it may have served as an operational center for the demolition of the Twin Towers, while others suggest that government insiders may have wanted to destroy key files held in the building pertaining to corporate fraud. The WTC buildings housed dozens of federal, state and local government agencies. According to a statement reported by the BBC, "Loose Change" film producer Dylan Avery thinks the destruction of the building was suspicious because it housed some unusual tenants, including a clandestine CIA office on the 25th floor, an outpost of the U.S. Secret Service, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and New York City's emergency command center. The former chief counter-terrorism adviser to the President, Richard Clarke, does not think that 7 WTC is mysterious, and said that anyone could have rented floor space in the building.
No other steel frame high rise has ever before collapsed because of a fire, although there have been previous cases of collapses or partial collapses of smaller steel buildings due to fire. However, the ability of such a building to be completely destroyed by fire would be demonstrated by the collapse of the Plasco Building in Tehran in 2017 and the Wilton Paes de Almeida Building in São Paulo, Brazil, the following year. In addition, NIST claims debris ejected during the collapse of 1 WTC caused significant structural damage in 7 WTC before the fire.
BBC News reported the collapse of 7 WTC twenty minutes before it actually fell. The BBC has stated that many news sources were reporting the imminent collapse of 7 WTC on the day of the attacks. Jane Standley, the reporter who announced the collapse prematurely, called it a "very small and very honest mistake" caused by her thinking on her feet after being confronted with a report she had no way of checking.
In the PBS documentary "America Rebuilds," which aired in September 2002, Larry Silverstein, the owner of 7 WTC and leaseholder and insurance policy holder for the remainder of the WTC complex, recalled a discussion with the fire department in which doubts about containing the fires were expressed. Silverstein recalled saying, "We've had such terrible loss of life, maybe the smartest thing to do is pull it". "They made that decision to pull", he recalled, "and we watched the building collapse." Silverstein issued a statement that it was the firefighting team, not the building, that was to be pulled, contradicting theorists' allegation that "pull" was used in a demolition-related sense.
NIST report.
In 2002, the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) began a general investigation into the collapse of the World Trade Center but soon made a decision to focus first on the collapse of the Twin Towers. A draft version of its final report on the collapse of 7 WTC was released in August 2008. The agency has attributed the slowness of this investigation to the complexity of the computer model it used, which simulated the collapse from the moment it begins all the way to the ground; and NIST says the time taken on the investigation into 7 WTC is comparable to the time taken to investigate an aircraft crash. The agency also says another 80 boxes of documents related to 7 WTC were found and had to be analyzed. These delays fueled suspicion among those already questioning the validity of the September 11 attacks that the agency was struggling to come up with a plausible conclusion.
NIST released its final report on the collapse of 7 World Trade Center on November 20, 2008. Investigators used videos, photographs and building design documents to come to their conclusions. The investigation could not include physical evidence as the materials from the building lacked characteristics allowing them to be positively identified and were therefore disposed of prior to the initiation of the investigation. The report concluded that the building's collapse was due to the effects of the fires which burned for almost seven hours. The fatal blow to the building came when the 13th floor collapsed, weakening a critical steel support column that led to catastrophic failure, and extreme heat caused some steel beams to lose strength, causing further failures throughout the buildings until the entire structure succumbed. Also cited as a factor was the collapse of the nearby towers, which broke the city water main, leaving the sprinkler system in the bottom half of the building without water.
NIST considered the possibility that 7 WTC was brought down with explosives and concluded that a blast event did not occur, that the "use of thermite ... to sever columns in 7 WTC on 9/11/01 was unlikely". The investigation cited as evidence the claim that no blast was audible on recordings of the collapse and that no blast was reported by witnesses, stating that it would have been audible at a level of 130-140 decibels at a distance of half a mile. Demolition proponents say eyewitnesses repeatedly reported explosions happening before the collapse of the towers, and have published videos obtained from NIST, together with indications about when such explosions could be heard in support of the sounds of explosions before collapse.
NIST also concluded that it is unlikely that the quantities of thermite needed could have been carried into the building undetected. Demolition advocates have responded that they do not claim that thermite was used, but rather that nano-thermite, far more powerful than thermite, was used. Finally, the NIST investigated and ruled out the theory that fires from the large amount of diesel fuel stored in the building caused the collapse.
UAF study.
University of Alaska Fairbanks (UAF) Professor of Civil Engineering J. Leroy Hulsey subsequently led a 4-year (2015–2019) investigation funded by Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth titled "A Structural Reevaluation of the Collapse of World Trade Center 7", taking advantage of the improvement in computing resources since NIST's study. The UAF provides a 256 GB downloadable file that contains "All input data, results data, and simulations that were used or generated during this study." Hulsey's group concluded in their final report: 
Criticism.
The American Society of Civil Engineers Structural Engineering Institute issued a statement calling for further discussion of NIST's recommendations, and Britain's Institution of Structural Engineers published a statement in May 2002 welcoming the FEMA report, noting that the report expressed similar views to those held by its group of professionals.
Following the publication of Jones' paper "Why Indeed Did the WTC Buildings Completely Collapse?" Brigham Young University responded to Jones' "increasingly speculative and accusatory" statements by placing him on paid leave, and thereby stripping him of two classes, in September 2006, pending a review of his statements and research. Six weeks later, Jones retired from the university. The structural engineering faculty at the university issued a statement which said that they "do not support the hypotheses of Professor Jones". On September 22, 2005, Jones gave a seminar on his hypotheses to a group of his colleagues from the Department of Physics and Astronomy at BYU. According to Jones, all but one of his colleagues agreed after the seminar that an investigation was in order and the lone dissenter came to agreement with Jones' suggestions the next day.
Northwestern University Professor of Civil Engineering Zdeněk Bažant, who was the first to offer a published peer-reviewed theory of the collapses, wrote "a few outsiders claiming a conspiracy with planted explosives" as an exception. Bažant and Verdure trace such "strange ideas" to a "mistaken impression" that safety margins in design would make the collapses impossible. One of the effects of a more detailed modeling of the progressive collapse, they say, could be to "dispel the myth of planted explosives". Indeed, Bažant and Verdure have proposed examining data from controlled demolitions in order to better model the progressive collapse of the towers, suggesting that progressive collapse and controlled demolition are not two separate modes of failure (as the controlled-demolition conspiracy theory assumes).
Thomas Eagar, a professor of materials science and engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, also dismissed the controlled-demolition conspiracy theory. Eagar remarked, "These people (in the 9/11 truth movement) use the 'reverse scientific method.' They determine what happened, throw out all the data that doesn't fit their conclusion, and then hail their findings as the only possible conclusion."
Regarding Jones' theory that nanothermite was used to bring down the towers, and the assertion that thermite and nanothermite composites were found in the dust and debris were found following the collapse of the three buildings, which was considered to be evidence that explosives brought down the buildings, Brent Blanchard, author of "A History of Explosive Demolition in America", states that questions about the viability of Jones' theories remain unanswered, such as the fact that no demolition personnel noticed any telltale signs of thermite during the eight months of debris removal following the towers' collapse. Blanchard also stated that a verifiable chain of possession needs to be established for the tested beams, which did not occur with the beams Jones tested, raising questions of whether the metal pieces tested could have been cut away from the debris pile with acetylene torches, shears, or other potentially contaminated equipment while on site, or exposed to trace amounts of thermite or other compounds while being handled, while in storage, or while being transferred from Ground Zero to memorial sites. Dave Thomas of "Skeptical Inquirer" magazine, noting that the residue in question was claimed to be thermitic because of its iron oxide and aluminum composition, pointed out that these substances are found in many items common to the towers. Thomas stated that in order to cut through a vertical steel beam, special high-temperature containment must be added to prevent the molten iron from dropping down, and that the thermite reaction is too slow for it to be practically used in building demolition. Thomas pointed out that when Jesse Ventura hired New Mexico Tech to conduct a demonstration showing nanothermite slicing through a large steel beam, the nanothermite produced copious flame and smoke but no damage to the beam, even though it was in a horizontal, and therefore optimal, position.
Preparing a building for a controlled demolition takes considerable time and effort. The tower walls would have had to be opened on dozens of floors. Thousands of pounds of explosives, fuses and ignition mechanisms would need to be sneaked past security and placed in the towers without the tens of thousands of people working in the World Trade Center noticing. Referring to a conversation with Stuart Vyse, a professor of psychology, an article in the "Hartford Advocate" asks, "How many hundreds of people would you need to acquire the explosives, plant them in the buildings, arrange for the airplanes to crash ... and, perhaps most implausibly of all, never breathe a single word of this conspiracy?"
World Trade Center developer Larry Silverstein said, "Hopefully this thorough report puts to rest the various 9/11 conspiracy theories, which dishonor the men and women who lost their lives on that terrible day." Upon presentation of the NIST's detailed report on the failure of Bldg. 7, Richard Gage, leader of the group Architects &amp; Engineers for 9/11 Truth said, "How much longer do we have to endure the coverup of how Building 7 was destroyed?" in which Dr. S. Shyam Sunder, the lead NIST investigator said he could not explain why the skepticism would not die. "I am really not a psychologist," he said. "Our job was to come up with the best science."
James Quintiere, professor of fire protection engineering at the University of Maryland, who does not believe explosives brought down the towers, questioned how the agency came to its conclusions, remarking, "They don't have the expertise on explosives," though he added that NIST wasted time employing outside experts to consider it.

</doc>
<doc id="7015858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015858" title="Logos (asteroid)">
Logos (asteroid)



</doc>
<doc id="7015864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015864" title="Matira">
Matira

Matira is a village in Kapsowar division of the Marakwet District, Rift Valley Province, Kenya.
It is the birthplace of famous Kenyan steeplechase runner Ezekiel Kemboi.

</doc>
<doc id="7015865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015865" title="Zoe (moon)">
Zoe (moon)



</doc>
<doc id="7015869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015869" title="Medical Branch (Canadian Forces)">
Medical Branch (Canadian Forces)



</doc>
<doc id="7015871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015871" title="Angwenyi">
Angwenyi



</doc>
<doc id="7015872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015872" title="Football firm">
Football firm



</doc>
<doc id="7015875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015875" title="Cfms">
Cfms



</doc>
<doc id="7015876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015876" title="Carla LeBec">
Carla LeBec



</doc>
<doc id="7015878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015878" title="CFMS">
CFMS

CFMS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7015887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015887" title="Lars">
Lars

Lars is a common male name in Scandinavian countries and Germany.
Origin.
"Lars" means "from the city of Laurentum". Lars is derived from the Latin name Laurentius, which means "from Laurentum" or "crowned with laurel", and is therefore related to the name Laurence and Lauren. 
A homonymous Etruscan name was borne by several Etruscan kings, and later used as a last name by the Roman Lartia family. The etymology of the Etruscan name is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="7015890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015890" title="Babu Rao Mediyam">
Babu Rao Mediyam

Babu Rao Mediyam (born 10 July 1951) is an Indian politician. He was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha. He represented the Bhadrachalam (Lok Sabha constituency) constituency of Andhra Pradesh and is a member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). The Bhadrachalam (Lok Sabha constituency) has been reserved for scheduled tribes.

</doc>
<doc id="7015891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015891" title="Sōpurando">
Sōpurando



</doc>
<doc id="7015896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015896" title="Saint Laurentius">
Saint Laurentius



</doc>
<doc id="7015897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015897" title="Helen Reimensnyder Martin">
Helen Reimensnyder Martin

Helen Reimensnyder Martin (October 18, 1868 – June 29, 1939) was an American author.
Early life and education.
Martin was born on October 18, 1868, in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. She was the fifth child born to Reverend Cornelius and Henrietta Thurman Reimensnyder. Her father was a German immigrant and a Lutheran pastor who worked in Ohio before settling in Lancaster. Martin was called “Bill” by those who knew her because her parents expected a boy and wanted to name her William Allen after her mother’s uncle, a governor of Ohio.
Martin was a student at Swarthmore and Radcliffe Colleges.
Career.
Martin published 35 novels and numerous short stories between 1896 and 1939. Her work focused on the oppression of women and can be split into two topics: sophisticated white high society and rural Pennsylvania Dutch society. Her high society novels were not successful until after she achieved success with her more ethnic local color novels. 
According to Beverly Seaton, Martin used the Pennsylvania Dutch to critique society and advance her feminist viewpoint because their culture was unfamiliar to most Americans, making it safer for Martin to express controversial opinions about the rights of women and children in her stories. However, Martin's work also created negative stereotypes of the Pennsylvania Dutch.
Martin's most well-known novel is one of her earliest books, "Tillie: A Mennonite Maid". As is typical of Martin's work"," Pennsylvania Dutch women are oppressed by brutish, stingy men and a patriarchal society in "Tillie". Like all of Martin's heroines, Tillie escapes her repressive society through education and independent employment.
"Sabina, A Story of the Amish" (1905) may be the first Amish romance novel ever published. It tells the story of a young Amish woman with clairvoyant powers.
"Tillie: A Mennonite Maid" and "Barnabetta" ("Erstwhile Susan)" were turned into Broadway plays. Four of Martin's literary works were turned into the films "Erstwhile Susan" (1919), "Tillie" (1922), "The Snob" (1924), and "The Parasite" (1925).
Numerous Pennsylvania Germans objected to her stereotypical depictions of their culture.
Personal life.
In 1899, Helen Reimensnyder married a music teacher named Frederic C. Martin. The couple settled in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Around 1904, Martin gave birth to her first child, who died in infancy. The couple had two more children, a boy and a girl.
Frederic C. Martin died in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="7015899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015899" title="Sauna culture">
Sauna culture



</doc>
<doc id="7015909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015909" title="WoFoo Tai Po">
WoFoo Tai Po



</doc>
<doc id="7015912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015912" title="Wofoo Tai Po">
Wofoo Tai Po



</doc>
<doc id="7015917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015917" title="Raiga">
Raiga

Raiga can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7015919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015919" title="22 September">
22 September



</doc>
<doc id="7015928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015928" title="Kotra (river)">
Kotra (river)

The Kotra (; ) is a river in Belarus and Lithuania. The river is an example of a rare phenomenon of river bifurcation.
At first, the Kotra and Ūla form one river, known as the Pelesa, which originates in Belarus and flows in a northwesterly direction. Just past the Belarus–Lithuania border, between the villages of and Kazliškės, some southeast of Varėna, it branches out into two independent rivers: the Kotra, a tributary of the Neman, and the Ūla, a tributary of the Merkys. The bifurcation happened in the second half of the 19th century when the Ūla, due to its channel erosion, crossed the water divide between its own and the Kotra's drainage basins. As a result, the Ūla enlarged its basin by some and the Kotra lost two of its tributaries. These processes also caused a decrease in groundwater levels and the almost total disappearance of several lakes in the area.
The Kotra flows along the Belarus–Lithuania border for and the remaining through Belarus. It then flows along the southern border of Čepkeliai Marsh, the area protected as a nature reserve With the changes in drainage basins and groundwater levels, some of open marshes overgrew with trees. The Kotra and its surrounding marshes form wetlands of international importance: Kotra Ramsar site and Cepkeliai Ramsar site Varėna district municipality established a reservoir to protect the natural Kotra environment.
Etymology.
The name "Katra/Kotra" is very unclear. Aleksandras Vanagas reconstructed a very dubious Proto-Indo-European root *"kataro-" ('a trench, rivulet, stream', as for Italian river "Catarona" or Liburnian river "Καταρβάτης") from which originated the name of the river. Simas Karaliūnas suggested a Slavic borrowing in Lithuanian "katãryti/katãlyti" (from ) 'to beat, to whip' as a possible source of the name. Edward Bogusławski presented "Kotra" as a Finno-Ugric name (without further elaborating it; Rimvydas Kunskas suggested 'to flood ("kaataa") a backgarden ("tarha")'). Šarūnas Šimkus suggests the name may come from a pronoun , , 'which [of both]' (fem.) as a reference to a very tangled upper course of this river.

</doc>
<doc id="7015930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015930" title="Vyasarpadi">
Vyasarpadi

Vyasarpadi is a neighbourhood of Chennai, India. It is located within Chennai district. The neighbourhood is served by station, one of the oldest stations in South India. The first train to Arcot started from this station. The old ruins still remain 200 metres away from the current station as a cabin room. This place acts as the junction and four rail routes branch from here. The Southern line goes to Chennai Central. The Eastern line goes to Chennai Beach. The Northern line goes to Korukupet further proceeding to Gudur. The Western line goes to Perambur further proceeding to Arakkonam.
The station is named Vyasarpadi Jeeva, after veteran socialist leader Jeevanandam and in memory of his presence in Vyasarpadi.
Etymology.
Vysarpadi was named so by Elelasingan, a friend and disciple of Valluvar, around the 1st century BCE. He named the town thus for Sage Vyasa was said to have stayed in the town for some time while on his voyage to Mount Kailash.
Landmarks.
A Shiva temple known as the Ravishwarar Temple, which was built in the Chola's period, is situated here. Lord Shiva is named Ravishwarar. It is said the Lord is worshipped by the Sun. The Sun also took bath in the temple tank (Bhrama Theertham) to get rid of his Bhrama Dosham. The temple also has the goddesses. The Sun God is placed inside the sanctum of Lord Shiva facing him. Those worshipping Lord Shiva must also worship the Sun God in this temple. The temple has three sacred trees namely Vanni, Vilva and Naga Linga trees. A lot of people visit this temple on Sundays to get rid of various illnesses.
The Don Bosco Beautitudes School acts as a rehabilation cum Youth Association centre for the youth around this area. The Don Bosco Matriculation School and its church are famous in Chennai. The Roman Catholic church features Italian Architecture.
There is a market place and a "Ambedkar College of Arts and Science".
On 29 April 2009 around 4:50 a.m, a local train driven by unauthorized people crashed head on with a fuel train. Nearly 7 people died and half of the station was damaged.
It was the setting of the flashback in the movie Anegan.

</doc>
<doc id="7015932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015932" title="Santiago Herrero">
Santiago Herrero

Santiago Herrero Ruiz (9 May 1943 – 10 June 1970) was a Spanish professional motorcycle racer. He competed in the FIM Grand Prix motorcycle racing world championships from 1968 to 1970 as a member of the Ossa factory racing team. As Spain began to emerge from the Franco Era, Herrero became the country's most promising international motorcycle racer until he died from injuries sustained while competing in the 1970 Isle of Man TT race.
Biography.
Born in Madrid, Spain, Herrero bought his first motorcycle at the age of 12. In 1962, he obtained his racing license, competing on a Derbi and doing his own maintenance. He soon moved up to a Bultaco Tralla 125 and caught the eye of Luis Bejarano, the owner of Lube (a Spanish motorcycle marque) who recognized Herrero's talent. Bejarano offered him a job in the company's competition department. In 1964, Herrero finished in third place in the 125cc Spanish National Championship and in 1965, he finished in second. Unfortunately for Lube, the marque ran into financial difficulties and went out of business.
Herrero decided to go into business for himself, running a motorcycle repair shop in Bilbao. He purchased a Bultaco and competed as a privateer. Around this period, Eduardo Giró, lead designer of the Ossa motorcycle company developed a revolutionary bike with a monocoque chassis. Recognizing Herrero's riding talent as well as his mechanical skills, Giró offered him a job to develop the Ossa 250cc race bike. The Ossa's monocoque chassis' superior stiffness and lighter weight imbued it with exceptional cornering and braking abilities which, in turn allowed for faster cornering speeds than the competition. Together they won the 250cc Spanish National Championship in 1967.
Grand Prix championship.
In 1968, he would move up to compete in the 250cc Grand Prix world championship. Although the single cylinder Ossa had 20 horsepower (15 kW) less than the powerful V4 Yamahas of Phil Read and Bill Ivy, the Ossa was 45 pounds (20 kg) lighter and its monocoque frame was much stiffer, giving it superior agility. Herrero was able to take advantage of the Ossa's light weight and superior handling characteristics to remain competitive, especially on tighter race tracks. The Yamahas swept the championship, but Herrero's results left no doubt that the little Ossa was quick and dependable. He finished seventh in the championship and claimed a third place in the final race of the season at Monza. He would once again take the 250cc Spanish National Championship.
In 1969, the FIM changed its regulations in an effort to reduce spiraling costs in motorcycle racing. 125cc and 250cc machines would be limited to two cylinders and 6-speed transmissions. This regulation change caused the dominant Yamaha and Suzuki factories to withdraw their teams from Grand Prix racing.
The 1969 Grand Prix season would be even more successful for Herrero. He began the year winning his first grand prix at the opening race of the season in front of his countrymen at Jarama. After retiring from the German Grand Prix with mechanical problems, he returned with a victory at Le Mans. He followed this with third place at the Isle of Man TT, a considerable accomplishment considering his horsepower deficit on the infamous Snaefell Mountain Course. 
He triumphed again at Spa and was leading the championship points race when he was beset by bad luck. He crashed in the rain at the Ulster Grand Prix and suffered a broken left arm. Most observers considered his championship hopes dashed, but Herrero showed true grit by coming back just three weeks later to finish in a remarkable fifth place at Imola. He held a one-point lead in the 250cc world championship going into the final race of the season, held at the dangerous Opatija street circuit in Yugoslavia. He started the race in the lead but crashed on the seventh lap, ending his championship hopes. He would finish third in the world championship. He repeated as Spanish 250cc champion for a third consecutive year.
Herrero got the 1970 season off to a promising start. Although, he retired from the first race of the season in Germany, he finished in second in the French Grand Prix and took a victory in Yugoslavia. The World Championship then moved to the treacherous Isle of Man venue for the 1970 Isle of Man TT. Herrero crashed at the 13th milestone (Westwood Corner), losing control of his motorcycle on melted tar during the sixth and final lap of the 250cc Lightweight TT. Despite a previous setback at Braddan Bridge when he went up the slip road and crashed, breaking his windscreen, he had battled back up to third place. Stan Woods, who had originally been reported to have collided with Herrero, actually crashed while trying to avoid him. As a result of the accident, Woods suffered a broken ankle and two broken collar-bones. Herrero died of irreversible shock and from his injuries two days later. He was 27 years old. The cause of the accident, described by Stanley Woods, "may have been melting tar on the bend." His loss affected the Ossa factory so much that they abandoned road racing altogether.

</doc>
<doc id="7015933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015933" title="Bruce Grounds">
Bruce Grounds

Bruce Grounds or Bruce Park, also known as Bruce's Park or Bruce Park grounds, was a baseball ground located in Indianapolis, Indiana. Some sources place it in Broad Ripple, a northern suburb of the city, but that does not fit with contemporary information.
The ground was home to the Indianapolis Hoosiers of the American Association in 1884. It was also used for Sunday games by the Indianapolis Hoosiers of the National League in 1887.
The ball field was located at Bruce (now 23rd) Street and College Avenue. The National League club's primary home was Tinker Park, also known as Seventh Street Park. They staged Sunday games at the old AA park, which was outside the city limits at that time, due to blue laws. The club did not draw well at the site because it was too far from the city center. Sunday games during 1888 and 1889 were held at Indianapolis Park.
Indianapolis city directories have an entry for the park in each year from 1887 through 1893. The location is consistently given as "North side Bruce opposite north end of Greenwood". Greenwood was the last street east of College before the railroad tracks, corresponding to the current Winthrop Avenue. The 1889 Marion County Atlas shows a large block north of Bruce and between College and the tracks, with the owners shown as "J.M. &amp; N.M. Bruce".
The park was eventually sold and developed into residential and commercial buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="7015935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015935" title="The ramones">
The ramones



</doc>
<doc id="7015936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015936" title="FIVB Volleyball Women's U21 World Championship">
FIVB Volleyball Women's U21 World Championship

The FIVB Volleyball Women's U21 World Championship is the world championship of volleyball for female players under the age of 21 organized by "Fédération Internationale de Volleyball" (FIVB).
The first tournament was staged in 1977 in Brazil. The second and third tournaments were played at intervals of four years, in 1981 and 1985; with the fourth tournament in 1987 the interval became, and remains, two years. The most recent tournament was jointly hosted by Netherlands and Belgium and won by Italy.
In March 2022, FIVB decides to change the age category of the tournament by moving it from U20 to U21 in order to equate it with the Men's U21 World Championship. In July 2023, FIVB announced the increase of teams from 16 to 24 and that the tournament would be staged in even-numbered years starting in 2026 in combination with the U17 World Championships, to ensure progressive participation of athletes in their respective age group categories. Subsequently, FIVB decided to discard the 2026 edition, so that after 2025 the next tournament would be in 2028 in order not to congest the calendar of the age group championships.
Brazil is the most successful nation in the tournament's history, with six titles and five runners-up. China is the second most successful with four titles and three runners-up.
A corresponding tournament for male players is the FIVB Volleyball Men's U21 World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="7015937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015937" title="Nagare">
Nagare

Nagare may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7015939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015939" title="Mary Eugenia Surratt">
Mary Eugenia Surratt



</doc>
<doc id="7015942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015942" title="Haido">
Haido

Haido may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7015956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015956" title="Langeled">
Langeled



</doc>
<doc id="7015957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015957" title="Mike Reynolds MP">
Mike Reynolds MP



</doc>
<doc id="7015964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015964" title="Michael Kipyego">
Michael Kipyego

Michael Kipkorir Kipyego (born 2 October 1983) is a Kenyan runner who competes in marathon races. He was initially a specialist in the 3000 metres steeplechase and was the 2002 World Junior Champion in the event. He represented Kenya in the steeplechase at the World Championships in 2003 and was runner-up at the 2008 African Championships. He set a personal best of 8:08.48 in 2009.
He won two team titles with Kenya at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships – in the short race 2003 and the long race in 2007. Kipyego switched to road running in 2011 and ran a personal best of 2:06:48 hours for third at the Eindhoven Marathon. He won the Tokyo Marathon title in 2012.
Career.
Steeplechaser.
Born in Kemeloi in Kenya's Marakwet District, Kipyego was drawn to distance running by his older brother, Christopher Kipyego, who was a marathon runner. (Their younger sibling, Sally Kipyego, would also become a professional runner.) He began competing in the 3000 metres steeplechase as a teenager, choosing the same specialist event as locally born world champion Moses Kiptanui. His first international selection for Kenya was the 1999 World Youth Championships in Athletics, where he came eighth in the 3000 metres flat. He joined Colm O'Connell's St. Patrick's school in Iten in 2000 and success followed shortly after: he was the silver medallist in the steeplechase at the 2001 African Junior Athletics Championships behind Ezekiel Kemboi.
His breakthrough year came in 2002. After a good debut on grass at the 2002 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, where he was twelfth in the junior category, he had his first major victory at the World Junior Championships, winning the gold medal in the steeplechase. He moved up to senior level the year after and a fourth-place finish in the short race at the 2003 IAAF World Cross Country Championships saw him help Kenya to the team title. He then went on to make the Kenyan team in the steeplechase, although he fell in the heats at the 2003 World Championships in Athletics and was eliminated in the first stage. He did not perform well in 2004, missing spots on the Kenyan teams and suffering from a tendon injury. He set a personal best of 8:10.66 minutes at the 2005 Golden Gala meeting and was third in the Kenyan trials, but was dropped from the international squad in favour of the in-form Paul Kipsiele Koech.
Kipyego's only major competition appearance of 2006 came at the 2006 IAAF World Athletics Final and he narrowly finished out of the medals in fourth place. He gained selection for the long race at the 2007 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and won his second career team title through his sixth-place finish. He finished second to Richard Mateelong at both the national trials and the African Championships (his first podium finish in the event as a senior). He dipped under 8:10 minutes at the Weltklasse Zurich meeting later that year, recording 8:09.05 minutes (making him the fifth fastest man that year) and taking third behind Koech and Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad. He ran at the 2008 IAAF World Athletics Final in Stuttgart, but managed only eighth place. In 2009 he did not gain an international spot for Kenya, but had some success on the European circuit, improving his personal best to 8:08.48 minutes in a runner-up performance at the Herculis meeting and taking seventh at the 2009 IAAF World Athletics Final.
Road running.
Kipyego ran in the steeplechase at the 2010 Doha Athletic Super Grand Prix, but this proved to be one of his last outings in the event as he switched to focus his efforts on road running competitions instead. He made his debut over the marathon distance at the 2011 Rotterdam Marathon and in spite of keeping up with the leaders early on he faded to sixth place with a time of 2:11:03 hours. He ran the half marathon for the first time in September and completed the distance in 1:02:08 hours, taking eighth at the Lille Half Marathon. His second marathon of the year demonstrated his talent for the event as he knocked off four minutes of his best time to take third place at the Eindhoven Marathon with a time of 2:06:48 hours. He won his first race the following year at the Tokyo Marathon, where he surged ahead of Haile Gebrselassie in the late stages to win after 2:07:37 hours. His only other outing that year was the 2012 Chicago Marathon, where he was out of the running with a time of 2:10:02 for thirteenth place.
He attempted a defence of his Tokyo title, but finished behind Dennis Kimetto, although his time of 2:06:58 hours as runner-up was close to a personal best.

</doc>
<doc id="7015971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015971" title="Tarn Crag">
Tarn Crag

Tarn Crag, may refer to a number of hills in the English Lake District:

</doc>
<doc id="7015973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015973" title="Steve Klein (soccer)">
Steve Klein (soccer)

Steve Klein (born May 11, 1975) is an American soccer coach and former professional player, who spent one season in Major League Soccer and eleven in the USL First Division and its predecessors. On January 20, 2010, he was ranked 24th in the USL First Division Top 25 of the Decade, which announced a list of the best and most influential players of the previous decade.
Player.
Youth.
Klein was born in Evansville, Indiana, and attended Brentwood High School in Brentwood, TN and Bowling Green State University in Ohio, where he started all four years and earned first team All-American honors his senior year. He is still BGSU's all-time leading point scorer with 45 assists and 37 goals. His play led BGSU to the "Sweet Sixteen" of the NCAA Championships in both his junior and senior years. In 2006, Klein was inducted in the BGSU Athletic Hall of Fame.
Professional.
Klein was drafted by the New England Revolution in the third round of the 1997 MLS College Draft but saw limited action due to injury. During the season, he played six games on loan to the Worcester Wildfire. In 1998, he spent the season with the Nashville Metros. In 1999, he moved to the Hershey Wildcats for two seasons. On December 19, 2001, he signed with the Charleston Battery, where he played for three seasons.
In 2005, Klein made the cross-country move to the Vancouver Whitecaps, where he started 26 of 27 games and was second on the team in scoring with 18 pts (7 goals, 4 assists). He earned first team USL for his efforts. In the 2006 campaign, he moved into a more defensive midfield role, starting all games eligible (27) and leading the team in minutes played during the regular season. While not producing the scoring totals of 2005, his hard work in the trenches earned him second team USL honors. He helped the Whitecaps win their first USL First Division championship by beating the Rochester Raging Rhinos 3–0.
Coaching career.
In 2008, Klein was the head coach of the now-defunct Lancaster Inferno in the National Premier Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="7015977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015977" title="Albert Nad">
Albert Nad



</doc>
<doc id="7015980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015980" title="Aoba Yamashiro">
Aoba Yamashiro



</doc>
<doc id="7015985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015985" title="Manchester Aid to Kosovo">
Manchester Aid to Kosovo

Manchester Aid to Kosovo (MAK) is a Manchester based charity dedicated to providing aid and support to the peoples of Kosovo.
History.
MAK was started by five Manchester men in a pub. Their response to the unfolding reports of ethnic cleansing in Kosovo, caught the imagination of the Greater Manchester people. Within two weeks a convoy of 300 tonnes of aid was on its way from Manchester to Kosovo Albanians in refugee camps in Albania. 850,000 Kosovo Albanians fled the province. Within a year MAK transported a 1,000 tons of crisis aid to the region; MAK is committed to supporting the recovery of the people of Kosovo in both Kosovo and in the United Kingdom. Kosovo is administrated by the United Nations.
MAK has partnered with InterVol, a student-led international volunteering charity, to provide international volunteers for projects in the Podujevo region of Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="7015986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015986" title="Dorde Jokic">
Dorde Jokic



</doc>
<doc id="7015992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015992" title="Goran Dorovic">
Goran Dorovic



</doc>
<doc id="7015997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015997" title="World Champion (term)">
World Champion (term)



</doc>
<doc id="7015998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015998" title="Miroslav Dukic">
Miroslav Dukic



</doc>
<doc id="7015999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7015999" title="Veselin Dokovic">
Veselin Dokovic



</doc>
<doc id="7016000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016000" title="Fichtel &amp; Sachs">
Fichtel &amp; Sachs



</doc>
<doc id="7016003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016003" title="Predrag Dordevic">
Predrag Dordevic



</doc>
<doc id="7016004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016004" title="It's All about the Girls">
It's All about the Girls



</doc>
<doc id="7016012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016012" title="D. K. Adikesavulu Naidu">
D. K. Adikesavulu Naidu

D. K. Adikesavulu Naidu (21 September 1940 – 24 April 2013) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Chittoor constituency of Andhra Pradesh when he was the member of the Telugu Desam Party. He was the Chairman of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams and was a member of the Indian National Congress.
Career.
Naidu was born into a family of extremely humble means and he received little education. At a young age, he took up a job at the liquor distillery in his native Chittoor district. He learnt the ropes there and later took a small nearly brewery on lease. This village brewery was only of 'Arrack' or country liquor, consumed by low-class, poor villagers. He assiduously cultivated local politicians, especially those with muscle power at their command, who could use strong arm to help him deal with business problems. Soon, he moved a little up the ladder and cultivated Ramakrishna Hegde, plying the Janata Party leader with money and muscle power at a time when that party was badly in need of both funds and muscle power, because Indira Gandhi was trying to destroy the Janata politicians. Thanks to Ramakrishna Hegde, Adikeshavulu got many arrack contracts at high price and made a killing. Some part of the money was funnelled back to his politician friends. he made a vast fortune this way, but one bad result was that the "arrack scam" became a very big scam in the press and was one of the main reasons why the Hegde government fell in Karnataka. By this time, the very flexible Adikesavulu had jumped ship and moved to the Congress party. It is said that Adikesavulu had supplied the Congress party with much of the fodder to create the scandal and uproar, because the demands of Hegde and others had become excessive, and also because he saw that the Congress party was on the upswing in Karnataka and anyway, it was always very strong in his native Andhra Pradesh, where his main businesses were located (in Chittoor district).
The Mallya years.
As a member of the Congress party, Adikesavulu prospered beyond his dreams. People of a certain age will remember that the 1980s and 1990s were the era when the influence of "liquor barons" and their money and muscle power was all-pervasive in Karnataka politics, just like the influence of "mining barons" in recent years. Adikesavulu used every means possible, whether legal or not, to further his business and prospered in extraordinary way. He entered the Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) field and minted money. He became a particularly close associate of Vijay Mallya. Indeed, Mallya was Adikesavulu's mentor as he climbed up the ladder from country liquor to IMFL and then to real estate, private education and other such lucrative sectors, which were the main political-interest sectors in those day and which were flush with black money. Mallya and Adikesavulu were totally close to each other and used each other's political connections and even financial resources as required. No two businessmen could ever be more close than Adikesavulu and Mallya. They also actively promoted each other's political careers. Both of them were also agnostic in politics, meaning that they had no ideology except self-interest. They cut deals with all parties as it suited them, supplied money and muscle to everyone, and moved from party to party as expedient. At this time, both of them cultivated the JDS in Karnataka and the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) in Andhra Pradesh. Again, as with Ramakrishna Hegde, the duo targeted these parties at a time when these parties were in dire need of funds and manpower. Adikesavulu's engagement with the TDP became a serious relationship, both of money and manpower, and once again, country liquor (arrack) played a major role. Once again, there was scandal, this time in Andhra Pradesh, after Chandrababu Naidu auctioned very lucrative contracts to Adikesavulu at a throwaway price. The scandal died down, and Adikesavulu formally joined the Telugu Desam.
In the process of all this deal-making, Adikesavulu and Mallya prospered both financially and in other ways. For instance, both of them were appointed trustees of the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam, the governing body of India's richest and most-visited temple. Indeed, Adikesavulu was made Chairman of that trust, an outrageous appointment given that his business was brewing liquor. Both of them also prospered in politics. Mallya took the help of the BJP and JDS to get elected to the Rajya Sabha from Karnataka.
Eventually, Adikesavulu managed businesses such as Karnataka breweries and distilleries, Mallya Hospital, Vydehi Institute of Medical Sciences, Sreenivasa institute of technology and management studies (SITAMS). He launched a fruit-crushing unit near Bangarupalyam in Chittoor district.
Adikesavulu died on 24 April 2013 in Vydehi hospital, Bengaluru.

</doc>
<doc id="7016016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016016" title="Gossip Girl (book)">
Gossip Girl (book)



</doc>
<doc id="7016021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016021" title="Pappala Chalapathirao">
Pappala Chalapathirao

Pappala Chalapathirao (born 1 January 1946) was an Indian politician. From 1985 until 2004, he served in the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly. In 2004, he was elected to the 14th Lok Sabha.

</doc>
<doc id="7016029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016029" title="Niklaus Manuel Deutsch">
Niklaus Manuel Deutsch

Niklaus Manuel Deutsch ("Niklaus Manuel", c. 1484 – 28 April 1530), of Bern, was a Swiss artist, writer, mercenary and Reformed politician.
Biography.
Niklaus was most likely the son of Emanuel Aleman (or Alleman), a pharmacist whose own father had immigrated from Chieri in Piedmont, and his wife Margaretha Fricker (or Frikart), an illegitimate daughter of Bernese city scribe Thüring Fricker.
He used "Manuel", the given name of his father, as his surname and used "Deutsch", as the German equivalent of the surname "Alleman", as an additional appellation, signing his works with the initials NMD.
He is first recorded in 1509, when he married Katharina Frisching, daughter of Hans Frisching, a former Bernese reeve and member of the city council ("Kleiner Rat"). Niklaus Manuel and Katharina Frisching had six children. Two of them, Hans Rudolf Manuel Deutsch (1525–1571) and Niklaus Manuel Deutsch the Younger (1528–1588), were also artists. Niklaus Manuel is considered the founder of the patrician Manuel family of Berne. From 1510, Niklaus Manuel was a member of the city parliament ("Grosser Rat"). He is first recorded as a painter in the employment of the city in 1513. Aside from Holbein he is the major representative of Renaissance painting in Switzerland.
In 1514, he bought the house at Gerechtigkeitsgasse 72 which remained in possession of the Manuel family until the 17th century.
In 1516, he entered mercenary service as the secretary of Albrecht von Stein, participating in the French campaign in the War of the League of Cambrai. His famous "danse macabre" on the wall of the Dominican Abbey in Berne was begun in 1516 or 1517; this work was destroyed in 1660, but a 1649 copy by Albrecht Kauw is extant.
Niklaus Manuel's latest signed works date from around 1520, after which time he dedicated himself to literary production. 
He used a drawing of a Swiss degen alongside the initials NMD as his mark; the Swiss degen also appears on his literary manuscripts, and "schwitzerdegen" appears as his author's pseudonym in some of his printed works.
In 1522 he once again entered service with Albrecht von Stein in a campaign in Lombardy, and was wounded at Novara.
He also participated in the Battle of Bicocca of 27 April. He composed a satirical song against the German Landsknechts who defeated the Swiss mercenaries in this battle.
After the 1522 campaign, he was also harshly critical of the Holy See, specifically the late Pope Leo X and his militaristic policy in the Italian Wars.
In the years that followed, he was a strong supporter of the Swiss Reformation and a friend of Huldrych Zwingli, who like him had been on campaign in Italy and had become disenchanted with the warmongering of the pope in the Italian Wars. 
He campaigned for the reformed cause in Bern with Berchtold Haller, the priest at St Vincent Münster. He wrote two anti-catholic (anti-papist) carnival plays or "Fasnachtsspiele", performed in 1522. The plays were very popular and are said to have done more for the adoption of the Reformation in Berne than the sermons of Haller. The two plays were printed as early as 1524, and again in 1540. The 1540 edition was the basis of a re-edition published in 1836.
In 1523, he was given the office of Bernese reeve of Erlach, Echallens and Nidau.
He was sent as a representative of Bern to the Swiss Diet in 1526.
He served as a member in the city council ("Kleiner Rat") from April 1528 until his death.
Literary works.
The play "Elsli Tragdenknaben" ("von dem Elszlin trag den knaben und von Uly Rechenzan, mit irem eelichen Gerichtshandel"), printed in 1530, has been ascribed to Niklaus Manuel, but the attribution is probably spurious.

</doc>
<doc id="7016031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016031" title="Pyochungsa">
Pyochungsa

Pyochungsa, originally Jungnimsa, is a Korean Buddhist temple of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism. It stands on the slopes of Jaeyaksan mountain near Cheonhwangsan in the Yeongnam Alps in Danjang-myeon, northern Miryang, South Korea. 
Pyochungsa was first established by Wonhyo in 654 under the name "Jungnimsa." It was rebuilt at its present location by Hwangmyeon in 857, in the reign of the Silla king Heungdeok. In the Goryeo period, the National Preceptor Iryeon gathered more than a thousand monks there. 
After Hideyoshi's invasions of Korea in the late 16th century, the temple was renamed "Pyochuongsa" (temple of fidelity displayed) in honor of Songun Yu Jeong, the monk who led various righteous armies against the Japanese. The Pyochuong Seowon, the only seowon located within the grounds of a Buddhist temple, was also constructed there in Songun's memory.
Due to its rich history and location in the Yeongnam Alps, Pyochungsa is a leading tourist attraction of Miryang. The temple is home to an incense burner which is designated National treasure of South Korea no. 75. In addition, the entire temple has been designated as Gyeongsangnam-do Provincial Monument 17.

</doc>
<doc id="7016035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016035" title="Cliffe Hill Mineral Railway">
Cliffe Hill Mineral Railway

The Cliffe Hill Mineral Railway was a narrow gauge industrial railway that connected the Cliffe Hill granite quarry to the nearby London Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) between Leicester and Coalville. The line opened in 1896 and operated until 1948.
History.
Granite is reputed to have been quarried from the outcrop near Markfield in Leicestershire since Roman times. However, it was not until the 1860s that quarrying began on a commercial scale. In the late 1870s two Birmingham businessmen opened a quarry at Cliffe Hill to provide street setts and kerb stones. This quarry closed in 1887 but was revived in 1889 by Mr. J. Rupert Fitzmaurice the son of one of the original owners. Fitzmaurice equipped the quarry with then modern machinery and it quickly became a commercial success.
In the first year of the new operation 630 tons of finished kerbs and 10,200 tons of broken stone were produced. Most of this was taken by horse and cart to Bagworth station away for transit by rail. In 1892 a traction engine was purchased to help transport stone to the railway.
Over the next few years demand for the company's products continued to increase and road transportation became a bottleneck to increasing production. The board decided to build its own railway line to move stone from the quarry to the nearest LMS line. The route to Bagworth Station would have required heavy gradients and passed over land owned by Mr. Breedon Everard, who was hostile to the notion of a railway. So the decision was made to build the line south from the quarry to a transshipment point at Beveridge Lane, near Bardon Hill station.
Construction started on the line in early 1896 and by the end of the year the first steam locomotive had been delivered and was at work.
The line from the quarry to the LMS's Cliffe Hill sidings remained substantially unchanged for the life of the railway, with the exception of an embankment built in 1911 to avoid steep gradients as the line crossed a small valley near Hillcroft farm.
The railway served its purpose for more than fifty years, employing a wide range of locomotives to move the granite trains. During the Second World War quarry production was reduced due to the lack of available workers. At the end of the war there was a boom in the housing and roads construction industries as wartime damage was repaired. This created a strong demand for the quarry's products. At the same time new quarrying and transportation machinery was becoming available and the company decided to reorganize production methods.
Within the quarry, lorries quickly replaced the internal railway, and by 1948 road transport was quickly replacing the need for the line between the quarry and the standard gauge railway. The decision was taken to abandon the Cliffe Hill Mineral Railway, and the last train ran in March of that year.
The track remained in situ for several years, and most of it was taken up in the mid 1950s.
 there are still obvious traces of the railway including a small section of track visible on the road crossing on Billa Barra Lane on the 90 degree bend, bits of track made into fence posts and the embankment between Billa Barra Lane and Stanton Lane

</doc>
<doc id="7016039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016039" title="Madison Avenue Grounds">
Madison Avenue Grounds

Madison Avenue Grounds (later known as Monumental Park) was a baseball ground located in Baltimore, Maryland. It was built by the Waverly Club as the first enclosed ballpark in Baltimore, with spectator seating and player clubhouses, and was the site of the first intercity game played in Baltimore (Brooklyn Excelsiors 51, Baltimore Excelsiors 6) on September 22, 1860; it was the site of a 47-7 defeat of the local Marylands by the undefeated Cincinnati Red Stockings in 1869, and it was used by the Washington Olympics for a professional game in 1871. On August 16, 1870, it was the site of an intercity game between black teams. It would continue to be used for games staged by black teams, in a time before there were any organized Negro leagues.
The ballpark was home to the Maryland club of the National Association, who had a brief fling as a professional club in 1873. Retrosheet differs from Michael Benson's "Baseball Parks of North America", in that Benson states the Maryland club lasted until July 11 at the ballpark. Retrosheet indicates that only one game was played there and that the July 11 game was at Newington Park, the home of the relatively established Lord Baltimore club. The Maryland club, in fact, played only six games as professionals: the first two against Washington, and the last four against their intra-city rivals.
A short-lived Baltimore entry in the Eastern League in 1884 played their games at what by then was known as Monumental Park.
The park was also the home to Baltimore's Union Association entry in 1884, again for only one game as the club owners decided the grounds were unfit for use. Although Retrosheet indicates all home games were at the club's Belair Lot field, there was, in fact, one Union Association game at the grounds. The "Baltimore Sun" for August 25, 1884, reported that the Unions were shifting to "Monumental Park, at Madison and Boundary Avenues", because "Union Park, Belair Lot, was deemed rather too small." However, in the game report in the paper the next day, it said that "the ground was found to be uneven, and the Union clubs will play no more there, going back to Union Park, Belair Lot" for their remaining home games.
James H. Bready, in his book "The Home Team", a history of the Baltimore baseball clubs, places the location (based on old maps) on a block roughly bounded by what is now Madison Avenue (southwest); Boundary Avenue (later North Avenue) (north); Linden Avenue (northeast); and an old, unnamed road (southeast). The location has also been given as "the end of Eutaw Street near the corner of Madison Avenue and North Avenue." Eutaw cuts through what was once the ballpark property and, coincidentally, passes by the right field side of Oriole Park at Camden Yards a couple of miles to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="7016044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016044" title="Terry Ree">
Terry Ree



</doc>
<doc id="7016048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016048" title="Eormanric">
Eormanric



</doc>
<doc id="7016051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016051" title="Hind Dehiba">
Hind Dehiba

Hind Dehiba Chahyd (born 17 March 1979, Bejaâd, Morocco) is a Moroccan-French runner who specializes in the 1500 metres.
Early career.
Her first podium finish at the 2005 European Athletics Indoor Championships came with controversy. She took the bronze medal but impeded fourth-placed Helen Clitheroe in the final stages of the 1500 m. However, Clitheroe's appeal was not successful and Dehiba bagged her first European medal.
At the age of 14, she ran 1500 m in 4 minutes 21 seconds barefoot and 3000m in 9 minutes 26 seconds. She was subsequently selected by Said Aouita (DTN Moroccan at the time) for his first international competition in 1994 at the African Junior Championships in Algiers (Algeria). She was placed sixth in the 3,000 m junior when she was still only 14 years. She became vice-world champion High school cross country in 1996 in Turkey (youngest world champion cross country team).
To complete her education Hind completely stopped competing from July 1998 to June 2003. On resumption of her running in 2003 qualified for the Championship of France Elite 2003 Narbonne at 800m.
In December 2002, she met her husband, Fodil Dehiba in France, and married in 2003 and obtained French nationality before the close of entries for the Athens Olympic Games. At the Athens Olympics, she ran for France and ranked eighth in the third qualifying round of the 1500 m, taking the last qualifying spot in the semifinals.
Hind won the bronze medal at the European Indoor Championships in Madrid in 1500 m. in March 2005 and in 2010 she won the silver medal at the European Championships in Barcelona at 1500m.
In 2005, she was the second meeting of the Paris Saint-Denis and set a new record of France of 1500 m in Rieti in 4 min 00 s 49. 
During the winter of 2006, it ranks 4th in the final of the World Indoor Championships in 1500 m in Moscow, she beat the record of France in 4 min 05 s 63.
During the winter of 2012, it ranks fifth of the World Indoor Championships in Istanbul in 1500. She will recover the world bronze medal after the disqualification of two athletes for doping.
Doping suspension.
In January 2007, she was tested positive to EPO. She received a two year suspension.
Later career.
On 16 July 2010, Hind take the second place in the 1500m Diamond league Paris, she broke for the second time the National French Record 1500m, 3 min 59 s 76. At the European Athletics Championships in 2010 (1 August 2010, Hind Dehiba won the silver medal in the 1500 m in 4 min 1.17 s, losing to Spain's Nuria Fernández. A month later in Split, the French won the 1500 m very tactical Continental Cup (formerly World Cup of Nations) in the Europe team, beating out the Kenyan Olympic champion Nancy Langat in a very sprint tight. The latter suffered a drop to ten meters from the finish. She ended her season by winning the rally Carmaux (Tarn), where she established the world's best performance of the year on the mile in 4 min 29 sec 06.
During her career, Hind had three podiums in Diamond League (second in Paris in 2005, second in Paris in 2010 and third in Lausanne in 2011). It was ranked 4th in the World Ranking in 2005 and 2010 to 1500. She won three times France Indoor Championships 1500 m (2004-2005 and 2011), five times the championships of France Elites outdoor 1500 m (2005, 2006, 2009, 2011 and 2012) as well as championships in France 800m in 2009. She became the first and only French athlete to date to have run a 1500 m in less than 4 minutes, with a time of 3 min 59 s 76 at the Diamond League Meeting in Paris at the Stade de France on 16 July 2010. Hind ran 35 times during her career in less than 4 min 10 sec and 15 times in less than 4 min 05 s at 1500 m. In the 800 m, she ran four times in less than 2 minutes. Twice Hind ran in less than 4 min 30 sec in the mile and two times in less than 9 minutes about 3000 m.
13 October 2012, at Meaux, she was elected a member of the Steering Committee of the Board of Seine-et-Marne Athletics for a period of four years. Hind seat on the Commission's High Level Sport and chairman of the Athletes Commission.
Hind was a professional athlete for two years in the National Athletics League (LNA) from 1 January 2011 to 31 December 2012.
She graduated with honors from the University Diploma of European Physical Preparator at the University of Lyon1, Brussels and Lausanne (Degree Coach Condition Trainer).
Hind gave birth to a baby girl named Inès in Albuquerque, United States, on 23 July 2013.
On 14 November 2016 in Corbeil Essonnes (France), Hind gave birth to "triplets" named Adam, Jana and Salma.
They live in Fontainebleau, in the Paris region.
In January 2018, the IAAF informed her that she was winning the bronze medal in the 1500m at the 2012 Indoor World Championships, after the disqualification of 2 athletes for doping.

</doc>
<doc id="7016054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016054" title="Blackbird (plane)">
Blackbird (plane)



</doc>
<doc id="7016059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016059" title="Gokua">
Gokua



</doc>
<doc id="7016060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016060" title="Deveopler">
Deveopler



</doc>
<doc id="7016061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016061" title="Hokage, Fourth">
Hokage, Fourth



</doc>
<doc id="7016064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016064" title="Supratrochlear">
Supratrochlear



</doc>
<doc id="7016065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016065" title="Ed Redlich">
Ed Redlich

Ed Redlich is an American television producer and writer. He was the executive producer for "Without a Trace", for which he wrote 5 episodes, as well as the executive producer for "Shark" starring James Woods. He created the television series "Unforgettable" and most recently was an Executive Producer on the CBS series "SEAL Team". His drama pilot "Ways &amp; Means" is co-written with Mike Murphy, and starring Patrick Dempsey, was ordered to production by CBS on February 3, 2020.
Biography.
Redlich is the son of former NYU Law professor and Dean Norman Redlich and pediatrician Evelyn Grobow. His has two sisters, Bonny Redlich and Carrie A. Redlich, Professor of Medicine at Yale University School of Medicine. Redlich's wife, Sarah Timberman is also in the television business and has produced several shows, including Elementary, Justified, Masters of Sex, and Unbelievable. Redlich graduated from Harvard University and New York University School of Law.
Career.
Redlich got his first job in the entertainment business in 1992 as an executive story editor in the series "The Round Table". He then went on to write the television movie "Ebbie" in 1995, following which he became the executive creative consultant for the TV show "Strangers". He then went on to write with David E. Kelley for, and later produce, "The Practice", for which he won an Emmy. He then moved to the program "Felicity" for which he wrote and produced. He also acted in one episode. He then wrote and produced for "Watching the Detectives".
He was also executive producer/showrunner on the hit crime drama "Without a Trace" for three seasons. After that, he was executive Producer/showrunner of the CBS drama series "Shark".
Redlich co-created and was executive producer of CBS series "Unforgettable" from 2011 to 2016, starring Poppy Montgomery, follows the former Syracuse, New York, police detective Carrie Wells has hyperthymesia, a rare medical condition that gives her the ability to visually remember everything.
Afterward, Redlich is the executive producer of the CBS military drama series "SEAL Team", which he wrote with Benjamin Cavell.
On February 4, 2020, Redlich wrote a script for the pilot episode of "Ways &amp; Means" (formerly known as "The Whip"), starring Patrick Dempsey and produced by 3 Arts Entertainment, PatMa Productions and CBS Studios. In May 2020, the new pilot was yet for consideration in the 2021-2022 television season when it was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, before filming could resumed in January 2021. However, on May 14, 2021, the pilot has been passed and not moving forward by CBS.

</doc>
<doc id="7016074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016074" title="Bishop of Ramsbury (Anglican)">
Bishop of Ramsbury (Anglican)



</doc>
<doc id="7016075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016075" title="Godaime Hokage">
Godaime Hokage



</doc>
<doc id="7016076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016076" title="Louise Setara">
Louise Setara

Louise Setara (born Louise Smith, 21 August 1988 in Reading, Berkshire, England) is an English singer and songwriter. Her first album, "Still Waters", was released by Manhattan Records/EMI in February 2007.
Setara decided to become a singer at the age of seven, after performing at a wedding party with a member of The Drifters. When she was fifteen years old, she signed a management contract with Kwame Kwaten, who had worked with Mick Jagger and Seal. She chose the name "Setara", from "sithara", meaning "little star" in Punjabi.
Early life.
Setara was born in Reading, England, where she was homeschooled by her mother, Lorraine. She decided at the age of seven that she wanted to become a professional singer, when a member of The Drifters performed at a wedding she was attending and invited her on stage to sing "My Girl" with him.
Career.
Setara was signed up at the age of 15 by producer Kwame Kwaten, who spotted her at a talent contest. Her singing style is described as a mixture of soul and gospel. She wrote her first song, "Wrong Again", with composers Peter Gordeno and Chris Porter. Another of the tracks on "Still Waters" is performed with the South African group, Ladysmith Black Mambazo, and "Can't Stop the River" was written by Seal. The album was chosen as 'Album of the Week' by BBC Radio 2 in January 2007.
Her debut single, "Can't Stop the River" was released in the UK on 27 November 2006 without a music video. Unknown to her, it was also given to Duncan James and Guy Sebastian to record. She eventually released her original recording of the song after both artists had released their versions of "Can't Stop the River", re-titled "Can't Stop a River".
She supported Lionel Richie on his UK tour in 2007.
A download-only single, "Wrong Again", was released on 29 January 2007, and as a full single later in 2007.
In 2018, she auditioned for "The X Factor" and made it to the Judges' Houses.

</doc>
<doc id="7016080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016080" title="Hokage, Third">
Hokage, Third



</doc>
<doc id="7016082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016082" title="Scoil Lorcáin">
Scoil Lorcáin



</doc>
<doc id="7016087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016087" title="Timeline history of Ponsonby, Three Lamps and Freemans Bay">
Timeline history of Ponsonby, Three Lamps and Freemans Bay



</doc>
<doc id="7016088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016088" title="Melodifestivalen 2004 semifinals">
Melodifestivalen 2004 semifinals



</doc>
<doc id="7016093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016093" title="Fitchburg Longsjo Classic">
Fitchburg Longsjo Classic

Fitchburg Longsjo Classic, also known as the Longsjo Classic, was an annual bicycle race held in Fitchburg, Massachusetts, United States. The race began in 1960 as the Arthur M. Longsjo Jr Memorial Race, in honor of Art Longsjo. 
History.
The race was founded in Fitchburg, Massachusetts in 1960, as the Arthur M. Longsjo Jr. Memorial Bicycle Race., in memory of Fitchburg native and resident Art Longsjo. In 1956 Longsjo competed in the Winter Olympics as a speed skater and at the Summer Olympics as a cyclist, making him the first American to compete in Summer and Winter Olympic Games in one year. In 1958, Longsjo Perished in a car crash in Vermont, while driving home after winning the 180-mile long Quebec-Montreal Road Race. In 1960, local civic and business leaders in the city and Art Longsjo's widow Terry Longsjo organized the first race, with input from Longsjo's racing friend Guy Morin. In 1980, a new race organizing committee formed, which renamed the event the Fitchburg Longsjo Classic. The race was one of the leading bicycle competitions in the United States during this time, as evidenced by the well-known riders on the winners' list. 
In 1991, the race expanded to a four-day stage race format, which continued through 2010. Stages included a time trial, a circuit race on a 3-mile loop in the Fitchburg State University area, a road race in Princeton and Westminster that finished atop Mount Wachusett, and the traditional downtown Fitchburg criterium. As a stage race, the event was one of the largest pro-am bicycle stage races in the country and part of the various national calendar races of the period.
In 2011, the race was planned to be changed from a four-day event to one day, due to financial and organizational difficulties, but was cancelled due to a building fire on the downtown racecourse. The fire occurred on June 13 at the Johnsonia Building; the race was not able to occur due to many of the streets that were in the race's pathway being closed. A 2012 multi-stage event was planned; however, the race was cancelled on June 11. 
In 2013, the race was revived by the newly created Art Longsjo Foundation as a two-day event, with a criterium in downtown Leominster in addition to the traditional Fitchburg race. A criterium in downtown Worcester was added to the event from 2014 through 2016. 2017 and 2018 included downtown races in Leominster and Fitchburg. In 2019, only the downtown Fitchburg race was held. On March 18, 2020, the Art Longsjo Foundation announced the end of the event, citing the difficulty of procuring sponsorship money from local businesses, as well as the sharp decline in riders entries over the last 5–10 years, as seen throughout the US. 
Past winners.
The following gives Fitchburg Criterium winners for 1960–1990, stage race winners for 1991–2010, and day winners for 2013–2019.

</doc>
<doc id="7016094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016094" title="Forepaugh Park">
Forepaugh Park

Forepaugh Park was a baseball ground located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, at Broad and Dauphin Streets in North Philadelphia. It had an estimated capacity of 5,000. The ground was home to the Philadelphia Quakers of the Players' League in 1890 and the American Association in 1891. The ballpark featured a bicycle track and was a popular velodrome in Philadelphia in the early 1890s. The ballpark was owned by and named for Adam Forepaugh and the grounds used for circuses and various types of exhibitions until 1894. The property was sold for development and residences constructed in 1895.
History.
In April 1886, Forepaugh and P. T. Barnum joined to present a circus at Forepaugh Park that featured 50 marching elephants, 1,000 horses, a Wild West show, and the skeleton of Jumbo the elephant who had died the previous year.
Contemporary maps locate the ballpark on the block bounded by North Broad Street (west, third base); Dauphin Street (south, first base); North 13th Street (east, right field); and York Street (north, left field); and with the north-south streets Pembroke (now Watts) Street and Park Avenue penciled in to cut through the ballpark, which they were in 1894 after the block was sold to developers. This placed the ballpark just two blocks, corner-to-corner, from the National League Park. 
The ballpark was accessible by six streetcar lines and two blocks from the Reading Railroad's Huntington Street Station. The Players League Athletics signed a lease in December 1889 to pay $5,000 rent for the 1890 season. 
Prior to the 1890 season, a new grandstand pavilion was erected for the 1890 Players League season and painted in bright colors. During the summer, a new cinder bicycle track was laid down which attracted amateur competitions.
During the 1890 season, the ballpark was concurrently dubbed "Brotherhood Park", a common practice for the ballfields used by the Players' League clubs. The largest crowd was 17,812 on April 30, 1890 when the Athletics hosted the Boston Reds.
Philadelphia's Players League club at Forepaugh Park outdrew the American Association Philadelphia Athletics at the Jefferson Street Grounds in 1890. The American Association Athletics had lost their best players to the Players League club which led to the club's financial ruin and expulsion from the American Association after the 1890 season. With the concurrent folding of the Players League, the American Association granted the Philadelphia franchise to Players League Athletics owner J. Earl Wagner. The Athletics played their 1891 home games at Forepaugh Park.
Adam Forepaugh had passed away in January 1890. The filing of the account of his assets in Orphans Court in April 1891 appraised the value of Forepaugh Park at $400,000.
On August 1, 1891, Forepaugh Park and its bicycle track hosted the Philadelphia Cycle Dealers' Road Race and Race Meeting which included twelve individual events.
In October 1891, Barnum and Bailey erected their tents at the ballpark grounds. Their tents had seating for 16,000 and they presented the show, "Rome Under Nero." 
Forepark Park often featured soccer. The All Philadelphias faced the Cosmopolitans of New York on March 24, 1894 for the inter city championship. 2,000 fans saw the All Philadelphia win 4 to 0 including Phillies ownership and manager Arthur Irwin who would organize the American League of Professional Football later that year. 
Philadelphia's Ancient Order of Hibernians held its community games at Forepaugh Park on Memorial Day 1894.
In the summer of 1894, the outdoor spectacle, "The Destruction of Herculaneum" was presented on a specially constructed stage with a grand ballet troupe, artificial lake, and pyrotechnics.

</doc>
<doc id="7016103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016103" title="Gloucester Point Grounds">
Gloucester Point Grounds

Gloucester Point Grounds is a former baseball ground located in Gloucester City, New Jersey. The ground, roughly bounded by the present day streets: 5th St, Jersey Ave, 7th St, Charles St, and Pine St and then located just behind Thompson's Hotel, along a creek, was the part-time home to the Philadelphia Athletics of the American Association from 1888 to 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="7016113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016113" title="Marcel Storme">
Marcel Storme

Marcel Storme (3 August 1930, Ghent – 30 March 2018) was a Belgian lawyer, member of the Ghent Bar, and Christian Democratic Party politician. He was the son of Professor Jules Storme and Maria Bosteels.
He went to school in the Sint-Barbaracollege in Ghent (Rhetorica 1947). He studied law at the University of Ghent and further in Paris and London, and wrote his habilitating thesis on the burden of proof ("De bewijslast in het Belgisch privaatrecht", 1961). 
He became Emeritus Professor of Law at the University of Antwerp and the University of Ghent, where he held the Chair in Civil Procedure. 
He was a member of the Belgian Senate for the CVP (co-opted) from 1977 to 1981. He is a former president and member of the Royal Flemish Academy of Belgium for Science and the Arts, former president of the Vlaamse Juristenvereniging (Flemish Association of Lawyers) (1983–1996), president of the International Association of Procedural Law and of the Interuniversity Centre for procedural law, Chairman of the Commission for the Approximation of Procedural Law in Europe, dr. jur. h. c. Lublin University and honorary professor Beijing University.
He became a foreign member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1991.
He was married on 11 July 1956 to Godelieve de Schryver, daughter of Minister of State August de Schryver and had two sons (Matthias Storme and Pieter Storme, who died young).

</doc>
<doc id="7016117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016117" title="Herman's tortoise">
Herman's tortoise



</doc>
<doc id="7016118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016118" title="Operation Rosewood">
Operation Rosewood



</doc>
<doc id="7016124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016124" title="Parang-do">
Parang-do



</doc>
<doc id="7016125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016125" title="Pink Cadillac">
Pink Cadillac

Pink Cadillac may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7016130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016130" title="Stay With Me (Danity Kane song)">
Stay With Me (Danity Kane song)



</doc>
<doc id="7016131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016131" title="Parang Island">
Parang Island



</doc>
<doc id="7016135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016135" title="Paul Frankl">
Paul Frankl

Paul Frankl (22 April 1878 – 30 January 1962) was an art historian born in Austria-Hungary. 
Frankl is most known for his writings on the history and principles of architecture, which he famously presented within a Gestalt-oriented framework.
Early education and career.
Paul Frankl was born in Prague into the prominent rabbinic Spira-Frankl family. From 1888 to 1896, he attended a German Gymnasium, after which he enrolled in the German Staats-Obergymnasium of Prague, graduating in 1896. He served for one year as Lieutenant in the Austrian military. In order to pursue a degree in higher education, he converted to Catholicism, a move that was not uncommon among non-Catholics during this era. He matriculated to the Technische Hochschule in Munich and, later, Berlin, and graduated with a degree in architecture in 1904.
While in Berlin, Frankl fostered social relationships within circles of philosophers and artists whose members included fellow Pragueian Max Wertheimer, who knew Käthe Kollwitz. These artists and philosophers not only introduced Frankl to new systems of thinking, such as Gestalt psychology, but also to his future wife, the artist and musician, Elsa Herzberg, who shared a studio with Käthe Kollwitz. Frankl and Herzberg eventually had five children.
In 1908, Frankl left his work as an architect to study philosophy, history, and art history at the Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität in Munich under Heinrich Wölfflin and Berthold Riehl, the founder of the Institut für Kunstgeschichte. Riehl supervised Frankl's doctoral dissertation on fifteenth-century glass painting in southern Germany.
After the completion of his dissertation in 1910, Frankl worked as Wölfflin's assistant and wrote his "Habilitationsschrift", which offered a systematic definition of the formal principles of architecture from the Renaissance onwards. Frankl was heavily influenced by Wölfflin's understanding of architectural development, but did not adhere to Wölfflin's views on formalism. From 1914 to 1920, Frankl held a position as privatdozent, which enabled him to teach at the University of Munich while contributing to the "Handbuch der Kunstwissenschaft" (ed. Albert Brinckmann and Fritz Burger). In 1914, Frankl wrote his first theoretical work, "Die Entwicklungsphasen der neueren Baukunst" (1914). "Die Entwicklungsphasen" proposes four major categories of art history analysis - spatial composition, treatment of mass and surface, treatment of optical effects, and the relation of design to social function - that Frankl continued to draw upon in his later work.
Frankl held an assistant professorship at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich from 1920 to 1921, after which he became full professor at Halle University. It was here that Frankl initiated his lifelong interest in medieval architecture. His study, "Die frühmittelalterliche und romanische Baukunst" (1926) exemplifies his categorical distinctions between Romanesque and Gothic architecture - the former being "additive", "frontal", and "structural" while the latter is "partial", "diagonal", and "textural". In 1933, Frankl's enthusiasm for medieval architecture led him to join a group of medievalists at the 13th International Congress of the History of Art in Stockholm to view the only gothic church whose original wooden arch scaffolding was still extant.
The Nazis terminated Frankl's position in Halle in 1934. Upon leaving the university, Frankl returned to Munich and wrote his monumental treatise, "Das System der Kunstwissenschaft" (1938), which offered a comprehensive history of art grounded in phenomenology and morphology. "Das System" was issued in Czechoslovakia since Jewish authors were censored in Germany and Austria. During this time, Frankl also made a brief trip to Constantinople.
Transitions to the United States, 1934-1947.
Frankl traveled to the United States in 1938, where he sought work and refuge from Nazi power. Although he was fluent in seven languages, English was not his strength. In spite of this, Frankl taught for a short time at a volunteer seminar that Julius S. Held organized. After six months, Frankl's visa expired and he became desperately ill. In order to apply for US citizenship, he sailed to Cuba – so as to step on "foreign" soil – and reentered the United States as an immigrant. In 1939, with the assistance of Max Wertheimer, Paul Oskar Kristeller, and Erwin Panofsky, Frankl received a position as art historian at the Institute of Advanced Study at Princeton University. The Institute was under the direction of Frank Aydelotte at that time. In 1949, Frankl received a tenure appointment, which he held until his death.
Four days after Kristallnacht, Frankl's wife, Elsa, and daughter, Susanne, fled to Denmark from Munich. Because Elsa's son, Wolfgang, was in England, six months after entering Denmark, Elsa was allowed to enter England as well. Upon coming to England, she was interned as an "enemy alien" on the Isle of Man.
Wolfgang had left Germany in 1933 to live in Rome, but the increased Fascist threat prompted him to seek safety in England. When Wolfgang first came to England, he was interned as an "enemy alien". However, since Wolfgang was an architect, he was allowed to live in an apartment with the caveat that if he wandered more than 5 miles from the apartment, he had to inform the authorities. He helped to design buildings during the rebuilding of London after the Blitz.
Susanne escaped to Sweden with the Danish boat-saving rescue venture (Rescue of the Danish Jews) after the Nazis started their attempt at rounding up the Jews.
Another daughter, Johanna, survived the war in Berlin with protected status with her non-Jewish husband.
Frankl’s youngest daughter, Regula, followed soon after Frankl to the US. Since she was still a minor, she was allowed to stay in the US without renewing her visa. She went to Radcliffe under a special program for German refugees.
As a personal response to the plight of the Jewish people and his family, Frankl joined a committee at Princeton that sought to hypothesize a world government system that would ensure that racial genocide could never happen again. Among the committee's members numbered Albert Einstein. During this period, Frankl wrote a book called "Welt Regierung" (1948), his own thoughts on a system of world government.
Later life and career, 1947-1962.
Frankl returned to Europe in 1947 with the support of a Guggenheim Grant. For two years, Frankl studied European cathedrals and taught at European universities. After returning to the United States, he wrote "The Gothic: Literary Sources and Interpretations through Eight Centuries" (1960) and "Gothic Architecture" (1962), which he completed the day of his death. These works revealed Wölfflin's continued influence on Frankl, who applied his former advisor's ideas of architectural style while supplementing his study with an analysis of social function and religious significance.
Legacy.
Frankl's work on spatial analysis influenced many German architectural historians such as Siegfried Giedion and Nikolaus Pevsner. It is possible that the work of Frankl's pupil, Richard Krautheimer, owes something to Frankl's writings on architectural function and significance. Frankl is responsible for creating the term "akyrism," which connotes the changing contexts and meanings of art.
Materials relating to Frankl's life and work are currently held at the Leo Baeck Institute in NY, USA, and the Exil Literatur Archive in Frankfurt, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="7016138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016138" title="Belum-Temengor">
Belum-Temengor

Belum-Temengor is the largest continuous forest complex in Peninsular Malaysia. Specifically, it is located in the Malaysian state of Perak (Hulu Perak) and crosses into Southern Thailand. Belum-Temenggor is divided into two sections. Belum is located up north, right by the Malaysia-Thailand border, while Temenggor is south of Belum. The Royal Belum State Park is entirely contained within the forest complex. Bang Lang National Park is on the Thailand side of the border.
Description.
Belum-Temenggor is believed to have been in existence for over 130 million years, making it one of the world's oldest rainforests, older than both the Amazon and the Congo. In the heart of the forest lies the manmade lake of Tasik Temenggor, covering 15,200 hectares which is dotted with hundreds of islands.
The area has been identified as an Environmentally Sensitive Area (ESA) Rank 1 under the Malaysian National Physical Plan and recognized by Birdlife International as an Important Bird Area. The Malaysian federal government has labelled the area as a whole as an essential water catchment area and part of Central Forest Spine and plans to protect the forest under the Malaysian National Forestry Act. Despite that, between the two, only part of Belum Forest Reserve has been gazetted as a State Park while the rest are production forest open for development. Temenggor in particular is facing considerable deforestation due to logging. Environmental organizations such as Malaysian Nature Society and the World Wildlife Fund have been lobbying both the state and the federal government to gazette the area as a park. The state government of Perak, however, has resisted the effort, citing that logging provides the state with more than RM 30 million in revenue.
Nevertheless, the state government gazetted , part of the Belum forest reserve as state park on May 3, 2007.
There is a plan to convert the natural forest to plantation forest along the East-West Highway.
Fauna and flora.
Belum-Temenggor's relatively untouched forest is home to a wide variety of flora and fauna including 14 of the world's most threatened mammals including the Malayan tiger, Indian elephant, white handed gibbon, Malaysian sunbear and tapir. Other animals include seladang, wild boars, numerous species of deer, pythons and cobras.
As of 2019, due to poaching and the depletion of prey, the number of tigers in Belum-Temengor Forest Reserve has declined about 60 percent over a period of 7-8 years, from approximately 60 to 23.
Belum Temenggor is home to over 300 avian species. It is the only existing forest where all 10 species of hornbill that inhabit Malaysia are found, namely the white-crowned hornbill, bushy-crested hornbill, wrinkled hornbill, wreathed hornbill, plain-pouched hornbill, black hornbill, Oriental pied hornbill, rhinoceros hornbill, great hornbill and helmeted hornbill. In the forest, one can also find 3,000 species of flowering plants, including 3 species of "Rafflesia", the world's largest flower.
Malaysia is home to a variety of different insect and arthropod species. Notable examples would include the stalk-eyed fly, violin fly, lantern fly, and a variety of stick insects. The Brown marmorated stink bug is native to parts of East Asia and has now become an invasive species in Europe and North America. Scientists are considering introducing the parasitoid wasp "Trissolcus japonicus", which preys on the eggs of the stink bug. 

</doc>
<doc id="7016151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016151" title="Kallebäck">
Kallebäck

Kallebäck is one of 8 districts in Örgryte borough, Gothenburg, Sweden.
The name Kallebäck means "The brook with the cauldron" and the name dates back to 1496.
The buildings in Kallebäck mostly consists of apartment buildings built between 1960 and 1970. The buildings in the north part of Kallebäck are generally lower, with only 3-4 floors. The buildings nearer to the highway E6 are higher: 12 floors. As part of Bostad2021, 1800 apartments are being built, with move in dates ranging from 2021 to 2027, along Smörgatan. The area also has a 14 stories high building, named Ostkupan ("The cheese cover") with about 360 students, and its own pub in the basement.
Geography.
Kallebäck is located in Örgryte borough, which contains 7 more districts:

</doc>
<doc id="7016153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016153" title="Self control (disambiguation)">
Self control (disambiguation)

Self-control is the motivation to control oneself.
Self control or Self Control may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7016157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016157" title="Fornax cluster">
Fornax cluster



</doc>
<doc id="7016159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016159" title="Metropolitan Park (Manhattan)">
Metropolitan Park (Manhattan)

Metropolitan Park is a former baseball ground located in East Harlem, Manhattan, in New York City. The ground was the part-time home to the New York Metropolitans of the American Association in 1884.
The wooden ballpark was built a few blocks east and south from their first home, the original Polo Grounds, on a piece of land bounded by 109th Street (north), the Harlem River (east), 107th Street (south), and First Avenue (west). It was built a block east and north of the site of the Red House hotel and grounds, which had hosted trotting, cricket and baseball from 1833 until its demise in about 1867.
The park had been built on a former dumping ground, a fact which contributed to its quick demise. It also suffered from the various swamp-related unpleasantries, such as mosquitoes, which had led to the shutdown of the Red House grounds.
The Mets played their first game at Metropolitan Park on May 13, 1884, amid a degree of publicity. However, the park proved unsatisfactory, and was soon labeled "The Dump" by players and other observers (especially sports reporters working for the "Brooklyn Eagle"). The Mets returned to the Polo Grounds for games starting on July 17, 1884, except when the New York Giants were playing at home. The final Mets game played at Metropolitan Park was on August 23, 1884. The Mets then returned to their original Polo Grounds venue, in time to win the American Association pennant. 
The park had a capacity of about 5,000.
The park continued to be used for occasional amateur baseball and football for a year or two after the Mets abandoned it. The block is now occupied by 1199 Plaza, a complex of residential buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="7016165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016165" title="Manda Jagannath">
Manda Jagannath

Manda Jagannath (; 22 May 1951 – 12 January 2025) was an Indian politician who was a member of the 11th, 13th, 14th &amp; 15th Lok Sabha, representing Nagarkurnool constituency. He belonged to the Bahujan Samaj Party.
Background.
Manda Jagannadham was born in Mahbubnagar district, Telangana on 22 May 1951. He held a bachelor's degree in medicine. Jagannath did his MBBS from Osmania University.
Jagannath died on 12 January 2025, at the age of 73.
Career.
After graduating with a medicine degree he worked as a doctor in Mahbubnagar and Hyderabad.
Political career.
Jagannath was one among the 5 members representing Telugu Desam Party in Lok Sabha, and a member of the party's Polit Bureau, its decision-making body. He was expelled from Telugu Desam for voting against Telugu Desam Party. He was expelled &amp; disqualified from Lok Sabha by speaker Somnath Chatterjee for voting against party's WHIP. He represented the Nagarkurnool constituency of Andhra Pradesh.
He switched to the Indian National Congress party during the No Confidence Motion. He was re-elected in 2009. On 29 December 2008, Mr Jagannath was appointed Andhra Pradesh government's special representative in New Delhi.
TRS Party.
Jagannath joined TRS party at the peak of Telangana agitation.
Bahujan Samaj Party.
Jagannath was inducted into the Bahujan Samaj Party by Manda Prabhakar, the State President of BSP.
External links.
Manda Jagannath was in news, for slapping AP Grameena Vikas Bank manager in Mahabubnagar district on 2 July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7016168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016168" title="Token Ring">
Token Ring

Token Ring is a physical and data link layer computer networking technology used to build local area networks. It was introduced by IBM in 1984, and standardized in 1989 as IEEE 802.5. It uses a special three-byte frame called a "token" that is passed around a logical "ring" of workstations or servers. This token passing is a channel access method providing fair access for all stations, and eliminating the collisions of contention-based access methods.
Following its introduction, Token Ring technology became widely adopted, particularly in corporate environments, but was gradually eclipsed by newer iterations of Ethernet. The last formalized Token Ring standard that was completed was Gigabit Token Ring (IEEE 802.5z), published on May 4, 2001.
History.
A wide range of different local area network technologies were developed in the early 1970s, of which one, the Cambridge Ring, had demonstrated the potential of a token passing ring topology, and many teams worldwide began working on their own implementations. At the IBM Zurich Research Laboratory Werner Bux and Hans Müller, in particular, worked on the design and development of IBM's Token Ring technology, while early work at MIT led to the Proteon ProNet-10 Token Ring network in 1981 the same year that workstation vendor Apollo Computer introduced their proprietary Apollo Token Ring (ATR) network running over 75-ohm RG-6U coaxial cabling. Proteon later developed an upgraded version that ran on unshielded twisted pair cable.
1985 IBM launch.
IBM launched their own proprietary Token Ring product on October 15, 1985. It ran at , and attachment was possible from IBM PCs, midrange computers and mainframes. It used a convenient star-wired physical topology and ran over shielded twisted-pair cabling. Shortly thereafter it became the basis for the IEEE 802.5 standard.
During this time, IBM argued that Token Ring LANs were superior to Ethernet, especially under load, but these claims were debated.
In 1988, the faster Token Ring was standardized by the 802.5 working group. An increase to was standardized and marketed during the wane of Token Ring's existence and was never widely used. While a standard was approved in 2001, no products were ever brought to market and standards activity came to a standstill as Fast Ethernet and Gigabit Ethernet dominated the local area networking market.
Comparison with Ethernet.
Early Ethernet and Token Ring both used a shared transmission medium. They differed in their channel access methods. These differences have become immaterial, as modern Ethernet networks consist of switches and point-to-point links operating in full-duplex mode.
Token Ring and legacy Ethernet have some notable differences:
Operation.
Stations on a Token Ring LAN are logically organized in a ring topology with data being transmitted sequentially from one ring station to the next with a control token circulating around the ring controlling access. Similar token passing mechanisms are used by ARCNET, token bus, 100VG-AnyLAN (802.12) and FDDI, and they have theoretical advantages over the CSMA/CD of early Ethernet.
Access control.
The data transmission process goes as follows:
Multistation Access Units and Controlled Access Units.
Physically, a Token Ring network is wired as a star, with 'MAUs' in the center, 'arms' out to each station, and the loop going out-and-back through each.
A MAU could present in the form of a hub or a switch; since Token Ring had no collisions many MAUs were manufactured as hubs. Although Token Ring runs on LLC, it includes source routing to forward packets beyond the local network. The majority of MAUs are configured in a 'concentration' configuration by default, but later MAUs also supporting a feature to act as splitters and not concentrators exclusively such as on the IBM 8226.
Later IBM would release Controlled Access Units that could support multiple MAU modules known as a Lobe Attachment Module. The CAUs supported features such as Dual-Ring Redundancy for alternate routing in the event of a dead port, modular concentration with LAMs, and multiple interfaces like most later MAUs. This offered a more reliable setup and remote management than with an unmanaged MAU hub.
Cabling and interfaces.
Cabling is generally IBM "Type-1", a heavy two-pair 150 ohm shielded twisted pair cable. This was the basic cable for the "IBM Cabling System", a structured cabling system that IBM hoped would be widely adopted. Unique hermaphroditic connectors, referred to as IBM Data Connectors in formal writing or colloquially as Boy George connectors, were used. The connectors have the disadvantage of being quite bulky, requiring at least panel space, and being relatively fragile. The advantages of the connectors being that they are genderless and have superior shielding over standard unshielded 8P8C. Connectors at the computer were usually DE-9 female. Several other types of cable existed such as type 2, and type 3 cable.
In later implementations of Token Ring, Cat 4 cabling was also supported, so 8P8C (RJ45) connectors were used on both of the MAUs, CAUs and NICs; with many of the network cards supporting both 8P8C and DE-9 for backwards compatibility.
Technical details.
Frame types.
Token.
When no station is sending a frame, a special token frame circles the loop. This special token frame is repeated from station to station until arriving at a station that needs to send data.
Tokens are three octets in length and consist of a start delimiter, an access control octet, and an end delimiter.
Abort frame.
Used by the sending station to abort transmission.
Data.
Data frames carry information for upper-layer protocols, while command frames contain control information and have no
data for upper-layer protocols. Data and command frames vary in size, depending on the size of the Information field.
Active and standby monitors.
Every station in a Token Ring network is either an active monitor (AM) or standby monitor (SM) station. There can be only one active monitor on a ring at a time. The active monitor is chosen through an election or "monitor contention" process.
The monitor contention process is initiated when the following happens:
When any of the above conditions take place and a station decides that a new monitor is needed, it will transmit a "claim token" frame, announcing that it wants to become the new monitor. If that token returns to the sender, it is OK for it to become the monitor. If some other station tries to become the monitor at the same time then the station with the highest MAC address will win the election process. Every other station becomes a standby monitor. All stations must be capable of becoming an active monitor station if necessary.
The active monitor performs a number of ring administration functions. The first function is to operate as the master clock for the ring in order to provide synchronization of the signal for stations on the wire. Another function of the AM is to insert a 24-bit delay into the ring, to ensure that there is always sufficient buffering in the ring for the token to circulate. A third function for the AM is to ensure that exactly one token circulates whenever there is no frame being transmitted, and to detect a broken ring. Lastly, the AM is responsible for removing circulating frames from the ring.
Token insertion process.
Token Ring stations must go through a 5-phase ring insertion process before being allowed to participate in the ring network. If any of these phases fail, the Token Ring station will not "insert" into the ring and the Token Ring driver may report an error.
Optional priority scheme.
In some applications there is an advantage to being able to designate one station having a higher priority. Token Ring specifies an optional scheme of this sort, as does the CAN Bus, (widely used in automotive applications) – but Ethernet does not.
In the Token Ring priority MAC, eight priority levels, 0–7, are used. When the station wishing to transmit receives a token or data frame with a priority less than or equal to the station's requested priority, it sets the priority bits to its desired priority. The station does not immediately transmit; the token circulates around the medium until it returns to the station. Upon sending and receiving its own data frame, the station downgrades the token priority back to the original priority.
Here are the following eight access priority and traffic types for devices that support 802.1Q and 802.1p:
Interconnection with Ethernet.
Bridging solutions for Token Ring and Ethernet networks included the AT&amp;T StarWAN 10:4 Bridge, the IBM 8209 LAN Bridge and the Microcom LAN Bridge. Alternative connection solutions incorporated a router that could be configured to dynamically filter traffic, protocols and interfaces, such as the IBM 2210-24M Multiprotocol Router, which contained both Ethernet and Token Ring interfaces.
Operating system support.
In 2012, David S. Miller merged a patch to remove token ring networking support from the Linux kernel.

</doc>
<doc id="7016172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016172" title="U.D. Oliveirense (roller hockey)">
U.D. Oliveirense (roller hockey)

União Desportiva Oliveirense is a roller hockey club from Oliveira de Azeméis, Portugal.
History.
After the first steps of the section in 1969, the club officially registered in the Portuguese Federation in 1970. In 1987 ended as runners-up of the Portuguese league and achieved their first Portuguese Cup. In 1997, Oliveirense achieved their first European cup by winning the CERS Cup.
In 2010, Oliveirense would start their golden era, by winning two consecutive national cups in 2011 and 2012. The club will also end as runner-up of the CERH European League in the seasons 2015–16 and 2016–17, being defeated by Benfica and Reus Deportiu in both editions.
Oliveirense would change their luck by beating Reus Deportiu in the final of the 2017 CERH Continental Cup, thus achieving their second European title.
Achievements.
National.
1996–97, 2010–11, 2011–12, 2018–19

</doc>
<doc id="7016175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016175" title="Etchu fundoshi">
Etchu fundoshi



</doc>
<doc id="7016178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016178" title="M74 group of galaxies">
M74 group of galaxies



</doc>
<doc id="7016195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016195" title="Pink Cadillac (song)">
Pink Cadillac (song)

"Pink Cadillac" is a song by Bruce Springsteen released as the non-album B-side of "Dancing in the Dark" in 1984. The song received much airplay worldwide and appeared on the "Billboard" Top Tracks chart for 14 weeks, peaking at No. 27. The song was also a prominent concert number during Springsteen's Born in the U.S.A. Tour.
Bette Midler loved the song and recorded it for her 1983 "No Frills" album. But after it had been recorded, Springsteen legally stopped the release. "Pink Cadillac" had its highest-profile incarnation via an R&amp;B interpretation by Natalie Cole, which became a top-ten single in 1988. 
Bruce Springsteen version.
Background.
Springsteen originally wrote "Pink Cadillac" as "Love Is a Dangerous Thing" in December 1981; this version was lyrically distinct from the eventual "Pink Cadillac" except for the line "Eve tempted Adam with an apple", which Springsteen decided to make the basis for a more lighthearted lyric. The first lyrics Springsteen wrote for "Pink Cadillac" were: "They say Eve tempted Adam with an apple but man I ain't going for that/ I know it was her pink Cadillac". The auto imagery was inspired by Elvis Presley's 1954 rendition of "Baby Let's Play House" in which Presley replaced the original lyric: "You may get religion" with: "You may have a pink Cadillac", a reference to the custom painted Cadillac that was then Presley's touring vehicle.
Recording.
First recorded by Springsteen in an acoustic version in early January 1982 in the session whose tracks would comprise the "Nebraska" album, "Pink Cadillac" was not formally recorded by Springsteen until the sessions for his "Born in the U.S.A." album, in the spring of 1983. At the end of one session, when most of the crew had left the studio, Springsteen impulsively cut a basic track of him singing "Pink Cadillac" to his guitar accompaniment; this track was completed with the E Street Band the following morning. Although not included on the completed "Born in the U.S.A." album, being bumped from the track list that April in favor of "I'm Goin' Down", "Pink Cadillac" was released in 1984 as the B-side of the album's lead single, "Dancing in the Dark".
The track would appear as one of two songs (along with "Cover Me") on a CD3 released in 1988, but was not included on any Springsteen album until "Tracks" in 1998, and "18 Tracks" in 1999, both these titles being anthologies of Springsteen's outtakes-and-B-sides.
Springsteen's version of "Pink Cadillac" is often compared to the "Peter Gunn" theme by Henry Mancini, which it resembles in its main riff and saxophone break.
In 2006, Springsteen appeared on a recording of "Pink Cadillac" by Jerry Lee Lewis on his album "Last Man Standing".
In concert.
Performing the song live, Springsteen explained the song as being "about the conflict between worldly things and spiritual health, between desires of the flesh and spiritual ecstasy," in a long tongue-in-cheek spoken introduction.
Personnel.
According to authors Philippe Margotin and Jean-Michel Guesdon:
Natalie Cole version.
In mid-1987, American singer-songwriter and actress Natalie Cole recorded "Pink Cadillac" at the suggestion of producer Dennis Lambert; Cole recalls: "I thought to myself, 'I'm too old to be doing this kind of stuff', but then I'd never worked with anyone quite like Dennis before. He was very passionate about his work [and] his enthusiasm gave me the confidence that I could pull [the song] off." The track was intended for an album release on the Modern label; that project was canceled and Cole's "Pink Cadillac" and another Lambert production: "I Live For Your Love", were picked up by EMI-Manhattan Records to appear on Cole's 1987 album "Everlasting". 
"Pink Cadillac" was released as that album's third single in March 1988. In May 1988, the song reached number five on both the "Billboard" Hot 100 and "Cashbox" Top 100, matching Cole's previous best with "I've Got Love on My Mind" and becoming her first top ten hit since 1978. "Pink Cadillac" also reached number nine on the R&amp;B chart, number 16 on the A/C chart and, via a remix by David Cole (no relation) and Robert Clivilles, number one on "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart. It became her first top ten hit in the United Kingdom by reaching number five on the UK Singles Chart, her first top forty hit there since 1977. 
According to Cole, "word got back" to her that Springsteen "thought it was very cool that a woman could [sing "Pink Cadillac"] and it would come out so great". (Springsteen had vetoed a 1983 release of Bette Midler's version of the song as gender-inappropriate.)
Critical reception.
Tony Reed from "Melody Maker" wrote, "Natalie struts her sassy stuff across a brass arrangement so punchy it runs Two Ton Tony Tubbs a close second, it's got a bottom end that should have the Wayne and Debbie clubs quaking, and an aesthetic mistake of a synth solo which, in kindness, we'll overlook. Think The Pointer Sisters circa "Neutron Dance", and you'll be on the right lines; a totally "professional" record her dad would be proud of, perfect MTV fodder, drive time music."
Music video.
The music video for "Pink Cadillac" was directed by Maurice Phillips.
Personnel.
Album version.
Per the "Everlasting" album liner notes:
Jerry Lee Lewis version.
Jerry Lee Lewis covered the song on his 2006 album "Last Man Standing" with additional vocals by Springsteen himself. The single was released in 2006 on country music stations in the United States. The animated music video premiered on CMT in November 2006.
Other versions.
Bette Midler added "Pink Cadillac" to the set list for her 1982-83 De Tour tour and recorded the song for inclusion on her 1983 "No Frills" album; however, Springsteen blocked the release of Midler's version on the grounds that "Pink Cadillac" was not a "girl's song". According to the Midler biography "Still Divine" by Mark Bego, Midler was severely disappointed by Springsteen's veto, which forced her to record a new track ("Beast of Burden") for "No Frills" at considerable expense. Midler's August 1984 video release "Art or Bust" video - comprising footage from the two De Tour concerts at the University of Minnesota - included "Pink Cadillac" as the opening number.
Aretha Franklin is sometimes mis-credited as a singer of "Pink Cadillac" as the imagery occurs in her 1985 comeback hit "Freeway of Love" with the same metaphoric sense as in the Springsteen original, the lyric being: "We're going riding on the freeway of love in my pink Cadillac".
The Chipettes covered Natalie Cole's version for their 1988 album "The Chipmunks and The Chipettes: Born to Rock".
"Pink Cadillac" has long been a staple of Melissa Etheridge's live repertoire; at a 2 October 1996 Milwaukee concert by Etheridge, Springsteen joined her onstage to close the show with a duet of "Pink Cadillac". Etheridge has never recorded "Pink Cadillac", although her live performance is widely available as a bootleg recording.
Carl Perkins recorded a version of "Pink Cadillac" on his 1992 album "Friends, Family &amp; Legends". 
Southern Pacific released a version on their 1986 album, "Killbilly Hill".
Brian Conley recorded "Pink Cadillac" for his 1993 "Brian Conley Sings" album.
The 2003 album "Light of Day: A Tribute to Bruce Springsteen" includes a rendition of "Pink Cadillac" by Graham Parker.
It appeared on the 2004 album "Live in Asbury Park, Vol. 2" by Clarence Clemons and Temple of Soul.
Bobby Mackey released it as a single in 2011.
Grace Gaustad released a cover in February of 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="7016196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016196" title="Mary Spiteri">
Mary Spiteri

Mary Spiteri (born 25 October 1947) is a Maltese singer and television personality from Naxxar. She has participated in various national and international music festivals, one of which she came third when representing Malta in the Eurovision Song Contest. She is known for her support for the Labour Party in her home country.
Eurovision and later.
Spiteri represented Malta in the 1992 Eurovision Song Contest held in Malmö, Sweden, with the song "Little Child". Spiteri finished in third place behind Ireland and the United Kingdom. But 1992 was not Spiteri's first attempt at Eurovision. In 1971, she participated in the Maltese heat of Eurovision with the song "Min Int?" (Who Are You?). Another attempt was made in 1975 when Spiteri performed two songs in the Maltese final, "Live For Tomorrow" and "Try a Little Love Today".
After her 1992 appearance, Spiteri became something of a diva figure to Eurovision fans and was presented with an award by Eurovision Network at their convention held in Coventry that year.
Spiteri's subsequent efforts to return to the Eurovision stage have not been successful. She was unplaced in the 1995 Maltese final with "Just One Love" but managed third place in 1997 with "Lovers Play with Words". In September 2006, Spiteri announced that she hoped to participate in the Malta Song for Europe Festival in 2007, and submitted a number of songs, none of which were selected for the Maltese Song for Europe Festival.
Spiteri tried again and she has successfully entered two songs which competed in Malta Song For Europe in 2008, but was unsuccessful in reaching the Eurovision.
In 2014, it was announced that Spiteri held the longest note for 13 seconds in Eurovision Song Contest history with her performance of Little Child in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="7016200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016200" title="Columbia Park (Altoona)">
Columbia Park (Altoona)

Columbia Park was a baseball field in Altoona, Pennsylvania, which was the home field for the Altoona Mountain Citys of the Union Association (UA) during the league's only season in . 
The longest UA game by innings played was played on May 27, 1884, in Columbia Park, with the Mountain Citys beating the Baltimore Monumentals by a score of 3–2 in 13 innings.
The ballpark, which was also sometimes called Fourth Avenue Grounds, was located at Lower Sixth Street, Fourth Avenue, and Mill Run Road.

</doc>
<doc id="7016202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016202" title="Partridge Creek Fashion Park">
Partridge Creek Fashion Park



</doc>
<doc id="7016203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016203" title="Tuğra">
Tuğra



</doc>
<doc id="7016206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016206" title="Wilhelm Kügelgen">
Wilhelm Kügelgen



</doc>
<doc id="7016209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016209" title="Peter Utaka">
Peter Utaka

Peter Maduabuchi Utaka (born 12 February 1984) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a forward for J3 promoted club, Tochigi City FC. He is the younger brother of fellow professional footballer John Utaka.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Enugu, Nigeria, Utaka moved to Croatia as a 16-year-old to play in Dinamo Zagreb after trying his luck at Ismaily where his older brother John was a cult figure. In 2003, he moved to Belgium from Dinamo and signed for K. Patro Eisden Maasmechelen of the 2nd division. KVC Westerlo moved to sign him the following season, and in his first season in the top flight and the transfer was worth €250,000.
Royal Antwerpen.
Utaka joined Royal Antwerp FC in January 2007 where he became a first team regular, and he helped Antwerp qualify for the playoffs, finishing second. He also emerged top scorer with 22 goals and capped hs glorious season, winning the Best Striker's Award. He also put more gloss on his breath-taking performance that season, claiming the Most Valuable Player's award over eight times, making him one of the most feared strikers in Belgium. On 30 August 2008, it was announced that Utaka would join Danish club OB. for an undisclosed fee.
Odense Boldklub.
Utaka joined Danish side OB in 2008. In his first season, he finished joint fourth place on the scorers list, while he led all scorers in his second season. In the 2009–10 Danish Superliga he finished with 18 goals in 33 matches, the first time in five years an OB player was top scorer in the league (last was Steffen Højer in 2004-05 with 20 goals).
Utaka stayed in OB for three and a half season winning three silver medals in his first three seasons in the Danish Superliga. He also represented the club in both UEFA Europa League and the 2011–12 Champions League qualifying phase scoring a total of nine goals in 22 European matches for the club.
Dalian Aerbin.
In January 2012, Utaka moved to Chinese Super League club Dalian Aerbin. He scored 20 goals in 28 games in his first season. He also scored 11 consecutive fixtures to establish a new C-league record.
Beijing Guoan.
He transferred to Beijing Guoan on 9 July 2013 in a €2 million transfer which made him the most expensive international signing in the history of the club. He scored 15 goals in 36 appearances in all competitions for the club, before he was loaned to Shanghai Shenxin during summer transfers in 2014, managing to score only four times in thirteen appearances in all competition for the Shanghai outfit.
Shimizu S-Pulse.
In January 2015, Utaka transferred to J1 League-club Shimizu S-Pulse. The club faced a difficult season that year as they were battling relegation. At the end of the season, Utaka scored nine goals in 29 appearances, and the club ended up being seventeenth-placed, thus relegated into the J2 League.
Sanfrecce Hiroshima.
The next year he was loaned to J1 League defending champions Sanfrecce Hiroshima. He scored his first goal for the club in the Japanese Super Cup final, in a 3–1 win against Gamba Osaka. Utaka bagged his first goal in the J1 League on 12 March, scoring a 67th-minute penalty against Shonan Bellmare in a 2–2 draw at home. He scored his next in a 5–1 away win against Omiya Ardija, scoring the opening in the 22nd minute.
FC Tokyo.
After being bought by Sanfrecce Hiroshima, he was immediately loaned to FC Tokyo in March 2017. He scored four goals in his first three matches for the J1 League-club even though he started all of the matches on the bench. He represented the club 33 times and scored ten goals before he returned to Sanfrecce Hiroshima and his contract expired.
Vejle Boldklub.
In February 2018, free agent Utaka trialled with Danish side Vejle Boldklub in Turkey, where the club was on a training camp. Utaka's agent Lucas Chang Jin was co-owner of Vejle Boldklub who at that time was topping the league table in the Danish second tier. On 14 February 2018, the club announced that Utaka had signed a contract with Vejle until the summer of 2018.
Tokushima Vortis.
On 2018, Tokushima Vortis signed Peter Utaka mid-season.
Ventforet Kofu.
Utaka signed to J2 club Ventforet Kofu ahead of the 2019 season.
Kyoto Sanga.
On 23 December 2019, Utaka officially transferred to Kyoto Sanga FC ahead of the 2020 season. He helped the team to win promotion for the J1 League after the club's 12-year absence from it. He left the club after three years at Kyoto, playing his last match coming as a substitute on the 2022 J1/J2 promotion/relegation match, in which Kyoto eventually drew with Roasso Kumamoto, guaranteeing Kyoto the permanence on the J1.
Return to Ventforet Kofu.
On 30 December 2022, Utaka was announced by Ventforet Kofu as a new signing for the 2023 season, in his second stint with the Yamanashi-based club, returning to them after four seasons.
Tochigi City.
On 27 March 2025, Utaka was announce official transfer to J3 promoted club, Tochigi City FC for 2025 season.
International career.
On 21 September 2009, national coach Shaibu Amodu selected Utaka for the Nigeria national team. Utaka made his debut for Nigeria months later in a 5–2 home win over Congo DR on 3 March 2010, despite only getting his call up late after the NFF called his mother looking for him. He scored the first goal and assisted on the second. He scored twice in a Africa Cup of Nations qualification match against Ethiopia. His first goal of the match was the fastest goal in the qualifications for the season, scoring a goal after just 29 seconds into the match.
Honours.
Sanfrecce Hiroshima
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="7016212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016212" title="Julio Le Parc">
Julio Le Parc

Julio Le Parc (born September 23, 1928) is an Argentina-born artist who focuses on both modern op art and kinetic art. Le Parc attended the School of Fine Arts in Argentina. A founding member of Groupe de Recherche d’Art Visuel (GRAV) and award-winning artworks, he is a significant figure in Argentine modern art. He was bestowed the Konex Award from Argentina in 1982 and 2022.
Life.
Julio Le Parc was born into a family of limited economic means. At age thirteen he moved with his mother and brothers to Buenos Aires. While there he attended the School of Fine Arts and showed growing interest in artistic avant-garde movement in Argentina.
A precursor of Kinetic Art and Op Art, founding member of Groupe de Recherche d’Art Visuel and recipient of the Grand Prize for Painting at the 33rd Venice Biennale in 1966, Julio Le Parc is a major figure in modern art history. The socially conscious artist was expelled from France in May 1968, after participating in the Atelier Populaire and its protests against major institutions.
He currently lives and works in Cachan, France.
Career.
Early.
Julio Le Parc found an interest in art at the age of thirteen when it was evident that, while he was a mediocre student, he was exceptional at sketching portraits and illustration cards. His environment, mainly being the School of Fine Arts significantly influenced the early part of his career. While there he attended night classes while working full-time. Le Parc took a special interest in the avant-garde artistic movements in Argentina: Movement of Arte Concreto Invencion. After attending the School for four and a half years he decided to leave the school and the area. He decides to go travel the country, not speaking to his family for eight years. He later returns to the Academy of Fine Arts, where he takes an active role in student movement groups. Julio Le Parc graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts with Luis Wells and Rogelio Polesello. After returning, in 1958 Le Parc received a grant from the French Cultural Service to go to Paris, France. Much of his early career was committed to painting, engraving and creating monotypes. However, in 1959 Le Parc begins his experimentation with image produced by light multiplied by layers of planes of Plexiglas. Le Parc participated in his first exhibition, Bienal de Sáo Paulo in Sáo Paulo, Brazil in 1957.
Middle.
Upon arriving in Paris in 1958 he connected with Jesús Rafael Soto and Carlos Cruz-Diez who were already in Paris. There they met Victor Vasarely, Georges Vantongerloo, Morellet, and Denise René, whom they became friends with. René, a French art dealer, was committed to the promotion of abstract art, and later helped launch kineticism. Upon building relationships with these fellow artists and moving permanently to Paris, Le Parc began to paint what came to be known as Surfaces Sequences. These are works in which the progression of forms with slight variations create illusions of rhythmic movements when completed. In 1960 the GRAV group was established with the collective strategy to delegate the creative act to the viewer. The group advocated for art to play a wider and more active role in society.
In 1966, Le Parc won the Grand Prize in Painting at the 33rd Biennale di Venezia, Venice. He had been living in Paris for eight years at the time of receiving the award. By this time, Le Parc had invested himself in experiments with light. Le Parc had personal experiences with light and mobiles in a translucid cube, as well as an animated piece of light projected on ceilings, walls and the floor. He was also experimenting with light on a reflecting cylinder.
A defender of human rights, he fought against dictatorship in Latin America. In 1972 he refused to hold a retrospective exhibition at the Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris, after flipping a coin to make the decision.
Late.
Le Parc has continued his use of light and kinetics. However, "in the 1970s, Le Parc's artistic activities became less frequent, to the degree that his work almost went unnoticed in the international arena for several decades". Nonetheless, with a renewed interest in using light as a medium, Le Parc's work is being brought to the attention of a wider public.
In 2004 he produced with Yvonne Argenterio in the Elettrofiamma workshops, Italy, a series of sculptures (Torsions) presented at the event "Verso la Luce", in the Castle of Boldeniga (Brescia, Italy). The monumental sculpture "Verso la Luce" is still visible in the castle garden.
He received a one-man show at the Palais de Tokyo in Paris in 2013. He is socially committed to immersive art.
Selected Artworks.
"Mobil Transparent theme", 1960.
"Mobil Transparent theme" is made up of small pieces of Plexiglas connected together like a translucent cascade flowing from the ceiling. This work was the most highlighted work in his exhibition in Miami, Florida in 2011. This work was placed at the center of the main room, allowing the viewer to walk around it to see all the different angles reflected on a mirror directly below it on the floor. Le Parc made an additional version of this work, originally from 1960, for the exhibition in Miami. He was also in the school.
"Light in Movement", 1962.
"Light in Movement" is another sensorial artwork as with all of Le Parc's works, which did not aim to be a narrative but 
experienced-based. The piece is made up of painted drywall, mirrors, stainless steel, nylon thread and two spotlights.
 The work is approximately 42 ft. x 16 ft. x 16 ft. This artwork is found inside a dark semi-circular hallway where light is experienced as both a reflection and refraction. The viewer stands below the work and observes the myriad of twinkling lights around the space. This piece was also re-fabricated in 2010 for its installation at the Geffen. As with many of Le Parc's works form this time, in an interview with Alma Ruiz on MOCAs website, this piece focuses on the "visual experience and omits the anecdotal". Le Parc along with the other member of GRAV focused heavily on the viewers experience and interaction with the artworks.
"Celule Avec Luminere un Vibration", 1968.
Similar to the "Mobil Transparent theme", this piece was also a part of the Miami exhibition in 2011. The intention of "Celule Avec Luminere un Vibration" is to incorporate light and the sensorial experience of the viewer. This piece is from 1968 and is 150 x 157x 137 in. A projector displays light on a wall and changes pattern in a rhythmical way that appears to be a vibration. This piece was placed in a separate room by itself away from the other artworks to help the viewer enjoy the experiences of light and sound. The goal was to make the viewer feel as though they were isolated from the rest of the world.
"Alchemy 175 and 216", 1991-92.
One of Le Parc's key endeavors is the "Alchemy series". He used two paintings from this series in the Miami exhibition of 2011, "Alchemy 175" and "Alchemy 216". The "Alchemy series" is titled Alchemy, followed by a number representing the order that it was created. "Alchemy 175" is from 1991, and "Alchemy 216" from 1992. These two pieces are claimed to be Le Parc's tribute to this science as they both explore the significance of water. Water is referred to as one of the four main elements of nature and is the symbol of flux, renovation and purification. He is again exploring movement, however in these paintings he uses water, he does this by painting fountains sprinkling water in an umbrella form and using light to change the perception of the viewer.
"Modulation 1160", 2004.
The "Modulation series" is another significant series Le Parc has been working on since the early 70's. Again, similar to the "Alchemy series", this series is titled Modulation, followed by a number in the order that it was created. "Modulation 1160" is a work from 2004 in which many believe this is one of the finest works from the Modulation group. The piece is split into quarters, right in the middle from the top to the bottom with what appears to be a ray of light, and side to side with a structure that looks like an open fan. The work is acrylic on canvas and measures 39 ½ x 39 ½ in. This painting gives the illusion of movement of both the light and the fan at the same time. It appears that the light is actually activating the fan, thus putting it into motion. The "Modulation series" consists of hundreds of different works that Le Parc describes as experiments.

</doc>
<doc id="7016217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016217" title="Belair Lot">
Belair Lot

Belair Lot is a former baseball ground located in Baltimore, Maryland. The ground was home to the Baltimore Unions of the Union Association in 1884, with the exception of one game at the Madison Avenue Grounds. The ballpark was also called Union Park or Union Association Grounds (not to be confused with the later and better known Union Park).
On July 4, 1884, Baltimore played a split double header against the Cincinnati Outlaw Reds and the run-away league leaders, the St. Louis Maroons, which saw a sellout crowd in attendance. The field also hosted a home game (a makeup of an earlier postponement) for the traveling Chicago Browns on September 17, who played against the Maroons while in the midst of a road series against Baltimore.
Sources conflict as to some of the details of the ballpark's location. Both agree that it was across Forrest Street from the Belair Market, and that another of its boundaries was Low Street. 
Either way, the road configuration in this area has changed over time, but the boundaries of the blocks are still discernible in modern maps. No photograph of the park itself is known to exist.
The park site is now occupied by commercial buildings and vacant lots. The site of the old Belair Market is now a large grassy median separating traffic lanes on Forrest Street.

</doc>
<doc id="7016219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016219" title="Mebucaine">
Mebucaine



</doc>
<doc id="7016220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016220" title="Syntax-highlighted">
Syntax-highlighted



</doc>
<doc id="7016222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016222" title="Mebucaïne">
Mebucaïne



</doc>
<doc id="7016223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016223" title="Roku-shaku">
Roku-shaku



</doc>
<doc id="7016225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016225" title="Retirement plans">
Retirement plans



</doc>
<doc id="7016231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016231" title="Kabaka Yekka">
Kabaka Yekka

Kabaka Yekka, commonly abbreviated as KY, was a monarchist political movement and party in Uganda. "Kabaka Yekka" means 'king only' in the Ganda language, Kabaka being the title of the King in the kingdom of Buganda.
History.
Formation.
In 1960, Milton Obote helped to establish a political party in Uganda, known as the Uganda People's Congress (UPC). The UPC aimed to erode the power and influence of the "Mengo Establishment", a group of traditionalist Baganda that led the sub-national kingdom of Buganda. The Mengo Establishment was plagued by rivalries and infighting, but most of its members, as Protestant Christians, were united by their dislike of the Democratic Party (DP), which was dominated by Catholics.
The DP won a majority of the seats in the National Assembly in Uganda's first free national elections in 1961, and formed a government. The UPC and the traditionalist Baganda both disliked the Catholic orientation of the DP, but were diametrically opposed to each other's ideals. Despite this, the UPC sounded out a political alliance with the Baganda leaders and the Kabaka (King) of Buganda, Mutesa II. After several negotiations, the UPC and Baganda leaders held a conference whereupon an agreement was reached. Soon afterwards the Baganda created the Kabaka Yekka and joined an alliance with the UPC. Historian Ian Hancock attributes the formation of the KY to Sepiriya Kisawuzi Masembe-Kabali, with support from John Bakka, Latimer Mpagi and Antoni Tamale.
Electoral results and governing history.
In 1962 Kabaka Yekka allied with Uganda People's Congress. In the Lukiko elections of 22 February 1962, it won 65 of the 68 seats, with a vote share of more than 90%. The Lukiko duly elected 21 KY members to the National Assembly. The UPC won a majority in the April 1962 general elections for the National Assembly, so Obote was tasked with forming a government. He became Prime Minister of a UPC-KY coalition government, with the KY holding mostly insignificant portfolios. Obote subsequently undermined the alliance with the KY by establishing UPC offices in Baganda in contravention of the inter-party agreement, and by encouraging KY members of the assembly to defect to his party through offers of patronage.
In 1964 a conservative in the UPC, Grace Ibingira initiated a struggle to gain control of the party with the ultimate goal of deposing Obote. Meanwhile, Mutesa increasingly feared that the UPC would deny his kingdom its traditional autonomy and concluded that in order to retain power he would have to garner influence in national politics. He proceeded to instruct Baganda MPs to join the UPC with the goal of bolstering Ibingira's position and unseating Obote, thus allowing for a reorientation of the UPC-KY alliance that would be more favorable to Buganda. On 24 August, Obote, with the UPC having consolidated a majority in Parliament, declared that the coalition with KY was dissolved.
In 1969, Kabaka Yekka was banned along with all other opposition parties when Obote declared the UPC Uganda's only official party.
In 1980 Mayanja Nkangi founded the Conservative Party, which is considered to be a "de facto" successor of Kabaka Yekka.
Ideology.
Abu Mayanja, a leading spokesman for the KY-dominated government of Buganda, described how "we in Kabaka Yekka hold than only a government based on the institution of Kabakaship can be stable in Buganda... [we believe] that the first duty of government is to maintain and uphold the institution of monarchy as the foundation of order, security, unity and patriotism in Buganda".

</doc>
<doc id="7016234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016234" title="Dartmouth Grounds">
Dartmouth Grounds



</doc>
<doc id="7016235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016235" title="What's Going On (Cyndi Lauper song)">
What's Going On (Cyndi Lauper song)



</doc>
<doc id="7016236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016236" title="The Cream Of Clapton">
The Cream Of Clapton



</doc>
<doc id="7016239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016239" title="Vasily Kholmsky">
Vasily Kholmsky

Vasily Danilovich Kholmsky () was a Russian "knyaz", "Boyar" and Muscovite "voyevoda". He was the son of Prince Daniil Kholmsky and the son-in-law of Grand Prince Ivan III, having married his daughter Feodosiya Ivanovna. Kholmsky was a member of the princely house Kholmsky, and descended from the rulers of the Principality of Tver.
Life.
Vasily Kholmsky, a nobleman from Moscow, served as one of the commanders of the Big Regiment () during the Novgorod campaigns of 1492 and 1495. Recognizing Kholmsky's bravery in battle, Ivan III admitted him to the royal court and welcomed him to his circle of friends.
In 1500, Ivan arranged marriage between Vasily and Feodosiya Ivanovna, the second daughter of the Grand Duke (Ivan the Great). However, she died on 19 February the following year.
Shortly thereafter, Ivan gave Vasily the title of "Boyar". In 1502, Vasily Kholmsky and Dmitry Ivanovich, son of Ivan III, fought against the Lithuanians in the Smolensk region.
In 1505-1506 Kholmsky resumed command of the Big Regiment and was ordered to defend Murom and Nizhny Novgorod. A year later, he suffered a crushing defeat at the hands of the Tatars near Kazan. He was soon sent there again with a large force to subdue the city's inhabitants. In September of that year, Kholmsky defeated the Lithuanian army at Mstislavl, Polotsk, and other places. 
In 1509, Lithuania launched another invasion of Muscovy and emerged victorious against the Moscow forces. Upon hearing the news, Kholmsky's troops, stationed in Mozhaisk at the time, immediately mobilized and defeated the Lithuanian army at Vyazma. Kholmsky then marched on Dorogobuzh, which was occupied by Polish "voivode" Stanislaw Kiszka. Kholmsky defeated Kiszka's army and forced him to flee to Smolensk. In pursuit of the Polish voivode, Vasily Kholmsky captured Dorogobuzh and Starodub before moving on to Bryansk.
Suddenly, Vasili III summoned him to Moscow and exiled him to Beloozero, where Vasily Kholmsky died in a dungeon 15 years later.

</doc>
<doc id="7016241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016241" title="Guy Laroche">
Guy Laroche

Guy Laroche () (16 July 1921 – 17 February 1989) was a French fashion designer and founder of the eponymous company.
Biography.
Laroche was born in La Rochelle to a Tunisian Jewish family, and began his career in millinery. From 1949, Laroche worked for Jean Dessès, eventually becoming his assistant. In 1955, he visited the U.S. to investigate new ready-to-wear manufacturing methods. In 1956 or 1957, he founded a high-fashion atelier at 37 Avenue Franklin Roosevelt, Paris.
His first collection was favorably received, and within it he reintroduced vibrant colors such as pink, orange, coral, topaz, and turquoise. His clothes also featured plunging neck and back lines. Traditional elegant color combinations remained a staple in his designs as well. He cited Christian Dior, Cristobal Balenciaga, Jacques Fath and Pierre Balmain as his main influences.
Known as being humble and gracious—as opposed to the aloof nature of most Parisian designers—he designed haute-couture, but practical clothing for women. For the American market, he was one of the first to create separates.
In 1961, he moved to larger quarters in a townhouse at 29 Avenue Montaigne, Paris, opened a boutique there, and introduced his first ready-to-wear collection. In 1966, Laroche launched men's ready-to-wear, and opened the Guy Laroche Monsieur boutique.
Laroche died of intestinal cancer in Paris on 17 February 1989, at the age of 67.
Legacy.
Actress and film producer Hilary Swank wore the Navy blue Guy Laroche dress when she won the Academy Award for Best Actress in 2005.
Couture house.
In November 2007, Franco-Swedish designer Marcel Marongiu took over as artistic director of Guy Laroche.
Fragrances.
In 1966, Laroche introduced "Fidji", his first women's fragrance. He created other fragrances, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="7016244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016244" title="Ron Johnson Records">
Ron Johnson Records

Ron Johnson Records was a UK independent record label based in Long Eaton operating between 1983 and 1988. The label contributed five tracks to the NME's C86 compilation. Run by Dave Parsons, the label released records by artists such as Big Flame, The Shrubs, A Witness, The Great Leap Forward, Stump, The Mackenzies, Twang and The Ex. Despite the press attention and critical acclaim for the label's bands and releases, sales were insufficient to make the label profitable and financial difficulties brought it to an end in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="7016246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016246" title="Keystone Park">
Keystone Park

Keystone Park is a former baseball ground located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The ground was home to the Philadelphia Keystones of the Union Association in 1884.
Some sources state the location of the ballpark as the "east" side of South Broad Street and Moore Street. However, the Philadelphia "Times" for March 23, 1884, p. 7, puts the ballpark on the "west" side of Broad Street: "... the square of ground from Broad to Fifteenth and Moore to Mifflin... four hundred feet square... two entrances located at the southwest corner of Broad and Moore streets... The grandstand is located on the northwest corner of the lot [i.e. Moore and 15th]."
The field was the original grounds of the Forepaugh Circus. Not to be confused with the later Forepaugh Park.

</doc>
<doc id="7016247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016247" title="The White People">
The White People

"The White People" is a horror short story by Welsh author Arthur Machen. Written in the late 1890s, it was first published in 1904 in "Horlick's Magazine", edited by Machen's friend A. E. Waite, then reprinted in Machen's collection "The House of Souls" (1906).
The story has since been described as an important example of horror fiction, and even as one of the greatest horror stories of all time, influencing generations of later writers.
Synopsis.
A discussion between Ambrose and Cotgrave on the nature of evil leads Ambrose to reveal a mysterious Green Book he possesses. It is a young girl's diary, in which she describes in ingenuous, evocative prose her strange impressions of the countryside in which she lives as well as conversations with her nurse, who initiates her into a secret world of folklore and black magic. Throughout, the girl makes cryptic allusions to such topics as "nymphs", "Dôls", "voolas", "white, green, and scarlet ceremonies", "Aklo letters", the "Xu" and "Chian" languages, "Mao games", and a game called "Troy Town" (the last of which is a reference to actual practices involving labyrinths or labyrinthine dances). The girl's tale gradually develops a mounting atmosphere of suspense, with suggestions of witchcraft, only to break off abruptly just at the point where a supreme revelation seems imminent. In a return to the frame story, Ambrose reveals that the girl's body was later found dead near a seemingly pagan statue in the woods. He adds that she had "poisoned herself—in time", making the analogy of a child finding the key to a locked medicine cabinet.
Background.
The story was written in the late 1890s as part of Machen's struggle to find a direction for a projected novel, other outgrowths of which were published as the novella "A Fragment of Life" (collected in "The House of Souls") and as the collection of prose poems "Ornaments in Jade" (1924). Machen had read widely in mystical literature and folklore ever since an early employer had set him to work cataloguing occult books, and his learning gave his tale a depth and verisimilitude unusual in such works.
The use of the Green Book as a false document has roots in the Gothic tradition and is similar to the use of such documents by Bram Stoker in "Dracula" and to H. P. Lovecraft's use of the "Necronomicon" and Wilbur Whateley's diary in "The Dunwich Horror". Some of the strange words and names in the Green Book are actual occult terms, but most were invented by Machen for the story. Of these, some would be picked up by later authors of weird fiction—notably "Aklo", which was used by Lovecraft in connection with the "Sabaoth" invocation in "The Dunwich Horror".
Reception and influence.
The story has frequently been reprinted, and scholars and devotees of supernatural fiction often cite it as a classic of the genre. E. F. Bleiler wrote that the narrative in the Green Book "is probably the finest single supernatural story of the century, perhaps in the literature", and Michael Dirda has stated: "If I were to list the greatest supernatural short stories of all time, I would start with Arthur Machen’s 'The White People,' about a young girl’s unknowing initiation into an ancient, otherworldly cult." S. T. Joshi has called the diary "a masterpiece of indirection, a Lovecraft plot told by James Joyce", and H. P. Lovecraft himself wrote that "Machen's narrative, a triumph of skilful selectiveness and restraint, accumulates enormous power as it flows on in a stream of innocent childish prattle".
As has been intimated above, Lovecraft adopted some of Machen's techniques and terminology for use in his Cthulhu Mythos stories. The story has also served as the inspiration for T. E. D. Klein's novel "The Ceremonies" and may have been an influence on the plot of Guillermo del Toro's film "Pan's Labyrinth". The 2019 novel "The Twisted Ones" by T. Kingfisher (Ursula Vernon) is a contemporary take on the story.

</doc>
<doc id="7016248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016248" title="The Challenge (Yes Minister)">
The Challenge (Yes Minister)



</doc>
<doc id="7016253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016253" title="Diffusion (linguistics)">
Diffusion (linguistics)



</doc>
<doc id="7016258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016258" title="Barry goldwater">
Barry goldwater



</doc>
<doc id="7016260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016260" title="Capitol Grounds">
Capitol Grounds

The Capitol Grounds Capitol Park (I), was a baseball field in Washington, D.C. The grounds were the home field for the Washington Nationals of the Union Association during the league's only season in . The ballpark had a seating capacity of 6,000, and was where the Russell Senate Office Building stands today. 
Most modern sources say that the ball field was bounded by C Street NE (north); Delaware Avenue NE (west): B Street (now Constitution Avenue) NE (south); and First Street NE (east); just northeast of the Capitol building.
Contemporary newspaper advertisements (see below) give the location as "New Jersey Avenue and C Street", which would put the small ballpark slightly northwest of the Capitol rather than northeast. Local papers also give the location as "adjoining the Baltimore and Ohio depot",[Washington "National Republican", April 2, 1884, p.5] which old maps place on the block bounded by North Capitol, New Jersey Avenue NW, C Street NW and D Street NW (see external link).
The ball club was able to finish its season despite a mediocre record, but the Union Association folded after the season ended. The club joined the minor Eastern League for the 1885 season. The club regrouped as a new entry to the National League in 1886, and moved a few blocks north to the larger Capitol Park (II).

</doc>
<doc id="7016263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016263" title="Fusion (linguistics)">
Fusion (linguistics)



</doc>
<doc id="7016269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016269" title="Otomatic">
Otomatic

The OTO main anti-aircraft tank for intercept and combat (dubbed Otomatic, a play on "automatic") was an Italian self-propelled anti-aircraft gun (SPAAG) prototype. Designed and built by OTO Melara, it was armed with a single 76 mm naval gun.
Design and development.
The design combined the chassis of an OF-40, with a new turret mounting the Otobreda 76 mm gun along with associated search and targeting radars and their fire control systems: an S search radar SMA VPS-A05, with around 15 km range against aircraft and 8 km against helicopters in hovering; and a fire control unit SMA VPG-A06 (Ka band). It also included an optical fire-control system with periscopes for search and aiming, with a laser range-finder. The whole turret was built of steel (roughly with the same thickness of the one used in early Leopard 1s) and weighed 15 tonnes. OTO Melara offered it as a long-range SPAAG that could outperform systems like the Gepard and similar versions with the British Marksman turret that mounted much smaller, but rapid-fire, 35 mm guns.
The gun could also be useful against lighter armored vehicles or older generation tanks. The barrel was strengthened in order to hold greater pressures, so it can fire not only HE, but also APFSDS ammunition. The Otomatic was never put into production because the already widespread presence of anti-aircraft missiles reduced the need for a long-range AA gun on the modern battlefield. Still, it is much cheaper to fire a proximity-fused high-caliber shell versus a cheap ISR UAV or single use UAV, compared to launching an anti air missile.
The Italian army needed another turret used with a Leopard 1 chassis (the turret was to be adaptable into many 40 ton vehicles, like the Leopard or the OF-40), but the amalgamation never happened, as the SIDAM 25 quad 25 mm gun was already in production and, despite being inferior and not all-weather, almost 300 SIDAMs were bought. The need for 60-80 OTOMATIC never materialised, and the Italian army was even evaluating using a L70 Bofors with a Leopard 1 as a stopgap measure. This was also not adopted, as it was too limited for a 1990s anti-aircraft self-propelled gun. 
OTOMATIC therefore had no orders by the Italian army, as both SIDAM and Skyguard Aspide were already in order with very high costs, coupled with the Stinger missiles, the upgraded HAWK and the coming MEADS missiles. No orders were received from foreign customers either, despite the 76 mm gun being already well known and widespread in many navies around the world.
OTO-Melara attempted to revive the concept with the AMRAD ("Artillery Multi-Role Area Defense"), which had a much lighter mounting, and which was intended for use on a variety of wheeled vehicles. In order to lower the weight of the system, the turret's armor was reduced and the radars were removed and replaced with an optical-only aiming system cued by a remote radar. Despite these changes, the AMRAD failed to sell.
The Centauro Draco can be considered to be a further development of the Otomatic, as the Draco utilises the same weapon mounted in a lighter turret on a wheeled chassis, along with a more compact radar system.

</doc>
<doc id="7016270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016270" title="Édgar Negret">
Édgar Negret

Édgar Negret Dueñas (October 11, 1920 – October 11, 2012) was a Colombian abstract sculptor.
Life.
Negret was born in Popayán, Colombia. He attended the School of Fine Arts in Cali, Colombia, where he started his first studies in the year 1938 with the founder and teacher Jesus Maria Espinosa.
Initially working in stone in styles reminiscent of European modernists like Jean Arp and Constantin Brâncuși.
By the early 1950s, he began working in metal in constructivist tradition.
In 1955, his art was acquired by the Museum of Modern Art.
In 1963, he won the Salón de Artistas Colombianos, and therein became one of the most prominent Colombian sculptors of the 20th century. In 1968, he was awarded the David E. Bright Sculpture Prize, at the Thirty-fourth Venice Biennial.
In 1985, the Museum Negret opened. In 2010, he was awarded “Grado de Oficial” by order of the Congress of Colombia. Negret died, on his 92nd birthday, in Bogotá, Colombia.
In 2016, Google Doodle commemorated his 96th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="7016271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016271" title="Walls of constantinople">
Walls of constantinople



</doc>
<doc id="7016280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016280" title="Make You Feel My Love">
Make You Feel My Love

"Make You Feel My Love", also known as "To Make You Feel My Love", is a song written by Bob Dylan for his album "Time Out of Mind", released in September 1997. It was first released commercially in August 1997 by Billy Joel for his compilation album "Greatest Hits Volume III".
It is one of the few songs to have achieved the status of becoming a "standard" in the 21st century, having been covered by more than 450 different artists. The best known cover versions are ones by Adele, Michael Bolton, Neil Diamond, Elkie Brooks, Boy George, Bryan Ferry, Joan Osborne, Garth Brooks, Kelly Clarkson with Ben Platt, Nick Knowles, and Pink.
Reception.
"Spectrum Culture" included the song on a list of "Bob Dylan's 20 Best Songs of the 90s". In an article accompanying the list, critic John Paul described it thus:
"Accompanied by a lone piano, ghostlike bass line and slightly woozy sounding organ playing sustained notes throughout, the arrangement of the song isn't terribly remarkable, the meat of the song itself relying on Dylan's surprisingly emotional read and jazz-like chord progression.
"Ultimate Classic Rock" critic Matthew Wilkening rated "Make You Feel My Love" as the 7th best song Dylan recorded between 1992 and 2011, praising it as a "weary, textured masterpiece".
A 2021 "Guardian" article included it on a list of "80 Bob Dylan songs everyone should know".
Personnel.
Additional musicians
Live performances.
According to his official website, Dylan performed the song live over 300 times in concert between 1997 and 2019 on the Never Ending Tour. A live version performed in Los Angeles in 1998 was released on Dylan's "Things Have Changed" CD single in 2000 and on "". The live debut occurred at Columbia Township Auditorium in Columbia, South Carolina on November 2, 1997, and the last performance (to date) took place at The Anthem in Washington, D.C., on December 8, 2019.
Cover versions.
Billy Joel version.
Billy Joel released his original version of the song, titled "To Make You Feel My Love", for his compilation album "Greatest Hits Volume III" (1997). It was released as the album's lead single and reached number 50 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. Joel's single pre-dated Dylan's release of the song by one month.
"Hope Floats" versions.
Garth Brooks covered the song as "To Make You Feel My Love" in 1998. It appeared on the soundtrack of the 1998 film "Hope Floats", along with a cover version by Trisha Yearwood (whom Brooks would marry in 2005) as the first and last tracks. Yearwood's version would be the only version of the song on the soundtrack's 2007 reissue. It was included first as the bonus track on "Fresh Horses" for Brooks' first "Limited Series" box set and then included on all later pressings of that album. Brooks' version resulted in a nomination at the 41st Grammy Awards for Best Male Country Vocal Performance and a nomination for Bob Dylan for Best Country Song.
Adele version.
In 2007, English singer-songwriter Adele recorded "Make You Feel My Love" for her debut studio album "19" (2008). It was released as the album's fourth and final single on October 27, 2008, both on CD and vinyl, originally peaking at number 26.
Background.
"Make You Feel My Love" is the only cover version on "19"; Adele either wrote or co-wrote all the other tracks.
Although she did not want a cover version on her album, as she was worried it would imply she was incapable of writing enough of her own songs, she listened to the song under pressure from her manager, Jonathan Dickins and loved it. She told the "Huddersfield Daily Examiner":
I wrote nine songs in a short space of time, all about this awful relationship I was in. I never quite got down what I was really feeling in those songs, though. It wasn't that I was holding back or anything, but I just couldn't get it down. I was bitterly upset and then [Dickins] played me this Bob Dylan song 'Make You Feel My Love'. The lyrics are just amazing and summed up exactly what I'd been trying to say in my songs. It's about regretting not being with someone and it's beautiful. It's weird that my favourite song on my album is a cover, but I couldn't not put it on there. I'm not normally a Dylan fan either.
Piano is played by Neil Cowley and Adele is credited with bass.
Critical reception.
Adele's version received critical acclaim. According to Alex Fletcher of "Digital Spy", the version expresses Adele's affection for the song, "with just piano as backing, her dreamy, passionate vocals are allowed to shine".
According to Dave Simpson of "The Guardian", with her "hushed delivery", Adele makes the song "her own".
In January 2013, Heart Radio listed Adele's recording as the UK's number one song of all time in its Hall of Fame Top 500.
Chart performance.
Initially, the song only reached a peak of number 26, but found a new lease on life in 2010, two years after its release, following performances by several contestants on the seventh series of "The X Factor". In September 2010, after it was performed by Annastasia Baker, it re-entered the UK Singles Chart at number 24. The song then surged to number 4 the following month after a second performance by Gamu Nhengu. Following a third "X Factor" performance and heavy use in the "Comic Relief" 2010 television, it spent three more non-consecutive weeks in the top 10. Thanks to this newfound attention, "Make You Feel My Love" was the 48th biggest-selling song of 2010. In early 2011 the song returned to the top 40 again, at number 34, after it was used on the fifth series of "Britain's Got Talent".
After years of trickle selling, "Make You Feel My Love" passed the million sales mark in the UK in 2017.
Music video.
The song's music video features Adele singing the song in London Marriott Hotel Canary Wharf. It was directed by Mat Kirkby. , the music video has received over 195 million views on YouTube.
Live performances.
On Friday, November 20, 2015, Adele sang the song during a BBC special, "Adele at the BBC", hosted by talk show host Graham Norton. One segment of the show, which went viral, featured a prank in which eight Adele impersonators were invited to audition at the Wimbledon Theatre for a nonexistent show. Adele herself, disguised as a nanny named "Jenny", pretended to also be an Adele impersonator, and was the last one to sing. When she started singing "Make You Feel My Love", the other performers finally recognized her and realized they had been pranked.
Usage in media.
Adele's version features in the soundtrack of the 2010 romantic comedy film "When in Rome". Her cover version was also featured in the compilation album for the benefit of those affected by Supertyphoon Haiyan in the Philippines entitled "Songs for the Philippines".
During a concert at London's O2 Arena on March 22, 2016, the day of the Brussels bombings, Adele dedicated a performance of the song to the victims of the attacks.
In addition, Adele's video of the song, directed by Mat Kirby, was released on music channels in late September 2008 and continues to be featured on her website.
List of recordings.
Digital download 
Digital download 
CD single
"19" version
"19 Deluxe" version
"Chimes of Freedom" live version
"Live at the Royal Albert Hall" live version

</doc>
<doc id="7016282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016282" title="Johnson-Laird">
Johnson-Laird

Johnson-Laird may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7016285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016285" title="M81 group of galaxies">
M81 group of galaxies



</doc>
<doc id="7016290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016290" title="Innovation Way">
Innovation Way

The Innovation Way Corridor is a development area planned for Orlando, Florida. The planned corridor is to stretch south from the University of Central Florida to International Corporate Park, then West towards the Lake Nona area and finally ending at the Orlando International Airport. At the heart of this development plan is the expansion and extension of Alafaya Trail (SR 434) south from Avalon Park to SR 528 running between the county landfill and the OUC Curtis H. Stanton Energy Center, then continuing through International Corporate Park before it curves west towards the Lake Nona area and the airport. The entire corridor is planned to be approximately long. The heart of the planned project is to create a technological and business corridor linking the University of Central Florida to the Orlando International Airport.
Development.
Phase 1.
Phase I of the Innovation Way project is the extension of Alafaya Trail from Avalon Park to SR 528. The project as designed will include a 4-lane roadway complete with sidewalks and an on-road bike path and will cover a total distance of . The total projected cost is $30,098,953.25 and is set to begin in August 2006 with a completion date of December 2008. Phase 1 has been completed just under 1.5 years over schedule
Phase 2.
Constructed approximately one-half mile north of SR 528, to Monument Parkway, and one mile south of SR 528. It will tie in with a re-aligned section of Aerospace Parkway. This included a new alignment of Innovation Way over SR 528 and five new ramps to accommodate traffic movements to and from SR 528. This project also involved the removal of the existing SR 528/International Corporate Park Boulevard interchange. Construction on the $62 million project began in mid 2016 and finished in mid 2018.
Phase 3 and beyond.
To further improve connectivity to State Road 528 and to accommodate the further development of the Innovation Way Corridor, a new interchange between SR 528 and Innovation Way is in the works. Final design began in June 2021, and will be in general accordance with the Roadway Conceptual Analysis completed in 2015. This project will require additional right-of-way for roadway and storm water improvements during Construction from Wewahootee Road to John Wycliff Boulevard as a four-lane divided roadway.
A shared-used path is located on both the north and south side of the roadway. The project will incorporate drainage improvements, lighting, and landscaping along the roadway corridor.
Project difficulties.
International Corporate Park.
A key cornerstone to the Innovation Way plan was to bring the UCF Medical Institute and the Burnham Institute to the International Corporate Park development, but both of those facilities have decided to move closer to the Lake Nona area. Due to the loss of these two facilities, the developers of the International Corporate Park have floated the idea that warehouses and corporate distribution centers would generate more profit than High Tech jobs, 3,500 homes, and town center, as originally planned. The International Corporate Park area is already zoned for of industrial warehouses, which according to the developers would now be much more profitable than building the residential sections of the plan in a declining housing market. In late November 2006 the International Corporate Park developers sent a letter to Orange County canceling a planned meeting on how to move forward with the Innovation Way plans and they have claimed there is a waiting list of industrial buyers to purchase warehouse space on their property.
In March 2006 a public/private agreement was approved between the Orange County Board of County Commissioners, Orlando-Orange County Expressway Authority (OOCEA) and the developers of the International Corporate Park (ICP). Then, the property owned by ICP went through a change in ownership. The new owner, Suburban Land Reserve, Inc. (SLR) is working on a new agreement between Orange County Board of County Commissioners and the Orlando-Orange County Expressway Authority.
Orlando-Orange County Expressway Authority (now Central Florida Expressway Authority (CFX)).
In mid-2006 the Orlando-Orange County Expressway Authority canceled funding to an interchange on SR 528 which would have connected to the Innovation Way developments. The Expressway Authority has suggested toll increases to pay for this and other projects but has been unable to do so due to recent scandals and inconsistencies with the agency's handling of toll revenue. In 2014 OOCEA was disbanded and reorganized into the new Central Florida Expressway Authority which cleared the way for Innovation Way to continue infrastructure development.

</doc>
<doc id="7016298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016298" title="Union Street Park">
Union Street Park



</doc>
<doc id="7016300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016300" title="Grand Canal, Venice">
Grand Canal, Venice



</doc>
<doc id="7016303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016303" title="Wright Street Grounds">
Wright Street Grounds

Wright Street Grounds is a former baseball ground located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The ground was home to the Milwaukee Brewers of the Union Association in 1884, and minor league versions of the same team during early 1884 and 1885 through 1888.
The ballpark was located on the block bounded by West Wright Street, West Clarke Street, North Eleventh Street, and North Twelfth Street.
1884 -1885 Season.
The Brewers played most of the 1884 season as members of the Northwestern League. They came into the Union as a late-season replacement. Their first home game was September 27, and their last was October 12. The club returned to the NWL in 1885.
1885 also saw some major league ball, as the Chicago White Stockings of the National League, who would win the league championship that year, staged a couple of games in Milwaukee: September 4, vs. the Buffalo Bisons; and September 25, vs. the Providence Grays. Those two teams were both in their final years in the National League.

</doc>
<doc id="7016313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016313" title="The Inevitable (album)">
The Inevitable (album)

The Inevitable is the first album by the Squirrel Nut Zippers, released in 1995.
Critical reception.
"Trouser Press" wrote: "Vic Godard, Brian Setzer and other modern nostalgists have tiptoed through these tulips before, but none with the straight-faced charm lofted by this merry bunch of coconuts."

</doc>
<doc id="7016320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016320" title="List of statutory rules of Northern Ireland, 1997">
List of statutory rules of Northern Ireland, 1997

This is an incomplete list of statutory rules of Northern Ireland in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="7016321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016321" title="Arkansas Highway 170">
Arkansas Highway 170

Arkansas Highway 170 (AR 170, Hwy. 170) is a designation for two state highways in Washington County, Arkansas. The main segment of runs from Devil's Den State Park to West Fork. A shorter segment of runs from U.S. Route 62 (US 62) through Appleby before reconnecting with US 62.
Route description.
Devil's Den State Park to West Fork.
AR 170 begins at a three-way junction with AR 74 and AR 220 in Devil's Den State Park. The route runs north, winding through steep Ozark topography. AR 170 serves as the southern terminus of AR 265 near the SEFOR reactor. The highway continues north through rural country, crossing over I-49. East of the expressway, AR 170 enters West Fork. The route enters town as Phillips St, turns south onto McKnight St, and turns left onto Main St. AR 170 continues to US Route 71, where the route terminates.
Walnut Grove to Farmington.
AR 170 begins at US 62 at Walnut Grove (northeast of Prairie Grove) and runs north/northeast to US 62 in Farmington. The route runs over the Cane Hill Road Bridge, and serves Appleby.
History.
The highway was created between 1936 and 1937 as a semicircle loop from Winslow to US 71 near West Fork via Devil's Den State Park.
In Farmington, AR 170 follows the original 1926 alignment of AR 45 which later became US 62.

</doc>
<doc id="7016323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016323" title="Vaya Con Dios (song)">
Vaya Con Dios (song)



</doc>
<doc id="7016328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016328" title="Lindenholzhausen">
Lindenholzhausen

Lindenholzhausen (in local dialect "Hollesse") has been a borough ("Ortsbezirk") of the Town of Limburg an der Lahn, Hesse, Germany since 1972. The population on 30 June 2020 was 3,315. Lindenholzhausen has an average elevation of 170 metres above sea level and an area of 831.7 hectares (ha), making it the largest district of Limburg an der Lahn, the others being Ahlbach, Blumenrod, Dietkirchen, Eschhofen, Linter, Offheim and Staffel.
Etymology.
During its history, the village has had numerous variations of its current name: "Hultshusin prope Ribesangin" (1305), "Holtshusen bi Ribesangen" (1306), "Holtzhusen prope Lympurg", "Hulzhusen zo der lynden," and "Lynnenholzhausen".
The name "Lindenholzhausen" is a compound noun consisting of the nouns ', ', and "". "Holz", meaning timberBrE/lumberAE, probably originates from the Old Saxon "holt" meaning "forest, wood, timber/lumber" and the Old High German "hulta" also meaning "timber/lumber". The noun "Hausen", only found as a suffix in place names (the verb "hausen" means "to dwell, to reside") in standard German, probably originates from the Old High German "husen" meaning hamlet or settlement. The compounds "holtshusen", "hultshusen", and similar would mean "hamlet/settlement (in the clearing) in/[at the edge of] the forest/wood". "Linde", meaning limeBrE/lindenAE tree, would extend the compound "Holzhausen" to mean "hamlet/settlement with the lime/linden tree (in the clearing) in/[at the edge of] the forest/wood".
This method uniquely identifies the village within the whole of Germany; a query for "Holzhausen" in the online postal code index (PLZ suchen) of the German Post returns 71 results, whereas a query for "Lindenholzhausen" returns just one. As if rendering homage to its distinguishing nature, a single lime/linden tree is depicted on the escutcheon of the village's coat of arms. This was the Gerichtslinde of the area. These were several trees in a sequence through the centuries, the last of which was felled by lightning in the 1930s. A new linden was planted after WWII, but not at its historic site, which, however, still bears the field name ("Flurname").
The village's current coat of arms is based on the justice court seal of 1486: in gold a stylized, green linden tree with roots.
Lindenholzhausen was one of the seats of a "Grafschaftsgerichts" ("countship justice court") of the Counts of Diez. It is mentioned in the sources in 1342 and 1485. The "Kirchspielgericht" ("parish justice court") of Lindenholzhausen (denoted thus in 1486) was a civil and criminal court. Its jurisdiction encompassed Lindenholzhausen (where the courthouse was situated) along with and Dietkirchen (now boroughs of Limburg an der Lahn), and the villages of Rübsangen, Vele, Mailstatt (near Eschhofen), and Kreuch (within the "Brückenvorstadt", or "bridgehead settlement", of Limburg), all four of which no longer exist.
Location and infrastructure.
Lindenholzhausen lies to the southeast of Limburg an der Lahn approximately three kilometres ( miles) from town limits. The village is two kilometres ( miles) southeast of exit 43 ("Limburg-Süd") of the German Motorway A3. Lindenholzhausen is traversed by a historical trading route, now a Federal road called the B8. In addition, Lindenholzhausen is connected by a secondary road depicted as the "L 3484" with the Bundesstraße B 417, the federal road connecting the cities of Wiesbaden and Limburg an der Lahn.
The Inter-City Express Station Limburg-Süd, which is located about half-way between Limburg an der Lahn and Lindenholzhausen and opened for operations on 1 August 2002, provides access to the Cologne-Frankfurt high-speed rail line. The Inter-City Express connects the district of Limburg-Weilburg with the city of Cologne (55 minutes), the Cologne-Bonn Airport (40 minutes), the city of Frankfurt (35 minutes) and Frankfurt Airport (20 minutes). In addition, Lindenholzhausen station is a local station on the Main-Lahn Railway, which connects the village to Frankfurt and the towns and villages in the vicinity. Despite these convenient road and rail connections, Lindenholzhausen has managed to retain a predominantly rural character.
History.
Lindenholzhausen was first documented in 772 as "Holzhusen", in a gift document to the monastery of Lorsch/Ried by the Robertinian Rachilde, which dated on August 12,772. By 1305, the villages of Rübsangen und Vele were incorporated into the district of Lindenholzhausen. By 1532, Lindenholzhausen had a population of 310. Being on the route between Cologne and Frankfurt and near the route between Mainz and Siegen, Lindenholzhausen suffered during the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648) from pillage, famine and plague. By 1697, the village had a population of 382. 
In 1750, a serious fire destroyed 93 buildings. Between 1768 and 1780, the trading route between Koblenz and Frankfurt (am Main) was built (now the B8). In 1801, another serious fire destroyed 63 smallholdings together with their harvested crops and left two thirds of the population homeless and destitute. Considering the entirety of its 1,235 years of existence, Lindenholzhausen has been rather uneventful from an international viewpoint.
Germany's largest village of vocalists.
Lindenholzhausen is renowned for its choirs. Although the village [as of 2007] has no more than 3,400 residents, it has a remarkable number of 11 choirs, even though some of these are assigned to the same associations. The independent choirs are the Cäcilia, the ensemble vocale lindenholzhausen, the Harmonie and the Church Choir. 
The Cäcilia comprises a male, a female and a youth choir, a Pop and Jazz choir, a young choir and the "Schrägen Acht" (a unit of the male choir that performs mostly at local events and whose name plays on the ambiguous German adjective "schräg" implying both mischievous and off-key; the "Acht" (eight) designates its headcount when it was founded in 1968 and has remained despite its current (2007) headcount of seventeen). The Harmonie comprises The Male Choir, The Young Harmonists, and The Small Choir.
Throughout the years, these choirs have won multiple national and international prizes and rank among the best amateur choirs in the world. Accordingly, Lindenholzhausen is often referred to by the press as "Germany's Largest Village of Vocalists". Although local events include the annual Funfair (German: "Kirmes") and associations' anniversaries (German: "Vereinsjubiläen"), the choral and folklore festivals remain by far the village's major events with participants and visitors totalling between 10,000 and 20,000 from all around the world.
Mineral spring.
Lindenholzhausen has the fortune of having its own mineral spring, known in standard German as the Sauerbrunnen and in local dialect as the Sauborn.
Although documented in 1323, it was first put to commercial use in 1894, when Baron August von Rottkay leased the spring from the parish of Lindenholzhausen, named it the Lubentiusbrunnen (Brunnen = spring, well), and sold its produce as "superb, savory and salubrious table and medicinal water" ("hervorragendes, wohlschmeckendes und bekömmliches Tafel- und Medicinal-Wasser").
Its commercial use continued under different owners until about 1914. Today, the spring is back in municipal possession and the citizens of Lindenholzhausen happily exercise their right to help themselves to "their" free mineral water. A connection between the consumption of the spring water and the singing has yet to be established.
Historical hourstone.
About a 1/2 km (5/16 mile) southeast of Lindenholzhausen beside the B8 is a historical hourstone (Stundenstein). As opposed to a milestone, an hourstone informs travellers that they are a specific number of "hours" away from a particular location. Travellers of the day knew the time designated referred to a fully loaded cart being drawn by a single horse. This particular hourstone informs travellers that they are X (10) hours from "Coblenz" and XI (11) hours from "Franckfurt". The 21-hour duration of the 105 km ( mile) journey from Koblenz to Frankfurt (am Main) implies that the average speed of a fully loaded horse-drawn cart was between 4 and 6 km/h ( and mph).
This hourstone is one of 14 that were erected between Koblenz and Würges (a district of Bad Camberg) following a decree issued in 1789 (date on the hourstone) by the last Bishop and Prince-elector of Trier, Clement Wenceslaus of Saxony. Although only 8 of the initial 14 hourstones remain, these monuments of Germany's more distant past are not under a preservation order.
The inscription "CT" beneath the symbolised Elector's Crown stands for "Chur Trier", now known as "Kurtrier" (Electorate of Trier). The route from "Coblenz" to "Frankfurt" led through different territories, including the Electorate of Trier, the Principality of Nassau-Oranien, the Principality of Nassau-Usingen, the Electorate of Mainz, and the Imperial City of Frankfurt and it was not uncommon for a territory to have its own system of length units. In order to avoid laborious conversions between the different systems, the down-to-earth dimension of "average distance covered by a fully loaded horse-drawn cart per" hour was introduced, which was much more useful to the common traveller of the day. It also had the advantage that speed variations due to mountain crests and valleys could be incorporated.

</doc>
<doc id="7016335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016335" title="Argus Observer">
Argus Observer

The Argus Observer is a weekly newspaper in Ontario, Oregon, United States. It is owned by Wick Communications.
History.
The newspaper and went through several names and owners before becoming the "Argus Observer", which is a reference to Argus Panoptes, a creature from Greek mythology that had 100 eyes.
The paper was established January 6, 1897 as a weekly publication in Vale, Oregon called the "District Silver Advocate." The first proprietor was Bert Venable and editor John E. Roberts. The paper's name was in reference to the Free Silver Movement, which the publication supported along with politician William Jennings Bryan.
Roberts moved the paper from Vale to Ontario, changed its name to the "Advocate" and it became an organ of the Democratic Party. Don Carlos Boyd purchased the paper on November 28, 1900, changed its allegiance to Republican and assumed the name "Argus". In the paper's first decade it was generally a weekly newspaper, with at least two short-lived efforts to switch to daily publication.
In January 1947, Ralph Curtis sold "The Ontario Argus" to Bernard Mainwaring and Don Lynch. At the time the two men owned "The Idaho Press". That same year In August they bought the "Eastern Oregon Observer," a paper founded in Ontario by Elmo Smith in 1936. Smith sold the "Observer" to Jessica Longston and Robert Pollock in December 1946 and eight months later they sold it again to Mainwaring and Lynch. It was then the "Argus" and "Observer" were merged to form the "Argus Observer." Mainwaring sold his interests in the paper to Lynch in February 1953. Lynch sold the paper in 1962 to William F. MacKnight, publisher and president of Malheur Publishing Co. He sold it to Wick Communications in 1968. Two years later the paper assumed a daily publication schedule in 1970.
In summer 2020, the "Independent-Enterprise" in Payette, Idaho was folded into the "Argus Observer." In January 2024, the newspaper notified readers it plans to cut print days from four to two starting March 1. Also, delivery will transition from carrier to postal and the paper's Ontario printing operation will shutter. Moving forward, the paper will be printed in Nampa, Idaho. About a year later the "Argus Observer" announced it will cease it's Saturday print edition and moving forward will only publish once a week on Wednesdays.
In April 2025, Wick announced it was looking to sell the "Argus Observer."

</doc>
<doc id="7016339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016339" title="Brotherhood Park">
Brotherhood Park

Brotherhood Park is a former baseball ground located in Cleveland, Ohio. The ground was home to the Cleveland Infants of the Players' League in . According to sources, it stood at Willson (sometimes spelled Wilson) Avenue (now East 55th Street) and the Nickel Plate Railroad tracks, which are now Metro tracks.
"Brotherhood Park" was a name given to several of the ballparks used by clubs in the Players' League, perhaps most notably to the Polo Grounds (III) in 1890. Most of those usages disappeared after the league disbanded. The name was used consistently in Cleveland, even after the PL folded. The venue was used for various local sports and other events until it was finally sold to developers in the mid-1890s.
Determining the ballpark's precise location and orientation using Internet sources is somewhat elusive. The most recent city directory that states its location is from 1892, as "Willson Avenue at Nickel Plate." A newspaper report on its construction says that right field was a short field adjoining the Nickel Plate tracks.[Cleveland "Press", April 11, 1890, p.4] Another report says that it was "near" Woodland [Avenue], which is about half a mile north of the tracks.[Cleveland "Plain Dealer", July 12, 1890, p.6] All the local newspapers are consistent in naming Willson as its most prominent bordering street.

</doc>
<doc id="7016345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016345" title="Pennsylvania Route 16">
Pennsylvania Route 16

Pennsylvania Route 16 (PA 16) is a east–west state route located in southern Pennsylvania, United States. The western terminus of the route is at U.S. Route 522 (US 522) in McConnellsburg. The eastern terminus is at the Mason–Dixon line in Liberty Township, where the road continues into Maryland as Maryland Route 140 (MD 140). PA 16 is a two-lane road that runs through rural areas in Fulton, Franklin, and Adams counties. The route heads east from McConnellsburg and crosses Tuscarora Mountain into Franklin County, where it continues east into the agricultural Cumberland Valley. Here, the passes through Mercersburg, Greencastle, and Waynesboro. PA 16 heads east through the South Mountain range, where it heads into Adams County and passes through Carroll Valley before coming to the Maryland border. PA 16 intersects several roads including PA 456 in Cove Gap, PA 75 and PA 416 in Mercersburg, PA 995 in Upton, US 11 and Interstate 81 (I-81) in Greencastle, PA 316 and PA 997 in Waynesboro, and PA 116 in Carroll Valley. The road's main name is Buchanan Trail in honor of 15th President James Buchanan, who was born near the road in Cove Gap.
The section of the road between Mercersburg and the Maryland border was constructed as part of two 19th-century turnpikes which served as part of a travel route between Pittsburgh and Baltimore. The state took over the road in 1917 and it became a part of the Buchanan Highway, which ran between Mount Union and the Maryland border in Carroll Valley. The section of the present route in McConnellsburg became part of the Lincoln Highway in 1913, PA 1 in 1924, and US 30 in 1926, with PA 1 removed from US 30 two years later. PA 16 was designated in 1928 to run along the Buchanan Trail between US 30 (Lincoln Way) in McConnellsburg and MD 32 (now MD 140) at the Maryland border southeast of Carroll Valley, replacing the previous PA 51 designation that had been assigned to the road a year earlier. A related route PA 851 is evidence of the route's former designation. The route was realigned across South Mountain by 1941. The west end of PA 16 was extended along Lincoln Way to US 522 in 1967 after US 30 was rerouted to bypass McConnellsburg to the north.
Route description.
PA 16 begins at an intersection with US 522 in the center of the borough of McConnellsburg in Fulton County, heading east-southeast on two-lane undivided Lincoln Way. The road runs through the commercial downtown before continuing into residential areas. The route splits from Lincoln Way by turning southeast onto Buchanan Trail and enters Ayr Township, running past businesses before heading near homes and passing to the northeast of an industrial building. PA 16 heads into forested areas and curves south to ascend Tuscarora Mountain. At the summit of the mountain, the route enters Peters Township in Franklin County and continues south to descend the mountain on Buchanan Trail West, passing to the west of a tract of Buchanan State Forest. PA 16 continues through forested areas at the base of the mountain and comes to an intersection with the northern terminus of PA 456, where it turns to the east. The road winds east and passes to the south of Buchanan's Birthplace State Park, where 15th President James Buchanan was born. The route passes through a gap in Cove Mountain and reaches the community of Cove Gap, where it turns southeast into wooded residential areas and passes through Charlestown.
PA 16 enters the Cumberland Valley and heads into agricultural areas before it passes near residential subdivisions. The road crosses into the borough of Mercersburg and continues past homes before running past a few businesses. The route turns south and comes to an intersection with PA 75/PA 416, where those two routes head south for a concurrency with PA 16. The three routes follow Main Street past homes and businesses in the center of Mercersburg. The road turns southeast into residential and becomes Buchanan Trail West again, with PA 75 splitting to the south. PA 16/PA 416 continue southeast and leave Mercersburg for Montgomery Township, heading through agricultural areas. PA 416 splits from PA 16 by turning south, and PA 16 curves east and crosses the West Branch Conococheague Creek. The road continues through farmland with some woods and homes and reaches an intersection with PA 995. Here, PA 995 turns east for a concurrency with PA 16, and the two routes head into Peters Township. In the residential community of Upton, PA 995 splits to the north while PA 16 continues east-southeast through farm fields with some woods and homes, crossing into Antrim Township. The road passes near housing developments before running through more rural land with some development and curving east to cross Conococheague Creek. The route continues east and enters the borough of Greencastle, where it becomes West Baltimore Street and passes a few homes before it comes to an intersection with US 11 in a business area. Past this intersection, PA 16 crosses under Norfolk Southern's Lurgan Branch railroad line and heads into the downtown area of Greencastle, coming to a traffic circle at Carlisle Street. From here, the road becomes East Baltimore Street and leaves the downtown, passing through residential areas. The route widens to a divided highway as it comes to an interchange with I-81 in a commercial area.
Past this interchange, PA 16 leaves Greencastle for Antrim Township and becomes Buchanan Trail East, passing more businesses and briefly becoming a three-lane road with a center left-turn lane before becoming a two-lane undivided road again. The road runs through farmland with some homes, passing to the south of a large industrial complex and passing through the residential community of Shady Grove. The route runs east-southeast through more rural land and passes under CSX's Lurgan Subdivision railroad line before it heads to the south of the community of Waynecastle, at which point it enters Washington Township. PA 16 runs east past more farms and woods and passes through Zullinger, where it bends east-southeast and heads past residences and a few businesses. The road passes near farm fields before it enters the borough of Waynesboro and becomes West Main Street, where it is lined with homes. The route heads into the downtown area and comes to a junction with PA 316, where that route joins PA 16 for a block before turning to the south. PA 16 continues southeast past downtown businesses and comes to an intersection with PA 997 at the center of town. Here, PA 997 becomes concurrent with PA 16 on East Main Street, and the two routes leave the downtown area, passing more homes and businesses. PA 997 splits to the southwest and PA 16 continues through commercial areas with a few residences, passing to the south of Waynesboro Hospital. The road becomes the border between Washington Township to the northeast and Waynesboro to the southwest, passing southwest of the residential community of Eastland Hills. The route fully enters Washington Township and curves east-southeast, passing businesses with nearby residential areas in the community of Wayne Heights as a three-lane road with a center left-turn lane. PA 16 becomes two-lane Buchanan Trail East and passes near a few farm fields before continuing past more residential and commercial development, curving east and passing north of the community of Rouzerville.
The road leaves the Cumberland Valley and heads into forested areas in the South Mountain range, curving northeast and gaining a second eastbound lane. The route continues to ascend the mountain and gains a center left-turn lane before turning to the east, passing near the community of Beartown. PA 16 bends to the east-southwest and loses the center turn lane, continuing as a three-lane road with two eastbound lanes and one westbound lane and passing to the south of Michaux State Forest. Along this stretch, the route crosses the Appalachian Trail. The road bends to the southeast and becomes a two-lane road, passing through woods and fields. The route runs past a few businesses and curves to the east, crossing CSX's Hanover Subdivision railroad line at-grade to the north of Blue Ridge Summit. PA 16 heads into forests and curves northeast. The road heads into Liberty Township in Adams County and becomes Waynesboro Pike, turning east and crossing into Hamiltonban Township. The route runs through more wooded areas with some development and passes through the community of Fountain Dale, heading north of the Raven Rock Mountain Complex. PA 16 crosses back into Liberty Township and continues through forested areas with residential development as it skirts the southern border of the borough of Carroll Valley in three locations. The road fully enters Carroll Valley and comes to an intersection with the western terminus of PA 116. From here, the route turns to the southeast and runs through wooded areas with some homes and businesses, crossing back into Liberty Township and passing through the community of Liberty Mills. PA 16 reaches its eastern terminus at the Maryland border, where the road continues southeast into that state as MD 140.
History.
On September 21, 1820, a private turnpike the Emmitsburg and Waynesboro Turnpike was completed, connecting Waynesboro to Emmitsburg, Maryland. In 1837, the Mercersburg, Greencastle, and Waynesboro Turnpike was completed, connecting Mercersburg and Waynesboro via Greencastle. This turnpike served as part of a route between Pittsburgh and Baltimore. When routes were legislated in Pennsylvania in 1911, present-day PA 16 was designated as Legislative Route 224 between McConnellsburg and Waynesboro and as part of Legislative Route 44 between Waynesboro and Carroll Valley. In 1913, the section of current PA 16 in McConnellsburg became part of the Lincoln Highway, an auto trail that ran from San Francisco to New York City. In 1917, the state took over the road between McConnellsburg and the Maryland border near Carroll Valley. This road was named the Buchanan Highway (also known as the Buchanan Trail) in honor of 15th President James Buchanan, who was born near the road in Cove Gap. The Buchanan Highway ran between Mount Union and the Maryland border near Carroll Valley, heading south to McConnellsburg before continuing east to the Maryland border. The Lincoln Highway within Pennsylvania was designated as PA 1 in 1924. With the creation of the U.S. Highway System in 1926, US 30 was designated concurrent with PA 1 on the Lincoln Highway west of Philadelphia, including the section through McConnellsburg. The concurrent PA 1 designation was removed from US 30 in 1928. In 1927, the Buchanan Trail was designated as PA 44 between Mount Union and McConnellsburg and as PA 51 between McConnellsburg and the Maryland border near Carroll Valley.
PA 16 was designated in 1928 to run along the Buchanan Trail between US 30 (Lincoln Way) in McConnellsburg and MD 32 (now MD 140) at the Maryland border southeast of Carroll Valley, replacing the PA 51 designation; US 522 replaced the PA 44 designation between Mount Union and McConnellsburg. Upon designation, the entire length of PA 16 was paved. By 1941, PA 16 was realigned between Rouzerville and Fountain Dale, with the former alignment now known as Old Route 16, Charmian Road, and Old Waynesboro Road. In 1967, US 30 was rerouted along a bypass north of McConnellsburg, allowing PA 16 to be extended westward along Lincoln Way to its present terminus at US 522.

</doc>
<doc id="7016346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016346" title="Change Islands">
Change Islands

Change Islands is an outport community in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
The community spans two small islands of the same name which lie off the northeast coast of the island of Newfoundland between Notre Dame Bay and the Labrador Sea.
The community of Change Islands is located primarily on the larger South Island, today hosting approximately 184 residents, though most of the public buildings are on the North Island.
The Newfoundland Pony Refuge is located on Change Islands.
Geography.
The southern and northern Change Islands are separated by a "tickle" (a narrow strait, in Newfoundland English).
The South Island is larger, containing more marshes/bogs, and wooded area, the North Island is smaller, mostly barren. It is located in Notre Dame Bay, on the northeast coast of the island of Newfoundland.
The community was first established as a series of random settlements around the islands tied to seasonal fishing activity which developed into a cohesive community, but by the early 1960s only Red Rock Cove (at the middle of the southern island) and Woody Island Tickle (approximately at the ferry terminal at the south of the southern island) remained. Most of the remaining settlements (Granpher's Cove, etc.) on either side of the tickle effectively incorporated into one entity. Remoter places (Gannis Island, etc.) were gradually abandoned. The first European settlers arrived sometime in the mid-18th century to fish.
The residents of Change Islands have preserved many of their traditional homes, stages, and stores (fishing sheds); many of these landmarks are disappearing in much of coastal Newfoundland and Labrador with the collapse of the ground fishery.
There are a few accommodation facilities on the islands, which are accessible by the MV "Veteran", the provincially operated ferry from Farewell that also services Fogo Island further to the east.
Demographics.
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Change Islands had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="7016349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016349" title="Phor Tay High School">
Phor Tay High School

Phor Tay High School (Chinese: 菩提国民型华文中学 ; Malay: Sekolah Menengah Jenis Kebangsaan Phor Tay) or SMJK Phor Tay is a national-type chinese high school, located in Sungai Dua, Penang. It is the only Buddhist secondary school, where Buddhist education is a compulsory subject for all Buddhist students of the school, in Malaysia.
Phor Tay High School was previously an all-girls school. It was officially converted to a co-educational school after its relocation from Jalan Bagan Jermal in 2009.
History.
The school is named after Bodhi which means enlightenment in Sanskrit. It is originated from the efforts of a Buddhist nun called Hong Lien who set up the Phor Tay institute as an orphanage in 1936 She came from the province of Xiamen in China to propagate Buddhism in Penang, Malaysia.
After the war, the school was rebuilt with Ong Dong Shu, who had previously taught in Yangon and Makassar becoming the school's first principal until retiring for health reasons in 1958. Philanthropist Aw Boon Haw contributed towards the building.
In 2007, the school began a transition into a co-educational institution through an application to the Ministry of Education and began to raise money to relocate to a new location for this purpose. 
Phor Tay High School has since moved to its present location in Sungai Dua in 2009 due to the demand for a Chinese national-type secondary schools in the south-west district of Penang island.

</doc>
<doc id="7016354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016354" title="Sea of marmara">
Sea of marmara



</doc>
<doc id="7016355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016355" title="Mac SE/30">
Mac SE/30



</doc>
<doc id="7016356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016356" title="Sausage Biscuit">
Sausage Biscuit



</doc>
<doc id="7016358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016358" title="German submarine U-269">
German submarine U-269

German submarine "U-269" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The U-boat was laid down on 18 September 1941 by Bremer Vulkan at Bremen-Vegesack, launched on 24 June 1942 and commissioned on 19 August under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Karl-Heinrich Harlfinger.
During its career the submarine failed to sink or damage any vessels, but neither did it lose any crew members prior to its sinking on 25 June 1944.
Design.
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines. "U-269" had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. She had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two Germaniawerft F46 four-stroke, six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two AEG GU 460/8–27 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. She had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, she could travel at . "U-269" was fitted with five torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and one at the stern), fourteen torpedoes, one SK C/35 naval gun, 220 rounds, and two twin C/30 anti-aircraft guns. The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty.
Service history.
After training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla in the Baltic Sea, "U-269" was assigned to the 11th U-boat Flotilla based in Bergen, Norway.
"U-269" first left Kiel on 16 March 1943 to operate from bases in Norway, carrying out two patrols in the Barents Sea in the summer of 1943, one under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Karl-Heinrich Harlfinger in March and April, and another under "Oblt.z.S." Otto Hansen in July, August and September.
Reassigned to the 6th U-boat Flotilla, on 4 November 1943 the U-boat left Bergen for her third patrol in the Atlantic under the command of the newly promoted "Kapitänleutnant" Karl-Heinrich Harlfinger. On 1 December Allied forces attacked the U-boat, causing serious damage and forcing "U-269" to abort her patrol. She reached St. Nazaire on the French Atlantic coast on the 15th.
In France, command was assumed by "Oberleutnant zur See" Georg Uhl, who made one short patrol in the Bay of Biscay in May 1944, then sailed from Brest on 6 June ("D-Day") to St. Peter Port, Guernsey, three days later sailing into the English Channel on her final patrol.
Sinking.
"U-269" was sunk on 25 June 1944 south-east of Torquay, in position . The U-boat was detected by the Royal Navy frigate , of the 5th Support Group, which immediately attacked with depth charges. The first attack knocked out all the lights aboard the U-boat, while the second ruptured the seals on the drive shafts, allowing water to rush in. The frigate's third depth charge run destroyed pipes, valves and electrical connections. Realizing that the situation was hopeless, Uhl ordered "U-269" to surface, and prepared to abandon and scuttle the boat. The submarine surfaced within range of the frigate, which had just dropped a fourth set of depth charges. The U-boat began to sink immediately, while the survivors swam away or escaped on rafts. "Bickerton" picked up the 39 survivors. There were 13 dead, including Captain Uhl.
The wreck of "U-269" was located in 1951, during a search for the missing British submarine , this was confirmed by nautical archaeologist Innes McCartney in 1999.
Wolfpacks.
"U-269" took part in three wolfpacks, namely:

</doc>
<doc id="7016359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016359" title="Ten Gallon Shuffle">
Ten Gallon Shuffle

Ten Gallon Shuffle is the first recording released by the New York–based Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin (following 13 previous releases by the Los Angeles–based Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band). The composition "Ten Gallon Shuffle" was originally commissioned by Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia Music Fraternity for the University of Texas Jazz Orchestra.
Track listing.
LP side A
LP side B

</doc>
<doc id="7016364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016364" title="Cornwall Park">
Cornwall Park

Cornwall Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7016371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016371" title="Marc Bossuyt">
Marc Bossuyt

Marc, Baron Bossuyt (born 9 January 1944 in Ghent) is a member of the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague and a former judge and president at the Belgian Constitutional Court.
Bossuyt obtained a Dr.iur (LLM) at the University of Ghent in 1968, a "Certificate of international relations" at Johns Hopkins University in Bologna in 1969, and a PhD in political science from the Graduate Institute of International Studies in 1975. He is professor emeritus of international law at the University of Antwerp.
He was appointed to the Constitutional Court by Royal Order on 28 January 1997. From 9 October 2007 until his retirement Bossuyt was the President of the Dutch linguistic group of the Constitutional Court of Belgium. He was ennobled as a baron in the 2009 honours list. Upon reaching the mandatory retirement age of 70 years, Bossuyt retired from the Court and became President-Emeritus.
Bossuyt was a member of the UN Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination (2000–2003, 2014–present).
In 2020, Marc Bossuyt was appointed as the president of the steering committee of the Turkey Tribunal, which is an independent "people's tribunal" registered as an NGO in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="7016374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016374" title="Vittoria Docks">
Vittoria Docks



</doc>
<doc id="7016377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016377" title="Bijan (designer)">
Bijan (designer)

Bijan Pakzad ( ; , ; 4 April 1940 – 16 April 2011), generally known mononymously as Bijan, was an Iranian designer of menswear and fragrances.
Biography.
Bijan was born in Tehran, Iran in either 1940 or 1944. He was the son of a wealthy businessman. He attended Institut Le Rosey, and studied design in Switzerland and Italy. Bijan's career began in Iran with the Pink Panther Boutique in Tehran.
Upon immigrating to the United States in 1973, Bijan settled in Los Angeles and established his exclusive boutique on Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills in 1976. He had initially purchased a parking lot that he turned into a building store, and was confident his business in L.A. would take off because "I saw brilliant men earning $100,000 a year dressed in the most ridiculous clothes".
In 1984, he opened a second store on Fifth Avenue and 55th Street in New York (which closed in 2000). By 1985, he had claimed 15,000 customers, including four kings and sixteen presidents. In his first ten years of business, he claimed a $150 million revenue. He owned a textile factory in Italy, where he manufactured his custom-made clothing In 1989, the Bijan NY store was hit by the 2-year, $50-million renovation of the adjacent St. Regis Hotel, and launched litigation against its then-owner, Sheraton.
In 2000, Bijan generated controversy when he published advertisements featuring a nude "rotund model named Bella", which were rejected by many New York magazines before being accepted by Tina Brown's "Talk". He said the ads were an homage to painters Peter Paul Rubens, Henri Matisse, and Fernando Botero, whose art has featured full-figured women, and said "I embrace the beauty of all women". Once they were published in "Talk", the ads were accepted by several of the publications that had previously rejected them.
He launched the Michael Jordan fragrance in 1996. According to the 2001 Los Angeles Times Calendar Section, the Bijan Perfume and Fashion Business has brought in an estimated $3.2 billion in sales worldwide. In November 1997, two executives of Bijan were robbed of $3 million worth of jewelry in London in a very elaborate heist.
On April 14, 2011, Bijan suffered a stroke and was rushed to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles. He had brain surgery, but never recovered and died two days later on April 16, 2011 at 8:05 am. Public records indicate he was 71. Bijan's boutique on Rodeo Drive was sold to LVMH for US$122 million in August 2016. The boutique moved across the street in 2020.
Work.
Bijan specialized in exclusive high-fashion designs. He never held a fashion show to exhibit his creations. His New York Times store was a curiosity in the city as it was by appointment only, to ward off the "untasty people." He once said "I do not want to sound snobby, but I have power, I have connections with all those people, I have homes all over the world, all you want for a 45-year-old man. I am a multimillionaire myself." One of his advertising slogan was "The costliest men's wear in the world". He designed a $10,000, 24-karat (parts), .38 caliber Colt automatic pistol ("Now you tell me, is this something a murderer would buy?") and a line of bulletproof clothing launched after the attempted assassination of Ronald Reagan in 1981 (a saleswoman claimed Bijan was the first fashion designer to make bullet resistant clothing). In 2010, he designed a limited edition Rolls-Royce coupé with a price tag of $1 million.
Bijan's fragrances for both men and women are known for their distinctive circular glass flacon with an open center and a dividing web. When half full, the fragrance fills two separate chambers, seemingly defying the law of gravity that liquid seeks its own level. One of these perfume bottles is featured in the permanent exhibit of the Smithsonian Institution.
Among his clients, Bijan claimed to count five U.S. presidents – both George H. W. Bush and his son, Barack Obama, Ronald Reagan, and Bill Clinton – as well as politicians such as Tony Blair, Vladimir Putin, Najib Razak, Nechirvan Barzani, Farah Pahlavi and Mohammad Reza Pahlavi. He also dressed other fashion designers such as Oscar de la Renta, Tom Ford, and Giorgio Armani, actors such as Tom Cruise and Anthony Hopkins, and professional footballers including Mick McCarthy and Liam Brady. He claimed to foster very special relationships with his customers, a key quality to know how to dress them best. Each purchase came with a notebook detailing how to wear it best.
Personal life.
Bijan was married twice. His first wife of eighteen years was Sigi Pakzad a Swiss-German whom he met while living in Europe in the 1960s; they had one daughter, Daniela Pakzad. His second wife was Irish-Japanese interior designer and model Tracy Hayakawa; they married in 1986 and divorced in 1995. They had two children together: Alexandra and Nicolas.
He was the owner of a 23-car garage filled with luxury custom-made vehicles.
Bijan Bugatti Veyron 16.4.
Bijan is most associated with the Bijan Bugatti Veyron 16.4, a custom-made Veyron. Created as a collaboration between Bijan and Bugatti, the Bijan Bugatti Veyron prominently features Bijan's signature yellow. The vehicle is generally regarded as a Beverly Hills landmark.
Since Bijan's death, the Bugatti, along with various other custom vehicles Bijan owned, such as his Rolls-Royce Phantom Drophead Coupé, has been parked outside the Bijan boutique on Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills, purportedly the last place he left it before his death.
The Bugatti was vandalized in July 2011, when a local transient broke the passenger-side window. The vandal was arrested by Beverly Hills Police Department officers shortly afterwards. The vehicle was soon repaired. In early 2017, the Veyron was sold to a client in Dubai. The new owner has since sold it to another collector in Dubai.

</doc>
<doc id="7016378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016378" title="Modeste and Pompon">
Modeste and Pompon



</doc>
<doc id="7016381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016381" title="Grachen">
Grachen



</doc>
<doc id="7016385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016385" title="Mount Toc">
Mount Toc



</doc>
<doc id="7016387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016387" title="Lisandro Lopez">
Lisandro Lopez



</doc>
<doc id="7016388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016388" title="Trade unions in the Maldives">
Trade unions in the Maldives



</doc>
<doc id="7016389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016389" title="The Wild, The Innocent &amp; The E Street Shuffle">
The Wild, The Innocent &amp; The E Street Shuffle



</doc>
<doc id="7016392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016392" title="Whatareya?">
Whatareya?

"Whatareya?" is a song by Australian alternative rock band, TISM, released in July 1998 as the third single from their fourth studio album "www.tism.wanker.com". "Whatareya?" peaked at number 66 on the ARIA Charts.
Reception.
Junkee said, "No song that starts with the words, 'I'm a wanker' repeated ad nauseum [sic] deserves to be this good. But that’s the thing about TISM — they’re masters of turning shit into diamonds, and vice versa, grubbying up the established norms of Australian rock and pop and making jokes about James Hird seem like Shakespearean wordplay."
Video.
The video was directed by Craig Melville and follows a scene very reminiscent of an early morning aerobics television show, "Aerobics Oz Style" in which TISM are in the class. After a very short time the members of TISM are depicted as being quite fatigued with the exercise routine and take a rest – some members bring in a couch to sit on and a television to watch, meanwhile another member brings an esky of beer and a football is introduced, with some members playing a makeshift game of Australian football. All the while, the exercisers continue their work-out routine. It is not until the main exerciser (and presumably host of the show) knocks and spills one TISM members' beer, that the band becomes hostile towards the presenter, whom they drag to the ground and severely beat and kick as pandemonium overcomes the video, the director calls cut and a TISM member covers the camera lens with his hand, ending the clip.
Track listing.
CD single (Genre B.Goode – GOO11)

</doc>
<doc id="7016393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016393" title="John Jay Chapman">
John Jay Chapman

John Jay Chapman (March 2, 1862 – November 4, 1933) was an American writer.
Early life.
Chapman was born in New York City on March 2, 1862. He was a son of Henry Grafton Chapman Jr. (1833–1883), a broker who became president of the New York Stock Exchange, and Eleanor Kingsland Jay (1839–1921).
His paternal grandmother, Maria Weston Chapman, was one of the leading campaigners against slavery and worked with William Lloyd Garrison on "The Liberator". His maternal grandparents were John Jay (1817–1894), the U.S. Minister to Austria-Hungary, and Eleanor Kingsland (née Field) Jay (1819–1909). His grandfather was a son of William Jay and a grandson of Chief Justice John Jay of the United States Supreme Court.
Chapman was educated at St. Paul's School, in Concord, New Hampshire, and at Harvard University. After graduating from Harvard in 1884, he toured Europe before resuming his studies at the Harvard Law School.
Career.
He was admitted to the bar in 1888, and practiced law until 1898. Meanwhile, he had attracted attention as an essayist of unusual merit. His work is marked by originality and felicity of expression, and the opinion of many critics has placed him in the front rank of the American essayists of his day.
In 1912, on the one-year anniversary of the lynching of Zachariah Walker in Coatesville, Pennsylvania, Chapman gave a speech in which he called the lynching "one of the most dreadful crimes in history" and said "our whole people are...involved in the guilt." It was published as "A Nation's Responsibility".
Chapman became involved in politics and joined the City Reform Club and the Citizens' Union. He was opposed to the Tammany Hall political and business grouping, which at that time dominated New York City. He lectured on the need for reform and edited the journal "The Political Nursery" (1897-1901).
Personal life.
Chapman was known as a passionate romantic in his personal life as well as his writing. As a law student at Harvard, he once beat a rival (astronomer Percival Lowell) for a woman's love in a fight, then felt such deep remorse that he deliberately burned off his left hand as a form of self-punishment. He would later brandish the stump as evidence of his passion.
On July 2, 1889, he married Minna Timmins (1861–1897), with whom he had three children:
On April 23, 1899, Chapman married Elizabeth Astor Winthrop Chanler (1866–1937), the second daughter of John Winthrop Chanler and Margaret Astor Ward (of the Astor family). The soldier and explorer William A. Chanler was her brother. They had one child: 
John Jay Chapman died on November 4, 1933, in Poughkeepsie, New York. His funeral, held at Christ Church on West 71st Street, New York City, was attended by hundreds. Elizabeth Chapman died in 1937.
Bibliography.
Non-fiction
Fiction
Articles
Translations
Collected works

</doc>
<doc id="7016398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016398" title="Volleyball World Ranking">
Volleyball World Ranking



</doc>
<doc id="7016409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016409" title="Trade unions in the United States">
Trade unions in the United States



</doc>
<doc id="7016423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016423" title="*beep*">
*beep*



</doc>
<doc id="7016427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016427" title="List of international labor organizations">
List of international labor organizations



</doc>
<doc id="7016428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016428" title="DPReview">
DPReview



</doc>
<doc id="7016431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016431" title="London to Sydney Marathon">
London to Sydney Marathon



</doc>
<doc id="7016433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016433" title="Dpreview">
Dpreview



</doc>
<doc id="7016445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016445" title="Countries which could join the Commonwealth">
Countries which could join the Commonwealth



</doc>
<doc id="7016448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016448" title="The Space Station">
The Space Station



</doc>
<doc id="7016450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016450" title="Leslie Neilson">
Leslie Neilson



</doc>
<doc id="7016459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016459" title="Laurie Tamara Simpson Rivera">
Laurie Tamara Simpson Rivera



</doc>
<doc id="7016460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016460" title="Teχ">
Teχ



</doc>
<doc id="7016461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016461" title="Big Bay Point Light">
Big Bay Point Light

The Big Bay Point Light is a lighthouse which stands on a tall bluff over a rocky point near Big Bay, Michigan, approximately northwest of Marquette on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Today it is one of a few operational lighthouses with a bed and breakfast. It is reputed to be haunted.
History of the light.
The establishment of a station at Big Bay Point was recommended to the Lighthouse board in 1882 as follows: "The point occupies a position midway between Granite Island and Huron Islands, the distance in each case being . These two lights are invisible from each other and the intervening stretch is unlighted. A light and fog signal would be a protection to steamers passing between these points. Quite a number of vessels have in past years been wrecked on Big Bay Point".
Light station infrastructure.
A brick fog signal building was constructed. It contained two steam train whistles that stuck out of the roof of the building and were operated by steam boilers. In 1928, the steam whistles were replaced by a modern air diaphone.
There were also two small brick privies, a brick building with a metal roof and a door for storing oil for the lens.
On October 20, 1896, the 3rd-order fixed Fresnel lens went into service. It was "fitted with a three-wick burner same as a 2nd order light and consuming the same quantity of oil". To increase the steady white light, partially screened rotating panels were installed, creating "a brilliant white flash every twenty seconds". This lens is considered to be sufficiently significant that models have been made and marketed as technological "diamonds"—"a superior example of mathematical dimension and extraordinary beauty. . . . With its magnificent series of concentric glass prisms, the light would reflect back through the central lens—a perfect example of a 'catadioptric system."
An office was on the tower's lower level, and it was accessible only from the head keeper's side. Each dwelling had six rooms, including on the first floor a kitchen, parlor and dining room, and on the second floor three bedrooms. Each side had a basement cistern to collect water from the roof eaves and a pump in the kitchen to get water from the cistern to the sink for washing dishes. When paint contamination of the cisterns was discovered, water was fetched from the lake in buckets.
The aid to navigation was deactivated and sold to private owners. In 1990 the original Fresnel lens was recovered and reinstalled, and is on exhibit.
Private home.
In 1961, the lighthouse, and were sold by sealed bid to Jon Pick, a plastic surgeon from Chicago. The purchase price was $40,000 (equivalent to $ in ). Six years of abandonment meant that most of the roof was missing, windows broken and the walls were denuded of most of the plaster. Layers of paint needed to be scraped. Pick's attempt to turn it into a summer home encompassed 17 years of construction and renovation, including upgrading or installing inside plumbing, electricity and a modern heating system. Many rooms were re-plastered. The duplex was integrated into one large building. Period antiques and travel mementos were placed.
Bed and breakfast.
In 1979, in his 80s and in poor health, the Pick sold the keeper's house to Dan Hitchens of Traverse City. Hitchens added bathrooms and executive meeting rooms, intending to convert the place to a bed and breakfast.
Five years later, Hitchens sold the lighthouse to an investment group of whom the managing owners were Norman Gotschall, and his wife. Bed-and-breakfast amenities were added, the fog signal building was reopened, additional acreage acquired, and hiking trails opened. The new bed-and-breakfast opened in 1986.
Nearing retirement, the Gotschalls and their partners decided to sell, and in March 1992 the lighthouse was purchased by the fourth owners, John Gale, Linda Gamble, and Jeff Gamble. In 2018 Nick Korstad purchased the lighthouse, and has been running it as a Bed and Breakfast, while restoring the interior and exterior.
The light was built in 1896 at a cost of $25,000 (equivalent to $ in ) and automated in 1944. In 1961, the lighthouse was sold to Pick. Pick had it restored and furnished with antiques. It was set up originally as a duplex, so it would have quarters for two keepers and their families. It has been a bed and breakfast since 1986.
Access to the grounds and tours of the light (and fog horn building) are available.
Life at the light.
The keeper's house consists of 18 rooms in a two story brick building. The attached tower is tall enough to place the light above Lake Superior. Originally, this housed the keeper (and his family) and an assistant keeper with family as well. As the country moved to eight-hour shifts, a frame building with outhouse was built at the bottom of the hill for a second assistant keeper.
At the time the light was built the only way to get to and from the aid to navigation was by water. Those who worked at Big Bay Point were truly isolated. The keepers' wives not only had to do the usual housekeeping and food preparation, but also schooling of any children in residence.
Other structures on the site include two cisterns, an oil house, a garage, two brick outhouses, a dock. a well house and a brick fog signal building, which housed the original Fresnel lens for display. However, another source opines that "the original 3° Fresnel lens, formerly displayed in the fog signal building, is now on loan to the Marquette Maritime Museum in Marquette."
The light tower has intricate fortress style brick work near its apex (like Old Mackinac Point Light, which is its contemporary), supporting an octagonal lantern and iron watch room. The light was automated in 1941. The station was sold in 1961 after a new light was erected on a steel tower on the grounds.
Notable deaths at the light.
There has been at least one notable death associated with the lighthouse. Red-haired William Prior, who was the first lighthouse keeper at Big Bay Point, was devastated when his son, Edward, died of a leg injury. William vanished in 1901 and his body was found almost a year and a half later hanging from a tree about a mile from the lighthouse. He may have committed suicide or have been murdered. A red-haired ghost has reportedly been seen in mirrors, and doors tend to bang in the middle of the night.
Current status.
Effective November 12, 1988, the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is also listed on the state list.

</doc>
<doc id="7016470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016470" title="Deborah F. Carthy-Deu">
Deborah F. Carthy-Deu



</doc>
<doc id="7016473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016473" title="Francelia Billington">
Francelia Billington

Francelia Billington (February 1, 1895 – November 24, 1934) was an early American silent-screen actress, and an accomplished camera operator.
Early life.
On February 1, 1895, Billington was born in Dallas, Texas, the daughter of James Billington and his wife, Adelaide Bueter. At age 10, she moved to Los Angeles, where she attended Sacred Heart Convent.
Career.
She began working in films for the Kalem Company's West Coast studio in 1912, then moved to Reliance-Majestic Studios the following year, and she continued starring in films under its banner when D.W. Griffith became the studio's director-general. Billington made "The Half Breed" with Jack Pickford in 1913. The production was filmed at the Majestic Studio on Boyle Heights.
Billington left Majestic in 1915, and following her association with the Palo Alto Film Corporation, where she worked with Nell Shipman, one of the more remarkable figures in film history on the uncompleted film "Wanda of the Red Street", she joined Universal. There, she played leads for directors Rupert Julian and Rex Ingram. In 1917, she went to The American Film Company in Santa Barbara, California to star in features directed by Edward Sloman. Her return to Universal in 1918 brought her a co-starring role in one of silent film's cinematic milestones: "Blind Husbands", Erich von Stroheim's directorial debut. Billington played the wife, and Sam De Grasse played the husband. Although her performance brought praise from the critics, she earned no other great roles, and she continued in a mix of undistinguished melodramas, Westerns, and action films.
Later years.
Billington's level of film production slowed down with only five total films in 1918 and 1919. One of her 1920s features was a Western genre film with Tom Mix, titled "Desert Love." Later that year, she returned to Rex Ingram's directorship with "Hearts Are Trumps." Billington acted the role of "Sybil Sayre" in the first film made for the Ray Rockett Film Corporation, in 1920. She was cast with Betty Blythe in "The Truant Husband" (1921). The screenplay was based on a story by Albert Payson Terhune which had appeared in "Cosmopolitan". Billington supported Madge Bellamy in "The White Sin" (1924).
Marriage.
In October 1920 Billington married Lester Cuneo at the Riverside Inn in Riverside, California. They resided at Cuneo's home in Beverly Hills, California and had two children together. The couple appeared in 14 films together, with their last two features in 1925. However, their marriage unraveled, and he killed himself on November 1, 1925, while their divorce proceedings were under way.
Death.
Billington's health was visibly declining at the beginning of 1934. She died from tuberculosis, there were no obituaries in the trade papers, and her death went unnoticed by the film industry and the public. She is interred at Calvary Cemetery in East Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="7016484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016484" title="The King Alone">
The King Alone



</doc>
<doc id="7016486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016486" title="MassCap">
MassCap



</doc>
<doc id="7016491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016491" title="S. S. Wesley">
S. S. Wesley



</doc>
<doc id="7016496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016496" title="Harasu Kuruba">
Harasu Kuruba



</doc>
<doc id="7016497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016497" title=".Ape">
.Ape



</doc>
<doc id="7016501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016501" title="Bahía Blanca Partido">
Bahía Blanca Partido

The Partido de Bahía Blanca is a partido of the Buenos Aires Province is located at the south-west of the province in central Argentina at coordinates 
The provincial subdivision holds a population of 284,776 inhabitants in an area of 2,300 km2 (888 sq mi), and its capital city is Bahía Blanca, on the shore of the Atlantic Ocean.
Sports.
The city of Bahía Blanca has a strong sporting tradition. It is home to two football clubs, Olimpo de Bahía Blanca and Club Villa Mitre (second division).
The city is also well known for its basketball club Estudiantes which is on the "Liga Nacional de Basquetbol."
Administrative divisions.
Bahía Blanca Partido is subdivided into eleven divisions known as "localidades":
Settlements.
The main towns in Bahia Blanca Partido are, including its population according to the :

</doc>
<doc id="7016502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016502" title="Raquel Turner">
Raquel Turner

Rachel "Raquel" Turner (formerly Slater; born 4 June 1957) is a fictional character from the BBC television sitcom "Only Fools and Horses", in which she is Del Boy's long-term partner. She is portrayed by Tessa Peake-Jones.
Character creation.
With "Only Fools and Horses" moving into its sixth series, writer John Sullivan wanted Del Boy to start looking for more mature women, rather than continually chasing 20-year-olds, and to have a long-term relationship, so he came up with the character Raquel for the 1988 Christmas special episode, "Dates".
Biography.
During the episode, she was introduced to Del via a dating agency and at first the two got on well. She told Del that she was a trained actress, with ambitions to have a full-time career in the profession, although her only experiences of the business had been an unsuccessful pop duo with a friend, "Double Cream". She made various low-key stage appearances, (including one headlining at the Talk of the Town, Reading, in which she fluffed her lines so badly that the crowd cheered when last orders was announced) and a one-line part in a "Doctor Who" episode. She also mentioned that, owing to her career choice, she had long been estranged from her parents, not having seen or spoken to them for years.
However, she supplemented her income with a part-time job as a stripagram, a fact Del only discovered when he unwittingly booked her for Uncle Albert's birthday party at the Nag's Head pub. Humiliated in front of all his friends, Del told her he no longer wanted to see her. However, she then told Del that if he wanted her to stay, she would refuse the job she had been offered in the Middle East and remain with him. Del changed his mind but an untimely misunderstanding with the police (when he mistook a female officer for another stripper) resulted in him being arrested and unable to meet her. Heartbroken, she left London to work in the Middle East and later the United States.
It was initially intended for that to be Raquel's only appearance in the show. However, a year later, Sullivan wrote her into the series again, for the 1989 Christmas special, "The Jolly Boys' Outing". During the episode, Del and a group of friends were on their annual day trip to Margate and, by chance, were stranded there for the night when their coach blew up. They went to a night club that evening, where Raquel was working as a magician's stage assistant. She and Del spoke again, and this time agreed to stay in touch. Shortly afterwards, Raquel moved back to Peckham with Del and, from series seven onwards, she became a permanent character.
Thereafter, Raquel tried on several occasions to resurrect her show-business career, such as auditioning for Shakespeare plays (she won a role in a production, only to turn it down after discovering that she was pregnant) and appearing on stage alongside the singing dustman with a speech impediment, Tony Angelino, in "Stage Fright". Following the birth of her and Del's son, Damien, she became a housewife, taking over the cooking and cleaning roles from Uncle Albert. In a plot twist in "The Class of '62", it was revealed that she had previously been married to Roy Slater, corrupt police officer and nemesis of Del, for four years. Raquel was reunited with her parents in "Time On Our Hands", when she invited them to dinner at the flat.
A kind-hearted and parental figure, she met a man with a similar nature in Del. Their relationship suffered several problems, and she briefly left Del in "Fatal Extraction" due to his gambling and heavy drinking. They were ultimately reconciled, though never married, despite hints of Del's desire to marry her. Her character also changed as the show went on, moving from an ambitious woman lacking in confidence, to a tougher sarcastic one unafraid to stand up to Del's scheming and fast-talking nature.

</doc>
<doc id="7016506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016506" title="Weltzheimer/Johnson House">
Weltzheimer/Johnson House

The Weltzheimer/Johnson House is a Usonian style house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright in Oberlin, Ohio. It was constructed in 1948 and 1949. Now owned by Oberlin College, it is operated as part of the Allen Memorial Art Museum. The house was originally named the Charles Weltzheimer Residence.
Style.
The first of nine Usonian homes to be built in Ohio, the house bears the typical features of the Usonian style: brick construction, an L-shaped plan, a flat roof with large overhangs and a carport. The Weltzheimer house is, however, unusual in a number of respects. For instance, it is rare in its use of redwood which forms the ceiling and exterior walls of the home. The unusually elaborate curvilinear motifs in the panels in the clerestory are unique to this house. Wright himself also created a detailed landscape plan for the property.
The Weltzheimer/Johnson House stands as another expression of Wright's answer to the demand for beautiful and affordable middle-class homes in post-World War II America. Pairing innovation with basic owner-builder construction materials and techniques, the concepts of organic architecture evolved into these Usonian characteristics: a flowing floor plan with distinct public and private wings, a grid-patterned concrete slab floor with radiant heat, a flat roof and cantilevered carport, masonry fireplace mass, board and batten walls with simple built-in furniture, and tall glass walls and doors opening to the landscape.
The Weltzheimer/Johnson House uses brick masonry and redwood and has several distinctive features, including the hundreds of stained balls forming the roof dentil ornamentation whose circular motif is echoed in the shadow panel screens of the clerestory and the interior brick columns that separate the living room from the "workspace," Wright's name for the kitchen in his Usonian homes.&lt;ref name="Weltzheimer/Johnson House"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
History.
The house was commissioned by Charles and Margaret Weltzheimer in 1947, a year after they moved to Oberlin to live near a business Charles was a part-owner of. The original budget for the project was $15,000, but the final cost was two to three times that, possibly as much as $50,000, precise records having been either lost or not kept in the first place. The first plans were delivered in May 1948, and although much interior work remained to be completed, the family moved into the house in April 1949. An apprentice from Taliesin oversaw construction; Wright himself never visited the site.
The house was angled in the lot, both to maximize exposure to the winter sun and to enhance views of surrounding property. The landscape plan for the property included a small orchard of fruit trees planted in diagonal rows that matched the orientation of the house; a gravel drive along the eastern edge of the property and "berry bushes" on the western and southern edges. A rectangular garden was planned adjacent to the bedroom wing and perennial borders extended selected wall out into the landscape. The Weltzheimers loosely followed Wright's plan, including planting the orchard, though they never strictly adhered to it.
The house remained in the Weltzheimer family until the early 1960s. The next two owners made drastic changes to the property. They first removed many of the original plantings and planted numerous trees close to the house, breaking the visual connection from the interior to the exterior. One owner also installed a brick column to support a sagging roof overhang. A speculator bought the house in 1966 and subdivided the property into four lots. The house was painted and downspouts were added. Inside, white formica counter tops and mahogany cabinets were installed in the kitchen. Other significant changes were made in every room of the house.
In 1968 the home was purchased by Ellen H. Johnson, a Professor of Modern Art at Oberlin College. She bought the house to prevent further damage and soon embarked on a daunting restoration that continued for the 25 years that she owned the house. Johnson also began to undo some of the changes to the landscape to restore the feeling of serenity and connectedness that Wright intended.
In the 1970s, concerned about the future of the house, Ellen Johnson made arrangements for the house to be transferred to Oberlin College upon her death. To ensure that the home would be properly maintained and that the college would not dispose of it, she also arranged for a maintenance endowment.
Ellen Johnson died in 1992, and the house was transferred to Oberlin College. Today the house is operated by the Allen Memorial Art Museum and holds public open house hours on the first Sunday of each month. As of 2009, the Weltzheimer/Johnson House has begun seasonal closings to preserve the house and protect it from extreme wear-and-tear. The house is now closed December through February, reopening for public open house tours in April.

</doc>
<doc id="7016507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016507" title="Seadrill">
Seadrill

Seadrill is an offshore drilling contractor providing worldwide offshore drilling services to the oil and gas industry. Its primary business is the ownership and operation of drillships, semi-submersible rigs, and jack-up rigs for operations in shallow to ultra-deep water in both benign and harsh environments. It provides a contract-based service and primarily serves the oil super-majors, integrated oil and gas, state-owned national oil, and independent oil and gas companies.
History.
Seadrill was incorporated as a Bermuda company on May 10, 2005 by John Fredriksen.
In July 2005, the company acquired jack up rigs from Odfjell Drilling.
In September 2006, the company acquired a controlling share of Smedvig by outbidding Noble Corporation.
In 2007, the company acquired Eastern Drilling.
In May 2010, the company outbid Ensco (now Valaris Limited) for Scorpion Offshore, valuing the company at $567 million.
In 2014, Seadrill conducted an initial public offering of its North Atlantic Drilling subsidiary, which owns harsh environment rigs. Seadrill continued to own 70% of North Atlantic Drilling.
In April 2013, the company sold the majority of its tender rig and semi-tender operation to SapuraKencana.
In May 2013, the company sold Tender rigs "T-15", "T16" and the "West Vencedor" to Seadrill Partners LLC.
In June 2013, the company acquired a majority interest in Sevan Drilling.
In November 2014, the company suspended dividend payments as a result of a downturn in the industry.
In December 2017, the company filed bankruptcy. The company emerged from bankruptcy in July 2018.
In 2019, Seadrill acquired a 50% stake in Gulfdrill, a joint venture that operates five premium jackups in Qatar with Qatargas. The remaining 50% interest is owned by Gulf Drilling International (GDI).
In 2019, Seadrill acquired a 50% stake in Sonadrill, a joint venture that operates 3 drillships focusing on opportunities in Angolan waters. The remaining 50% interest is owned by Sonangol EP.
The company delisted its shares from the New York Stock Exchange in June 2020.
On October 1, 2020, Seadrill announced the appointment of new CEO Stuart Jackson, replacing Anton Dibowitz with immediate effect.
In November 2020, Seadrill has collaborated with Forbearance.
On December 1, 2020, Seadrill filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy for the second time. The company emerged from Chapter 11 in February 2022 and a new Board of Directors was appointed.
On January 12, 2022, Seadrill New Finance, Seadrill's subsidiary, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. The company emerged from bankruptcy on January 20, 2022.
On March 24, 2022, Seadrill announced the appointment of new CEO Simon Johnson, replacing Stuart Jackson.
On October 11, 2022, Seadrill Limited received approval to relist its Shares on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “SDRL”. The Shares commenced trading on October 14, 2022. Following the listing on the NYSE, the status of Seadrill Limited’s listing on the Euronext Expand market of the OSE was changed from a primary to a secondary listing. On November 17, 2022, the Shares were moved from the Euronext Expand market to the main list of the OSE 
In October 2022, Seadrill completed the sale of seven jack-up rigs to ADES Arabia Holding Company.
In December 2022, it was announced Seadrill had acquired the London-headquartered owner of offshore drilling units, Aquadrill LLC, in an all-stock deal worth $958 million USD. The transaction closed in April 2023.
In June 2023, Seadrill announced the sale of its three tender assist-units.
Sustainability.
Seadrill has reported its GHG emissions via The Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) since 2010 with a year-on-year reduction in its carbon footprint. The company published its first sustainability report in 2021. In 2021, Seadrill achieved an industry-leading B rating from CDP, 0 fines or significant environmental incidents, and 0 tier 1 well control events.
Controversies.
Bribery allegations.
In 2015, Petrobras alleged bribery in the negotiations of rig contracts signed by Sevan Drilling, a subsidiary of Seadrill, in 2005-2008. In 2018, Økokrim, the Norwegian authority for investigation and prosecution of economic and environmental crime, completed the investigation against Sevan Drilling and the original charges were dismissed.
Environmental damage due to rig fire.
In November 2009, Seadrill's West Atlas jackup rig, which was located on Montara field, about 690 kilometers offshore of Darwin, Australia, caught fire after the field had been leaking oil for ten weeks. The rig was operated by the Thai firm PTTEP. For 74 days, gas and oil ran into the Timor Sea, in what was one of the worst environmental disasters in Australian history.
The Thai national petroleum exploration company (PTTEP) took immediate responsibility for the oil spill and, in 2011, the company pleaded guilty to four charges in the Darwin Magistrates Court relating to the workplace health and safety and failure to maintain good oilfield practice. The company conducted scientific studies and concluded there “has been little or no detectable impact from the spill on any marine ecosystem or species in the Timor Sea”.

</doc>
<doc id="7016511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016511" title="The New York Gilbert and Sullivan Players">
The New York Gilbert and Sullivan Players



</doc>
<doc id="7016512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016512" title="Trade unions in Australia">
Trade unions in Australia



</doc>
<doc id="7016518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016518" title="I-EO-DO">
I-EO-DO



</doc>
<doc id="7016525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016525" title="Parker loop">
Parker loop



</doc>
<doc id="7016533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016533" title="Parker's loop">
Parker's loop



</doc>
<doc id="7016534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016534" title="Trivium band">
Trivium band



</doc>
<doc id="7016537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016537" title="Rodolfo Stavenhagen">
Rodolfo Stavenhagen

Rodolfo Stavenhagen (29 August 1932 – 5 November 2016) was a German-born Mexican sociologist and anthropologist who specialized in the study of human rights and the political relations between indigenous peoples and states. He was a professor-researcher at El Colegio de México. In 2001 he was appointed by the United Nations Commission on Human Rights the first United Nations Special Rapporteur on the situation of the human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous people through Resolution 2001/57. His mandate expired 30 April 2008. He was succeeded by Prof S. James Anaya of the University of Arizona.
He was born in 1932 in Frankfurt to a Jewish family, and because of Nazi persecution his family fled to Mexico in 1940. He studied at the University of Chicago and later at Mexico's Escuela Nacional de Antropología e Historia, before receiving his PhD from the University of Paris.
He taught as a visiting professor at Harvard and Stanford and the UNAM. The International Institute of Social Studies (ISS) awarded its Honorary Fellowship to Rodolfo Stavenhagen in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="7016540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016540" title="Hermitage of Camaldoli">
Hermitage of Camaldoli

The Hermitage of Camaldoli, in Italian Complesso dell'Eremo dei Camaldoli, is a hermitage in Naples, Campania, Italy — also known in Italian as "Eremo Santissimo Salvatore Camaldoli." Originally intended as an actual hermitage, a place for religious seclusion for male ascetics, the complex has served Brigidine nuns since 1998. The complex is located at Via dell'Eremo 87, at an elevation of 458 meters (1502'), the highest point in Naples.
History.
Founded at the request of Giovanni D'Avalos, son of Alfonso d'Avalos, Marquise del Vasto, the hermitage was constructed in 1585 by the Camaldolese congregation of Monte Corona on the ruins of an ancient chapel, founded by San Gaudioso in 439. On November 23, 1662, Pope Alexander VII elevated the Hermitage to a Novitiate. In May 1771, Pope Clement XIV combined it with three other convents. 
During its life, the monastery was suppressed twice; first during the Napoleonic period in 1807. With the beginning of Naples' so-called French decade, the monastery and the church were stripped of all property and the monks expelled from the convent. In 1820 Ferdinand I, King of the Two Sicilies, decreed the hermits could return. 
In 1866, due to suppression laws issued by the Savoy unitary government, the Camaldolese were again expropriated of all assets and expelled again. They returned there definitively in 1885, with the help of Cardinal Guglielmo Sanfelice d'Acquavilla, who interceded on their behalf and allowed restitution of what had been taken from the monks. In 1885, the complex was again assigned and entrusted to the Benedictine Camaldolesis. 
By the late 1990s, due to the drastic reduction of vocations, only two monks remained. Since 1998, after being renovated and refurbished, the hermitage has served the Brigidine nuns of the order of the Santissimo Salvatore of Santa Brigida.
Architecture and art.
Replacing the ancient church accommodated on the site, the new complex was designed by Domenico Fontana, reflecting the sixteenth-century architecture of the late Renaissance of Campania. 
The monastery complex includes the main church with its bell tower, the large main guesthouse, with guest rooms overlooking a wide panorama from Vesuvius, Capri and Ischia; 16 monastic cells, each with bathroom, heat and telephone; two refectories; meeting and reading room; library; conference room :— all surrounded by cultivated kitchen gardens. The property hosts numerous cell towers and satellite dishes, befitting its location on the highest point in Naples.
The church's large altar is the work of Cosimo Fanzago, and numerous significant paintings and frescoes include those by Francesco Francanzano; Angelo Mozzillo; Luca Giordano (the Immaculate Conception, the Transfiguration and the Sacred Family in front of the Cross); Giovanni Bernardino Azzolini (The Miracle of St. Bernardino); Federico Barocci; Antiveduto Gramatica and Massimo Stanzione (The Last Supper); Luigi Rodriguez, Fabrizio Santafede; Cesare Fracanzano, and Ippolito Borghese.

</doc>
<doc id="7016546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016546" title="CBF1000">
CBF1000



</doc>
<doc id="7016557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016557" title="Hot (Squirrel Nut Zippers album)">
Hot (Squirrel Nut Zippers album)

Hot is the second studio album by American retro swing band Squirrel Nut Zippers. Recorded as a follow-up to their acclaimed debut, "The Inevitable", the group continued their use of big band sounds and tongue-in-cheek lyrics. Upon its release in June 1996, the album drew favorable reviews from most critics, who praised the humorous lyrical compositions and the record's cross-generational appeal. The album peaked within the top 30 of the "Billboard" 200, and was certified Platinum by the RIAA in December of the year following its release. It also spawned a single, "Hell", which peaked at No. 13 on the Alternative Airplay chart; and though it did not reach the Pop Top 50, it did manage to garner airplay on 24 pop radio stations.
Composition.
The album was recorded live in October 1995 using a single microphone, as an homage to old jazz records. Vocalist Katharine Whalen's vocals drew comparisons to Billie Holiday, while the group's lyrics were noted for their humor and tongue-in-cheek quality. The 20th anniversary reissue of the album featured a bonus track, "The Puffer", which had been penned by Stacy Guess, the group's former trumpeter who had left the group shortly before they recorded the album.
Reception.
Critical.
Critics' reception of the album was described by one music critic as "a combination of joy and confusion". In a review for "Pitchfork", critic James P. Wisdom awarded the album a score of 9.5 out of 10, commending the record for its cross-generational appeal and its identity as "exuberant, ginhouse swing without apologies". Allmusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine gave the album four out of five stars and praised its humor and big band sound, although conceding that the "tongue-in-cheek" lyrics and Whalen's vocals might be "unbearable" for some. He also designated the record as an "album pick" in the group's discography, and singled out "Put a Lid on It", "Hell", and "Blue Angel" as highlights.
In a less favorable review, music critic Robert Christgau, writing for the "Village Voice", gave the record a letter grade of "B−". Christgau remarked that the group had "written a couple of dandy songs" but also accused the group of being "not good enough to escape" nostalgia, and criticized Whalen's vocals as resembling Holliday and Betty Boop.
Commercial.
The album became the group's first entry on the Billboard 200 chart, on which it spent a total of 51 weeks and peaked at number 27 in June 1997. Prior to its entry into the upper half of the Billboard 200, the album also peaked at number one on the Heatseekers Albums chart. In May 1997, less than a year after its release, the album was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for sales in excess of 500,000 copies, and in December of that year it was certified Platinum for sales of over 1,000,000 copies.
The single "Hell" also attained some success, crossing over onto mainstream radio. It peaked at number 72 on the "Billboard" Radio Songs chart and number 13 on the Alternative Airplay chart. In popular culture, "Hell" was one of the songs sung in the 2021 "Lucifer" episode "Bloody Celestial Karaoke Jam". On Alternative radio, "Put A Lid On It" reached 35 stations as the followup track, but it did not quite make the Top 50.

</doc>
<doc id="7016563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016563" title="Saito Makoto">
Saito Makoto



</doc>
<doc id="7016566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016566" title="Suren Khachatryan">
Suren Khachatryan

Suren Sergeyi Khachatryan (; born August 1, 1956), known as Liska, is an Armenian politician who formerly served as the governor of the Syunik Province of Armenia, a position from which he resigned in 2013, presumably because of a shooting incident near his mansion in Goris. Prior to that, from 1996 to 1999, he was the mayor of Goris. A member of Armenia's Republican Party, Khachatryan was also a deputy to the Armenian National Assembly from 1999 to 2004. He has a wife and four children.
On June 2, 2013, Suren Khachatryan's son shot dead Avetik Budaghyan, the brother of Artak Budaghyan, a Nagorno-Karabakh Republic military unit commander in front of Suren Khachatryan's house in Goris. Khachatryan was forced to resign on June 6, 2013, due to public pressure. He was reappointed as the governor of Syunik Province in September 2014 by Prime Minister Hovik Abrahamyan.
He was president of the Syunik provincial council of the Yerkrapah Volunteer Union.

</doc>
<doc id="7016573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016573" title="Silvia de Esteban">
Silvia de Esteban

Silvia de Esteban Niubo (born December 1, 1971, in Santa Cruz de Tenerife) is a Spanish model and beauty queen. she is the second delegate from her country to win the Miss International title. She held the title in 1990, 13 years after Pilar Medina Canadell won in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="7016575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016575" title="Jüdenstraße">
Jüdenstraße

Jüdenstraße, or Juedenstrasse (see ß; ), is a street in central Berlin, the capital of Germany. It is in the borough of Mitte and runs between Rathausstraße and Stralauer Straße, next to the Rotes Rathaus, Berlin's town hall. It is one of the oldest streets in Berlin, dating from the late 13th century.
Its name preserves the old East Central German expression for Jews, which was "Jüden", instead of New High German "Juden". The Yiddish term for Jews «יידן» (transliterated: Yidn) is based on the same German dialect form, with the German umlaut "ü" being represented by a «י» (here pronounced ). As the name of the street suggests, it once ran through the Jewish district of medieval Berlin, which was no ghetto-like obligatory residential area for Jews. An alley of Jüdenstraße named "Großer Jüdenhof" was the site of the synagogue, school and miqveh. They were founded on an estate of the Margrave of Brandenburg within his immunity district ("landesherrliche Freiheit") not under Berlin's city council jurisdiction. Many Jews preferred to live close to these congregational institutions, until Elector Joachim I Nestor expelled the Jews from Brandenburg in 1510.
Horst Wessel lived there in his youth.

</doc>
<doc id="7016576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016576" title="Jennifer Eaton Gökmen">
Jennifer Eaton Gökmen

Jennifer Eaton Gökmen (born 1971) is an American-Turkish writer and editor. She has contributed to several magazines and newspapers, including "TimeOut Istanbul". Much of her work has focused on her status as an immigrant to Turkey. She was the co-host of the documentary series "Bir Yar Gelir Bizlere", and she was co-editor of "Tales from the Expat Harem", both about expatriation to Turkey. In 2006, she was awarded the Daughters of Atatürk "Woman of Distinction Award".
Background.
Gökmen was born in Wayne, Michigan, graduated from Brentwood High School in Brentwood, Tennessee, in 1989, and received her B.A. from Western Michigan University in Creative Writing and American and British Literature from Western Michigan University in 1994.
Gökmen has lived in Istanbul with her Turkish husband since 1994. She is the daughter-in-law of Turkish politician Dr. Sami Gökmen, former Member of Parliament from the Republican People's Party (CHP) for the district of Muğla during the 16th session of the Turkish Grand National Assembly (TBMM).
Career.
Gökmen has been a regular contributor to "TimeOut Istanbul" magazine and Turkish national daily newspapers Hurriyet Daily News and Today's Zaman. Her writing has appeared in "National Geographic Traveler" and Perceptive Travel.
In 2007 Gökmen co-hosted a Turkish television series focusing on expatriation issues of foreigners married to Turks, "Bir Yar Gelir Bizlere", on the state television station TRT (Turkish Radio and Television Corporation).
Gökmen, along with Anastasia M. Ashman, created and edited the nonfiction anthology "Tales from the Expat Harem: Foreign Women in Modern Turkey". The collection includes the life experiences of 32 expatriate women from seven nations and five continents, whose collective experience spans the length and breadth of Turkey over the past four decades. Stories by scholars, artists, missionaries, journalists, entrepreneurs and Peace Corps volunteers relate personal assimilation into Turkish friendship, neighborhood, wifehood, and motherhood.
"Tales from the Expat Harem" is also published in Turkey, where it was a #1 national bestseller in January 2006. It has been translated into Turkish under the title "Türkçe Sevmek", with a foreword by the controversial Turkish novelist Elif Shafak.
The author, along with co-editor Anastasia M. Ashman, was interviewed on NBC's "Today", on its occasional travel segment "Where in the World is Matt Lauer?" in May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="7016580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016580" title="Joakim Sundstrom">
Joakim Sundstrom



</doc>
<doc id="7016586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016586" title="Turkish carpets">
Turkish carpets



</doc>
<doc id="7016587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016587" title="Bloom (Shader Effect)">
Bloom (Shader Effect)



</doc>
<doc id="7016602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016602" title="Corymore">
Corymore



</doc>
<doc id="7016605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016605" title="Masafumi Takada">
Masafumi Takada

 is a Japanese composer and sound designer, best known for his work on the soundtracks for "killer7", "God Hand", "No More Heroes", and the "Earth Defense Force" and "Danganronpa" series. Takada has worked on multiple projects for Goichi Suda's studio Grasshopper Manufacture and co-founded Too Kyo Games in 2017. 
Career.
Takada was born in Inuyama, Aichi, Japan, and took interest in music since childhood after playing the Electone at Yamaha Music School and experimenting with synthesizers. He learned to play the piano and tuba in high school and studied music in Tokyo for six years, earning a degree. He entered the game industry around the end of the Super Famicom, which he felt was a good time as game console sound chips were becoming more advanced. In 1997, Takada composed the soundtrack of "Moonlight Syndrome", directed by Goichi Suda. Takada would compose music for multiple projects by Grasshopper Manufacture, which Suda founded after leaving Human Entertainment. For "killer7", Takada placed a large emphasis on ambient music and sought to retell the game's story through the music. He considers the game's soundtrack to be among his favorite work. For "No More Heroes", Takada took inspiration from The Chemical Brothers for the boss music. 
On November 5, 2008, Takada founded Sound Prestige, a music and sound production company. The company also functions as a record label where Takada publishes his own music. Takada composed the soundtrack of ' which released in 2010. For the soundtrack, Takada combined a variety of tones to convey tension and claustrophobia during exploration, and a sense of momentum during trials. Takada returned to compose the soundtrack of the sequel, ', in 2012, which sought to convey a tropical feel due to the change in setting. Takada composed for "" in 2017, aiming for a more mature composition which ended up being more jazz-oriented. The soundtrack for "V3" was much larger than the previous titles, and was split into two album releases.
In 2017, Takada co-founded the video game development studio Too Kyo Games, alongside former members of Spike Chunsoft. With the company, he composed for "Death Come True" (2020), ' (2023), and ' (2025).
Works.
"All works listed below were composed by Takada unless otherwise noted."

</doc>
<doc id="7016609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016609" title="Almost Always True">
Almost Always True



</doc>
<doc id="7016611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016611" title="Antonio Guayre Betancor">
Antonio Guayre Betancor



</doc>
<doc id="7016614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016614" title="Tokat Gaziosmanpaşa University">
Tokat Gaziosmanpaşa University

Tokat Gaziosmanpaşa University () is a public university established in 1992 and primarily located in Tokat, Turkey. The university takes its name from the famous Turkish commander Gazi Osman Nuri Pasha, who was born in Tokat.
University governance.
The present rector of Tokat Gaziosmanpasha University is Prof. Fatih Yılmaz. University has two vice Rectors. Names of vice Rectors are Prof. Mücahit Eğri and Prof. Rasim Koçyiğit.

</doc>
<doc id="7016618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016618" title="Operation Mountain Fury">
Operation Mountain Fury

Operation Mountain Fury was a NATO-led operation begun on September 16, 2006 as a follow-up operation to Operation Medusa, to clear Taliban insurgents from the eastern provinces of Afghanistan. Another focus of the operation was to enable reconstruction projects such as schools, health-care facilities, and courthouses to take place in the targeted provinces.
During the operation, the Taliban suffered heavy losses during direct battle with NATO coalition forces; as a result, they are expected to focus more on tactics such as the use of improvised explosive devices (IEDs), according to sources such as NATO's top commander James L. Jones and Canadian defence minister Gordon O'Connor. Jones also linked the large-scale production of opium to increased insurgent violence.
The Canadians continue fighting in Panjwaii.
The Canadian forces began reconstruction efforts after major combat operations of Operation Medusa had ceased. However, they still encountered fierce fighting. Canadian Forces began the construction of a road, code-named "Summit", from the Panjwaii area to outlying areas including Kandahar city and came under continued Taliban attacks both in Panjwaii and in Kandahar city with ambushes, IED attacks or suicide bombings taking the lives of a number of Canadian and American soldiers. The Canadian involvement in operation Mountain Fury was stepped up when they mounted an operation of their own called Operation Falcon's Summit on December 15, 2006. 
During Falcon Summit, the Canadians gained control of several key villages and towns that were former Taliban havens, such as Howz-E Madad. During the first week of the operation, massive Canadian artillery barrages and tank attacks were used in a successful attempt to clear pockets of Taliban resistance.
The Americans go on the offensive.
Meanwhile, the Americans began their combat operations against the Taliban forces that were entrenched in the mountains on the border with Pakistan in the east in the provinces of Paktika, Khost, Ghazni, Paktia, Logar and Nuristan. The 10th Mountain Division led the charge establishing many remote outposts in regions that were previously Taliban dominated. These outposts came under continued attacks as did the American combat patrols which resulted in almost 150 casualties inflicted on the Americans in two and a half months by the beginning of December.
The British attack repelled.
On December 5, 2006, the British Royal Marines attacked a Taliban-held valley in southern Afghanistan near Garmsir but withdrew after a ferocious Taliban counterattack that withstood air strikes and artillery fire. Scores of soldiers moved across a bridge over the Helmand River under a full moon shortly before daybreak and began sweeping south through wheatfields in the south of the province, the opium center of the world's major producer. Marines initially faced only sporadic resistance but when they advanced, Taliban fighters launched a ferocious, organized riposte with heavy weapons and tried to outflank the British troops. The Taliban withstood barrages of air strikes from AH-64 Apache helicopters, 500 pound bombs dropped by B-1 bombers and withering cannon fire from A-10 Thunderbolt II attack jets before the British finally withdrew after a 10-hour battle. The Taliban, who say they have the expertise to defeat the strongest army, had dug sophisticated networks of trenches often leading from compound to compound. The assault was the latest in a series of battles by British forces around the bridgehead and the short road at the north end of the valley, criss-crossed by networks of ancient canals that make Helmand fertile enough to produce a third of the world's opium crop. The British said they considered the assault a success as they had cleared out areas near the "D.C.," a tiny strip of road and ruined buildings on the eastern side of the Helmand River, but without more Afghan troops to hold the ground there was little hope of doing much more.
Mullah Osmani Killed.
On 19 December 2006, a NATO air strike targeted a car in a deserted area of Helmand province, killed Mullah Akhtar Mohammad Osmani along with two other men. He was the top Taliban commander for all of their operations in southern Afghanistan.
The British attack again.
The next month, an operation called Operation Clay was launched on New Year's Day. Plymouth-based 42 Commando were engaged in four days of fighting. The British had running firefights for up to four days against fairly coherent sustained attacks of small arms, rockets and indirect fire. About 110 Royal Marines carried out the operation in northern Helmand. During the operation British troops destroyed a Taliban training camp and killed dozens of insurgents, according to the military.
From the 13th to the 15th of January, 2007, Royal Marines fought Taliban forces in the south of Helmand, attacking their positions and a major base. During the fighting one Royal Marine was killed and several were wounded. The Taliban suffered at least 30 killed.

</doc>
<doc id="7016634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016634" title="Fábio">
Fábio



</doc>
<doc id="7016639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016639" title="Humpty Dumpty (House)">
Humpty Dumpty (House)



</doc>
<doc id="7016643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016643" title="Christian Schulz">
Christian Schulz

Christian Schulz (born 1 April 1983) is a German former professional footballer and current manager who played as a centre-back or left-back.
Club career.
Schulz joined Werder Bremen in 1995 at the age of twelve and stepped up to the reserve side, playing in the Regionalliga Nord in 2001–02. He made his Bundesliga debut on 15 February 2003 as a substitute against 1. FC Nürnberg. When Ümit Davala was injured, Schulz stepped in and made the left-back position his own. With Bremen he won the 2004 German football championship.
Although he had previously stated that he did not want to leave Bremen, he moved to Hannover 96 on 30 August 2007. After nine years with Hannover, he joined SK Sturm Graz. With Graz he won the 2017–18 Austrian Cup.
Schulz retired at the end of the 2020–21 season. Overall he played more than 400 matches in the German and Austrian top-flight respectively.
International career.
Schulz earned four caps for the Germany national team, making his international debut on 16 December 2004 in a 3–0 friendly win over Japan.
 He was part of the DFB squad of the 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup on home soil but didn't take part in the tournament because of an injury.
Managerial career.
Ahead of the 2023–24 season, Schulz was hired to coach the under-17 team of Hannover 96. On 23 April 2025, he was named interim coach for the club's first team together with Lars Barlemann and Dirk Lottner until the end of the 2024–25 season.
Honours.
Werder Bremen
Sturm Graz

</doc>
<doc id="7016645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016645" title="Andrew Oldham Orchestra">
Andrew Oldham Orchestra



</doc>
<doc id="7016652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016652" title="Malay archipelago">
Malay archipelago



</doc>
<doc id="7016655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016655" title="Bel bibaha">
Bel bibaha



</doc>
<doc id="7016656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016656" title="Italian invasion of Ethiopia">
Italian invasion of Ethiopia



</doc>
<doc id="7016659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016659" title="Jolbon">
Jolbon

Jolbon () was the first capital of Goguryeo, which arose in the north of the Korean Peninsula. Jolbon is thought to have been in modern Wunü Mountain, Liaoning province of China. Jolbon was also known by the names of Heulseunggol-seong in the "Book of Wei" and Holbon in the Gwanggaeto Stele.
In 37 BC, Jumong had fled from Dongbuyeo to avoid death at the hands of Dongbuyeo's Crown Prince Daeso, who presented great jealousy towards Jumong. After he fled, Jumong established a new kingdom in 37 BC called Goguryeo in the Holbon region. In Jolbon, he married Soseono (or So Seo-no), who was the daughter of a local tribal leader.
Jolbon was the first capital city of the ancient Korean Kingdom of Goguryeo from 37 BC – 3 AD. The second ruler, the son of Jumong, Yuri, moved its capital to Gungnae Fortress.

</doc>
<doc id="7016663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016663" title="Wishing Peace">
Wishing Peace

Wishing Peace is the second recording released by the New York–based Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin after 13 previous releases with their Los Angeles–based Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band. "Lady Liberty", "Wishing Peace" and "Uptown Stroll" form the three part "Liberty Suite" written on the occasion of the 100th anniversary of the Statue of Liberty.
Track listing.
LP side A
LP side B&lt;br&gt;
Personnel.
Guest

</doc>
<doc id="7016667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016667" title="William Chapman (poet)">
William Chapman (poet)

George William Albert Chapman, né George William Alphred (13 December 1850 – 23 February 1917), was a Canadian poet.
Chapman was born at Saint-François-de-Beauce, Quebec (today's Beauceville), and was educated at Levis College in 1862-1867. He studied law, afterward engaged in commercial pursuits, and later entered the civil service of the Province of Quebec. Chapman worked for some time as a journalist in Quebec City and Montreal; but in 1902 became a French translator for the Dominion Senate and removed to Ottawa, Ontario.
After his death in 1917, he was entombed at the Notre Dame des Neiges Cemetery in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="7016669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016669" title="All Set">
All Set

All Set is the fifth studio album by English pop punk band Buzzcocks. After standardising their line-up of vocalists and guitarists Pete Shelley and Steve Diggle, bassist Tony Barber, and drummer Phil Barker for the band's previous album "Trade Test Transmissions" (1993), the band's first record since their reunion in 1989, the band toured relentlessly which inspired the band–especially Shelley–to create a new album. Hiring longtime punk rock producer Neill King to produce and engineer "All Set", the band recorded in Fantasy Studios, Berkeley, California, a studio where then-huge pop punk bands like Green Day, to whom Buzzcocks had been a big influence, had recently recorded music engineered by King.
The album is a departure from the band's earlier material, retaining a pop punk style but adding regular unusual arrangements and instruments in many songs, with varying songs including a Hammond organ, quirky rhythms, strings and synths. Changes are especially evident in the album's three songs written by Diggle, who had written and recorded three further songs with the band for the album but which were accidentally left off the album when it was handed for publishing, although the unreleased songs were released as bonus tracks in the Japanese release. As such, "All Set" leans heavily onto Shelley's material. Barker's drumming style was said to show more flair, whilst the record is said to "reflect their maturity and approach to relationships that the early singles just couldn't."
The album was released in May 1996 by I.R.S. Records in most markets, a label the band signed to in order for their music to be better distributed. However, the label closed two months after the album's release, making "All Set" the label's last release, and abruptly ending the album's promotion. As such, it was not a commercial success. However, it was a critical success, with critics praising the manic and melodic juxtaposition, memorability of its songs and vitality. Music journalist Colin Larkin said the album "confirmed the Buzzcocks' latter-day renaissance." A remastered version of "All Set" was released in the box set "Classic Album Series" in 2014.
Background and recording.
After their prolific career in the late 1970s, punk rock/pop punk band the Buzzocks reformed in 1989 for a tour of the United States, although by 1990 the reunion had become permanent. The group's rhythm section, Steve Garvey (bass) and John Maher (drums) soon left the band, both of whom were content to continue their other lines of work, and after a brief stint with former Smiths drummer Mike Joyce, the group's standardised line up became vocalists and guitarists Pete Shelley and Steve Diggle, bassist Tony Barber, and drummer Phil Barker. The band recorded their first album in 14 years, "Trade Test Transmissions" (1993), a return to the band's original pop punk sound and a departure from the experimental music Shelly and Diggle had recorded away from the Buzzcocks. Although it was a critical success, it was not a commercial one despite the huge surge in popularity for pop punk at the same time, but regardless, the band toured relentlessly worldwide following its release.
Touring the world playing their durable old songs had put the group−especially Pete Shelley−in the same framework for new songs. As such, they began work on the new album "All Set" in 1995, and hired longtime English punk rock producer Neill King to produce the album. According to music journalist Ned Raggett, "hooking up with Neill King as producer for "All Set" was an amusing turn on the part of the Buzzcocks, given that King had engineered "Dookie" [a few years earlier], the breakthrough album from open Buzzcocks worshippers Green Day." Buzzcocks felt that "a little acknowledgement back" to Green Day was in order, even going so far as to record "All Set" at Fantasy Studios in Green Day's hometown of Berkeley, California. Nonetheless, the Buzzcocks were "far from trying to capture the MTV audience with a variation on "Basket Case". King not only produced "All Set" but engineered it at the same studio, and played piano on the album. King's acclaimed producing and engineering work on the album lead to one critic noting that "things haven't sounded this crisp and clear for the band even since the late '70s." Frank Rinello is credited in the album sleeve as "assisting" the recording, whilst Jim Push is credited for "additional keyboards."
The final album was mostly written by Shelley, including Your Love and Give it to Me who Shelley had recorded and released in 1988 as Zip, although three songs were written by Diggle. When asked why he didn't contribute as many songs on "All Set" as he had on the band's previous releases, Diggle explained that the band had actually recorded six of his contributions, but the songs were delivered too late to the band's record label I.R.S. Records. Diggle explained "they pressed up the album thinking that was it and when the album came out I said, 'what the fuck's happened here? You missed three songs?' The three missing songs were soon released a month later as bonus tracks on the Japanese edition, since the band had a different record label deal in Japan, where they were signed to Real Cool Records instead. In the words of Ronnie Dannelley of "Pop Culture Press", the "humorous incident" would have sent "collectors scrambling to find the Japanese pressing."
Music.
Although "All Set" retains the band's traditional pop punk style, the band experiment "here and there" on the album with atypical instruments and arrangements. Ned Raggett of Allmusic described the experiments as "hints of trying to breathe once again beyond the basic formula." The inclusion of a Hammond organ provides "a nice extra touch here and there," such as on the lower-key groove of "Hold Me Close," one of Shelley's tenderer love songs, while Diggle "pulls off a rock-of-the-gods epic start" for "Playing for Time." The concluding two songs have both been noted for having "something to them in particular"−"Pariah" has a quirky rhythm crunch to it à la "Sixteen," while Diggle's "Back With You" starts off with an acoustic guitar and turns into a string-synth-swept declaration of love. Nonetheless, besides the unusual touches, Raggett said its "generally effective business as usual" Ali Sinclair of "Consumable Online" said that although listeners might assume the band to have mellowed out, they "still sound like the Beatles overdosed on caffeine - or more."
On "All Set", the band's drummer Phil Barker was noted as "in particular showing more individual flashes and flair than before," whilst Shelley and Diggle "throw in a couple of almost mainstream guitar solos along the way, but otherwise are as dedicated as always to the virtues of high-volume, brisk poppiness." Some songs on "All Set" seem to borrow whole guitar licks from older songs by the band, such as the European siren lick from "Harmony in My Head" that resurfaces on "Point of No Return", but, in the words of Roger Catlin, "these aren't middle-age musicians trying to pass for callow youth," as some of the songs on the album "reflect their maturity and approach to relationships that the early singles just couldn't." The sound of the band changes considerably in songs written by Steve Diggle, who according to Catlin "sounds a bit like Pete Townshend when he doesn't sound like Peter Frampton. (The band in its current incarnation is rounded out by a newcomer rhythm section, which figures.)" "The New York Times" said that the album contains "sing-along odes to love's confusion in the tradition of older Buzzcocks songs."
Release and promotion.
By the time the album was released, the band's line-up had been their longest lasting so far, and the group had now been around longer since their 1989 reunion than they had when they originally existed in the late 1970s. For the release of "All Set", the band changed record labels to I.R.S. Records, as the band thought that the two labels they were signed to at the time, Castle Records (for UK distribution) and Caroline Records (for US distribution), were not far reaching enough. When asked about the change of label to I.R.S., Diggle explained that "we thought it would be a better move, you know, better distribution. Some people had problems finding "Trade Test"." "All Set" was released worldwide in May 1996 by I.R.S. Records, except in Japan where it was released by Real Cool Records instead on 21 June 1996. In the United Kingdom, it was released on 6 May as a CD and limited edition LP, whilst in the United States it was released on 14 May. The album title, "All Set", comes from an often repeated phrase from an American waitress.
However, the band had only spent two weeks of publicity for the album before I.R.S. Records suddenly closed on 11 July 1996, making "All Set" the last release on the label. Shelly recalled "we were on tour and all the people we were working with suddenly got the phone call that there's no record company." He recalled that "Miles Goldham ["sic"] was trying to buy back his share from EMI/IRS, and he had backers in place, but then they decided, oh you can't have the R.E.M. stuff. As a result of that his backers fell through. So, he just threw his hands up in despair. He was left with no option but to close down the company." As such, it left the band without a record label and, as a journalist from "Ear Candy Mag" recalled it, the album suffered for "a lack of promotion" and it was not a commercial success, not appearing in any country's national chart, although steady sales from the supporting tour upheld its popularity. The administration of the label was sudden, as at the time of the release of the album, Diggle had explained in an interview that "we signed for a couple of albums. We'll probably be touring the rest of this year, then a new album next year." The folding of I.R.S. Records meant that the band did not release a second album the following year; the band eventually released a new album, "Modern", three years after on Go-Kart Records.
Although "All Set" has never been re-issued or re-released by itself, a remastered version was included as the fifth and final disc in "Classic Album Series", a box set released by Parlophone on 20 June 2014 containing five of the band's albums that were deemed to be "classics".
The album was released during a popular resurgence for punk rock, with older punk bands reuniting and newer ones receiving international exposure, and "All Set" has been seen as exemplifying the period. In his review of "All Set", Roger Catlin of the "Hartford Courant" proclaimed "what an unusual summer we're having. The Sex Pistols, the Misfits and the Dictators are on reunion tours, and there are new albums from Patti Smith, the Specials and the Buzzcocks. What year is this exactly?" After "Ear Candy Mag" pointed out that popular acts such as Oasis, Green Day and Rancid mixed punk rock and pop as was the Buzzcocks style, Diggle said that he thought the revival was "exciting, it brings guitar back. In Britain there's a lot more guitar bands happening." When asked whether he felt that "these new groups are stealing the Buzzcocks' thunder for doing what the Buzzcocks were doing 20 years ago," Diggle replied "Well, there's a hint of that, but you think maybe it will develop. Everybody takes a starting point at some time." On 23 June 1996, Buzzcocks even opened the Sex Pistols' reunion tour, Filthy Lucre Tour, at Finsbury Park.
Reception.
The album was released to a positive reception from music critics. Ned Raggett of AllMusic said "the quartet here sounds like the Buzzcocks, if again essentially the pop-friendlier side of the band." He said that "things haven't sounded this crisp and clear for the band even since the late '70s" and said the album was "generally effective business as usual." Robert Christgau gave the album a three-star honorable mention, signifying "an enjoyable effort consumers attuned to its overriding aesthetic or individual vision may well treasure." His review of the album quipped "love life much smoother, music summat." Roger Catlin of "Hartford Courant" was favourable and said that "at any rate, the songs from "All Set" (a title that comes from the oft-repeated phrase used by American waitresses), won't sound out of place amid the classics when the Buzzcocks headline a show Sunday at Toad's Place in New Haven." Ali Sinclair of "Consumable Online" published a positive review and said the band "sound just as lively as they did back in the mid-seventies. The popular side of punk... less Vicious than Sid, more friendly than the Stranglers - music for pogoing!" "Trouser Press" said "All Set" was another album of "memorable originals with familiar virtues," singling out the songs "Totally from the Heart," "Hold Me Close," "Point of No Return" and "Back with You" as highlights.
A journalist from "Ear Candy Mag" said that "All Set" was "incredibly strong." Ronnie Dannelley of "Pop Culture Press" called it "a solid follow-up to "Trade Test"" and said it showed the band "avoiding the sophomore slump." Whilst interviewing Diggle, a reviewer for "San Francisco Bay Area Concerts" said he had been listening to "All Set" and noted "it feels just as vital to me as "Singles Going Steady"" [the band's most acclaimed album]. He described "All Set" as "part of this larger thing but at the same time too it’s always these individual evolutions." He said that although "All Set", "Love Bites" (1978) and "Flat-Pack Philosophy" (2006) span some 30 years, "they all sound incredible."
In his 2012 book "The Anarchy Tour", music writer Mick O'Shea said that alongside the band's other post-reunion albums, "All Set" "served to affirm that Buzzcocks could still appeal to a global audience while still remaining true to their original ideals." It has been said that "All Set" "reaffirmed Buzzcocks' position as a band deeply loved and revered by a global audience, simultaneously true to their original ideals and open to new ideas."
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Pete Shelley, except as noted.
Personnel.
Adapted from the album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="7016682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016682" title="Essential Drugs">
Essential Drugs



</doc>
<doc id="7016697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016697" title="Jane Connell">
Jane Connell

Jane Sperry Connell (pronounced con-NELL, née Bennett; October 27, 1925 – September 22, 2013) was an American actress and singer.
Connell is best known for originating the role of Agnes Gooch in the 1966 stage musical and 1974 film musical versions of "Auntie Mame".
Early years.
Connell was born in Berkeley, California, to Louis Wesley and Mary (née Sperry) Bennett. She majored in drama at the University of California, where she met her future husband.
Career.
Connell began her career with her husband Gordon, entertaining in San Francisco night clubs such as "The Purple Onion" and the "Hungry I". Eventually the couple moved to New York City, where Connell made her Off-Broadway debut in the 1955 revival of "The Threepenny Opera", a long-running hit at the Theatre de Lys. In the London production of "Once Upon a Mattress", Connell starred as Winifred, the role that Carol Burnett had originated in New York. Her Broadway debut came in the role of Mrs. Peachum in "Threepenny Opera" (1955).
Connell's most prominent success came in 1966 when she was cast as Agnes Gooch in the original Broadway production of Jerry Herman's "Mame". She recreated the role in the 1974 screen adaptation after Lucille Ball, the film's star, became dissatisfied with Madeline Kahn, who originally had been signed to play Gooch.
Only four-foot-eleven, Connell was described as a master of the large comic gesture in "The Oxford Companion to American Theatre", which described her as "a tiny woman with a giant, squeaking voice".
Connell was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her performance in "Me and My Girl" (1986). Additional Broadway credits include "New Faces of 1956" (1956); "Drat! The Cat!" (1965); "Dear World" (1969), once again supporting Angela Lansbury; the short-lived 1983 revival of "Mame", in which Lansbury reprised her 1966 lead role; "Lend Me a Tenor" (1989); "Crazy for You" (1992); and "Moon Over Buffalo" (1995), starring Carol Burnett; "The Full Monty" (2000), succeeding Kathleen Freeman, who died during her run in the show, and "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" (2001).
Jane and Gordon Connell enjoyed extensive theatre careers. They appeared together on Broadway in "Lysistrata" (November 1972), starring Melina Mercouri in the title role. She appeared in New York City Center Encores! production of "Call Me Madam" (February 1995), and the Weill Recital Hall of Carnegie Hall concert presentation of Noël Coward's "Sail Away" (November 1999).
Jane Connell's film roles included "Ladybug Ladybug" (1963), "Trilogy" (1969), "Kotch" (1971), "Won Ton Ton, the Dog Who Saved Hollywood" (1976), "House Calls" (1978), "Rabbit Test" (1978), "Robot in the Family" (1994) and "Dr. Jekyll and Ms. Hyde" (1995). Her decades of television work included six appearances on "Bewitched," where she variously played Mother Goose, Martha Washington, Queen Hepzibah and, in a memorable turn as Queen Victoria, often uttered the phrase "We are not amused." She also appeared on "Green Acres", "All in the Family", "Love, American Style", "M*A*S*H", "Maude", "Good Times," "Law &amp; Order" and many more. 
Connell portrayed Jane in the comedy series "Stanley" (1956). She was a regular on the children's series "Mr. Mayor" (1964) and the situation comedy "The Dumplings". From 1991 to 1994, she had the recurring role of social worker Roberta Domedian on the sitcom "Big Brother Jake".
Family.
She married Gordon Connell, an actor and musician, in 1948. They remained married until her death in 2013. The couple had two daughters.
Death.
Jane Connell died on September 22, 2013, aged 87, at the Lillian Booth Actors Home of the Actors Fund in Englewood, New Jersey from undisclosed causes. She was survived by her husband (who died in 2016) and two daughters, Melissa and Maggie.

</doc>
<doc id="7016698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016698" title="Boy Blue (Cyndi Lauper song)">
Boy Blue (Cyndi Lauper song)

"Boy Blue" is a song by American singer-songwriter Cyndi Lauper, taken from her second studio album "True Colors" (1986). The track was penned by Lauper, Stephen Broughton Lunt, and Jeff Bova, with production by Lauper and Lennie Petze. It was released on May 25, 1987, as the fourth single from the album by Portrait Records. Proceeds from the sale of the single were donated to AIDS organizations. 
"Boy Blue" became one of Lauper's lowest charting singles, and her shortest charting single on the US "Billboard Hot 100", spending four weeks on it and peaking at number 71. A live version of "Boy Blue" was later released as the B-side of her single "Hole in My Heart (All the Way to China)".
Background.
"Boy Blue" came after Gregory Natal, a friend of Lauper's who was dying from AIDS, asked for her to write a song for him. He wanted her to release it "in the spirit of "That's What Friends Are For". She spoke of the process saying, "Most of my life I've been able to deal with the notion that there will always be people who are better and greater than I am, but I can't concentrate on other people. So I wrote "Boy Blue." I poured out my heart, and my liver, into that song."
The title comes from a poem by Eugene Field called "Little Boy Blue". This poem is based on a kid's story:
"Little Boy Blue"
&lt;poem&gt;
 "The little toy dog is covered with dust,"
 "But sturdy and staunch he stands;"
 "And the little toy soldier is red with rust,"
 "And his musket moulds in his hands;"
 "Time was when the little toy dog was new,"
 "And the soldier was passing fair;"
 "And that was the time when our Little Boy Blue"
 "Kissed them and put them there."
&lt;/poem&gt;
Here is what Cyndi says about this song:
"I tried to write about my friend. I knew he really loved 'That's What Friends Are For.' I know that maybe he would have liked me to do a song like that. Instead I wrote about him personally. I don't know that my lyrics were good enough, I don't know that anything was good enough. Maybe it was too personal. I don't know. But I wrote it for him. It was because of him that I keep trying to do stuff. And other friends. So many talented people, so many of our friends and so many gifted people have passed on. Or struggle everyday. Just to live. And it was because of my friends and others that I do this. Maybe that song wasn't good enough, I don't know."
When Lauper was asked about her intense live performance that was released as the video for the song, she responded:
"I used to cry every night when I sang that song. I was so mad. You know, you go through so much and I was so mad. I was mad that my friend was gone, I was mad at the way people treated me...We didn't know what the hell it was. We didn't know anything. Then all of a sudden it was out in the open and everyone was talking about it, but when he first told me about it I didn't understand. I didn't know. And then all of a sudden my friend was ill and ill and ill and then...It was so hard. I was so angry and every night I would sing my guts out, but you'd open your eyes after and it was the same. But sometimes, in a lot of ways, it was healing."
Critical reception.
Jonathan Kennaugh of "Rough Guides" described it as a "poignant track written after the death of a close friend." Ron Fell of the "Gavin Report" described its meaning saying, "Her boy blue is obviously a close personal friend who's a vulnerable, shy guy mugged of his innocence but still in possession of his soul and his dreams." Dave Sholin of the same publication positively praised the song saying, "Her endearing vocal style matches up wonderfully with the lyric of this song."
Music video.
The official music video for the song was a live video clip pulled from the "Cyndi Lauper in Paris" home video cassette and HBO special. It was directed by Andy Morahan.
Track listing.
Standard 7-inch single
Standard 12-inch single
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="7016707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016707" title="Hopf manifold">
Hopf manifold

In complex geometry, a Hopf manifold is obtained
as a quotient of the complex vector space
(with zero deleted) formula_1
by a free action of the group formula_2 of
integers, with the generator formula_3 
of formula_4 acting by holomorphic contractions. Here, a "holomorphic contraction"
is a map formula_5
such that a sufficiently big iteration formula_6
maps any given compact subset of formula_7
onto an arbitrarily small neighbourhood of 0. 
Two-dimensional Hopf manifolds are called Hopf surfaces.
Examples.
In a typical situation, formula_4 is generated
by a linear contraction, usually a diagonal matrix 
formula_9, with formula_10
a complex number, formula_11. Such manifold
is called "a classical Hopf manifold".
Properties.
A Hopf manifold formula_12 
is diffeomorphic to formula_13.
For formula_14, it is non-Kähler. In fact, it is not even
symplectic because the second cohomology group is zero.
Hypercomplex structure.
Even-dimensional Hopf manifolds admit
hypercomplex structure.
The Hopf surface is the only compact hypercomplex manifold of quaternionic dimension 1 which is not hyperkähler.

</doc>
<doc id="7016710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016710" title="Terrapin Park">
Terrapin Park



</doc>
<doc id="7016712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016712" title="Keyword (internet search)">
Keyword (internet search)



</doc>
<doc id="7016713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016713" title="Fan (solitaire)">
Fan (solitaire)



</doc>
<doc id="7016715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016715" title="International Fair Association Grounds">
International Fair Association Grounds

International Fair Association Grounds was a fairgrounds and later a short-lived baseball and football ground located in Buffalo, New York. The ballpark, built on a portion of the former fairgrounds, was home to the Buffalo Buffeds/Blues of the Federal League in 1914 and 1915.
The fairgrounds property was originally a large block bounded by Northland Avenue (north); Humboldt Parkway (east); Ferry Street (south); Dupont Street, and Jefferson Avenue (west). The grounds included a horserace track and grandstand, and a bicycle track within the horserace track. The grounds were a few blocks northwest of the Buffalo Baseball Park.
By the 1910s, the property had been sold to residential developers, and streets were being cut through to form the neighborhood that would become known as Hamlin Park.
The Buffeds sought property for a ballpark in 1914 and found a northwest corner of the property available. The team broke ground on March 23, 1914 with Mayor Louis P. Fuhrmann in attendance and constructed a concrete ballpark called Federal League Park in the spring of 1914. The stands and diamond overlapped part of the site of the northwest corner of the racetrack and its grandstand. The ballpark itself was located on a block bound by Northland Avenue (north, third base); Lonsdale Road (an extension of Hauf Street) (west, first base); Hamlin Road (an extension of Balcom Street) (south, right field); Oriole (now Donaldson Road) T'ing-into the property from the east, and Wohlers Avenue (east, left field).
In addition to baseball, the grounds hosted the 1914 New York Pro Football League championship, won by the Lancaster Malleables.
The area is now fully residential buildings. A short street just to the east of the area, which existed when the fairgrounds was there, is a silent reminder: Inter Park Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="7016716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016716" title="Accomodate">
Accomodate



</doc>
<doc id="7016720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016720" title="Tatyana Tereshchuk">
Tatyana Tereshchuk



</doc>
<doc id="7016721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016721" title="Conflict resolution research">
Conflict resolution research



</doc>
<doc id="7016723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016723" title="Tetiana Tereshchuk-Antipova">
Tetiana Tereshchuk-Antipova



</doc>
<doc id="7016724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016724" title="Federal League Park">
Federal League Park

Federal League Park is the name of two different former baseball parks in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States. Both were used by Indianapolis Hoosiers of the Federal League.
First Federal League Park.
The first Federal League Park was built within Riverside Park for the 1913 season, when the Federal League was still considered a minor league. Its location was typically given as "30th Street and Riverside Park" in local advertisements.
Second Federal League Park.
The second Federal League Park, also known as Federal Park, was built on part of the property known as Greenlawn Park, a former cemetery.
In 1914, the Federal League declared itself to be a major league, and a new Federal League Park was built for the Indianapolis franchise.
The street location of the park was conventionally given in newspapers and city directories as "Kentucky Avenue and West Street". The location is more precisely described as Kentucky Avenue and a railroad track (southeast, center field); Oliver Street (south, right field); White River (some distance west, first base); and "Old Greenlawn Cemetery" (north, third base). Henry Street teed into Kentucky across from the left field area. West Street itself intersected Kentucky (and still does) about half a block to the northeast of the ballpark, where Kentucky ends and South Street begins.
The dimensions of the Kentucky Avenue ballpark were:
The Indianapolis franchise was transferred to Newark for the 1915 season. The Federal League itself disbanded after 1915. The park was used by the Indianapolis ABCs during 1915 and 1916. Early in 1917, it was demolished and replaced with a freight yard for nearby railroads.
Coincidentally, the site of this short-lived ballpark is very close to current professional sports facilities in the city. The Kentucky-West-South intersection is just a block south of Victory Field and a block west of Lucas Oil Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="7016725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016725" title="Tetiana Tereschuk">
Tetiana Tereschuk



</doc>
<doc id="7016726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016726" title="Aleksander Schinas">
Aleksander Schinas



</doc>
<doc id="7016730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016730" title="Power Play (1978 film)">
Power Play (1978 film)

Power Play (also known as Coup d'Etat, A State of Shock and Operation Overthrow) is a 1978 British-Canadian political thriller film directed by Martyn Burke and starring Peter O'Toole and David Hemmings. It was written by Burke and Edward N. Luttwak based on the latter's 1968 non-fiction strategy book "".
Plot.
A small group of military officers frustrated by the corruption and brutality of a fictional contemporary European government decide that they must overthrow the current administration. But the coup's leader worries that there is a spy in their group.
Colonel Narriman, an idealistic and soon-to-retire army officer, becomes sickened by the government's use of extrajudicial killing and torture to suppress the terrorist insurgency that their incompetence and corruption has fostered. Jean Rousseau persuades him that, instead of retiring, he should attempt to overthrow the regime for the good of the country.
Worried about infiltration by agents of the hated internal security chief Blair, he emphasises operational security, as he knows he can expect no mercy if caught, while he builds the coup one important recruit at a time. A key such person is Colonel Zeller, whose armoured brigade is seen as vital for capturing the capital city quickly.
The final part of the film is the actual conduct of the coup attempt with exciting twists and surprises.
Production.
The UK-Canada co-production was filmed in Canada and West Germany. "Power Play" includes scenes shot at the University of Toronto's University College quadrangle and hallways. Portions were also filmed at CFB Borden, CFB Toronto and CFB Lahr in West Germany, using elements of the 4 Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group. The Canadian Armed Forces also provided aircraft, armoured fighting vehicles (including Centurion tanks), and soldiers for the filming. The different marks of Centurion tanks reflected the fact that filming occurred both in Canada and in West Germany.
The flag of the film's unnamed republic, "a generic country with no specific geography or culture", was green, yellow and black.
It was one of the first films financed under Canadian tax concessions.
Release.
It was released on DVD in 2005 by New Star Video under the title "A State of Shock".
Reception.
The film won the Best Screenplay award at the Canadian Film Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="7016735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016735" title="Organic Law of the People's Courts of the People's Republic of China">
Organic Law of the People's Courts of the People's Republic of China



</doc>
<doc id="7016736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016736" title="Harrison Park (New Jersey)">
Harrison Park (New Jersey)

Harrison Park is a former baseball ground located in Harrison, New Jersey, a town adjacent to Newark, New Jersey. The ground was home to the Newark Peppers of the Federal League in 1915. The field was also known as "Peppers Park" or "Peps Park". In publications such as city directories and newspapers, it was often called Federal Baseball Park even during its International League days.
Location.
The ballpark was located within the city limits of Harrison, a block and a half east of the Passaic River and a block and a half west of the former Harrison Hudson and Manhattan Railroad (now PATH) station. Home plate was in the northwest corner. The ballpark was bounded by Middlesex Street [now Angelo Cifelli Drive] (north, third base); South 3rd Street (east, left field); Burlington Avenue (south, right field); and South 2nd Street (west, first base). There were (and are) railroad yards skirting the southeast corner of the property; Public Service Corporation oil tanks were visible behind the right-center field seating, adjacent to the rail yards. An Otis Elevator Company factory stood across the street to the west, near the river.
Baseball.
The stadium had a seating capacity of around 21,000. It was a large ballpark, with dimensions of 375 feet in left, 450 feet to center and 375 feet in right; these dimensions, and the fact that baseball was still in its "dead ball" era, made it difficult to hit for power. Just six home runs were hit in Federal League play in Harrison, and only one left the ballpark, hit by the Peps' Emil Huhn (his only career home run). Huhn would be better known as Fred Toney's catcher in the "double no-hit" game on May 2, 1917, where both Toney and Hippo Vaughn tossed no-hitters through nine innings. A crowd of 26,032 attended the opener on April 16, 1915; subsequent crowds were in the 5,000-10,000 range.
Hal Chase, the "Black Prince of Baseball", was involved in an altercation just outside Harrison Park after a game on Sunday, April 25, 1915. Chase, playing for the Federal League team in Buffalo, came to blows with Newark fan Billy Quinn, who had been heckling Chase. Saloon owner (and former boxer) Patrick McGuigan joined the fray and landed a few blows before police broke up the brawl. Chase was uninjured and played the next two days in Harrison.
After the Federal League disbanded at the end of the 1915 season, the American and National Leagues acquired the ballpark. After Wiedenmayer's Park closed the next year, MLB rented Harrison Park to the minor league Newark Bears of the International League until it burned in 1923.
Soccer.
Harrison Park also hosted several soccer matches in its day and was the home field of West Hudson A.A. of the National Association Football League for their final few seasons.
The National Challenge Cup competition (now the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup) twice held its final match there, in 1918 and again in 1923. On May 4, 1918, after a 2–2 draw between the Fall River Rovers and Bethlehem Steel F.C. in Fall River, the replay was held in Harrison on May 19; Bethlehem Steel won, 3–0, in front of a crowd of 10,000. Five years later, on April 1, 1923, local side Paterson F.C. played St. Louis Scullin Steel F.C. to a 2–2 draw in Harrison with 15,000 in attendance. Scullin declined a rematch, however, as much of their roster were also pro baseball players who had joined their teams; Paterson was awarded the Cup by default.
The site of the ballpark is only a few blocks northwest of the present-day Sports Illustrated Stadium. Opened in 2010, it is home to the New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer and Gotham FC of the National Women's Soccer League. The site previously was used as a parking lot for the stadium.
Fate.
Harrison Park was destroyed by a fire a couple of hours after the game played on August 18, 1923. The Bears played on the road for the remaining six weeks or so of the season. In 1924, they moved to Meadowbrook Oval in Newark, a site previously used for local semi-pro teams. In 1926, they moved to the new Ruppert Stadium in Newark's Ironbound neighborhood.
The site of Harrison Park is now home to a luxury apartment building and a Montessori school.

</doc>
<doc id="7016739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016739" title="Accomodation (eye)">
Accomodation (eye)



</doc>
<doc id="7016740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016740" title="Villa Floridiana">
Villa Floridiana

The Villa Floridiana is a monumental house located amid a large park in the Vomero quarter in Naples, southern Italy. It overlooks the western Neapolitan suburbs of Chiaia and Mergellina.
History.
Construction of a villa at the site was begun by Cristoforo Saliceti and his heirs; Cristoforo had been minister of police for the government of Joachim Murat. In 1817, they were forced to sell to Ferdinand I, the Bourbon king of the Two Sicilies, who used it to house Lucia Migliaccio di Partanna, duchess of Floridia, whom Ferdinand had married morganatically in 1814. She resided here till her death in 1826.
Between 1817 and 1819 the architect Antonio Niccolini reconstructed the building and the surrounding gardens, landscaping in a free, "English"-style. The director of the Botanical Gardens, Friedrich Dehnhardt, planted oaks, pines, palms, cypresses and a large selection of flowers in the gardens.
The neoclassical residence and surrounding gardens were built between 1817 and 1819. The villa since 1931 has housed the National Museum of Ceramics, Naples, also called the 
Museo Duca di Martina. The Duke of Martina, second-born son of Riccardo and Maria Argentina Caracciolo, born in Naples in 1929, but moving to Paris where he began collecting decorative arts. His heirs donated the collection in 1911 to the city of Naples.
Since at least 1953 the gardens have been home to a colony of predominantly black stray cats, which are cared for by volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="7016745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016745" title="Garston Lock">
Garston Lock

Garston Lock () is a lock on the Kennet and Avon Canal. It is near the M4 motorway and near Reading, Berkshire, England.
Garston Lock was built between 1718 and 1723 under the supervision of the engineer John Hore of Newbury, and this stretch of the river is now administered by Canal &amp; River Trust and known as the Kennet Navigation. It has a rise/fall of .
One of only two remaining working examples of turf-sided locks on the canal (the other being Monkey Marsh Lock in Thatcham, Berkshire), Garston Lock has been described as needing "more water to operate than the now more common brick or stone-sided variety", as the sloping sides increase the volume of the lock.
The two sets of lock gates work differently: the upper set operates via a mechanical system, while the lower gates are hydraulic. The top part of the lock chamber has sloping banks which are covered by vegetation of various types rather than by turf. An arrangement of steel rails ensures that boats stay in the centre of the lock during the rise/fall.
In 1990 the lock was designated a Grade II* listed building.
Two pillboxes dating from World War II at the northwest and southeast corners of the lock, which were built as anti-tank defences, are also listed buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="7016749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016749" title="Gordon and Koppel Field">
Gordon and Koppel Field

Gordon and Koppel Field is a former baseball ground located in Kansas City, Missouri. The ground was home to the Kansas City Packers of the Federal League, a third major league in 1914 and 1915. It was also called Gordon and Koppel "Stadium", and variously stylized as Gordon &amp; Koppel or Gordon-Koppel.
The local Gordon &amp; Koppel Clothing Company, which included sporting goods among its wares, was operated by Arthur F. Gordon and Hugo M. Koppel, who created the Gordon &amp; Koppel Athletic Company. They opened the multi-purpose Gordon &amp; Koppel Stadium in 1910. Events reported in the local newspapers included baseball, football and track-and-field. The city directory gave Gordon &amp; Koppel Stadium's address as "47th [Street] southeast corner Tracy Avenue."
Prior to the Federal League's arrival, the most important event held at the stadium was probably the November 24, 1910, Kansas vs. Missouri annual rivalry college football game. The game ended in a 5-5 tie, each team scoring a touchdown (worth 5 points at the time) and missing the subsequent extra point attempts. The Kansas players in particular were not happy with the field conditions, saying the surface was too hard and could cause injuries.[Leavenworth Weekly Times, November 24, 1910, p.1] The change in venue gave the annual event a boost, with the highest gate receipts recorded to that point in the series ($34,000).[Atchison Daily Globe, November 25, p.7] This entry in the rivalry series was the last one to be played in Kansas City until 1944.
The Federal League began operating as a minor league in 1913, with the Kansas City Packers as a member and with home games being played on Gordon &amp; Koppel Field, as the papers were calling it by then. Two members of the Gordon family were on the team's board of directors. The league declared itself a major league for 1914, and Kansas City continued as a league member for its two-year existence at major status. In 1914, the Packers finished in sixth place, 20 games back of first place. They fared better in 1915, finishing games behind, but that was the end of it.
The ballfield was located on a block bound by Lydia Avenue and The Paseo (east, left field); 47th Street (north, third base) (approximates Emanuel Cleaver II Boulevard); Tracy Avenue (west, first base); and Brush Creek (south, right field).
The field was subject to flooding from Brush Creek, which occasionally wrought havoc with the games. After the Federal experiment, the site was soon abandoned. In the summer of 1917, the ballpark site was sold for development.[Kansas City "Times", June 5, 1917, p.4] The land once occupied by the ballpark is now a public park called Kiely Park, which also contains a few commercial businesses, primarily restaurants.

</doc>
<doc id="7016752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016752" title="Ezra Ted Newman">
Ezra Ted Newman



</doc>
<doc id="7016754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016754" title="Pourcieux">
Pourcieux

Pourcieux (; ) is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
The small village provides a typical image of the Provence of Frédéric Mistral, with vine-grower's houses built around a castle, and a town square and fountain shaded by hundred year-old plane trees. Its sunny hillsides sit at the foot of the Monts Auréliens, a short distance from the Montagne Sainte-Victoire made famous by Paul Cézanne.

</doc>
<doc id="7016757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016757" title="Handlan's Park">
Handlan's Park

Handlan's Park is a former baseball ground located in St. Louis, Missouri. The ground was home to the St. Louis Terriers of the Federal League in 1914 and 1915, and was also known as Federal League Park. 
After the Federal League folded, it was used as the St. Louis University Athletic Field, and was also known as High School Field in the 1920s. During that period, the local Sumner High School and Lincoln University baseball clubs held an annual Decoration Day contest there. The St. Louis Giants of the Negro National League played some games there in 1920 and 1921, although that club had its own park on North Broadway.
Surrounded by Grand Avenue on the west, Laclede Avenue on the north, Theresa Avenue to the east, and Clark Avenue to the south, the space used for the park was owned by Alexander H. Handlan. The head of an international railway supply house, Handlan-Buck Manufacturing, Handlan operated a private park at the site aptly named Handlan's Park. The field's location was about a quarter-mile northwest of the site of Red Stocking Baseball Park from the 1870s.
The seating capacity of 15,000 comprised the grandstand at the southeast corner of Laclede and Grand, the pavilion situated near Grand and Clark, and bleachers stretching behind center field between two rows of houses, which were barricaded by tall wooden fences. Home plate was centered in front of the grandstand at Grand and Laclede. Most sources give the playing field's dimensions as for left, for center and for right field. The park was held by the Handlan family until it was finally sold to St. Louis University in 1961.
The St. Louis Chapter of the Society for American Baseball Research (SABR) placed a marker at the site of Handlan's Park, now on the campus of Saint Louis University, on October 17, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="7016758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016758" title="D.A.R.Y.L">
D.A.R.Y.L



</doc>
<doc id="7016762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016762" title="Keith Dworkin">
Keith Dworkin

Keith Dworkin is the co-adaptor of "The Frogs" by Aristophanes that was performed off-off-Broadway by Rising Sun Performance Company. He is also the recipient of the 2006 William Daniels Award for best musical direction for his production of Urinetown., but is best known for his musical direction and co-adaption of Rodgers and Hart's "The Boys From Syracuse" with David Bell.

</doc>
<doc id="7016765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016765" title="Swan-Ganz catheterization">
Swan-Ganz catheterization



</doc>
<doc id="7016769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016769" title="Hopf surface">
Hopf surface

In complex geometry, a Hopf surface is a compact complex surface obtained as a quotient of the complex vector space (with zero deleted) formula_1 by a free action of a discrete group. If this group is the integers the Hopf surface is called primary, otherwise it is called secondary. (Some authors use the term "Hopf surface" to mean "primary Hopf surface".) The first example was found by , with the discrete group isomorphic to the integers, with a generator acting on formula_2 by multiplication by 2; this was the first example of a compact complex surface with no Kähler metric.
Higher-dimensional analogues of Hopf surfaces are called Hopf manifolds.
Invariants.
Hopf surfaces are surfaces of class VII and in particular all have Kodaira dimension formula_3, and all their plurigenera vanish. The geometric genus is 0. The fundamental group has a normal central infinite cyclic subgroup of finite index. The Hodge diamond is
In particular the first Betti number is 1 and the second Betti number is 0. 
Conversely showed that a compact complex surface with vanishing the second Betti number and whose fundamental group contains an infinite cyclic subgroup of finite index is a Hopf surface.
Primary Hopf surfaces.
In the course of classification of compact complex surfaces, Kodaira classified the primary Hopf surfaces.
A primary Hopf surface is obtained as 
where formula_5 is a group generated by
a polynomial contraction formula_6.
Kodaira has found a normal form for formula_6.
In appropriate coordinates, formula_6 
can be written as
where formula_10 are complex numbers
satisfying formula_11, and either
formula_12 or formula_13.
These surfaces contain an elliptic curve (the image of the "x"-axis) and if formula_12 the image of the "y"-axis is a second elliptic curve. When formula_12, the Hopf surface is an elliptic fiber space over the projective line if 
formula_16 for some positive integers "m" and "n", with the map to the projective line given by formula_17, and otherwise the only curves are the two images of the axes.
The Picard group of any primary Hopf surface is isomorphic to the non-zero complex numbers formula_18.
 has proven that a complex surface 
is diffeomorphic to formula_19 if and only if it is a primary Hopf surface.
Secondary Hopf surfaces.
Any secondary Hopf surface has a finite unramified cover that is a primary Hopf surface. Equivalently, its fundamental group has a subgroup of finite index in its center that is isomorphic to the integers. classified them by finding the finite groups acting without fixed points on primary Hopf surfaces.
Many examples of secondary Hopf surfaces can be constructed with underlying space a product of a spherical space forms and a circle.

</doc>
<doc id="7016775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016775" title="Sold Out (Squirrel Nut Zippers album)">
Sold Out (Squirrel Nut Zippers album)

Sold Out is limited edition EP by the swing revival band Squirrel Nut Zippers that was released in 1997. The album contains live songs and other obscure tracks.
Track listing.
Hidden tracks.
These appear after a period of silence on the "Fell to Pieces" (12:48) track.
Personnel.
Additional musicians
Production

</doc>
<doc id="7016788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016788" title="Vision system">
Vision system

Vision system may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7016792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016792" title="Lea Francis">
Lea Francis



</doc>
<doc id="7016800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016800" title="Suresh Prabhu">
Suresh Prabhu

Suresh Prabhakar Prabhu (born 11 July 1953) is an Indian politician. He served as a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1996 to 2009, representing Rajapur in the Lok Sabha. He was also a member of the "Rajya Sabha", representing Andhra Pradesh and Haryana from 2014 to 2022. Prabhu was PM Narendra Modi's Sherpa for the Group of 20 annual summit 2014-2015. 
He held several ministerial portfolios in the cabinet of the Union Government, including the Minister of Civil Aviation, the Minister of Commerce and Industry, the Minister of Railways, the Minister of Fertilizers &amp; Chemicals, and the Minister of Environment and Forests. He is the current chancellor of Rishihood University and chairman of the Indian Chamber of Food and Agriculture (ICFA).
Prabhu was appointed to the Bloomberg New Economy Advisory Board as the only representative from India. He has also worked in the Global Advisory Council of the World Economic Forum.
Education and career.
Suresh Prabhu is a chartered accountant by profession, becoming qualified in 1977. He attended Sharad Ashram Vidyamandir, Dadar, Mumbai, for schooling. He earned a Bachelor of Commerce degree with Honours from M. L. Dahanukar College, Vile Parle, Mumbai, and a Bachelor of Law degree from the New Law College (Ruparel College campus), Mumbai.
Political career.
Suresh Prabhu has been elected from Rajapur constituency, Maharashtra, from 1996 to 2004 under Shiv Sena.
Prabhu held ministerial positions during the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government (1998–2004) as minister of industry in 1996 and minister of heavy industry and public enterprises in 2001-2004.
Prabhu served as Minister of Environment and Forests from 9 March 1998 to 13 October 1999 under the Vajpayee government. During this period, initiatives included developing bamboo resources, drafting the Biological Diversity Act, preparing the National Environment Action Plan, and finalizing various waste management rules.
He held the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers from 1999 to 2000. He worked on policies for the fertilizer, pharmaceutical, petrochemical, and chemical sectors.
He served as Minister of Power from 2000 to 2004. The Electricity Act of 2003 was enacted during his tenure. Reforms made under his ministry encouraged the people to set up their businesses without being dependent on captive power generation.
Prabhu was appointed Chairperson of the Task Force for Interlinking of Rivers under the Vajpayee government.
In the first term of the Narendra Modi government, Suresh Prabhu was appointed Minister of Railways but resigned in 2017 following train accidents. In January 2016, the World Bank invited Prabhu to speak on the role of transport and cities in achieving climate goals.
He served as Minister of Commerce and Industry from 2017 to 2019. Prahbu also visited Russia to participate in “Timber in the Far East-Increasing Industry’s Economic Return” and talked about India-Russia ties with Russian Minister Dmitry Kobylkin.
In the final period of the first term of the Narendra Modi government, he served as Minister of Civil Aviation. During this time, Prahbu helped construct seven airports across the country.
Awards and recognition.
On 18 August 2016, Prabhu received the Goud Saraswat Brahmin Samaj Maharatha Award. Media surveys between 2014 and 2017 ranked him among the top-performing ministers. He was appointed as Visiting Professor in Practice by the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment. In 2024, he received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Economic Policy Group (EPG).

</doc>
<doc id="7016802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016802" title="Kerry G. Johnson">
Kerry G. Johnson

Kerry G. Johnson is an American cartoonist, graphic designer, art director, caricaturist and children's book illustrator. He specializes in caricatures but has created cartoons, illustrations, and digital content creation in his career in brand development, strategic communications, and publication design.
Early life and education.
He was born in Nashville, Tennessee on September 30, 1966. He attended Hillsboro Comprehensive High School, Columbus College of Art and Design and Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio. Johnson is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. He currently resides in Columbia, Maryland.
Career.
Other career milestones include his role as a senior graphic designer at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland and working as an adjunct professor at the Maryland Institute College of Art (MICA) also located in Baltimore.
He has worked for various news outlets including:
Johnson's Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson caricature.
In April 2022, Kerry G. Johnson designed a digital caricature illustration honoring Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson and her historic confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court. The popular caricature by the artist became widely shared and reproduced on the internet. Kerry G. Johnson retains the copyright to the artwork © 2022 - All Rights Reserved
In 2005, he illustrated a coloring book about famous physicists for the American Physical Society. In 2005, he designed the official logo for the American Physical Society.
In May 2008, he debuted his webcomic, Harambee Hills. Harambee Hills is a diverse webcomic that follows the life observations of Gerard and those of his modern African-American family, co-workers and wacky neighbors of Harambee Hills, a fictional suburban neighborhood outside Washington, D.C. The webcomic’s characters often provided commentary on pop culture, entertainment, sports and top news stories.
He is the co-creator of the science-based teen superhero SPECTRA. Spectra, the main character, is also the mascot for Laserfest 2010, a yearlong celebration of the 50th anniversary of the laser. In 2011, Johnson worked with writer Rebecca Thompson and published their third comic book, "Spectra, The Original Laserfest" "Superhero," for the PhysicsCentral.com web site.
In August 2018, he was interviewed by Al Jazeera America regarding the 50th birthday of "Peanuts" comic strip. Franklin and he provided commentary on the status of modern-day African-American cartoonists.
List of contributions.
His cartoons, illustrations, and graphics have appeared in these newspapers:
Additionally, his work has appeared in magazines, web sites and other national media outlets including 60 Minutes, USA Today, KRT (Knight-Ridder Tribune Graphics) (closed), and Gannett News Service.
Awards and honors.
Kerry G. Johnson has won over 20 Awards for his work in graphic design, illustration, and community service, including:
He is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha (ΑΦΑ) fraternity, the National Cartoonists Society (NCS), the Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators (SCBWI), the National Association of Black Journalists (NABJ), the National Caricaturist Network, American Institute of Graphic Arts (AIGA)
He currently lives in Columbia, Maryland with his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="7016804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016804" title="Iness Chepkesis Chenonge">
Iness Chepkesis Chenonge

Iness Chepkesis Chenonge (born 1 February 1982 in Trans-Nzoia District) is a Kenyan runner who specializes in the 5000 metres. She was the bronze medallist at the 2002 Commonwealth Games and repeated the feat eight years later at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, forming a Kenyan sweep of the medals with Vivian Cheruiyot and Sylvia Kibet.
Chenonge was the 2008 winner of the Marseille-Cassis Classique Internationale road race. She set a personal best of 1:09:08 for the half marathon in March 2011, taking fifth place at the Lisbon Half Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="7016807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016807" title="The Arches (nightclub)">
The Arches (nightclub)



</doc>
<doc id="7016812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016812" title="Maniam, K.S.">
Maniam, K.S.



</doc>
<doc id="7016820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016820" title="Clas Ohlson">
Clas Ohlson

Clas Ohlson is a Swedish home improvement chain and mail-order firm that specialises in hardware, home, leisure, electrical and multimedia products. It is one of the biggest of its type in Scandinavia, with more than 230 Clas Ohlson stores as of May 2020. Stores also exist in Norway and Finland. Many of the products sold in the stores are own-label items. The company uses the house brands of Asaklitt (luggage and travel ware), Capere (bathroom supplies), Cocraft (DIY tools), Cotech (electrical tools), Coline (household electrical items), Exibel (household electrical items) and Clas Ohlson (all departments).
History.
The company was founded in 1918 by the technically minded (1895–1979), as a mail order business based in the Swedish village of Insjön, Dalarna. Initially, only manuals and technical literature were sold, thus allowing people who lived in rural communities to obtain literature that would otherwise be unavailable. He opened his first shop in Insjön in 1926, but it was not until 1989, when the company opened a store in a shopping centre in central Stockholm, that it expanded into the retail business.
The first store outside Sweden was opened in 1991 in Oslo, Norway and in 1999, the company was listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.
The first store in Finland was opened in 2002 in Helsinki and in 2008, the company opened its first UK retail store in Croydon, England.
In 2014 the company entered a joint venture with Kuwait's Al Homaizi group. In May that year, the company opened the first Clas Ohlson branch outside Europe, a store in Dubai's Mirdif City Centre. It was, the Swedish company said, "a first step into the fast-growing Gulf Co-operation Council region". The livestock-to-sportswear Al Homaizi group had in 1987 opened a flat-pack furniture store in Kuwait with Swedish retailer IKEA, under whose name the store traded. The Dubai branch later closed, with Clas Ohlson focusing on European expansion.
In 2016, Clas Ohlson continued its expansion by opening stores in Hamburg, Germany; these stores closed following an announcement in 2018 from the company that its German stores, plus its remaining UK store - located in Reading - would cease trading.

</doc>
<doc id="7016821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016821" title="Dance With Me (Debelah Morgan album)">
Dance With Me (Debelah Morgan album)



</doc>
<doc id="7016825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016825" title="Yvette Carte-Blanche">
Yvette Carte-Blanche



</doc>
<doc id="7016829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016829" title="Sunnan Abu Dawud">
Sunnan Abu Dawud



</doc>
<doc id="7016831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016831" title="Lucy Kabuu">
Lucy Kabuu



</doc>
<doc id="7016833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016833" title="Willow Landing Public School">
Willow Landing Public School



</doc>
<doc id="7016834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016834" title="Clay Greenbush">
Clay Greenbush

Clay Greenbush (born 1968) is an American actor.
Life and career.
He started his career at the age of ten months, with an uncredited appearance in "Five Easy Pieces," a movie which starred his father, Billy Greenbush. He played a baby in the arms of Jack Nicholson. He also occasionally guest-starred on "Little House on the Prairie", which featured his sisters, twins Lindsay and Sidney Greenbush.
He also had roles in "Critters", "Elvis and Me", "Doogie Howser, M.D.", and "2000 Malibu Road".
Greenbush began a full-time acting career in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="7016835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016835" title="Johnnybax">
Johnnybax



</doc>
<doc id="7016843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016843" title="Madame Fanny La Fan">
Madame Fanny La Fan



</doc>
<doc id="7016845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016845" title="Abu Sa'id al-Khudri">
Abu Sa'id al-Khudri



</doc>
<doc id="7016854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016854" title="Anant Geete">
Anant Geete

Anant Gangaram Geete (born 2 June 1951) is an Indian politician and was the Union Cabinet Minister for Heavy Industries and Public Sector Enterprises during 2014 - 2019 in Narendra Modi cabinet. He is also a former Union Cabinet Minister for Power (Aug 2002 to May 2004). He is a member of the Shiv Sena (Uddhav Balasaheb Thackeray) political party in Maharashtra, India.
He was elected six times to the Lok Sabha. In the 2009 general election, he defeated the then sitting MP and former Cabinet Minister A.R.Antulay, by a margin of 145,000 votes to win from the Raigad, Maharashtra. In the 2014 general election, he held his seat in Raigad by a margin of 2,110 votes over nearest rival, Sunil Tatkare who was then the Minister for Water Resources in Maharashtra but lost it in 2019 by a margin of 31,740 votes. He has earlier represented the Ratnagiri constituency in Maharashtra for four terms from 11th Lok Sabha to 14th Lok Sabha.
Early life.
He was born in Tisangi, a village in Ratnagiri District, Maharashtra.

</doc>
<doc id="7016855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016855" title="25th of July">
25th of July



</doc>
<doc id="7016861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016861" title="Retinal molecule">
Retinal molecule



</doc>
<doc id="7016865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016865" title="Cydnidae">
Cydnidae

Cydnidae are a family of pentatomoid bugs, known by common names including burrowing bugs or burrower bugs. As the common name would suggest, many members of the group live a subterranean lifestyle, burrowing into soil using their head and forelegs, only emerging to mate and then laying their eggs in soil. Other members of the group are not burrowers, and live above the soil layer, often in close association with plants. Several species are known as agricultural pests.
Description.
Burrowing bugs range from 2 to 20 mm in length. They are dark, ovoid in shape and highly sclerotised. The head is generally subquadrate to semicircular in shape, and has a pair of 5-segmented antennae. The coxae of the legs have setal combs, while the apices of the mid and hind coxae are fringed with rigid setae. The tibiae of the legs (also often the head and pronotum) have spines. The tarsi of the legs are 3-segmented and often reduced.
Similar to other pentatomoids, Cydnidae have glands in the thorax (adults) or the lateral part of the abdomen (nymphs) that secrete a foul-smelling mix of chemicals for defense against predators.
Ecology.
Cydnidae in subfamilies Cydninae and Cephalocteinae live mostly in soil and feed on roots of plants. Those in subfamilies Parastrachinae, Sehirinae and Thyreocorinae instead live on aboveground parts of plants. Adults are attracted to light and sometimes in large numbers.
Cydnidae feed on sap from phloem, unlike other heteropterans.
Importance.
As of 2003, there were 27 cydnid species reported as crop pests and six that feed on peanut. Of the peanut-feeding species, "Pangaeus bilineatus" is the most abundant and the only one associated with feeding injury to peanut kernels.
Another pest is "Fromundus pygmaeus", which attacks rice seedlings, sugarcane, fallen seeds of grasses and roots of soybean and clover.
Some cydnids are medically important. The aforementioned "F." "pygmaeus" facultatively sucks blood from humans, while "Chilocoris assmuthi" can cause brown lesions on skin (usually on the feet) with its defensive secretions.
Subfamilies and taxonomy.
"BioLib" includes the following subfamilies:
In some older classifications, Cydnidae "sensu lato" includes the subfamily Thyreocorinae (now a separate family, Thyreocoridae), which are known commonly as "negro bugs" or "ebony bugs", and/or the families Thaumastellidae and Parastrachiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="7016868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016868" title="Dewi Phillips">
Dewi Phillips



</doc>
<doc id="7016870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016870" title="Dalton Holme">
Dalton Holme

Dalton Holme a civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire in England. It is situated to the north-west from the market town of Beverley and covering an area of .
It is made up of two villages, South Dalton and Holme on the Wolds, which over the years have become joined. Both the villages are run by the Dalton Estate, owned by the Hotham Family, and are occupied by estate workers and paying tenants. The 18th century Dalton Hall is the home of Lord Hotham, whose family have owned land in the area for generations. The hall was designated a Grade II* listed building in 1952 and is now recorded in the National Heritage List for England, maintained by Historic England.
The spire of St Mary's, the 19th-century church, is over high and can be seen for miles around. It was built to the design of John Loughborough Pearson in 1858 to replace an older parish church.
Inside the church are a number of monuments to the Hotham family; the older monuments were transferred from the earlier church. One, in black and white marble, is in memory of John Hotham. It dates from after 1697 and is said to have come from Italy. Sir John is represented in life as a reclining knight in full armour, with his helmet and gauntlet beside him, and in death, as a skeleton. Supporting the four corners of the tomb are statues representing the cardinal virtues.
Dalton Estate Office is in the village of South Dalton. The Estate domestic buildings are rows of cottages and Tudor style houses, some having plates that record dates back to 1706.
The local public house is the Pipe and Glass Inn, situated near the entrance gates to the road through Dalton Park, leading to Dalton Hall, west from the village.
The Communist Member of Parliament Cecil L'Estrange Malone was born there on 7 September 1890.
According to the 2011 UK census, Dalton Holme parish had a population of 198, an increase of one on the 2001 UK census figure.

</doc>
<doc id="7016871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016871" title="Central Chancery of Knighthood">
Central Chancery of Knighthood



</doc>
<doc id="7016874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016874" title="Essential drugs">
Essential drugs



</doc>
<doc id="7016876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016876" title="Essential drug">
Essential drug



</doc>
<doc id="7016877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016877" title="Denise Laroque">
Denise Laroque



</doc>
<doc id="7016880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016880" title="Essential medicine">
Essential medicine



</doc>
<doc id="7016884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016884" title="When You're in Love with a Beautiful Woman">
When You're in Love with a Beautiful Woman

"When You're in Love with a Beautiful Woman" is a song by Dr. Hook. It was recorded at Muscle Shoals Sound Studio, Alabama.
Written by Even Stevens, who followed producer Ron Haffkine into the studio bathroom to pitch him the song, "When You're in Love with a Beautiful Woman" which first appeared on the band's 1978 album "Pleasure and Pain". In 1979 the song belatedly became an international hit, reaching number six on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart in the USA and number one in the UK Singles Chart in November 1979. It was subsequently added to the band's 1979 album "Sometimes You Win".

</doc>
<doc id="7016889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016889" title="Tactile fremitus">
Tactile fremitus



</doc>
<doc id="7016894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016894" title="Pennsylvania route 16">
Pennsylvania route 16



</doc>
<doc id="7016897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016897" title="Charles H. Coolidge">
Charles H. Coolidge

Charles Henry Coolidge (August 4, 1921 – April 6, 2021) was a United States Army technical sergeant and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration for valor, the Medal of Honor, for his conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action above and beyond the call of duty in France during World War II.
At the time of his death, Coolidge was the last surviving Medal of Honor recipient from the European theater of World War II, as well as the last surviving recipient to have received the medal during the war (with Hershel W. Williams receiving the medal after the war on October 5, 1945).
Early life.
Coolidge was born in Signal Mountain, Tennessee, on August 4, 1921, the son of Walter and Grace (McCracken) Coolidge. He graduated from Chattanooga High School in 1939, and worked at his father's printing business (Chattanooga Printing &amp; Engraving) as a bookbinder.
World War II.
Coolidge was drafted into the United States Army on June 16, 1942. He received basic training at Fort McClellan in Alabama. He was then sent to Camp Butner, North Carolina and Camp Edwards in Massachusetts, where he was assigned to M Company, 3rd Battalion, 141st Infantry Regiment, 36th "Texas" Infantry Division. In April 1943, his unit was shipped overseas to Oran in Algeria, and in September took part in the Salerno landings and then continued to fight in the first half of the Italian campaign. While serving as a machine gun section leader and sergeant, he was awarded the Silver Star for gallantry in action in Italy on May 31, 1944, shortly before the capture of Rome.
On October 24, 1944, Coolidge was a technical sergeant in charge of a group of machine-gunners and riflemen of M Company, who were to hold a vital hilltop position in France near the German border. During four days of attacks at Hill 623, east of Belmont-sur-Buttant in the Vosges Mountains in France, Coolidge and his group held off numerous enemy infantrymen, plus two tanks on October 27 using grenades. One tank unsuccessfully fired five separate rounds directly at Coolidge. For his actions above and beyond the call of duty during the battle, Coolidge was presented the Medal of Honor by Lieutenant General Wade H. Haislip during a ceremony at an airfield near Dornstadt, Germany on June 18, 1945.
Post-war life.
Coolidge resided near Chattanooga, Tennessee, where a highway and park have been named for him. For many years after the war, Coolidge went to work every day at the family business, Chattanooga Printing &amp; Engraving, which celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2010. His son, Charles H. Coolidge Jr., is a retired lieutenant general of the United States Air Force. On September 15, 2006, Coolidge was awarded the Legion of Honour by officials of the French consulate at a ceremony in Coolidge Park (named in 1945).
Coolidge was inducted into the John Sevier Chapter of the Sons of the American Revolution in March 2015. 
He was conferred with the George Marshall Award in March 2021, several weeks before his death.
Personal life.
Coolidge married Frances Seepe in 1945. They remained married for 64 years until her death in 2009. They had three children: Charles, William (Bill), and John. 
Coolidge died on April 6, 2021, in Chattanooga at the age of 99. He had suffered from multiple sclerosis in the final 50+ years of his life. He was interred at Chattanooga National Cemetery beside his wife.
Military awards.
Coolidge's military awards and decorations include:
Medal of Honor citation.
Coolidge's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
Rank and organization: Technical Sergeant, U.S. Army, Company M, 141st Infantry, 36th Infantry Division&lt;br&gt;
Place and date: East of Belmont sur Buttant, France, October 24–27, 1944&lt;br&gt;
Entered service at: Signal Mountain, Tenn.&lt;br&gt;
G.O. No. 53, July 1945

</doc>
<doc id="7016898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016898" title="Photosynthetic picoplankton">
Photosynthetic picoplankton

Photosynthetic picoplankton or picophytoplankton is the fraction of the photosynthetic phytoplankton of cell sizes between 0.2 and 2 μm (i.e. picoplankton). It is especially important in the central oligotrophic regions of the world oceans that have very low concentration of nutrients.
Methods of study.
Because of its very small size, picoplankton is difficult to study by classic methods such as optical microscopy. More sophisticated methods are needed.
Composition.
Three major groups of organisms constitute photosynthetic picoplankton: 
 
The use of molecular approaches implemented since the 1990s for bacteria, were applied to the photosynthetic picoeukaryotes only 10 years later around 2000. They revealed a very wide diversity and brought to light the importance of the following groups in the picoplankton:
In temperate coastal environment, the genus "Micromonas" (Prasinophyceae) seems dominant. However, in numerous oceanic environments, the dominant species of eukaryotic picoplankton remain still unknown.
Ecology.
Each picoplanktonic population occupies a specific ecological niche in the oceanic environment.
Thirty years ago, it was hypothesized that the speed of division for micro-organisms in central oceanic ecosystems was very slow, of the order of one week or one month per generation. This hypothesis was supported by the fact that the biomass (estimated for example by the contents of chlorophyll) was very stable over time. However, with the discovery of the picoplankton, it was found that the system was much more dynamic than previously thought. In particular, small predators of a size of a few micrometres which ingest picoplanktonic algae as quickly as they were produced were found to be ubiquitous. This extremely sophisticated predator-prey system is nearly always at equilibrium and results in a quasi-constant picoplankton biomass. This close equivalence between production and consumption makes it extremely difficult to measure precisely the speed at which the system turns over.
In 1988, two American researchers, Carpenter and Chang, suggested estimating the speed of cell division of phytoplankton by following the course of DNA replication by microscopy. By replacing the microscope by a flow cytometer, it is possible to follow the DNA content of picoplankton cells over time. This allowed researchers to establish that picoplankton cells are highly synchronous: they replicate their DNA and then divide all at the same time at the end of the day. This synchronization could be due to the presence of an internal biological clock.
Genomics.
In the 2000s, genomics allowed to cross a supplementary stage. Genomics consists in determining the complete sequence of genome of an organism and to list every gene present. It is then possible to get an idea of the metabolic capacities of the targeted organisms and understand how it adapts to its environment. To date, the genomes of several types of "Prochlorococcus" and "Synechococcus", and of a strain of "Ostreococcus" have been determined. The complete genomes of two different "Micromonas" strains revealed that they were quite different (different species) and had similarities with land plants. Several other cyanobacteria and of small eukaryotes ("Bathycoccus", "Pelagomonas") are under sequencing. In parallel, genome analyses begin to be done directly from oceanic samples (ecogenomics or metagenomics), allowing us to access to large sets of gene for uncultivated organisms.

</doc>
<doc id="7016900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016900" title="Eclipse Award for Outstanding Three-Year-Old Filly">
Eclipse Award for Outstanding Three-Year-Old Filly



</doc>
<doc id="7016906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016906" title="Tetiana Petlyuk">
Tetiana Petlyuk

Tetiana Hryhorivna Petlyuk or Tetiana Hryhorivna Petliuk (; born 22 February 1982) is a Ukrainian runner who specializes in the 800 metres. Her personal best time is 1:57.34 minutes, achieved in June 2006 in Kyiv. She has an indoor best of 1:58.67 minutes, set in 2007.
Petlyuk was a talented runner from a young age, winning a gold at the European Youth Olympic Festival, a silver at the 1999 World Youth Championships in Athletics, then a bronze at the 2001 European Athletics Junior Championships. She was Ukraine's best 800 m runner from 2004 to 2009, winning seven national titles over the period.
She represented Ukraine at the 2004 Athens Olympics and 2008 Beijing Olympics, reaching the semi-finals both times. She was also a semi-finalist at three World Championships in Athletics (2005, 2007, 2009). Her major medal wins came indoors: she was the runner-up at both the 2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships and the 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships.
Abnormalities in her biological passport detected over the period from 18 August 2009 to February 2013 led to her receiving a two-year ban from the sport and the annulment of her results over that time (including two of her three appearances at the European Athletics Championships and her run at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics).
Career.
Early career.
Born in Kiev, she enjoyed swimming and table tennis in her youth before moving onto track and field after beating boys in races at school. Her parents agreed to send her to a sports college in the capital in 1994. In her first international competition she won the 400 metres at the European Youth Olympic Festival in 1997. Further medals followed at the 1999 World Youth Championships in Athletics, where she was second to Georgie Clarke in the 800 metres and helped Ukraine to the bronze medal in the sprint medley relay. She began to focus on middle-distance events thereafter.
In 2000, she ran a personal best of 2:04.74 minutes for the 800 m and placed sixth in the event at the 2000 World Junior Championships in Athletics. In 2001, she gained entrance into Kyiv's National University of Physical Training and Sports – the top sports university in the country. At the 2001 European Athletics Junior Championships she was the bronze medallist but later reflected that she did not approach the competition professionally, having gone on a long shopping trip just hours before the final. She reduced her best to 2:02.41 minutes in 2002 and competed twice internationally in 2003, running in the heats at the 2003 IAAF World Indoor Championships and coming seventh at the 2003 European Athletics U23 Championships.
First senior competitions.
Her first senior medal came at the 2004 European Athletics Indoor Cup, where she ran a personal best of 2:01.14 minutes for the bronze. She won the Ukrainian indoor title but failed to make the final at the 2004 IAAF World Indoor Championships due to an injury involving her sacral nerves. After a seventh place at the 2004 European Cup she won her first national outdoor title, dipping under two minutes for the first time with her finish in 1:59.62 minutes. She produced a personal best of 1:59.48 minutes in the semi-finals of the 2004 Athens Olympics but this was not enough to enter the final as one of the fastest non-qualifiers.
She failed to reach such heights in 2005 as her coach began working for FC Khimki. With little money or time with her coach, her fastest that year was 2:01.78 minutes. However, she still won a second national indoor title and was a semi-finalist at the 2005 European Athletics Indoor Championships and the 2005 World Championships in Athletics. The following year her coach moved to FC Krasnodar and she again travelled with him. This time her training arrangements were more productive. In the indoor season she won the Sparkassen Cup meeting and was a semi-finalist at the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships. Her outdoor opener of 1:57.34 minutes was her fastest that year. She was one of the favourites at the 2006 European Cup, but fell in the race and was sent to hospital with superficial injuries. She ran well at the 2006 European Athletics Championships, but was conservative in her tactics due to her previous fall: choosing not to run in the tightest lane, she ended up narrowly missing out on a medal and later investigation showed she had covered 817 m during the race. Her season ended with a sixth-place finish at the 2006 IAAF World Athletics Final.
European and World Indoor medals.
Petlyuk began 2007 in good form, winning the Sparkassen Cup meet with an indoor best of 1:58.67 minutes and setting a meet record at the PSD Bank Meeting. She won a third straight Ukrainian indoor title and secured the silver medal at the 2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships, finishing second to Oksana Zbrozhek. She was a semi-finalist at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics, but persistent thigh pain dogged her season. After the end of the track and field season doctors diagnosed her with an intervertebral hernia, stemming from her fall in 2006.
She returned successfully after rehabilitation at the start of 2008, defeating Maria Mutola at the 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships and taking the silver medal in the 800 m final, behind Tamsyn Lewis. She was national champion both indoors and outdoors that year and represented Ukraine at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She was an 800 m semi-finalist and also ran in the heats with the Ukrainian 4×400 metres relay team. She did not compete in the remaining IAAF Golden League meets as she was called back to Kyiv to be presented with an apartment in recognition of her achievements. However, this never materialised and her season ended prematurely. She later remarked on the affair: "They said that my participation was obligatory, because the mayor of Kyiv had to give me keys for a new apartment in the Ukrainian capital. But finally I got just a commendation for my high results in athletics. I felt defrauded."
She placed sixth at the 2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships, but was again just a semi-finalist outdoors at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics. She again featured on the Ukrainian relay team, but did not make the final there either. She claimed national titles in the 800 m and the 1500 metres outdoors. At the World Championships she gave a blood sample during her doping test that would ultimately lead to the disqualification of all her results from 18 August 2009 to 15 February 2013. Performances at her national championships and results from the 2011 European Athletics Indoor Championships, 2011 World Championships in Athletics and the 2012 European Athletics Championships.
Doping ban.
In early 2013 the Ukrainian Athletics Federation suspended Petlyuk for two years due to anomalies in her biological passport, banning her from competition from February 2013 until February 2015.
Personal life.
She earned a master's degree in sports psychology at Kyiv's National University of Sports and Physical Culture in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="7016912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016912" title="List of Neo-Geo Pocket Color games">
List of Neo-Geo Pocket Color games



</doc>
<doc id="7016921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016921" title="Eclipse Award for Outstanding Two-Year-Old Filly">
Eclipse Award for Outstanding Two-Year-Old Filly



</doc>
<doc id="7016928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016928" title="Crohn's Disease Activity Index">
Crohn's Disease Activity Index

The Crohn's Disease Activity Index or CDAI is a research tool used to quantify the symptoms of patients with Crohn's disease. This is of useful importance in research studies done on medications used to treat Crohn's disease; most major studies on newer medications use the CDAI in order to define response or remission of disease. As Crohn's disease is a disease with a variety of symptoms that affect quality of life, the quantification of symptoms may be of secondary importance to a quantitative assessment of the effect on quality of life. This has been addressed by the Inflammatory Bowel Disease Questionnaire (IBDQ) and other indices of quality of life for patients with Crohn's disease.
Components of the index.
The CDAI was developed by WR Best and colleagues from the Midwest Regional Health Center in Illinois, in 1976. It consists of eight factors, each summed after adjustment with a weighting factor. The components and weighting factors are the following:
Remission of Crohn's disease is defined as CDAI below 150. Severe disease was defined as a value of greater than 450. Most major research studies on medications in Crohn's disease define response as a fall of the CDAI of greater than 70 points.
Harvey-Bradshaw index.
The "Harvey-Bradshaw index" was devised in 1980 as a simpler version of the CDAI for data collection purposes. It consists of only clinical parameters:
A score of less than 5 is generally considered to represent clinical remission.
A Simple Index of Crohn's disease activity has also been developed.
Validation of the CDAI.
While the CDAI is considered to be the gold standard for assessing disease activity in Crohn's disease, validation of the index has been varied. A key criticism of the CDAI is that it does not incorporate a subjective assessment of quality of life, endoscopic factors, or systemic features, such as fatigue into its calculation. The CDAI correlated well with protein loss in the bowel in patients with protein losing enteropathy.
Inflammatory Bowel Disease Questionnaire.
As most symptoms of Crohn's disease broadly affect quality of life, attempts have been made to incorporate physical, social, and emotional performance characteristics into tests for severity of Crohn's disease. The Inflammatory Bowel Disease Questionnaire (IBDQ) was developed to incorporate elements of social, systemic and emotional symptoms, as well as bowel related symptoms into an activity index. In a study of 305 patients in Ontario, the IBDQ was found to correlate well with the CDAI in assessing disease activity, but had the added benefit of being a more robust tool for determining the effect of symptoms on perceived quality of life.

</doc>
<doc id="7016929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016929" title="Saints Faustin and Jovita">
Saints Faustin and Jovita



</doc>
<doc id="7016931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016931" title="CDAI">
CDAI

CDAI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7016932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016932" title="Meg Bateman">
Meg Bateman

Vivienne Margaret 'Meg' Bateman (born 1959) is a Scottish academic, poet and short story writer. She is best known for her works written in Scottish Gaelic; however, she has also published work in the English language.
Education and career.
Bateman was born in Edinburgh and grew up in the New Town area of the city. She studied Celtic at the University of Aberdeen and completed a PhD in medieval Scottish Gaelic language religious poetry. She taught Scottish Gaelic at the University of Aberdeen between 1991 and 1998 before moving to Isle of Skye to teach at the Gaelic college, Sabhal Mòr Ostaig. She has also taught Scottish Gaelic at the University of Edinburgh and is an Honorary Senior Lecturer at the University of St Andrews.
Bateman's first collection of poems, "Òrain Ghaoil" ("Love Songs") was published in 1990 and her second, "Aotromachd agus dàin eile" ("Lightness") was published in 1997. Both her first and second collections focus on human relationships and the idealised idea of love. Her third collection, "Soirbheas" ("Air Wind") was published in 2007.
In 2011, Bateman's first published Scottish Gaelic short story, entitled "Chanadh gun d'chur i às dha", appeared in the short story collection Saorsa published by CLÀR.
Her collection "Transparencies" was published in 2013 and featured her first published work to have both Scottish Gaelic and English poems.
Her Scottish Gaelic poetry has appeared in several anthologies, including "Other Tongues" (1990) and "Twenty of the Best" (1990). She has also translated poems from Gaelic into English for "An Anthology of Scottish Women Poets" (1991) and "The Harp's Cry" (1993).

</doc>
<doc id="7016939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016939" title="Gordon Connell">
Gordon Connell

Gordon Connell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7016940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016940" title="Home Field Advantage (album)">
Home Field Advantage (album)

Home Field Advantage is the debut studio album by American hip hop group the High &amp; Mighty. It was released on August 24, 1999, via Rawkus Records. The recording sessions took place at the Muthafuckin' Spot on Lexington. The album was produced mostly by member DJ Mighty Mi, but also featured production from Alchemist and Reef. It features guest appearances from Bobbito García, Cage, Defari, Eminem, Evidence, Kool Keith, Mad Skillz, Mos Def, Pharoahe Monch, Thirstin Howl III, What? What? and Wordsworth. The album peaked at number 193 on the "Billboard" 200, number 45 on the Top R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Albums, and number 11 on the Heatseekers Albums in the United States. The single "B-Boy Document '99" reached number 63 on the Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Songs, number 7 on the Hot Rap Songs. The single "Dick Starbuck "Porno Detective"" made it to number 37 on the Hot Rap Songs.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from liner notes, AllMusic, ASCAP and Discogs.

</doc>
<doc id="7016946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016946" title="San Ferdinando (Naples)">
San Ferdinando (Naples)

 San Ferdinando is a southern district of Naples, with a population of about 18,000.
Overview.
San Ferdinando district includes, among the various landmarks, the Royal Palace, Piazza del Plebiscito (the most celebrated square of Naples), the San Carlo opera house and the church of San Ferdinando, from which the district is named. 
History.
The district began to develop during the 16th century, when the Spanish built a first Viceroy's palace, then replaced by the new Royal Palace of Naples by Domenico Fontana. In the following decades, the district became the most desired area of Naples by the city aristocracy because of its proximity to the court, and subsequently many villas and palaces were edified there.

</doc>
<doc id="7016956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016956" title="Antonio Pietro Cesti">
Antonio Pietro Cesti



</doc>
<doc id="7016967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016967" title="Antonio (Pietro) Cesti">
Antonio (Pietro) Cesti



</doc>
<doc id="7016970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016970" title="Ficitive kin">
Ficitive kin



</doc>
<doc id="7016973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016973" title="List of star trek voyager episodes">
List of star trek voyager episodes



</doc>
<doc id="7016976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016976" title="Ficitive kinship">
Ficitive kinship



</doc>
<doc id="7016978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016978" title="Partido de bahia blanca">
Partido de bahia blanca



</doc>
<doc id="7016984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016984" title="Joseph MacManus">
Joseph MacManus

Joseph Edward "Joe" MacManus (often incorrectly spelt Joe McManus) (Irish Seosamh Mac Mághnais; 23 May 1970 – 5 February 1992), was a volunteer in the Sligo Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army. He was killed during a shoot-out after his unit attempted a killing in Mulleek near Belleek, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland.
Background.
MacManus was born in Harlesden, north-west London, which at the time had a large Irish community. His father, Seán MacManus, a native of Gubaveeney, near Blacklion, County Cavan, had moved to London in the 1960s to find work. There he met and married Helen McGovern, a native of Glenfarne, County Leitrim. In 1976, the family returned to Ireland to live in the working-class Maugheraboy area of Sligo town so that the boys could be educated in Ireland.
He was educated to primary level at Scoil Ursula Primary School, Strandhill Road, Sligo and St. John's Marist Brothers National School, Temple Street, Sligo to secondary level at Summerhill College and at third level at Sligo RTC. MacManus played football for local junior teams Collegians and Corinthians, and Gaelic football for both Saint Mary's GFC of Maugheraboy and Coolera GFC of Strandhill.
His father Seán, who at the time was a leading republican, later became Mayor of Sligo. He was the secretary of the County Sligo anti H-Block Committee in the 1980s. He was the first Sinn Féin Mayor in the Republic of Ireland since the beginning of The Troubles in 1969. His father was also involved in the negotiations leading to the Good Friday Agreement. Joe's younger brother, Chris, was a Sinn Féin Councillor for Sligo Borough Council and Sligo County Council for many years and is an MEP since March 2020.
Paramilitary activity.
In 1987, MacManus attended the funeral of Jim Lynagh, one of those killed in the Loughall ambush. In 1988, at the age of 18, he joined the Provisional IRA's Sligo Brigade.
In 1991, he joined a Ballyshannon-based active service unit which replaced the West Fermanagh Brigade, disbanded after the Enniskillen bombing. Initially, he carried out minor operations including moving munitions between arms dumps, passing intelligence between operatives and attending training camps in the region. On 2 February 1992, he and the rest of his unit, James Hughes, Conor O'Neill and Noel Magee, met at a safe house in Ballyshannon, County Donegal to make final arrangement for an operation which was to take place later in the following week. 
Mulleek ambush.
On 3 February, MacManus and his unit crossed the border and took over the house of farmer Pat Loughran. Loughran was ordered to lure Eric Glass, an Ulster Defence Regiment soldier and part-time Fermanagh District Council dog warden, to his home on the pretence that his dog had attacked a family member.
Corporal Eric Glass of the 4th (Co Fermanagh) Battalion, Ulster Defence Regiment (4 UDR), a former member of the B-Specials, arrived at the farmhouse on the morning of 5 February. When he arrived at the gate of the farmhouse he was ambushed by the unit and ordered to get out of his van. The unit opened fire on Glass, who then reached for his handgun, which he always had ready, loaded and placed on the passenger seat of the van. A gun battle ensued in which Glass was badly injured: his thigh bone was shattered and the bone partially penetrated his skin. He managed to fight off his attackers, killing MacManus in the process. Corporal Glass later received both the Queen's Gallantry Medal and Distinguished Conduct Medal for bravery, making him the "most decorated" UDR soldier. An account of the attack on Corporal Glass was carried in the "Belfast News Letter".
Eric Bullick, Alliance Party spokesman for Fermanagh-South Tyrone, commenting on the shooting said:
Monument issue.
In 2002, a dispute resulted after a monument to Joe MacManus and fellow volunteers Antoine Mac Giolla Bhrighde and Kieran Fleming was sited close to the place where Protestant workmen William Hassard and Frederick Love were murdered by the IRA in 1988.
A Sinn Féin spokesman stated that "The families of Ciaran Fleming, Joseph MacManus and Antoine Mac Giolla Bhrighde, the three IRA men commemorated by the monument, had given the go-ahead for the structure to be moved".
Legacy.
The Sligo Town Cumann of Sinn Féin is named the "Noble Six/O'Flanagan/MacManus Cumann" in honour of MacManus and in previous years lectures have been held in his name which has been addressed by Caoimhghín Ó Caoláin, Pat Doherty, Pearse Doherty, Aengus Ó Snodaigh and Gerry Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="7016985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016985" title="Kankrej thana">
Kankrej thana

Kankrej thana or Kankrej Estates was a former collection of native states in what is now part of Banaskantha district of Gujarat, India.
History.
The thana was divided between 34 "talukdars", or petty estate holders belong to Koli caste. The most important of these were Thara, Khamboi and Un. Most of the estates were small, often covering not even a single village, but parts of several villages shared with others. There were numerous "bhayats" (land alienated to junior branches) of these petty chiefs, but the lands were not actually surveyed and divided; they simply occupied as much as land as they could cultivate. Primogeniture was not observed in any of the estates of Kankrej Thana; rather, "giras" were divided up in equal shares among all sons.
Kankrej chiefs agreed with British in 1819–20 to become protectorate and came under Mahi Kantha Agency. It continued part of the Mahi Kantha till, in 1844, on account of its nearness to Palanpur, it was transferred to the Palanpur Superintendency.
Kankrej was under Palanpur Agency of Bombay Presidency, which in 1925 became the Banas Kantha Agency. After Independence of India in 1947, Bombay Presidency was reorganized in Bombay State. When Gujarat state was formed in 1960 from Bombay State, it fell under Banaskantha district of Gujarat.

</doc>
<doc id="7016989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016989" title="Rogers Telecom Holdings Inc.">
Rogers Telecom Holdings Inc.



</doc>
<doc id="7016990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016990" title="Roland Littlewood">
Roland Littlewood

Roland Littlewood FRAI is a British anthropologist and psychiatrist, and Professor of Anthropology and Psychiatry at University College London. He is the co-author (with Maurice Lipsedge) of the book "Aliens and Alienists", now in its third edition. During his career, he was President of the Royal Anthropological Institute from 1994 to 1997.
Littlewood has interests in the (medical and social) anthropology of the Caribbean, Albania and Britain. He has written extensively about the diagnosis of the black immigrant population in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="7016992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016992" title="Nei">
Nei

 
Nei or NEI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7016999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7016999" title="Sabhal Mór Ostaig">
Sabhal Mór Ostaig



</doc>
<doc id="7017001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017001" title="Tiago Costa (Portuguese footballer)">
Tiago Costa (Portuguese footballer)

Tiago José Ribeiro Costa (born 22 April 1985) is a Portuguese former professional footballer.
Club career.
Born in Lisbon, Costa started his football career with hometown's S.L. Benfica, but only appeared officially for the reserves. In the summer of 2006, he signed for Scottish club Heart of Midlothian, making his Scottish Premier League debut against Inverness Caledonian Thistle on 28 August. However, he failed to feature again for the team and was released on 13 November. Again in his homeland he represented Vitória de Setúbal, but again only competed with the B side.
In June 2007, Costa moved clubs and countries again, joining Bulgaria's FC Vihren Sandanski. He appeared in less than one fourth of the games as his team finished in tenth position in the First Professional Football League, and returned to Portugal where he successively played for Varzim S.C. and F.C. Vizela, respectively in the second and third tiers. On 20 May 2011, while at the service of G.D. Estoril Praia, he was suspended for four months after failing a drug test on 28 December of the previous year, in a match against S.C. Freamunde.
Costa signed for FC Politehnica Timișoara in Romania in January 2010 on a five-month contract, being released on 4 June after failing to make a single competitive appearance and moving to G.D. Estoril Praia shortly after. He started 2011–12 in his country's Primeira Liga with Rio Ave FC, but returned to division two in the following transfer window, joining Leixões S.C. on loan.

</doc>
<doc id="7017005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017005" title="Organic Law of the People's Courts">
Organic Law of the People's Courts



</doc>
<doc id="7017013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017013" title="U269">
U269



</doc>
<doc id="7017017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017017" title="Carol Truax">
Carol Truax

Carol Truax (3 October 1899June 1986) was an American music administrator and an author of many cookbooks. She was noted both for her time as Executive Director of Fine Arts at Colorado College (1945–1951), and also as consultant in Fine Arts to the State University of New York. As author, Miss Truax's most famous publications include "Liberace Cooks" (1970). She was the sister of author Rhoda Truax.
Early life.
Born and raised in New York to Justice Charles Henry Truax of the New York State Supreme Court and his wife, Caroline Sanders, Carol Truax came to Colorado in 1920 to improve her health and for many years operated a prominent bookstore in Colorado Springs. In 1940 she became manager of the Colorado College Bookstore.
As music administrator.
On the occasion of the Stokowski Youth Orchestra concert in June 1941 (at Colorado College), she was called upon to handle all promotional details. This led to her becoming first Promotional Secretary of the college, then Executive Secretary (1945) and finally Executive Director (1947) of the Fine Arts Departments - Music, Dance and Drama.
During her affiliation with the college she served on the board of directors of the Civic Players, the Colorado Springs Symphony Orchestra and the Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center.
Highlights of the Truax administration at Colorado College were the growth of the composition and piano departments during the residencies of husband and wife team Roy and Johana Harris (1943–48) and of the voice department under John C. Wilcox (1946–49); the residence of the LaSalle String Quartet (1949–54); and the excellent summer sessions which brought to the Colorado College campus such musical celebrities as Burrill Phillips (1946), Nicolas Slonimsky (1947–49), Louis Persinger (1949–50), Paul Hindemith (1949), Virgil Thomson (1950), Willi Apel (1950–52) and many others.
She resigned from the college in the spring of 1951 to accept a position as treasurer of the Aspen Institute for Humanistic Studies and Director of Publicity for the Aspen Festival. Only two months later she was invited to direct a fine arts research survey for the 33 colleges of the State University of New York and was awarded a full professorship from that institution. Carol Truax later married Renaissance musicologist Gustave Reese.
From 1961 she was director of the Broadmoor International Theatre in Colorado Springs, booking such artists as Liberace, the Smothers Brothers, Dinah Shore and many others. In 1968, a Gazette Telegraph entertainment columnist wrote, "Carol has been fortunate in being able to attract the big names each year, paying them less than they could command in some of the metropolitan areas, simply because they like it here. In most cases, the personalities are willing to take the cut in price because they could combine a vacation in beautiful Colorado Springs with a few days or a week's work." Whilst this was true, some entertainers also used Broadmoor as a testing ground for their act, before unleashing it on Las Vegas.
As author.
Carol Truax wrote or edited over 20 cookbooks, including many for "Woman's Day" and "Ladies Home Journal" and was a regular contributor to "Gourmet" magazine. She also collaborated with Liberace, publishing "Liberace Cooks" (Doubleday, 1970), a cookbook of recipes from the seven dining rooms of the flamboyant pianist and showman.

</doc>
<doc id="7017018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017018" title="U-269">
U-269



</doc>
<doc id="7017021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017021" title="Don't Forget to Remember">
Don't Forget to Remember

"Don't Forget to Remember", also called "Don't Forget to Remember Me", is a country ballad recorded by the Bee Gees, from the album "Cucumber Castle". The song was written by Barry and Maurice Gibb. It was produced by the band with Robert Stigwood.
Recording.
The song's genre is country, like much of what Maurice and Barry wrote together without input from their brother Robin, but all three brothers have written in the medium at other times, most notably the Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton hit "Islands in the Stream", and its parent album "Eyes That See in the Dark".
The song was recorded on 7 May 1969, the same day as the unreleased track "Who Knows What a Room Is". Barry Gibb's lead vocal is in a lower register than usual. Peter Mason, Robin's intended replacement in the group, originally sang harmony vocals on the song, as Mason explains, "I did some harmonies, I remember doing three songs, there was 'Don't Forget to Remember' and I put the harmony down on that and two other songs. [I don't know] whether it's a tryout, although he'd said before that he wanted me, because we sat and sang together."
Mason also explained: "When I sit and listen to 'Don't Forget to Remember' I can't really tell whether it's me or not. He ran the tracks and said, 'Can you put a harmony to that?'". The song also sticks out in Mason's memory.
Structure.
The song features Barry Gibb singing at a lower pitch than usual. The song's lyrics follow the country-song tradition of romantic laments with its tearful first-person lyrics about a man haunted by a failed love affair he can't put out of his mind. Its melody matches the yearning quality of the lyrics, especially on the chorus, which underpins the forlorn wish "Don't forget to remember me/And the love that used to be" with glorious runs of ascending notes. On paper, the song seems applicable to the group's usual pop style but their recording uses country-music elements to carry it into that genre, a prominent acoustic guitar cuts through the background orchestration and Barry Gibb adds a Nashville-inspired twang to his vocal.
Release.
Maurice's reaction when the song was released was "The thing is that it is Jim Reeves-ish it's rather like 'Oh Lonesome Me' and that sort of song and you'll never forget the melody. It wasn't a deliberate dedication to Jim Reeves - it's just worked out that way". Maurice also explains, "We know we don't want to split up, maybe Colin will want to leave sometime in the future, but we all have different things we've involved in". The single covers of the song, (in all countries) features the three remaining Bee Gees after the departure of Robin Gibb.
"Record World" called it a "country-flavored ballad" that's "another solid winner for the Bee Gees."
The song was re-released in CD by RSO Records as a part in the EP of the same name (1987).
Personnel.
Credits from Bee Gees historian and sessionographer Joseph Brennan.

</doc>
<doc id="7017023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017023" title="U 269">
U 269



</doc>
<doc id="7017028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017028" title="Tricuspid stenosis">
Tricuspid stenosis



</doc>
<doc id="7017029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017029" title="Chinzei Bugyo">
Chinzei Bugyo



</doc>
<doc id="7017033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017033" title="Tricuspidal stenosis">
Tricuspidal stenosis



</doc>
<doc id="7017037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017037" title="CariAccess">
CariAccess



</doc>
<doc id="7017054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017054" title="Apple Dumpling">
Apple Dumpling



</doc>
<doc id="7017057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017057" title="Morgan Super Sports">
Morgan Super Sports



</doc>
<doc id="7017060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017060" title="Midway Manufacturing Co. v. Artic International, Inc.">
Midway Manufacturing Co. v. Artic International, Inc.

Midway Manufacturing Co. v. Artic International, Inc., 704 F.2d 1009 (7th Cir. 1983), was a legal case where the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit found that Artic violated Midway's copyright in their arcade games "Pac-Man" and "Galaxian." The lawsuit was part of a trend of "knock-off" video games in the early 1980s, with courts recognizing that a video game can qualify for protection as a copyrighted audiovisual work.
Both "Galaxian" and "Pac-Man" were bestselling games in the early 1980s, with "Pac-Man" generating over $1 billion in revenues, as well as sequels, merchandising, and a cartoon. The dispute arose when Artic began to distribute an alleged clone of "Pac-Man," and a circuit board that could speed-up the gameplay of "Galaxian". While Midway registered their copyrights as audiovisual works by submitting video recordings of their games being played, Artic argued that this did not protect the games themselves, as the game's graphics were not fixed like a conventional video. The district court disagreed, finding that both games were protected as audiovisual works, and enjoined Artic from distributing their infringing hardware. The decision was affirmed by the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.
The case was among several early decisions finding that video games qualify for copyright protection as audiovisual works, despite their graphics varying between game sessions. Since Artic's version of "Pac-Man" was nearly identical to Midway's, the real issue was whether "Pac-Man" qualified for protection as an audiovisual work, which it did. This helped establish that an unauthorized clone of a game will be considered a copyright violation. In finding that the "Galaxian" speed-up kit was a copyright violation, the decision also established that a copyright holder has the exclusive right to modify their game and produce derivative works. This issue was revisited in "Lewis Galoob Toys, Inc. v. Nintendo of America, Inc.", where courts found that it was not a copyright violation for the Game Genie to modify the gameplay of popular Nintendo games. The issue of derivative works has provoked further discussion from legal theorists, arguing whether Artic's modifications of "Galaxian" actually copied anything from the original game.
Background.
In the late 1970s, arcade game industry was growing in Japan, leading Namco to enter the market. In 1979, Namco published the hit video game "Galaxian", one of the first arcade games to incorporate RGB color graphics, score bonuses, and a tile-based graphical layout. That year, "Galaxian" became the second highest-earning arcade game in Japan. It was re-released in North America by Midway Manufacturing, where it became one of its bestselling titles, and started a lucrative relationship between Namco and Midway. 
Namco built on this success with the release of "Pac-Man" in 1980, which was once again licensed to Midway Manufacturing for a North American re-release. The year ended with "Pac-Man" as the highest earning game in Japan, with "Galaxian" close behind."" The game generated $150 million in sales between October 1980 and December 1981, and overtook Atari's "Asteroids" as the bestselling arcade game in the United States in 1981. "Pac-Man" was also the U.S.' highest-grossing arcade game of 1981, eventually earning more than $1 billion in revenue, surpassing even the revenues of the film "". "Pac-Man" became a mass market success, leading to game sequels, merchandising, and a cartoon. 
Artic International began selling circuit boards that could be used inside other game machines, including an alleged clone of "Pac-Man," as well as a "speed-up kit" that accelerates the gameplay for "Galaxian". Midway filed suit against Artic for copyright infringement in both games. Artic responded by filing a motion for summary judgment against Midway, on the basis that Midway did not hold a valid copyright, and that Artic had neither copied nor induced others to copy Midway's work. Although Midway registered their copyrights submitting video recordings of their games being played, Artic argued that the games themselves are transitory and not fixed. 
Ruling.
District Judge Bernard Decker granted an injunction against Artic, denying their motion for summary judgement, and preventing them manufacturing or distributing circuit boards that infringed both "Pac-Man" and "Galaxian." Artic appealed the injunction to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, but Chief Judge Walter J. Cummings Jr. affirmed the lower court decision. 
Artic argued that the games cannot be protected as audiovisual works as they are not fixed. The court acknowledged that the framers of the Copyright Act did not anticipate the issues raised by electronic games, but rejected Artic's arguments. According to the court, Midway's video games meet the Copyright Act's definition of an audiovisual work as a "series of related images", because there is sufficient repetition of images between playthroughs. The court also accepted that the inventor of the game was the creator of the audiovisual work, and not the player, thus allowing Midway to register the copyright. 
"Galaxian" created further issues, as Artic argued that their hardware speeding the rate of play did not infringe Midway's copyright. However, the court held that Artic violated Midway's exclusive right to create derivative works of "Galaxian", as Artic's speed-up kit incorporated copyrighted material from the game, and supplanted demand for Midway's game.
Having established that Midway owned a valid copyright in both games, the court found that Artic infringed "Pac-Man" by producing a near identical copy, and infringed "Galaxian" by creating an unauthorized derivative work. The court denied Artic's motion for summary judgement against Midway, and instead enjoined Artic from infringing "Pac-Man" and "Galaxian".
Impact.
"Midway v. Artic" was one of several early video game lawsuits involving "knock-off" video games, along with "Stern Electronics, Inc. v. Kaufman" and "Midway v. Dirkschneider". Since a knock-off involves strong evidence of copying, these cases depended on whether video games were eligible for copyright at all. "Midway v. Artic" helped establish that video games are indeed eligible for copyright protection as audiovisual works, and that a copyright holder can register a video game as an audiovisual work by submitting a video tape of gameplay. The judge's interpretation of "Pac-Man" helped establish that a near identical clone of a game will usually be considered copyright infringement. The decision was also notable for going beyond an ordinary observer test for similarity, relying on expert testimony to parse similarities in source code between the games, including an identical error in the two circuit boards.
This case also illustrates a challenge for understanding the concept of "fixation" in copyright law. "Midway v. Artic" is one of the first copyright decisions where a computer program stored in hardware memory was sufficient to qualify as a fixed creative work. Even though the combinations of images change between game sessions, most of the images are fixed in memory of the printed circuit boards. Along with early cases "Stern Electronics, Inc. v. Kaufman" and "Atari, Inc. v. North American Philips Consumer Electronics Corp.", courts accepted that the image sequences were the creations of the author, and not an algorithm or a player. In "Play/Write," Scott Nelson argues that this has implications for copyright ownership in procedurally generated games such as "Diablo", "Dwarf Fortress", and "Minecraft."
"Midway v. Artic" was also one of the first cases about using hardware to modify a copyrighted game, with Midway's exclusive right to prepare derivative works violated by Artic's speed-up kit. This interpretation was distinguished in 1992 with the ruling in "Lewis Galoob Toys, Inc. v. Nintendo of America, Inc.", where the court decided that there was no copyright infringement in attaching Game Genie hardware to a Nintendo cartridge to alter a game's mechanics. The legal distinction was that Artic's hardware incorporated a portion of the original "Galaxian", while the Game Genie did not incorporate any copyrighted content. Another distinction was that the "Galaxian" speed-up kit was interpreted as a threat to the commercial demand for "Galaxian", whereas another court found that the Game Genie would not have the same commercial impact. Thomas Hemnes criticized this opinion about commercial impact in the "University of Pennsylvania Law Review", noting that the speed-up kit could not function without first owning a working version of the original game. Pamela Samuelson made a similar criticism in the "Georgetown Law Journal," that the injunction against the speed-up kit may have hindered competition in the video game industry. 

</doc>
<doc id="7017061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017061" title="Terhorst">
Terhorst

Terhorst (in Limburgs dialect: "Terhoorsj") is a little hamlet of 33 houses and part of the village of Banholt (in Limburgs dialect: Tebannet), which is in the municipality of Eijsden-Margraten in the province of Limburg, Netherlands. In the middle of the village, Terhorst has its own little chapel built in 1949 and every year in August there is the traditional annual Chapel party (kapelfeest). 
Terhorst is not a statistical entity, and the postal authorities have placed it under Banholt. It was first mentioned between 1803 and 1820 as Terhorst, and means "height with growth".

</doc>
<doc id="7017069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017069" title="Governor Crane">
Governor Crane

Governor Crane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7017072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017072" title="Brass in Pocket">
Brass in Pocket

"Brass in Pocket", also known as "Brass in Pocket (I'm Special)", is a song by English rock band the Pretenders, released in 1979 as the third single from their self-titled debut album. It was written by Chrissie Hynde and James Honeyman-Scott, and produced by Chris Thomas. Originating as a guitar lick written by Honeyman-Scott, the song's lyrics were explained by Hynde to be about the cockiness that one needs to effectively perform. The song's title derives from a phrase she overheard after a show.
"Brass in Pocket" became the band's biggest hit to that point, reaching number one on the UK singles chart and number 14 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. Its music video was the seventh video aired on MTV on its launch on 1 August 1981.
Background.
"Brass in Pocket" originated as a guitar line that Pretenders guitarist James Honeyman-Scott played for Chrissie Hynde. Hynde then recorded the part and wrote the song's lyrics. Musically, Hynde described "Brass in Pocket" as "trying to be a Motown song, but it didn't quite get it".
Hynde got the idea for the song's title when, during an after-show dinner, she overheard someone enquiring if anyone had "Picked up dry cleaning? Any brass in pocket?" Of the song's reference to "bottle", Hynde explained, "Bottle is Cockney rhyming slang. It means bottle and glass. The way Cockney rhyming slang works is the word you're really saying rhymes with the second word. So bottle and glass rhymes with ass. In England, to say somebody has a lot of ass they have a lot of funk. So you say, 'That guy has a lot of bottle. Of the song's meaning, Hynde stated:
During an interview with "The Observer" in 2004, Hynde revealed she was initially reluctant to have the song released: "When we recorded the song I wasn't very happy with it and told my producer that he could release it over my dead body." She later reflected, "Now I like that song because it's one of those songs that served me well. I didn't like my voice on it. I was kind of a new singer, and listening to my voice made me kind of cringe."
Music and lyrics.
The lyrics detail the female singer about to have her first sexual encounter with a particular person, with her expressing confidence that the experience will be successful. According to "Rolling Stone" magazine critic Ken Tucker, the song uses "an iron fist as a metaphor for [Hynde's] sexual clout". "The Rolling Stone Album Guide" critic J. D. Considine describes the song as "sassy" and credits the band for "putting bounce in each step" of it. Author Simon Reynolds similarly describes Hynde's vocals as "pure sass" and "feline narcissism", noting that she "linger[s] languorously" over the phrase "I'm special".
According to AllMusic critic Steve Huey, the backbeat "meshes very nicely with Hynde's unshakable confidence, and the song never gets aggressive enough to break its charming spell or make her self-assurance seem implausibly idealized." Huey also points out a harmonic shift in the music for the portion of the song where the singer lists the various attractive qualities she will use to make the encounter a success. "Ultimate Classic Rock" critic Bryan Wawzenek rated it one of drummer Martin Chambers' top 10 Pretenders songs, praising the relaxed groove and saying, "The beat is weighty but soft, and it allows plenty of room for Chrissie Hynde to side-step her way through the single."
Dave Thompson suggests that the song is actually about the Pretenders' first live concert rather than a sexual experience.
"Cash Box" said the song shows why Hynde was "quickly emerging as one of the bright new singer/stylists of 1980", highlighting "her sly, sexy warbling and tremendous control". "Ultimate Classic Rock" critic Matt Wardlaw rated it the Pretenders' best song, saying that it is the song "all of the elements really came together – a cool groove and an especially sultry vocal from Hynde." 
The lyrics notably mix in both British and American slang of the time. "Brass" is a Northern English expression for money, referring to copper coins. The term "Detroit leaning" refers to a posture when driving a car.
Release.
"Brass in Pocket" was released as the band's third single. It was their first big success, reaching number one on the UK Singles Chart for two weeks in January 1980 (making it the first new number-one single of the 1980s), number two in Australia during May 1980 (for three weeks), and number 14 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the United States. It was listed at No. 389 on "Rolling Stone"'s "500 Greatest Songs of All Time" in 2021.
In the video for the song, Hynde plays a lonely waitress in a backstreet cafe. The rest of the band arrives in a large pink American car driven by Pete Farndon. The three men peruse the menus but are soon joined by their female partners. All six then leave the restaurant. Hynde commented on the ending of the video, "The 'Brass in Pocket' video got hijacked by the director, because the idea of that was that these guys were going to break in on motorcycles and I was going to get on the back and ride out of there. And he had different ideas, and he left me in there crying. That wasn't my script."
The video was filmed in North Kensington. The cafe's location was at the intersection of Middle Row and Southern Row.
Covers.
The song has been covered by Suede for "NME"s charity compilation "Ruby Trax". It also features in its expanded debut album edition released in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="7017073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017073" title="The Pixies">
The Pixies



</doc>
<doc id="7017076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017076" title="Basic People's Court">
Basic People's Court



</doc>
<doc id="7017078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017078" title="El Benny">
El Benny

El Benny is a Cuban film released in 2006, directed and co-written by Jorge Luis Sánchez, his first feature-length film. It is a fictional story based on the life of the famous Cuban musician Benny Moré. The film includes new versions of his songs, performed by musicians including Chucho Valdés, Juan Formell, Haila and Orishas.
The film premiered in Cuba in July 2006, and was presented at the Locarno International Film Festival in August 2006, where its star, Renny Arozarena, won the Boccalino prize for best performance for protagonist in all sections of festival. The film was Cuba's candidate for the Academy Awards. The film won the "First Work" ("Opera Prima") award at the New Latin American Cinema festival in Havana in December 2006. It received its official U.S. premiere at the "Palm Springs International Film Festival" on 6 January 2007, and its east coast premiere at the Miami International Film Festival in March 2007.
The director, Sánchez, is distantly related to Benny Moré.

</doc>
<doc id="7017083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017083" title="Heterotrophic picoplankton">
Heterotrophic picoplankton

Heterotrophic picoplankton is the fraction of plankton composed by cells between 0.2 and 2 μm that do not perform photosynthesis. They form an important component of many biogeochemical cycles.
Cells can be either:
Archaea form a major part of the picoplankton in the Antarctic and are abundant in other regions of the ocean. Archaea have also been found in freshwater picoplankton, but do not appear to be so abundant in these environments.
Cell structure.
Nucleic acid content in cells.
Heterotrophic picoplankton can be divided into two broad categories: high nucleic acid (HNA) content cells and low nucleic acid (LNA) content cells. Nucleic acids are large biomolecules that store and express genomic information. HNA picoplankton dominate in waters that are eutrophic to mesotrophic while low LNA picoplankton dominate in stratified oligotrophic environments. The proportion of HNA picoplankton to LNA picoplankton is a defining characteristic of bacterioplankton communities. Addition of glyphosate, a common herbicide that causes increased levels of phosphorus when introduced to aquatic systems, causes an increase in the ratio of HNA to LNA bacteria. Nucleic acids are a costly compound for cells to synthesize and the increased bioavailable phosphorus in the system likely allows HNA bacteria to rapidly synthesize more nucleic acids and divide. HNA bacterioplankton are larger and more active than LNA picoplankton. HNA cells also have higher specific metabolic and growth rates, likely allowing these types of bacterioplankton to better utilize and exploit sudden increases in nutrients within the water column. The relative abundance of HNA to LNA cells is related to overall system productivity, specifically chlorophyll concentration, though other factors likely also contribute to bacterioplankton distribution.
Biogeochemical cycling.
Dissolved organic matter.
Heterotrophic picoplankton play a critical role in nutrient and carbon recycling in ecological food webs by transforming and mineralizing organic matter. Aquatic dissolved organic matter is one of the largest organic pools on Earth and a major part of the carbon cycle. The majority of dissolved organic matter is either resistant to transformation or semi-labile, limiting the availability of these compounds to biodegradation. Water bodies accumulate dissolved organic matter via both allochthonous sources, mainly decaying terrestrial plants and soil organic matter, and autochthonous sources, mainly from phytoplankton and macrophytes. As major decomposers of organic matter, heterotrophic bacterioplankton act as an important link between detritus, dissolved organic matter, and higher trophic levels in aquatic systems. Bacterioplankton degrade particulate organic matter into smaller compounds and either assimilate and absorb them or expel them as inorganic carbon. Both of these processes promote transformation of matter within the aquatic system and promote energy flow and are important components of the overall quality of a water body. Heterotrophic bacteria community structure and functionality is used to assess the trophic status and quality of freshwater systems.

</doc>
<doc id="7017084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017084" title="North Carolina Highway 30">
North Carolina Highway 30

North Carolina Highway 30 (NC 30) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of North Carolina. NC 30 runs from US 13 and NC 11 near Bethel to NC 33 near Pactolus. While signed east–west, the highway physically travels along a southeast–northwest alignment. NC 30 is primarily a two-lane rural highway which serves communities northeast of Greenville entirely in Pitt County.
There have been three designations of NC 30 since the inception of the North Carolina State Highway system. The first NC 30 was an original state highway. At its greatest extent, it ran from the South Carolina state line west of Seaside to the Virginia state line near Corapeake, North Carolina. The current NC 30 was established on August 1, 1975, running along its modern-day routing. The highway replaced a segment of NC 33 which was rerouted to US 13 in Greenville.
Route description.
The western terminus of NC 30 is located at an at-grade intersection with US 13 and NC 11 in a rural area south of Bethel. The highway begins by travelling southeast along a two-lane highway. NC 30 crosses a railroad line owned by CSX Transportation at an at-grade crossing in the unincorporated community of Whitehurst. The highway continues through a rural region with farms and forests until reaching Stokes. Residential buildings line the highway as it enters into Stokes from the northwest. In the center of the community, NC 30 intersects NC 903 which continues southwest to Greenville and north to Robersonville. NC 30 exits Stokes to the southeast, continuing through a predominantly rural residential area. The highway makes a slight adjustment to the south north of Briery Creek Road, an orientation it maintains for the remainder of its route. NC 30 continues southeast of Briery Creek Road for until reaching its eastern terminus at US 264. As it approaches its eastern terminus, NC 30 makes a sweeping curve toward the east, until quickly making a turn to the southeast and intersecting US 264. The intersection lies to the east of the community of Pactolus which is located adjacent to US 264.
The North Carolina Department of Transportation (NCDOT) measures average daily traffic volumes along many of the roadways it maintains. In 2018, average daily traffic volumes along NC 30 varied from 1,400 vehicles per day southeast of Staton Mill Road and 2,000 vehicles per day southeast of NC 903, southeast of Briery Swamp Road, and southeast of Carl Morris Road. No section of NC 30 is included in the National Highway System, a network of highways in the United States which serve strategic transportation facilities. However, the highway does connect to the National Highway System at its termini, US 13 and NC 11 south of Bethel and US 264 near Pactolus.
History.
Previous designations.
Two previous highways bore the NC 30 designation. The first was one of North Carolina's original 1922 state highways. As a multiple of "10" it was a major cross-state route, connecting Wilmington to the Virginia state line via Jacksonville, New Bern, Washington, and Ahoskie. In 1930, it was extended to South Carolina via Supply. When the U.S. Highways came in 1934–1935, much of it was replaced by US 17. It was rerouted several times in the late 1930s, but was fully gone by 1940. The remnants of the first NC 30 found in eastern Onslow County continue to serve as a key thoroughfare between Jacksonville and Unincorporated Onslow County, the road is known as "Old 30", "Old Highway 30", and "R.I.P. Road".
The second NC 30 was created in 1948, connecting Greenville to Pactolus. On August 1, 1975, NC 33 was rerouted to replace NC 30 in its entirety. Today, this route is NC 33 inside of the Greenville Loop and US 264 outside of the loop.
Current designation.
NC 30 was established on August 1, 1975, running between US 13/NC 11 near Bethel, North Carolina and NC 33 near Pactolus. The highway replaced the routing of NC 33 along that segment, and NC 33 was rerouted to follow former NC 30 to US 13 in Greenville. The route has remained the same since.
Special routes.
Windsor–Ahoskie alternate route.
North Carolina Highway 30A (NC 30A) was an alternate route of NC 30 which existed between 1933 and 1941. The southern terminus of NC 30A was located at NC 30 north of Windsor in Bertie County. From its southern terminus, the highway continued northward for to Powellsville where it intersected NC 350. NC 30A continued north for , entering into Hertford County and Ahoskie. The alternate route reached its northern terminus at NC 30A in Ahoskie.
NC 30A first appeared on North Carolina state transportation maps in 1933 running along a topsoil, sand-clay, or gravel road between NC 30 north of Windsor and NC 30 in Ahoskie. By 1938, the section between Ahoskie and Powellsville was paved. NC 30A last appeared on the 1938 North Carolina state transportation map and was decommissioned by 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="7017087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017087" title="Short hill mountains">
Short hill mountains



</doc>
<doc id="7017091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017091" title="Commissioner of Assize">
Commissioner of Assize



</doc>
<doc id="7017095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017095" title="Short Hill Mountains">
Short Hill Mountains



</doc>
<doc id="7017096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017096" title="Roland littlewood">
Roland littlewood



</doc>
<doc id="7017097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017097" title="Landlord (drink)">
Landlord (drink)



</doc>
<doc id="7017113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017113" title="Maybe He'll Know">
Maybe He'll Know

"Maybe He'll Know" is a song by American singer Cyndi Lauper from her 1986 album, "True Colors". It served as the fifth and final single of the album, released only in Europe in 1987. It is a remake of a song that Lauper recorded with her former band, Blue Angel. The two versions are slightly different lyrically in a few lines. Billy Joel joins Lauper in 'doo wop' style back-up vocal duties.
The Blue Angel version of the song appears in the 1999 film "200 Cigarettes" after a quarter when Kate Hudson's character is in the restaurant's restroom composing herself. A remix of "Maybe He'll Know"—presumably created with the intention of single release in the U.S.—surfaced as the B-side to Lauper's "I Drove All Night".
The single received radio adds in France in September 1987.
Track listing.
7"
12"

</doc>
<doc id="7017117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017117" title="Santa Restituta">
Santa Restituta

Santa Restituta is a church in Naples, southern Italy, dedicated to Saint Restituta. The foundation of the basilica is attributed to the Emperor Constantine the Great in the 4th century and is mentioned in a passage from the life of Pope Sylvester I in the Liber pontificalis:
"[...] at that time, the emperor Constantine built a basilica in the city of Naples."
The basilica is most likely located on the site previously occupied by an ancient temple of Apollo.
It is the original palaeo-Christian church on the site where the Cathedral of Naples now stands, and was rebuilt and incorporated into the cathedral when it built in the 13th century.
In the crypt are archaeological remains: a Greek wall, belonging to the temple of Apollo, in "opus reticulatum". Under the apse the peristyle of a late imperial "domus" was found, whose peristyle is still evident. Also, a stretch of Roman aqueduct after the foundation of the city and a stretch of Greek road on an inclined plane.
Santa Restituta has a nave with two aisles divided by 27 antique columns, and forms a large, separate part of the cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="7017119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017119" title="Warriors of the Tempest">
Warriors of the Tempest



</doc>
<doc id="7017124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017124" title="Legion of Thunder">
Legion of Thunder



</doc>
<doc id="7017126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017126" title="Big Lake (Missouri)">
Big Lake (Missouri)

Big Lake is a oxbow lake in Holt County, Missouri, United States. A village name Big Lake is located along the eastern shore of the lake. It is the largest oxbow lake in the state of Missouri, which also makes it the largest natural body of water.
Etymology.
Some of the earliest names for the lake include: Duckling Lake, Fish Lake, Higgins Lake, Impassable Lake, Tarkio Lake, and most prominenetly, Tarkio Slough. The oldest published usage of Big Lake on a map was in a 1955 USGS map, though it is believed to originate from the 1870s. The last recorded use of Tarkio Slough was in a 1930 plat map.
History.
It is believed to have been formed from the Missouri River some time before the Lewis and Clark Expedition visited the area in 1804. The lake was a popular trapping and trading location in northwest Missouri even before the Platte Purchase. The first permenant settlement along the lake was established in November 1847 by the Higgins brothers. The village of Big Lake was incorporated in the 1990s to help organize and fund water utilities and levee improvements.
Geography.
Big Lake is located about east of the Missouri River and west of Loess Bluffs National Wildlife Refuge. Route 111 passes along the eastern shore of the lake for over 2 miles, and US 159 passes just south of the lake a few miles east from the Brownville Bridge over the Missouri River. The villages of Bigelow and Fortescue lie east of Big Lake and their economy is supported by seasonal hunting and fishing. All of Big Lake is within the corporate limits of the Village of Big Lake.
State Park.
Big Lake State Park, a state park, was established on the lake's northeast side in 1932. The State Park includes the largest marsh in a state park in Missouri. The remaining two-thirds of the lake shore is occupied by privately owned cabins and residences.

</doc>
<doc id="7017131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017131" title="Mark Parent (baseball)">
Mark Parent (baseball)

Mark Alan Parent (born September 16, 1961) is a former Major League Baseball catcher who played from 1986 to 1998 and was the bench coach for the Chicago White Sox from 2012 to 2015.
Minor league career.
After graduating from Anderson Union High School in Anderson, California, he was drafted by the San Diego Padres in the 4th round (92nd overall) of the 1979 MLB Draft and played in the minor leagues, starting with the Northwest League's Walla Walla Padres, for eight years before being sent to the Padres.
Major league career.
On September 15, 1996, Parent's home run off of Detroit Tigers pitcher Todd Van Poppel was the Orioles' 241st of the year, surpassing the record of 240, set by the 1961 New York Yankees. Parent would make his first and only playoff appearance with the Orioles in 1996, who made it all the way to the American League Championship Series.
Parent's best offensive season would come in 1995 when he played for the Pittsburgh Pirates before being traded back to the Chicago Cubs. During this season he played in 81 Games, and had 265 At Bats, 62 Hits, 30 Runs, 11 Doubles, 18 Home Runs, 38 RBI, while Hitting .234 and Slugging .479.
In 13 seasons he played in 474 Games and had 1,303 At Bats, 112 Runs, 279 Hits, 50 Doubles, 53 Home Runs, 168 RBI, 3 Stolen Bases, 98 Walks, .214 Batting Average, .268 On-base percentage, .375 Slugging Percentage, 488 Total Bases, 12 Sacrifice Hits, 13 Sacrifice Flies and 8 Intentional Walks.
Managerial and coaching career.
In 2000, Parent was named manager of the Lancaster JetHawks, Class A affiliate of the Seattle Mariners. Parent was also named California League Manager of the Year that season.
In 2005, Parent was named the first-ever manager of the newly minted Golden Baseball League's Chico Outlaws and took his team to the league championship in 2007. After the team won the title, he retired from professional baseball.
On December 15, 2009, the Philadelphia Phillies named Parent manager of the Lakewood BlueClaws, the franchise's Class A affiliate in the South Atlantic League.
On November 22, 2010, the Philadelphia Phillies named Parent manager of the Reading Phillies, the franchise's Class AA affiliate in the Eastern League.
The Official Site of Minor League Baseball
On October 31, 2011, the Chicago White Sox named Parent bench coach under manager Robin Ventura.
On August 25, 2013, Parent was ejected from the Rangers-White Sox game during the pregame line up exchanges at home plate.
On October 2, 2015, the Chicago White Sox relieved Parent of his duties.
On January 11, 2016, the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim named Parent manager of the Arkansas Travelers, the franchise’s Class AA affiliate in the Texas League.
On September 20, 2016, the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim announced a two-year player development agreement with the Class AA Mobile BayBears of the Southern League. Parent would not be retained for the 2017 season.
Miscellaneous.
Parent was named MVP of the 1987-1988 Dominican Winter League while playing for the Estrellas Orientales.
Parent’s son Nick was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 36th round of the 2013 MLB June Amateur Draft from California State University Monterey Bay.
On September 24, 2015, Nick was released by the Great Falls Voyagers, the Chicago White Sox’ Advanced Rookie affiliate in the Pioneer League.

</doc>
<doc id="7017138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017138" title="Sam Weems">
Sam Weems



</doc>
<doc id="7017141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017141" title="List of characters in EastEnders">
List of characters in EastEnders



</doc>
<doc id="7017149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017149" title="WKBI-FM">
WKBI-FM

WKBI-FM (93.9 FM, "B94") is a Top 40 (CHR) music formatted radio station based in Saint Marys, Pennsylvania. It is owned by Dennis and Rose Heindl, through licensee Laurel Media, Inc.
History.
WKBI-FM has since its inception, been the sister station of WKBI (AM), which first went on the air back in 1950, and had been the first station built as part of the Allegheny Mountain Network. WKBI-FM first went on the air in August 1966, and had originally been licensed to Ridgway. Though Ridgway is the seat of government for Elk County, the station's city of license was later changed to Saint Marys, which lies about 12 miles east of Ridgway.
For a period during the late 1970s, this station was known as WTMX. The call letters were representative of the famous cowboy of the silver screen, Tom Mix. The station was located at the corner of Main St. and North Broad St. in Ridgway, PA. It was a country music radio station.
WKBI-FM was formerly on the 94.3 FM frequency until the upgrading of signal, when the station moved to 93.9 FM. Former names of the WKBI-FM include, 94.3 The Wizard, Variety 94, and B94.
WKBI-FM, now known as B94, is programmed as a Top 40/CHR Pop radio station.
Former DJs include, Erik Lane (now at WKVA), Nancy Kelley, Zack Williams (now at ENERGY 92.1 WMYB Myrtle Beach), Joe Disque, Jesse Davis, Jonny Ryan, Rich Thomas, Stephanie Rae, Jennifer Lee, Ally O'Neil, J.B. Savage (who left to work for Cumulus in Albany, GA) Shannel Huston, Taylor Jordan, Tim Allen, Terry Long, Matt Stone (known as Matt Matthews on WKBI, now at KRUZ-FM in Santa Barbara), A.J. Michaels and others.
Some of the DJs who worked there during the 1970s were, "Disco Joe Thompson", "Stubby King", Ken Hoff, Angie Fararri, Dean Paige, Rick Porter, Tom Rogers, Mark Benson, Mike McClain who was hired on January 31, 1977 at the age of 14, Keith McKervey, who left the radio station to pursue a position with the popular "Up with People", Ken Ciroli, Ray Rettger (A.K.A. Joe Emmeran)
Rick Porter is now a sportscaster and weekend DJ on 97.5 the Hound WDDH and occasionally does sports play by play on WKBI-FM.
In the 1990s and 2000s, WKBI was an owned-and-operated affiliate of the Tyrone-based Allegheny Mountain Radio Network. That network was dismantled over the course of the late 2000s; WKBI was sold to Laurel Media (owners of WDDH) in late 2012 as part of the dismantling. The sale was consummated on January 31, 2013 at a price of $766,047; the price included both WKBI-FM and sister station WKBI.

</doc>
<doc id="7017152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017152" title="I Lived to Tell It All">
I Lived to Tell It All

I Lived to Tell It All is an album by country music artist George Jones, released on August 13, 1996, on the MCA Nashville Records label. It was also a companion piece to his best-selling autobiography of the same name, "I Lived to Tell It All".
Background.
Coming off his successful reunion tour with ex-wife Tammy Wynette, Jones reunited with producer Norro Wilson to record his fifth album with MCA Nashville. While Jones remained committed to "pure country", he worked with the top musicians and songwriters of the day and the quality of his work remained high, even though his age kept him off mainstream country radio. Earlier in the year, Jones released his autobiography "I Lived To Tell It All" with Tom Carter and the irony of his long career was not lost on him, with the singer writing in its preface, "I also know that a lot of my show-business peers are going to be angry after reading this book. So many have worked so hard to maintain their careers. I never took my career seriously, and yet it's flourishing." He also pulled no punches about his disappointment in the direction country music had taken, devoting a full chapter to the changes in the country music scene of the 1990s that saw him removed from radio playlists in favor of a younger generation of pop-influenced country stars. Despite his absence from the country charts during this time, latter-day country superstars such as George Strait, Randy Travis, Alan Jackson, and many others often paid tribute to Jones while expressing their love and respect for his legacy as a true country legend who paved the way for their own success.
Jones promoted the album heavily and it rose to 26 on the "Billboard" country albums chart, a respectable showing considering his lack of radio support. He also made a music video for "Honky Tonk Song" which lampooned the infamous episode when Jones rode a lawn mower eight miles to the liquor store after his wife had hidden his car keys (Jones also performed the song on "The Late Show with David Letterman"). The album contains the novelty single "Billy B. Bad", a sarcastic jab at country music establishment trendsetters (unsurprisingly, it did not chart), and "Hello Heart", which was co-written by Jones's former 1960s duet partner Melba Montgomery.
Reception.
AllMusic calls "I Lived To Tell It All" "a surprising return to form" for Jones, enthusing, "There are honky tonk raveups, there are heart-tugging barroom weepers, and, best of all, there are several novelties that rank among the most clever and self-deprecating that Jones has ever recorded." In a "Rolling Stone" article at the time of the album's release, Chuck Dean wrote that Jones was "...blessed with the best set of lungs this side of the cosmos..." Alana Nash of Amazon.com writes that, even when going through the motions, "Jones remains the kind of singer who inspires awe and wonder..."

</doc>
<doc id="7017153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017153" title="WKBI">
WKBI

WKBI can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7017154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017154" title="Stan Nicholls">
Stan Nicholls

Stan Nicholls (born 1949) is a British author and journalist, working full-time since 1981. He is the author of many novels and short stories but is best known for the "" series.
Career.
His journalism has appeared in "The Guardian", "The Independent", "The Daily Mirror", "Time Out", "Sight and Sound", "Rolling Stone", "SFX" and "Locus" among many others. Nicholls has worked for a number of specialists and general book shops including Dark They Were, and Golden Eyed and was the first manager of the London branch of Forbidden Planet.
Following on from "Weapons of Magical Destruction, Part Two" in the "Bad Blood" series, "Army of Shadows" was released in October 2009. The final book in the trilogy, "Bad Blood: Inferno", was released in December 2011. A graphic novel set in the "Orcs" universe was set for release in 2010 or 2011.
Awards.
The first two books in the "Orcs: First Blood" series, "Bodyguard of Lightning" and "Legion of Thunder", received best novel nominations at the 1999 British Fantasy Awards. In 2007, Nicholls was awarded the "Le'Fantastique Lifetime Achievement Award for Contributions to Literature" at the Trolls &amp; Legendes Festival in Mons, Belgium. His 2008 novel "Orcs Bad Blood 1: Weapons of Magical Destruction" was nominated for the inaugural David Gemmell Legend Award for best fantasy novel.
Personal life.
Nicholls currently lives in the West Midlands with his wife, science fiction author Anne Gay.
Bibliography.
Orcs
Dreamtime Trilogy
Nightshade Trilogy

</doc>
<doc id="7017159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017159" title="Tricuspid valve stenosis">
Tricuspid valve stenosis

Tricuspid valve stenosis is a valvular heart disease that narrows the opening of the heart's tricuspid valve. It is a relatively rare condition that causes stenosis (increased restriction of blood flow through the valve).
Cause.
Causes of tricuspid valve stenosis are:
Diagnosis.
A mild diastolic murmur can be heard during auscultation caused by the blood flow through the stenotic valve. It is best heard over the left sternal border with rumbling character and tricuspid opening snap with wide-splitting S2. The diagnosis will typically be confirmed by an echocardiograph, which will also allow the physician to assess its severity.
Treatment.
Tricuspid valve stenosis itself usually does not require treatment. If stenosis is mild, monitoring the condition closely suffices. However, severe stenosis, or damage to other valves in the heart, may require surgical repair or replacement.
The treatment is usually by surgery (tricuspid valve replacement) or percutaneous balloon valvuloplasty. The resultant tricuspid regurgitation from percutaneous treatment is better tolerated than the insufficiency occurring during mitral valvuloplasty.

</doc>
<doc id="7017161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017161" title="Organic law of the people's courts">
Organic law of the people's courts



</doc>
<doc id="7017164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017164" title="B94">
B94

B94 could be the moniker for:
• WBZZ HD2 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

</doc>
<doc id="7017170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017170" title="Td ameritrade">
Td ameritrade



</doc>
<doc id="7017178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017178" title="Conflict Resolution Research">
Conflict Resolution Research



</doc>
<doc id="7017192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017192" title="High People's Court">
High People's Court



</doc>
<doc id="7017195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017195" title="Duck Hunt Wii">
Duck Hunt Wii



</doc>
<doc id="7017199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017199" title="Flight 1812">
Flight 1812



</doc>
<doc id="7017207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017207" title="TDU">
TDU

TDU may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="7017217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017217" title="WKBI (AM)">
WKBI (AM)

WKBI, known as "News Talk 1400 &amp; 94.5", is a news/talk formatted radio station based in Saint Marys, Pennsylvania. WKBI is the only AM radio station in Elk County. In 2013, the station came under the ownership of Laurel Media, Inc., owners of WDDH.
History.
WKBI was the very first radio station in Elk County, and as there was no radio station on the air in neighboring Cameron County at the time, the station's licensee was initially known as Elk-Cameron Broadcasting. Neighboring Forest County also did not have (and still doesn't have) a local radio station of its own. Cameron County did not receive its own radio station until WLEM first signed on the air on March 2, 1958 followed by its same-named FM sister station 27 years later.
WKBI remains the sole AM radio station in all of Elk County. In its earliest years, WKBI was the flagship station of Allegheny Mountain Network (AMN), first having signed on the air July 23, 1950, and was thus the first station in the group. That changed five years later, when AMN founder Cary H. Simpson signed on WTRN in Tyrone. Operations for the AMN were then moved to Tyrone.
WKBI gained an FM sister station in 1966, which became known as WKBI-FM. That station is known today as B94.
WKBI's original studio location was in the Mullendean Hotel, next to the G.C. Murphy Co. The hotel was torn down in the mid '60s to expand Murphy's, and the studio was moved to a location above the Firestone tire store. In the early 1970s, WKBI-AM-FM moved to a new building constructed at the station's transmitter site on Melody Lane, located just outside the St. Mary's city limits, where it remained until its sale to its present owners.
The Allegheny Mountain Network was dismantled over the course of the late 2000s; with WKBI being sold to Laurel Media (owners of WDDH) in late 2012 as part of the dismantling. The sale was consummated on January 31, 2013 at a purchase price of $766,047 for both WKBI and sister station WKBI-FM.
On June 4, 2019, WKBI changed their format from adult standards to news/talk, branded as "News Talk 1400 &amp; 94.5".
WKBI operates a translator on 94.5 with the call sign W233BS-FM 250 watts output.

</doc>
<doc id="7017218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017218" title="S. S. Chakravarthy">
S. S. Chakravarthy

S. Shajahan Chakravarthy (; died 29 April 2023) was an Indian film producer in Tamil cinema. He produced a number of Tamil films through his production company, NIC Arts. Most of his films starred actor Ajith Kumar. His son Johnny (also known as Imran Chakravarthy) debuted as an actor in "Renigunta", which he produced, along with Johnny's subsequent film, "18 Vayasu." Chakravarthy also had a daughter, Shakeel Nila Chakravarthy.
Death.
Chakravarthy died on 29 April 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="7017225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017225" title="Mini Disk">
Mini Disk



</doc>
<doc id="7017228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017228" title="Memory stick duo">
Memory stick duo



</doc>
<doc id="7017229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017229" title="Mini Disc">
Mini Disc



</doc>
<doc id="7017238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017238" title="Bhagawat Purana">
Bhagawat Purana



</doc>
<doc id="7017252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017252" title="Basic people's courts">
Basic people's courts



</doc>
<doc id="7017254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017254" title="Clarence Royce">
Clarence Royce

Clarence V. Royce is a fictional character in the HBO series "The Wire" played by Glynn Turman.
Season 3.
Clarence V. Royce is the Mayor of Baltimore whose first appearance is at the demolition of the Franklin Terrace housing projects as a means of demonstrating reform throughout Baltimore. The election is approaching and Parker notices the increasing influence of Councilman Tommy Carcetti and deduces that he may be planning to run for mayor. Royce initially scoffs at the possibility of Carcetti becoming Mayor, believing it is not possible for a white candidate to be elected in a predominantly black city. Royce senses that Carcetti will use the rising crime rate to attack his record.
Royce calls on Burrell to reduce the felony rate citywide, and orders the BPD to reduce felonies by a minimum of 5% in each district and keep the murder rate below 275 for the year in order to counter Carcetti's campaign. When crime rates begin to rise, Parker and Watkins urge Royce to fire Burrell as police commissioner. Royce finds himself caught between Burrell and the decent State's Attorney Steven Demper, both of whom have been loyal to the mayor. When Watkins helps Marla Daniels take the seat of Royce loyalist Eunetta Perkins on the City Council, Royce holds up her husband's promotion and supports Perkins.
Royce's propensity to put his career ahead of the needs of the city creates political enemies. Carcetti seizes on Royce's unwillingness to divert funds into a witness protection scheme, drawing the support of Watkins and other black politicians. A black politician, Tony Gray, runs against Royce on the platform of education reform. Gray suggests that Carcetti run as his vice-mayor. Carcetti launches his own campaign hoping Gray's campaign will split the city's black vote.
When Royce's office gets wind of the existence of drug-tolerant zones set up in West Baltimore by BPD Major Howard "Bunny" Colvin, collectively known as "Hamsterdam", Parker again advises the mayor to fire Burrell. However, seeing the drop in crime citywide, Royce is initially open-minded about Hamsterdam. Parker and Watkins realize that such a decision would be disastrous for Royce, earning the loss of the black community's support and the ridicule of the government. Despite their concerns, Demper and several public health officials support keeping Hamsterdam open.
Burrell comes to believe that Royce is using Hamsterdam to make a power play against the BPD, and leaks information about the zones to Carcetti and the press. In the wake of the public outcry against Hamsterdam, Royce regrets his prior support. Burrell then threatens to go public with Royce's lack of action over Hamsterdam, demanding a full term as BPD Commissioner. Needing Burrell's clout to deal with the City Council, Royce caves to Burrell's blackmail against Watkins' wishes. However, Royce and Parker secretly agree to fire Burrell once they win re-election.
Season 4.
Royce's re-election campaign is a well-oiled machine. Parker is an effective fundraiser and Royce is booked into many high-profile speaking opportunities with property developers to push his motto of reform and development. Royce receives massive contributions and fundraising help from developer Andy Krawczyk. He retains State Senator Clay Davis as his deputy campaign chairman. Royce is given more reason to be displeased with Burrell when these key political figures's records are subpoenaed by the BPD's Major Case Unit.
An outraged Davis tells Royce that he never asks where his money comes from, implying that its origin is illicit, and warns that he should be protected if Royce wants continued funding for the campaign. Royce displays this anger to Burrell, who assures that there will be no more surprises within his department.
Royce has an adulterous relationship with one of his secretaries, and at one point, his new driver Herc catches the secretary giving Royce oral sex. He later checks with Parker to see who Herc's friends are in the BPD and considers having him reassigned. Royce then talks with Herc, asking his career goals in the department and why he chose to work on the mayoral security detail. When Herc claims he did it to move up on the sergeants list, Royce immediately calls Burrell to have him promoted as a reward for his silence.
Royce's campaign receives its first major setback in the debates. Carcetti drops a bombshell on Royce when he uses news of a recently killed state's witness in an answer, taking the opportunity to accuse Royce of ignoring his request for witness protection in Baltimore. Royce is unaware of the killing and unable to respond adequately. Royce's campaign then goes downhill as Carcetti grasps a sizeable number of black voters.
Royce gets more angered when Burrell fails to successfully downplay the witness investigation and promises to fire him at Parker's request following an election victory. Furthermore, Royce's relationship with Watkins becomes frayed over his support for both Daniels and Perkins, his appeasement of the developers, and his illegal campaign contributions. Watkins also believes that Royce disregards the black community, cynically using Marcus Garvey-inspired campaign posters to win their vote.
The mayor's security detail leaks the news of Royce and Watkins' falling out to Deputy Commissioner William Rawls, who believes that Carcetti can do better things for the BPD. After Watkins lends his support to Carcetti, Royce loses the election. He appears to have taken his loss in stride, though; following his defeat, he and Carcetti reconcile amicably.
It is mentioned by Parker that after leaving the Mayor's office, Royce is considering mounting a primary challenge to Congressman Elijah Cummings, but it is not clear if he actually launches a campaign.
Season 5.
Royce speaks at a rally in support of Davis, who is facing a grand jury investigation.
Relationships.
Through Royce's depiction on the show, his relationships with various subordinates and groups is shown in a differing manner. Mayor Royce is shown having a good relationship with Property Developers, a bad relationship with Commissioner Burrell and Councilmen Carcetti and Gray, and a circumstantial relationship with other various characters whom he interacts with on the show.
Property developers.
Mayor Royce cares greatly about those who fund his campaign as he seeks re-election through development and reform of a decayed city. Royce is quick to protect developers such as Andy Krawczyk who own development agencies and contribute heavily to his office. In turn, Royce overrides their permits to be approved by power of the Mayor's office regardless of opposition to developing in a specific area. The Grainery in Season 2 which IBS members were fighting to keep is an example.
Every month, Royce held a poker game where the developers' losses, most of which occurred by purposeful folds, would go into Mayor Royce's pockets to buy influence throughout Baltimore City's residents and politicians. Royce also is seen showing support for Senator Clay Davis, a corrupt politician who receives illegal money that contributes heavily to the support of the city administration offices. As Royce's campaign is dependent on developer money, he is stated to be "in bed with every developer" having their security as a paramount concern of his.
Police and State's Attorney's office.
As Mayor Royce's office is viewed as being soft on crime by the public safety subcommittee, Royce is extremely critical of the Baltimore Police Department often blaming Commissioner Ervin Burrell solely for the department's problems. Other politicians such as Odell Watkins view Burrell as merely the "hack" of the ministers and often pass down the negative criticism of the department to the mayor's office. To improve his office's view on crime, Royce pressures Burrell to reduce it by any means necessary as a means of being re-elected.
The pressure causes Burrell to relieve two of his majors Marvin Taylor and Howard Colvin, two black district commanders whose districts' uncontrollable drug trade made them unable to reduce crime by conventional methods instructed to them by the department's upper command. Burrell was quick to criticize his own subordinates in order to protect Royce from the City Council. Because of this, Royce initially values Burrell's loyalty but is later angered by the department for issuing subpoenas against election fundraisers and making the public aware of the murder of a dead state's witness. Royce looks from there to fire Burrell upon re-election and promote William Rawls to the BPD Commissioner.
Royce is also criticized for keeping Steven Demper, the Maryland State's Attorney for Baltimore City on his campaign ticket as Demper is more interested in his elected position then pursuing justice. Demper, like Burrell is valued for his loyalty and keeps his post under Royce's rule. Following the election, Royce and Demper both lose however and a new front office consisting of former Councilman Thomas Carcetti and State's Attorney Rupert Bond take their places respectively.
Relationship with city council and politicians.
Royce generally relies on Chief of Staff Coleman Parker and Delegate Watkins to help him remain eye to eye with city council members. Royce appreciates loyalty from city politicians keeping them on his campaign ticket even when their position is questionably granted. He is shown being hammered by Baltimore City Council members Tony Gray and Thomas Carcetti for the decay of the city due to the rise in crime and decline in quality of public education.
To appease the two of them, especially Carcetti whom he views as a threat to his chair, Royce criticizes Ervin Burrell and other public figures pressuring them to meet the council's demands if for any other reason to guarantee re-election. It is noted early in Season 3 that Royce receives no support from the first district represented by Carcetti as it is a predominantly white ethnic area in Southeastern Baltimore which has a history for voting against black politicians. When Royce is questioned about witness protection from Carcetti, Odell Watkins assists Carcetti in obtaining the matching funds, but Royce ignores the council's pleas which eventually result in becoming a problem in his campaign.
Royce also finds conflict with Watkins in the city's eleventh district for keeping incumbent councilwoman Eunetta Perkins on his ticket. Royce eventually lies to Watkins promising to drop her for Watkins' protégé Marla Daniels, but keeps Perkins on the ticket anyway. This causes a split from Delegate Watkins who is the kingmaker essential in keeping Royce in line with the council members.
Coleman Parker remains loyal to Royce up until the election where following the loss, he plans to help a new candidate from Maryland's Eastern Shore with Carcetti's Chief of Staff Norman Wilson. Royce also relies heavily on West Baltimore State Senator Clay Davis who when properly positioned is an instrumental player in gaining the necessary votes from specifically needed people. Davis' loyalty however is circumstant to bribery and those who protect him from criminal investigations.
Relationship with voters.
Following Royce's introduction in Season 3, city voters are angered by the rise in crime and other negative attributes from Royce's office. Royce appeases the voters through criticizing and threatening to demote his subordinates such as Burrell to make the city look better. Royce is actually more concerned about creating a good image amongst city voters temporarily as a means of winning the election and is not as concerned about having his office create good permanent changes that occur based on the voter's actual needs.
To win against Tommy Carcetti and Tony Gray, Royce plays the race card in the election in Season 4 relying on Baltimore's black majority to vote for him. Royce's office figures that with their funding, Carcetti's race, black flag campaign colors, and Marcus Garvey posters that Royce appears as the best candidate amongst black voters. Odell Watkins however sees through Royce's scheme pointing out that his interest in the voters' safety is not as high as his interest in the property developers' security causing him to move his support to Tommy Carcetti which becomes the turning point during re-election.
Relationship with family.
Royce is shown to be married in Season 4 but is caught in an adulterous affair with a female secretary by Officer Thomas "Herc" Hauk. After establishing Herc's loyalty, Royce grants him a promotion and keeps his affair secret. Royce's wife appears accompanying him to church on the Sunday before the election.

</doc>
<doc id="7017261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017261" title="Blalock-Taussig">
Blalock-Taussig



</doc>
<doc id="7017263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017263" title="Bayaguana">
Bayaguana

Bayaguana is a municipality ("municipio") of the Monte Plata province in the Dominican Republic.
As of the Dominican Republic's 2002 census, the municipality had a total population of 34,786 inhabitants, of which 19,001 resided in urban areas and 15,785 in rural areas. A growing community of American Teachers have taken refuge in Bayaguana due to its climate and pace of life, such as the niece of the late business woman, Mellysa Sherony. They benefit the community by providing American style lectures, while learning about the local culture and language.
History.
Bayaguana was founded in 1606, when Spain resettled colonists from the northern and western part of Hispaniola closer to Santo Domingo, under the government eviction programme known as the devastations of Osorio. Spanish colonists from La Yaguana and Bayajá (present-day Léogâne and Fort-Liberté, Haiti) were resettled in the town. The economy is centered on cattle-ranching and pineapple and rice farming.
Economy.
It operates the agricultural line, as well as part of its land is sown with sugar cane, pineapple and natural pastures for food for the cattle that it has in abundance.
A site of great tourist attraction is located near the town of Bayaguana. It is the Salto de Comate, in the river of the same name, where hundreds of people flock every day to enjoy a bath in its cold waters. There are also the spas of Comatillo, in Comatillo, Salto Alto, in Sierra de Agua, among others. In turn, part of one of the main national parks, Los Haitises National Park, is located in Bayaguana.

</doc>
<doc id="7017266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017266" title="Daryl Sutch">
Daryl Sutch

Daryl Sutch (born 11 September 1971) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender
He spent the majority of his career with Norwich City, where he made 302 league appearances for the club with several seasons being spent in the Premier League. He also played in the UEFA Cup for the Canaries. He also briefly played in the Football League with Southend United before retiring following a period with Boston United.
Playing career.
Sutch came through the youth system at Norwich and made his first team debut in October 1990 at Carrow Road in a League Cup match against Watford. Sutch began his career as a midfielder, however as his career went on he played in defence and was a full-back for his last few seasons with Norwich. His last appearance for the club came at the end of the 2001–02 season, when he came on as a substitute in the Division One play-off final against Birmingham City at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium. City lost the match on penalties and Sutch, along with Philip Mulryne, was one of the two Norwich players who missed their spot-kicks. The start of the following season saw Sutch out of the first team picture and his contract was terminated by manager Nigel Worthington in January 2003.
After leaving Norwich, Sutch played briefly for Southend United, scoring once against Hartlepool, and Boston United. After being released by those clubs, he played for a series of local sides in Norfolk.
Personal life.
Sutch is a member of the Norwich City F.C. Hall of Fame and was awarded a testimonial match against AZ Alkmaar by the club in 1999. By 2013, he was working as an estate agent in Norwich.

</doc>
<doc id="7017268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017268" title="The Flame Knife">
The Flame Knife

The Flame Knife is a 1955 fantasy novella by American writers Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp, featuring Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was revised by de Camp from Howard's original story, a then-unpublished oriental tale featuring Francis X. Gordon titled "Three-Bladed Doom". De Camp changed the names of the characters, added the fantastic element, and recast the setting into Howard's Hyborian Age. The story was first published in the hardbound collection "Tales of Conan" (Gnome Press, 1955), and subsequently appeared in the paperback collection "Conan the Wanderer" (Lancer Books, 1968), as part of which it has been translated into German, Japanese, Spanish, Dutch, and Italian. It was published by itself in paperback book form by Ace Books in 1981, in an edition profusely illustrated by Esteban Maroto.
Plot summary.
Conan, leader of a band of Kozaki mercenaries in the service of King Kobad of Iranistan, quarrels with his employer over the king's command to capture Balash, chief of the Kushafi nomads and Conan's friend. Instead, Conan has his men warn the Kushafi. In the Gorge of Ghosts, the two armies are attacked by members of the Sons of Yezm, a cult of assassins whose symbol is the Flame Knife. The cultists kidnap Nanaia, Conan's current girlfriend. The Cimmerian tracks them to their stronghold, where he becomes embroiled in a conflict with his old rival Olgerd Vladislav, an opponent first encountered in Howard's story "A Witch Shall be Born".

</doc>
<doc id="7017271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017271" title="Norman Wilson (The Wire)">
Norman Wilson (The Wire)

Norman Wilson is a fictional character on the HBO drama "The Wire", played by Reg E. Cathey. Wilson is a professional political operative and works closely with ambitious politician Tommy Carcetti. The character first appeared in the show's fourth season premiere "Boys of Summer" and Cathey is part of the starring cast for the fourth and fifth seasons.
Biography.
Wilson is a professional political operative. He was previously a night editor at "The Baltimore Sun" and was much loved by his reporters. He has a professional, savvy and honest presence. He grew up in Catonsville, a southwestern Baltimore County suburb of Baltimore.
Season four.
Wilson serves as Councilman Tommy Carcetti's deputy campaign manager in his run for Mayor of Baltimore, under campaign manager Theresa D'Agostino. He is an honest voice in Carcetti's campaign and is often the sounding board for Carcetti's worries about race in Baltimore politics. When the poll results do not go in Carcetti's favor, Carcetti assumes he will lose and becomes uninterested in the campaign. Wilson is left to keep his candidate on track despite his pessimism.
After Carcetti wins the Democratic primary and subsequent election, Wilson continues to serve as Carcetti's right-hand man, accompanying the newly elected Mayor everywhere he goes. Wilson becomes disillusioned with Carcetti when he puts his own ambition above the needs of the city. He talks with Clarence Royce's former advisor, Coleman Parker, and muses about managing the campaign of another up-and-coming politician on the Eastern Shore of Maryland.
Season five.
Despite his misgivings, Wilson remains on Carcetti's staff as the Mayor struggles with a budget crisis while planning his run for governor. Carcetti is aware of Wilson's feelings about his decision but still seeks his counsel. When BPD Commissioner Ervin Burrell delivers altered crime rate statistics, Carcetti seizes his chance to fire him and hopes to eventually replace him with Cedric Daniels; Carcetti instructs Wilson to leak the story to test the waters. Wilson contacts Gus Haynes, a friend from "The Sun", and gives him the details along with a photograph of Daniels.
When the truth of Jimmy McNulty's "homeless killer" is revealed, Wilson expresses a forlorn wish that he was still a journalist at "The Sun" "so I could write on this mess. It's too fucking good." He is present when Carcetti wins the gubernatorial election and becomes governor of Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="7017272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017272" title="Party of bahia blanca">
Party of bahia blanca



</doc>
<doc id="7017285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017285" title="Intermediate people's courts">
Intermediate people's courts



</doc>
<doc id="7017289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017289" title="The Best of 'Allo 'Allo!">
The Best of 'Allo 'Allo!

The Best of 'Allo 'Allo! was broadcast on 17 August 1994, two years after the ending of the BBC sitcom "'Allo 'Allo!", to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the broadcast of the first series. By the time of this broadcast, the actual pilot for the series had aired nearly 12 years earlier.
The 50-minute episode is a mixture of new footage and archive footage from past episodes.
Plot.
The episode is set some time after the end of the war. No date is given, but clearly it's before the last regular episode (where René elopes with Yvette).
René and Edith are in the Alps celebrating Edith's 35th birthday – Edith has knocked the war years off her true age, including World War I and the Crimean War! This event brings them to remember the incidents which took place during World War II; in particular the events which took place in their hometown of Nouvion.
What follows is a collection of highlights from the show's eighty-five episodes, interwoven with Edith and René's reminiscences. A complete list of the archive footage:
At the end of the episode, René and Edith re-affirm their love for each other; the archive clip of them singing "When You Were Sweet Sixteen" together (5.18) is shown; and the final scene is of them clinking champagne glasses together.
The familiar "You have been watching" credits roll at the end of the episode, crediting every actor who played in the show, as well as the directors and producers.

</doc>
<doc id="7017290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017290" title="Panemune">
Panemune



</doc>
<doc id="7017291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017291" title="Secretary Cortelyou">
Secretary Cortelyou



</doc>
<doc id="7017300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017300" title="Henry Burr Sherwood">
Henry Burr Sherwood

Henry Burr Sherwood (2 February 1829 – 27 October 1906) was an inventor, miller, and farmer in Westport, Connecticut.
He played a notable role in the 19th-century economy of the Westport area, including owning and operating the Compo Tide Mill (see Mill Cove Historic District). He invented a farming implement important for the local onion-growing economy of the Westport/Fairfield area and established in 1857 a onion farm on the west side of Sherwood Mill Pond at 180 Hillspoint Road in Westport.
The Sherwood family of Westport.
Henry Burr Sherwood was born in 1829 into the Sherwood family of Connecticut's Sherwood Island State Park fame. He was an eighth-generation Sherwood and a nephew of the Sherwood ship captain triplets, Francis, Franklin, and Frederick, famous for their roles running clipper ships in the China trade.
The Sherwood family originally settled in Fairfield County from Ipswich, England, in 1634. A descendant, Daniel (b. 1761), built a homestead on Sherwood Island, east of today's Sherwood Mill Pond, and married Catherine Burr. Their son, Daniel (b. 1794), was the father of Henry Burr Sherwood (b. 1829), and built the house currently standing at 160 Hillspoint Road.
Henry married Julie Guyer of Westport, the daughter of a neighboring farmer. They had two children, Etta M. (b. 1862) and Rollin G. (b. 1869).
Compo Tide Mill.
Henry Burr Sherwood owned and operated the Compo Tide Mill. In 1991, the Mill Cove, the area immediately surrounding the location of the Compo Tide Mill, was declared a National Historic District.
The Sherwood Mill Pond at Compo Cove is a large tidal pond that was significant to the settlement and historical development pattern of the local Westport / Compo / Greens Farms area. The tidal flow from Long Island Sound was a significant source of power in the 18th century, leading to the construction of one of the earliest grist mills in the area (rights granted ca. 1705 by the town of Fairfield). The tidal pond also hosted fertile and productive oyster beds. The original grist mill was built by John Cable, but by 1790 had been acquired and rebuilt by Sherwood family members to serve local farmers. Henry's father Daniel and uncle Ebenezer improved the mill by erecting a substantial breakwater, wharves, and sluice gates.
Henry Burr Sherwood acquired a 3/4 interest in the tide mill for $1,500 in 1853. In the following years, he acquired additional properties surrounding the mill pond: of salt meadows and on the west side of the mill pond.
The mill specialized in grinding kiln-dried corn meal for shipment to New York and to the West Indies. Coasting and packet vessels came into Compo Cove and loaded at the tide mill. The mill also had a cooperage for manufacturing the barrels used in shipping. The 1860 census showed Henry using skilled labor from England to help operate the mill.
Demand for milling of corn and other grains declined as the Westport farm economy began transitioning to onion farming just prior to the Civil War. Henry worked during the post-Civil War years to keep the mill running by importing, grinding, and shipping baryte, a mineral with a number of industrial uses. The Compo Tide Mill was destroyed by fire in 1895.
Inventor and onion farmer.
Onion farming began in the Westport area in the 1840s. Onions were a cash crop aided by the inexpensive transportation provided by Westport's location on the Saugatuck River and Long Island Sound. The Civil War drove increased demand for onions; pickled onions were used by the Union Army to reduce scurvy.

</doc>
<doc id="7017303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017303" title="B-94">
B-94



</doc>
<doc id="7017307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017307" title="Robert S Newman">
Robert S Newman



</doc>
<doc id="7017309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017309" title="B 94">
B 94



</doc>
<doc id="7017310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017310" title="Invicta (company)">
Invicta (company)

Invicta is an Italian outdoor accessories company and trademark founded in 1906 in England. The company is mostly known for its multi-colored backpacks. Products commercialised also include clothing (t-shirts, polo shirts, hoodies, jackets), and footwear (sneakers).
Overview.
It was bought by a Turin enterprise in 1921, and acquired by Diadora in 1998. Diadora sold off the company in 2006 to Seven Spa. In 2001 it was reported that Invicta and Seven Spa backpacks were the best-selling backpacks in Italy. In 1994 it was reported that 85% of Milanese students used Invicta backpacks.

</doc>
<doc id="7017318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017318" title="Abdullah ibn Masu'd">
Abdullah ibn Masu'd



</doc>
<doc id="7017321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017321" title="Sounds of the 60s">
Sounds of the 60s

Sounds of the 60s is a long-running Saturday morning programme on BBC Radio 2 that features recordings of popular music made in the 1960s. It was first broadcast on 12 February 1983 and introduced by Keith Fordyce, who had been the first presenter of the TV show "Ready Steady Go!" in 1963. From March 1990 until February 2017, the presenter was Brian Matthew. Tony Blackburn has hosted the show since 4 March 2017.
Presenters.
In the mid 1980s, the format changed and each week the programme was presented by a different artist from the 1960s. Many famous names were involved, including: Alvin Stardust, Eddy Grant, Herb Alpert, Graham Nash, Frankie Valli, Bob Gaudio, Tom Jones, Neil Sedaka, Donovan, Mike Stoller, Bruce Welch, Duane Eddy, Bill Medley, Roy Wood, Mike Berry, David Crosby and many more. "I Love SOTS" car stickers were given free to listeners.
In 1987, the then producer Stuart Hobday re-discovered Simon Dee, the first voice heard on Radio Caroline in 1964, and persuaded him to present a listeners' all-time-favourite Top 20 which was broadcast on Boxing Day 1987. The response from the public was so great that Dee was initially asked to host the show as a guest presenter, before being booked for a four-month run from April until July 1988. His success led him to take over the show on a permanent basis in September 1988, but this only lasted six months and it came to an end in March 1989. Dee's constant demands for the show to be broadcast live and to move from Bristol to London, along with a growing list of complaints to BBC management, meant that his contract was not renewed.
Subsequently Brian Matthew, who had introduced "Saturday Club" on the BBC Light Programme, later BBC Radio 1, until 1969, took over as regular presenter.
Brian Matthew.
Matthew first presented "Sounds of the 60s" on 31 March 1990, following the end of his stint on "Round Midnight" and was still doing so until November 2016, more than 26 years after he took over. His place was taken temporarily between September 2006 and February 2007, during periods of illness, by former Radio Caroline and BBC Radio 1 disc jockey Johnnie Walker (and, during Walker's own absence in December 2006, by three guest presenters: Sandie Shaw, Joe Brown and Suzi Quatro). Matthew returned on 10 February 2007, revealing that his prolonged absence had been due to a viral infection contracted while in hospital for a routine operation. Matthew was also absent due to illness in October 2011 and November 2016 – February 2017, with lyricist Tim Rice replacing him on both occasions. A "Sounds of the 60s" CD was released in November 2011. On 28 March 2015, Matthew presented a 25th anniversary show. In it, he selected ten of his favourite songs of the 1960s and there were tributes from Ray Davies, Helen Shapiro, Paul Jones, Marty Wilde and Petula Clark. On 27 January 2017, the BBC announced that Matthew would be retiring from presenting the show, due to ill health. In February 2017, it was announced that Tony Blackburn would be taking over the show from March that year.
Features of the show.
Matthew made the programme very much his own and turned it into something of a cult, one aspect being its very own slang: "SOTS" (acronym of the title); "avids" (listeners); "the Vocalist" (the show's producer, Roger Bowman and, later, Phil Swern, "the Collector"). Under Matthew, the two-hour programme was divided into one-hour "sides" (called Side 1 and Side 2) and the names of those listeners whose requests were to be played used to be announced at the start of each "side"; now the names of the artists requested are announced instead. There were also well-researched features, such as an "A to Z of the Beatles" (recordings of which were repeated during the shows from which Matthew was absent, to maintain his presence in the programme) and initially "SOTS" T-shirts for listeners whose record requests were played. Later, "SOTS" baseball caps and "SOTS" sweatshirts were given to successful requesters, but this practice ceased in 2009. Although the playlist was almost entirely restricted to music recorded in the 1960s, so-called "roots records" from the 1950s were also featured, while recordings from earlier decades that re-entered the charts in the 1960s were also eligible. Its theme tune from the inception of the show until the end of the Matthew era was the 1963 instrumental "Foot Tapper" by the Shadows. Its final appearance as the show's closing theme was on 15 April 2017, when Matthew's successor, Tony Blackburn, played it in tribute following Matthew's death the previous week.
From 2007 to his death in 2024, the show's producer was Phil Swern, whom Matthew had nicknamed "The Collector", joined in 2017 by Tom Du Croz. Mollie Davidson and Tony Blackburn now compile and produce the show.
It was during Swern's time on the show that the "Playing Hard to Get" feature was introduced into the Matthew era of the show. Listeners who wanted a copy of a record they had lost over the years could request a CD of that song and, if successful, were sent a special "SOTS" CD of the track after it had been played on the show. When Matthew left the show, requests were dropped.
Tony Blackburn has been hosting the show since 4 March 2017. The show is currently broadcast live between 6am and 8am on Saturdays. New features of the show have included "America's Top 3", "Magic Moments", "60s into the 70s", the "A-Z of Motown", "Tony's Doo-Wop Shop", "Northern Soul Dancefloor Fillers", "Stuck on Two", "Classic EPs" and "Phil Swern's Colossal Collection".
During an early part of the COVID-19 pandemic, the show temporarily returned to being pre-recorded, with Blackburn recording it from his home. During this time, Blackburn changed the format of the show, with more listener requests being played. 
On 10 April 2021, "Sounds of the 60s" was cancelled due to the death of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, the previous day. The show returned live on 24 April 2021.
Related shows.
For several years in the 1990s and a couple of years in the 2010s, Radio 2 carried a complementary show of music from the 1950s, "Sounds of the 50s", which was presented by singer and entertainer Ronnie Hilton and later by Leo Green. Since the 2000s, there has also been "Sounds of the 70s", a title first used in 1970 for a daily late-night show of "progressive" music on Radio 1. Radio 2's version of "Sounds of the 70s" was presented by singer-songwriter Steve Harley, Radio DJ Johnnie Walker, and now by Bob Harris. "Sounds of the 80s" was launched on Radio 2 on 5 October 2013, was presented by Sara Cox and now by Gary Davies. "Sounds of the 90s" was launched on 19 March 2020 and is presented by Fearne Cotton.
Other similar series (BBC Television).
A number of series have been made under the "Sounds of..." name for BBC Television, which mix performances from the BBC's music archives with clips from various decades. "Sounds of the Sixties" was first broadcast on BBC2 on 5 October 1991, with an episode called "The First Steps", which featured performances from acts such as the Beatles, Gerry and the Pacemakers and the Rolling Stones, along with puppets Pinky and Perky doing the twist. Due to the nature of the BBC's 1960s "Top of the Pops" archive, the series compiled each episode from a wide range of BBC programmes such as cutting-edge pop show "The Beat Room" and children's programmes like "Blue Peter" and "Crackerjack!"
"Sounds of the Seventies" followed on from "Sounds of the Sixties" in 1993, with a second series of ten programmes called "Sounds of the 70s 2" made in 2012. On 12 January 1996, an eight-part series called "Sounds of the Eighties" was first shown by BBC2, with the first episode featuring Duran Duran, Culture Club, ABC, Bananarama and Kylie Minogue. All these four series have been repeated many times on BBC Four, with the programmes also being used by UKTV's Yesterday channel as part of their Saturday night music programming block.

</doc>
<doc id="7017328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017328" title="Atomic radii of the elements">
Atomic radii of the elements



</doc>
<doc id="7017331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017331" title="The Sweetest Thing (I've Ever Known)">
The Sweetest Thing (I've Ever Known)

"The Sweetest Thing (I've Ever Known)" is a country-pop song written by Otha Young for Juice Newton in the mid-1970s. Newton was known for charting hits on the Hot 100, Adult Contemporary, and Hot Country charts - and this song has the distinction of being the only single of hers to reach the top 10 on all three of those charts, peaking at #1 on two of them.
History.
"The Sweetest Thing (I've Ever Known)" was originally recorded and released in 1975 on Juice Newton &amp; Silver Spur's debut album, "Juice Newton and Silver Spur" (RCA). The 1975 version was not issued as a single, although it was the B-side of two official singles and was issued as a promotional single to U.S. radio stations. In the meantime, Dottsy recorded a version in 1976 and took it to No. 86 on the country music charts and used it as the title track to her album "The Sweetest Thing".
After becoming a solo artist, Newton re-recorded the song for her 1981 album, the star-making "Juice", which was Newton's third solo album and featured three of her biggest pop hits: "The Sweetest Thing (I've Ever Known)", "Angel of the Morning" and "Queen of Hearts".
In early 1982, "The Sweetest Thing (I've Ever Known)" reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart, No. 1 on the "Billboard" country chart, and No. 7 on the "Billboard" pop chart, where it remained in the Top 40 for eighteen weeks. The single is the only of Juice Newton's to reach the Top 10 on all three charts. On Billboard's year-end Top 40 chart, the song charted at No. 21 of all the singles of 1982. The music video for the song was filmed in New York City.
The first pressings of the "Juice" album featured a different arrangement of the song, with a more prominent steel guitar part and no oboe. After the unexpected crossover success of "Angel of the Morning" and "Queen of Hearts", a pop version was mixed and replaced the country version on all future pressings of the album. The revamped version was also used for the single (which, somewhat ironically, became her first No. 1 Country Single). The 1981 country version can be found on the United Kingdom best-of CD "Country Classics" and BGO's two-CD "Juice/Quiet Lies/Dirty Looks" boxed set.

</doc>
<doc id="7017347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017347" title="World (sports)">
World (sports)



</doc>
<doc id="7017352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017352" title="Groups of Spanish autonomous communities">
Groups of Spanish autonomous communities



</doc>
<doc id="7017362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017362" title="Sounds of the Sixties">
Sounds of the Sixties



</doc>
<doc id="7017363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017363" title="Komiks Episodes">
Komiks Episodes



</doc>
<doc id="7017368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017368" title="Damen">
Damen

Damen is German for "Ladies". More specifically, it may refer to:
Chicago Transit Authority stations.
Four stations on Damen Avenue (named after Father Arnold Damen)

</doc>
<doc id="7017372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017372" title="Pashalic">
Pashalic



</doc>
<doc id="7017374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017374" title="Sounds of the '60s">
Sounds of the '60s



</doc>
<doc id="7017380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017380" title="Ariel lin">
Ariel lin



</doc>
<doc id="7017388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7017388" title="Rama Lake">
Rama Lake

Rama Lake can be:

</doc>
