<doc id="7019625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019625" title="Ferdinand Ochsenheimer">
Ferdinand Ochsenheimer

Ferdinand Ochsenheimer (17 March 1767 – 2 November 1822) was a German actor and entomologist (lepidopterist).
Life.
Ochsenheimer was born and brought up in Mainz (then in the Electorate of Mainz) and began to show an interest in butterflies and moths in his early youth. At the age of twelve he was apprenticed with a saddler but when his intellectual abilities were recognized friends of his father's enabled him to study natural history at the university. On 16 September 1788 he received his degree of "Doktor der Philosophie". He found employment as an educator with Stadtkommandant von Dallwigh in Mannheim, then with Baron von Reipelt.
In Mannheim Ochsenheimer wrote his first stage comedies ("Er soll sich schlagen", "Der Brautschatz"). At the age of 27 he decided to follow a career as an actor and entered into Quandt's troupe of actors in Bayreuth. His first appearance was on 12 November 1794 as Flickwort in Gotter's "Schwarzer Mann". After trying his hand in several fields – he was engaged as an opera tenor for a while – he finally committed himself to acting after successes as Gebhard in "Portrait der Mutter" and as Fallbring in "Dienstpflicht". In 1796 he responded to a call from the Döbbelinsche Bühne (Döbbelin stage) in Stargard. On his way he stayed in Leipzig where he performed at the kürfürstliches Hoftheater (prince-elector's court theatre) as Fallbring and as Stepanoff with the result that he was immediately engaged. So after fulfilling his obligations in Stargard and in Frankfurt/Oder he came to Dresden in early 1797 and became one of the most popular members of an actor company that played alternately in Leipzig and in Dresden.
In 1798 symptoms of stress and overstrain began to manifest themselves and his doctor recommended more exercise. Taking long walks in the country Ochsenheimer's interest in lepidopterology was rekindled "and without noticing it he had, in seeking recovery from one task, taken over another, not less laborious one." Around this time he made the acquaintance of playwright Friedrich Treitschke who was returning from Switzerland to Leipzig and who shared both his interest in acting and in lepidopterology. In 1801 Ochsenheimer played Talbot in Schiller's "Die Jungfrau von Orleans" (The Maid of Orleans) with Schiller attending the performance of 17 September and praising Ochsenheimer's accomplishment. He was now offered guest parts at most major theatres in the German-speaking countries.
In 1802 during a guest performance at the Königliches Hoftheater (royal court theatre) in Berlin he met Jakob Heinrich Laspeyres who encouraged him to publish parts of his entomological journals. Although he went to work immediately he planned the book at such a scale that it was not until 1805 that the first part, the natural history of the butterflies of Saxony, was published. Due to problems with the editor he was forced to discontinue the work and began an even more detailed treatment under the title "Die Schmetterlinge von Europa" (The Lepidoptera of Europe). In the same year he made a tour to Mannheim and Mainz and also to Frankfurt where he used all his spare time to work in the famous collection of Johann Christian Gerning. In December he was invited to Berlin and again exchanged views and experiences with Laspeyres.
In May 1807 he played twelve guest parts in Wien (Vienna) where Treitschke meanwhile held a position at the k.-k. Hoftheater (imperial-royal court theatre) and would have liked to permanently engage Ochsenheimer. To achieve this Treitschke travelled to Dresden in July and succeeded in negotiating a discontinuation of Ochsenheimer's contract with the Dresden stage. In November 1807 Ochsenheimer came to Wien and that same year the first volume of "Die Schmetterlinge von Europa" appeared. Although it could be called a greatly enlarged and revised version of the "Butterflies of Saxony" it did contain many new facts and included several new species which Ochsenheimer had received from Portugal by Hoffmannsegg, found in Viennese collections (from southern France and Russia) and in the Gerning collection. As he was not fully employed from the start in Wien he could complete the second volume (Sphingidae, Zygaenidae, Sesiidae) in 1808. That year Treitsche was forced to cut down on his workload for reasons of health, began to take up lepidopterology again and became Ochsenheimer's companion on many excursions. In 1810 the third volume (larger "macro-moths" including Psychidae) was published. Ochsenheimer purchased the Radda collection, Treitschke bought a small collection, and both were combined. With this basis Ochsenheimer went to work at the next volumes "but from 1815 his powers were waning fast." Volume four was completed, with Treitschke's help, in 1816. It contains supplements to the preceding volumes and a draft system of the noctuid moths (Noctuidae) with many new genera. In 1817 Ochsenheimer was instructed to revise the Lepidoptera collections of the k.-k. Hofmuseum (imperial-royal court museum), a task which took him more than a year as he included all non-European taxa. His health was deteriorating steadily and in the next volume he wrote only part of the first genus ("Acronicta"); the main work was done by Treitschke. On 23 September 1822 he fainted after a performance in Vienna; on 2 November around 10 p.m. he died.
Actor and entomologist.
Ochsenheimer was an excellent character actor and was compared with Iffland for his facial expression and his pronunciation. In the roles of villains he is said to have been of staggering impact, and excellent as old fogies and pedants. Among his crowning achievements were Gottl. Koke in "Parteiwut", Wurm in "Kabale und Liebe" or Marinelli in "Emilia Galotti". He also published plays, in part under the pseudonym Theobald Unklar. "In private life he was, like most comedians, melancholy, dry, bland, even boring, except when discussing entomological subjects; he also was a misogynist."
The following may be an anecdotal generalisation: "After rehearsal he used to leave the city to collect [butterflies and moths] in the vicinity and returned only shortly before the performance. When he had had a lucky day he played marvellously, moving his audience to frenetic applause. But when he had found little or nothing he was disgruntled and did not rise above mediocrity."
As an entomologist Ochsenheimer was one of the most influential lepidopterists of the early 19th century. His work "Die Schmetterlinge von Europa" was later continued by Friedrich Treitschke and grew to ten volumes. Although not accompanied by figures or plates it contains a wealth of information on the biology and ecology of the species and it includes careful and detailed descriptions of new taxa, among them "Thymelicus lineola" (Hesperiidae), "Polyommatus eros", "Iolana iolas" (Lycaenidae), "Psilogaster loti" (Lasiocampidae), "Hyles zygophylli" (Sphingidae), "Phalera bucephaloides" (Notodontidae), "Hoplodrina superstes", "Polia serratilinea" (Noctuidae), "Pyropteron doryliformis", "Synanthedon cephiformis" (Sesiidae), "Pachythelia villosella" (Psychidae), "Zygaena hilaris", "Zygaena punctum", "Zygaena angelicae" (Zygaenidae) and others.
The Linnean Lepidoptera system had already begun to be subdivided by Fabricius in the late 18th century and Ochsenheimer further refined it by the creation of many new genera. Among them are well-known names like "Zerynthia", "Charaxes", "Endromis", "Aglia", "Gastropacha", "Thyatira", "Notodonta", "Acronicta", "Plusia", "Heliothis", "Amphipyra", "Caradrina", "Cosmia", "Xanthia", "Apamea", "Gortyna", "Nonagria", "Euclidia", "Anarta", "Mamestra", "Polia", "Mythimna", "Orthosia", "Agrotis", "Orgyia", "Colocasia" and others.
Several taxa have been named in Ochsenheimer's honour: the genus "Ochsenheimeria" Hübner, 1825 (Ypsolophidae) and the species "Nemophora ochsenheimerella" (Hübner, 1813), "Pammene ochsenheimeriana" (Lienig &amp; Zeller, 1846) and "Pieris ochsenheimeri" Staudinger, 1886.
Collection.
Ochsenheimer's collection, comprising 3772 specimens, went to the Hungarian National Museum in 1824. During a flood in 1838 it remained submerged for almost two days. Afterwards it was restored and recurated by Emerich von Frivaldszky. After Treitschke's death his collection also came to the Budapest museum.

</doc>
<doc id="7019628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019628" title="Jani Kauppila">
Jani Kauppila

Jani Kauppila (born 16 January 1980, Oulu) is a retired Finnish footballer who played as a midfielder.
Kauppila joined Rangers in January 2001. He made his debut as a sub against Hearts on 3 March 2001, coming on in the 23rd minute before being substituted off at half-time. After four appearances in total Kauppila left Rangers in 2002. He won the Finland Cup with his side FC Haka in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="7019632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019632" title="Garbhagraha">
Garbhagraha



</doc>
<doc id="7019636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019636" title="Kauppila">
Kauppila

Kauppila is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="7019637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019637" title="Maggi Payne">
Maggi Payne

Maggi Payne (born 1945, Texas, United States) is an American composer, flutist, video artist, recording engineer/editor, and historical remastering engineer who creates electroacoustic, instrumental, vocal works, and works involving visuals (video, dance, film, slides).
Early life and education.
Payne was raised in Texas, and attended Interlochen Music Camp and Aspen Music School. She received her B. Mus. in applied flute at Northwestern University, studying with Walfrid Kujala, flute, and Alan Stout, Ted Ashford, and M. William Karlins, composers. She received her M. Mus. at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, studying with composers Gordon Mumma, Ben Johnston, and Salvatore Martirano. She studied with Robert Ashley at Mills College, where she received her MFA in electronic music and recording media.
Career.
She has collaborated since the 1980s with video artist Ed Tannenbaum, composing several works for his "Technological Feets" live dance/video-processing performances and built a flame speaker at the Exploratorium in collaboration with Nick Bertoni (1983–1985). Payne has been a recording engineer at Music and Arts record label since 1981, where she has recorded both contemporary and historical music. Her video works include "Crystal, Io, Circular Motions, Solar Wind, Airwaves (realities), Liquid Metal, Apparent Horizon, Liquid Amber, Effervescence, Cloud Fields," "Quicksilver, and Through the Looking Glass." Her films include "Orion" and "Allusions". Her works involving dance include "System Test (fire and ice)" and "Allusions". Her works have been choreographed by Molissa Fenley, Wendy Rodgers, Gina Gibney, Gail Chodera, Deborah Hay, Carla Blank Reed, and Carolyn Brown.
Payne's works are available on Aguirre, Innova, Root Strata, Lovely Music, Starkland, The Label, Music and Arts, Centaur, Ubuibi, MMC, New World Records (CRI), Digital Narcis, Frog Peak, Asphodel, and/OAR, Capstone, and Mills College labels.
She received two Composer's Grants and an Interdisciplinary Arts Grant from the National Endowment for the Arts, and video grants from the Mellon Foundation and the Western States Regional Media Arts Fellowships Program. She received four honorary mentions from Bourges, one from Prix Ars Electronica, and placed in the Barlow and "Luigi Russolo" per giovani compositor di Musica Elettroacoustica competitions. In 2022 she received the SEAMUS AWARD.
Commissions include 2019 Francisco Lopez for "Through Space and Time", 2018 Berkeley Arts Commission 8 channel installation titled "Immersion, Bay Area Soundscape", 2015 Jacqueline Gordon "BAM", for diffusion over 36 speakers, National Flute Association High School Soloist Competition 2005, flutist Nina Assimakopoulos, pianist Sarah Cahill, trombonist Abbie Conant, Starkland, composer Annea Lockwood, composer/pianist David Mahler, and the Hartt School of Music at Hartford, and several others.
Payne has also had works selected and performed on the 60x60 project for the years 2003, 2004, 2005, and 2006.
She was Co-Director of the Center for Contemporary Music (CCM) at Mills College in Oakland, California from 1992-2018, where she taught recording engineering, composition, and electronic music since the 1980s.
Discography.
Solo releases:
Compilation albums:
As performer:

</doc>
<doc id="7019641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019641" title="Aramine">
Aramine



</doc>
<doc id="7019644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019644" title="Vocationist Sisters">
Vocationist Sisters

The Sisters of the Society of the Divine Vocations, more commonly known as The Vocationist Sisters, is a Congregation of Catholic Sisters founded by Fr. Justin Russolillo in the year 1921. 
They presently work in Italy, France, Brazil, Argentina, United States, the Philippines, India, Nigeria, Madagascar and Indonesia. Their field of work is: apostolate in the parishes, schools and missions aimed at identifying and guiding young people who seem to show signs of divine call to consecrated life.
The Vocationist Sisters take the simple vows of poverty, chastity and obedience. They believe in and practice a strong and steady community life and wear a religious habit.

</doc>
<doc id="7019647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019647" title="Sionko">
Sionko



</doc>
<doc id="7019652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019652" title="Belt transmission">
Belt transmission



</doc>
<doc id="7019655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019655" title="Maunds">
Maunds



</doc>
<doc id="7019657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019657" title="Sisters of the Society of the Divine Vocations">
Sisters of the Society of the Divine Vocations



</doc>
<doc id="7019659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019659" title="The Vocationist Sisters">
The Vocationist Sisters



</doc>
<doc id="7019660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019660" title="Eerola">
Eerola

Eerola is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="7019661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019661" title="Andy Sperandeo">
Andy Sperandeo

Andy Sperandeo (September 1, 1945 – October 2, 2015) was an editorial employee of Kalmbach Publishing's "Model Railroader Magazine" beginning in 1979. He was executive editor after being the magazine's editor previously. He wrote several books on model railroading, including "Easy Model Railroad Wiring", "The Model Railroader's Guide to Freight Yards" and others. Sperandeo's video credits include hosting "Model Railroads In Action: 5 Layouts From Great Model Railroads Magazine" and appearing on two episodes of "Tracks Ahead"; one featured the "Model Railroader" club layout, the Milwaukee, Racine, and Troy Railroad (MR&amp;T) and the other was dedicated to John Allen's Gorre &amp; Daphetid. 
While serving in the U.S. Army in the 1960s, Andy was a frequent operator on the Gorre &amp; Daphetid. One of John Allen's locomotives, No. 34, a 4-10-0 that John kitbashed from parts, resided in his office. He was also an operator on the MR&amp;T while at "Model Railroader". He was building a home layout in HO scale based on the AT&amp;SF (Atchison Topeka &amp; Santa Fe) at Cajon Pass, California, . He retired from being executive editor of Model Railroader in August, 2011, but continued to contribute to the magazine's The Operators column until his death.
Sperandeo died on October 2, 2015, at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="7019664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019664" title="Little Bradley">
Little Bradley

Little Bradley is a small village and civil parish in the West Suffolk district, in the county of Suffolk, England. According to Eilert Ekwall, the meaning of the village name is "the wide clearing." The "Domesday Book" records the population of Little Bradley in 1086 (including Great Bradley) to be 57. It lies in the valley of the River Stour, north of Haverhill. The population at the 2011 Census was included in the civil parish of Great Bradley.
The 11th century Church of All Saints is one of 38 existing round-tower churches in Suffolk. It is a grade I listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="7019668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019668" title="Roseville Public Library">
Roseville Public Library



</doc>
<doc id="7019669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019669" title="Nasik Caves">
Nasik Caves

The Trirashmi Caves, or Nashik Caves or Pandavleni is a holy Buddhist and Jain site and is located about 8 km south of the centre of Nashik (or Nasik), Maharashtra, India. Most of the caves are Viharas except for Cave 18 which is a Chaitya of the 1st century BCE. The style of some of the elaborate pillars or columns, for example in caves 3 and 10, is an important example of the development of the form. Cave 11 at Pandav Leni, is a Jain cave dedicated to Lord Vrishabhanath (Rishabhanatha), the first Tirthankara of Jainism. This cave is an important part of the ancient rock-cut cave complex. The Pandavleni is another name suggested by scholars derived from Pandavas, characters in the Mahabharata epic. As it has many things similar to Hindu culture. Other caves in the area are Karla Caves, Bhaja Caves, Patan Cave and Bedse Caves.
Caves.
These are a group of twenty-four Hinayana Buddhist caves whose excavation was financed by the local Jain Kings. Cave No. 3 is a large vihara or monastery with some interesting sculptures. Cave No. 10 is also a vihara and almost identical in design to Cave No. 3, but is much older and finer in detail. It is thought to be nearly as old as the Karla Cave near Lonavala. Cave No. 18 is a chaitya worship hall believed to be similar in date to the Karla Caves. It is well sculptured, and its elaborate facade is particularly noteworthy. The cave houses the statues of Buddha, Jain Tirthankara Ṛṣabhadeva, and icons of the Jain yakṣas Maṇibhadra and Ambikā. The interiors of the caves were popular meeting places for the disciples, where sermons were delivered. There are water tanks that have been skilfully carved out of the solid rock.
These caves are some of the oldest in Maharashtra. Some of them are large and contain numerous chambers - these rock-cut caves served as a viharas or monasteries for the monks to meet and hear sermons. One of the vihara caves is older and finer in sculptural detail and is thought to be nearly as old as the Karla Cave near Lonavala. Another (cave No. 18) is a chaitya (type of cave used for chanting and meditation). It is similar in age to some of the Karla Caves and has a particularly elaborate facade.
The cave has images of Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, sculptures representing the King, farmers, merchants and rich iconography depicting a beautiful amalgamation of Indo - Greek architecture.
The site has an excellent ancient water management system and skillfully chiseled out of solid rock are several water tanks.
History.
The caves can be traced back up to the 1st century BCE by inscriptions recording donations. Out of the twenty-four caves, two caves are a major attraction - the main cave which is the Chaitya (prayer hall) has a Stupa; the second one is Cave No. 10 which is complete in all structural as well inscriptions. Both of the caves have pictures of Buddha over the rocks. The caves are facing eastwards.
The caves were called Pundru which in Pali language means "yellow ochre color". This is because the caves were the residence of Buddhist monks who wore "the chivara or the yellow robes". Later on, the word Pundru changed to Pandu Caves (as per Ancient Monuments Act 26 May 1909). Decades later people started calling it Pandav Caves - a misnomer which is used for every cave in India.
The various inscriptions confirm that Nashik in that period was ruled by three dynasties – the Western Kshatrapas, the Satavahanas and the Abhiras. It seems there was always a conflict between Satavahanas and the Kshatrapas over supremacy. However, all the three kings fully supported Buddhism. The inscriptions also confirm that apart from the kings, local merchants, landlords too supported and donated huge sums for the development of these caves.
Layout and content.
The group of 24 caves was cut in a long line on the north face of a hill called Trirasmi. The main interest of this group lies not only in its bearing on its walls a number of inscriptions of great historical significance belonging to the reign of Satavahana and Kshaharatas or Kshatrapas. But also in its representing a brilliant phase in the Rock-Cut architecture of the second century CE. There are altogether 24 excavations though many of these are small and less important. Beginning at the east end they may conveniently be numbered westward. They are almost entirely of an early date and were excavated by the Hinayana sect. Mostly, the interior of the caves are starkly plain, in contrast to the heavily ornamented exterior.
The caves and their inscriptions.
Inscriptions in caves 3, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 19 and 20 are legible. Other inscriptions note the names Bhattapalika, Gautamiputra Satkarni, Vashishthiputra Pulumavi of the Satavahanas, two of the Western Satraps, Ushavadata and his wife Dakshamitra, and the Yavana (Indo-Greek) Dhammadeva.
Since the caves were inhabited by the Mahayana as well as the Hinayana sects of Buddhism, one can see a nice confluence of structural and carvings.
Cave No.3, "Gautamiputra vihara" (circa 150 CE).
Cave No.3 at Nasik is one of the most important caves, and the largest, of the Pandavleni caves complex. It was built and dedicated to the Samgha in the 2nd century CE by Queen Gotami Balasiri, mother of deceased Satavahana king Gautamiputra Satakarni, and contains numerous important inscriptions.
The cave.
The cave is a vihara type of cave, meant to provide shelter to Buddhist monks. It is, with cave No.10, the largest Vihara cave in the Pandavleni Caves complex. The hall is 41 feet wide and 46 deep, with a bench round three sides. The cave has six pillars on the front porch, roughly similar to those of the early cave No.10 built by the viceroy of Nahapana circa 120 CE. Inside, 18 monk cells are laid out according to a square plan, seven on the right side, six in the back, and five in the left.
The central door into this vihara is rudely sculptured in a style that reminds the Sanchi gateways; the side pilasters are divided into six compartments, each filled mostly with two men and a woman, in different stages of some story which seems to end in the woman being carried off by one of the men.
Over the door are the three symbols, the Bodhi tree, the dagoba, and the chakra, with worshipers, and at each side is a dvarapala, or doorkeeper, holding up a bunch of flowers. If the carving on this door be compared with any of those at Ajanta, it will be found very much ruder and less bold, but the style of headdress agrees with that on the screen walls at Karle and Kanheri, and in the paintings in Cave X at Ajanta, which probably belong to about the same age.
The veranda has six octagonal columns without bases between highly sculptured pilasters. The capitals of these pillars are distinguished from those in the Nahapana Cave No.10 by the shorter and less elegant form of the bell-shaped portion of them, and by the corners of the frame that encloses the torus having small figures attached; both alike have a series of five thin members, overlapping one another and supporting four animals on each capital, bullocks, elephants, horses, sphinxes, etc..., between the front and back pairs of which runs the architrave, supporting a projecting frieze, with all the details of a wooden framing copied in it. The upper part of the frieze in this case is richly carved with a string course of animals under a richly carved rail, resembling in its design and elaborateness the rails at Amravati, with which this vihara must be nearly, if not quite contemporary. The pillars stand on a bench in the veranda, and in front of them is a carved screen, supported by three dwarfs on each side the steps to the entrance. 
The details of this cave and No.10 are so alike that the one must be regarded as a copy of the other, but the capitals in No.10 are so like those of the Karla Caves Chaitya, while those in the veranda of this cave are so much poorer in proportion, that one is tempted to suppose this belongs to a later period, when art had begun to decay.
The architecture of the Nahapana cave (Cave No.10) is very similar to that of the Karla Caves Great Chaitya. Conversely, the architecture of Cave No.3 is very similar to that of the Kanheri Chaitya. This suggest that the two viharas cannot be very distant in date from the two Chaityas.
Inscriptions.
One long inscription (inscription No.2) in the 19th year of Satavahana king Sri Pulumavi (2nd century CE), explaining that Queen Gotami Balasiri, mother of glorious king Gotamiputra, caused this cave to be built and gave it to the Samgha. There is also another long inscription (inscription No.3) by Sri Pulumavi himself, also in the 22nd year of his reign. There are also inscriptions (inscriptions No.4 and No.5) at the entrance of the cave by Gautamiputra Satakarni (2nd century), in the 18th year of his reign, who claims a great victory.
One of the most important Nasik Caves inscription was made by Gautamiputra's mother the great queen Gotami Balasiri, during the reign of her grandson Vasishthiputra Pulumavi, in order to record the gift of Cave No.3. The full inscription consists in a long eulogy of Gautamiputra Satakarni, mentioning his valour, his military victories, and then her gift of a cave in the Nasik Caves complex.
The most important passages on this inscription related to the military victories of Gautamiputra Satakarni, in particular:
The full inscription, located on the back wall of the veranda above the entrance, reads:
The next inscription is located right under the inscription of the Queen, only separated by a swastika and another symbol. The inscription (inscription No.3) was made by Sri Pulumavi himself, in the 22nd year of his reign, and records the gift of a village for the welfare of the monks dwelling in the cave built by his grandmother.
The next inscription of the cave is very important in that it seems to record the appropriation by king Gautamiputra Satakarni of a land previously owned by Nahapana's viceroy Usubhadata, builder of Cave No.10, thereby confirming the capture of territory by the Satavahanas over the Western Satraps. Since his mother made the final dedication of the cave during the reign of his son (inscription No.2 above), Gautamiputra Satakarni may have started the cave, but not finished it. The inscription is on the east wall of the veranda in Cave No. 3, under the ceiling.
A final inscription, written as a continuation of the previous one, and only separated by a swastika, describes a correction to the previous inscription, as the donated lands and villages turned to be inappropriate. The inscription reads:
Cave No.10 "Nahapana Vihara" (circa 120 CE).
The cave.
Cave No. 10 is the second largest Vihara, and contains six inscriptions of the family of Nahapana. The six pillars (two of them attached) have more elegant bell-shaped capitals than those in Cave No. 3, and their bases are in the style of those in the Karla Caves Chaitya, and in that next to the Granesa Lena at Junnar; the frieze also, like those that remain on the other small caves between Nos.4 and 9, is carved with the simple rail pattern. At each end of the verandah is a cell, donated by "Dakhamitra, the daughter of King Kshaharata Kshatrapa Nahapana, and wife of Ushavadata, son of Dinika."
The inside hall is about 43 feet wide by 45 feet deep, and is entered by three plain doors, and lighted by two windows. It has five benched cells on each side and six in the back; it wants, however, the bench round the inner sides that can be found in Cave No.3; but, as shown by the capital and ornaments still left, it has had a precisely similar dagoba in low relief on the back wall, which has been long afterwards hewn into a figure of Bhairava. Outside the veranda, too, on the left-hand side, have been two reliefs of this same god, evidently the later insertions of some Hindu devotee.
Since Nahapana was a contemporary of Gautamiputra Satakarni, by whom he was finally vanquished, this cave predates by one generation Cave No. 3, completed in the 18th year of the reign of Gautamiputra's son Sri Pulumavi. Cave No.10 is probably contemporary with Cave No. 17, built by an Indo-Greek "Yavana".
Nahapana is also known for his association with the Great Chaitya in Karla Caves, the largest Chaitya building of Southern Asia. Cave No. 10 and the Karla Caves Chaitya are extremely similar in style, and thought to be essentially contemporary.
Inscriptions.
The Nasik inscription of Ushavadata is an inscription made in cave no.10 by Ushavadata, a son-in-law of the Western Satraps ruler Nahapana, in the years circa 120 CE. The main inscription on the doorfront (inscription No.10) is the earliest known instance of the usage of Sanskrit, although a rather hybrid form, in western India. It also documents the Indian tradition of "dana" (charity) to Buddhist monks and of building infrastructure to serve pilgrims and the general public by the 2nd-century CE.
The inscriptions reveal that in 105-106 CE, Western Satraps defeated the Satavahanas after which Kshatrapa Nahapana's son-in-law and Dinika's son- Ushavadata donated 3000 gold coins for this cave as well as for the food and clothing of the monks. Usabhdatta's wife (Nahapana's daughter), Dakshmitra also donated one cave for the Buddhist monks. Cave 10 - 'Nahapana Vihara' is spacious with 16 rooms.
Over the doorway of the left cell appears the following inscription:
Two inscriptions in Cave 10 mentions the building and the gift of the whole cave to the Samgha by Ushavadata, the son-in-law and viceroy of Nahapana:
Altogether, the caves contain six inscriptions of the family of Nahapana, but the Ushavadata inscription is particularly important in that it is the earliest known instance of the usage of Sanskrit, although a rather hybrid form, in western India. Most of the other inscriptions made by the Western Satraps were in Prakrit, using the Brahmi script.
In what has been described as "the great linguistical paradox of India", Sanskrit inscriptions first appeared much later than Prakrit inscriptions, although Prakrit is considered a descendant of the Sanskrit language. This is because Prakrit, in its multiple variants, had been favoured since the time of the influential Edicts of Ashoka (circa 250 BCE). Besides a few examples from the 1st century BCE, most of the early Sanskrit inscriptions date to the time of the Indo-Scythian rulers, either the Northern Satraps around Mathura for the earliest ones, or, slightly later, the closely related Western Satraps in western and central India. It is thought that these Indo-Scythian rulers became promoters of Sanskrit as a way to show their attachment to Indian culture: according to Salomon "their motivation in promoting Sanskrit was presumably a desire to establish themselves as legitimate Indian or at least Indianized rulers and to curry the favor of the educated Brahmanical elite".
The inscription was followed by the Junagadh rock inscription, inscribed by Rudradaman I circa 150 CE, is "the first long inscription recorded entirely in more or less standard Sanskrit". Sanskrit inscriptions by the Western Satraps are not found for about two hundred years after the Rudradaman reign, but it is important because its style is the prototype of the eulogy-style Sanskrit inscriptions found in the Gupta Empire era. These inscriptions are all in the Brahmi script.
The first three lines of the inscription consist of an eulogy of Ushavadata, and are written in fairly standard Sanskrit, except for a few hybrid features, including several sandhi hiatuses and hybrid morphology (e.g. "bhojāpayitrā"). The rest of the inscription records the actual donations, and is more hybrid. Ushavadatta is otherwise known for making inscriptions in Prakrit in the Karla Caves, which, especially for the eulogy portion, are largely similar in content.
According to Richard Salomon, Ushavadatta may have followed the example set by the Northern Satraps of Mathura, in using Sanskrit in some of his inscriptions. It would seem the usage of literary Sanskrit may have been a fashionable way of adding some formality to inscriptions which had traditionally been made in Prakrit.
Caves No.11, "Jain cave".
Cave No.11 is close to Cave No.10, but at a somewhat higher level. In the left end of the veranda is the fragment of a seat; the room inside is 11 feet 7 inches by 7 feet 10 inches, having a cell, 6 feet 8 inches square, at the left end, and another, not quite so large, at the back, with a bench at the side and back. In the front room is carved, on the back wall, in low relief, a sitting figure and attendants on a lion throne, and on the right-end wall a fat figure of Amba on a tiger with attendants, and an Indra on an elephant: all are small, clumsily carved, and evidently of late Jaina workmanship.
Cave No.11 has one inscription mentioning it is the gift of the son of a writer: " the benefaction of Ramanaka, the son of Sivamitra, the writer."
Caves No.12-16.
Cave No.12 has one inscription mentioning it is the gift of a merchant named Ramanaka. Cave No.13 has no inscriptions.
Cave No.17, "Yavana vihara" (circa 120 CE).
Cave No.17 was built by a devotee of Greek descent, who presents his father as being a Yavana from the northern city of Demetriapolis. The cave is dated to around 120 CE.
The cave.
Cave 17 is the third large Vihara, though smaller than Nos.3, 10, 20, and has been executed close to the upper portion of the Chaitya cave. The hall measures 22 feet 10 inches wide by 32 feet 2 inches deep, and has a back aisle screened off by two columns, of which the elephants and their riders and the thin square members of the capitals only are finished. The steps of the shrine door have also been left as a rough block, on which a Hindu has carved the "shalunkha", or receptacle for a linga. The shrine has never been finished. On the wall of the back aisle is a standing figure of Buddha, 3.5 feet high; in the left side of the hall, 2 feet 3 inches from the floor, is a recess, 18.5 feet long and 4 feet 
3 inches high by 2 feet deep, intended for a seat or perhaps for a row of metallic images; a cell has been attempted at each end of this, but one of them has entered the aisle of the Chaitya-cave just below, and the work has then been stopped. On the right side are four cells without benches.
The veranda is somewhat peculiar, and it would seem that, at first, a much smaller cave was projected, or else by some mistake it was begun too far to the left. It is ascended 
by half a-dozen steps in front between the two central octagonal pillars with very short shafts, and large bases and capitals, the latter surmounted by elephants and their riders, and the frieze above carved with the plain "rail pattern". They stand on a paneled base; but the landing between the central pair is opposite the left window in the back wall of the veranda, to the right of which is the principal door, but to the left of the window is also a narrower one. The veranda has then been prolonged to the west, and another door broken out to the outside beyond the right attached pillar; at this end of the veranda also is an unfinished cell.
The cave is later than the Chaitya next it, and the veranda a little later in style than the Nahapana Cave No.10. The interior with an image of the Buddha, was probably executed at a later date, around the 6th century CE. Fergusson states later in his book that, from an architectural standpoint, Cave No.17 is contemporary with the Great Chatya at the Karla Caves, but is actually a bit earlier in style than Cave No.10 of Nahapana at Nasik, but at no great interval of time.
Inscription.
Cave No.17 has one inscription, mentioning the gift of the cave by Indragnidatta the son of the Yavana (i.e. Greek or Indo-Greek) Dharmadeva. It is located on the back wall of the veranda, over the main entrance, and is inscribed in large letters:
The city of "Dattamittri" may be the city of Demetrias in Arachosia, mentioned by Isidore of Charax. This vihara is probably contemporary to the reign of Western Satrap Nahapana, circa 120 CE.
The word "Yoṇaka", which was the current Greek Hellenistic form, is used in the inscription, instead of "Yavana", which was the Indian word to designate the Indo-Greeks. 
The Yavanas are also known for their donations with inscriptions at the Great Chaitya at the Karla Caves, and at the Manmodi Caves in Junnar.
Cave No. 18: the Chaitya.
The cave.
Cave No.18 is a chaitya design, comparable to the Karla Caves Chaitya, although earlier and much smaller and simpler in design. It is the only Chaitya cave of the group, belongs to a much earlier date; and though none of the three inscriptions on it supplies certain information on this point, yet the name of Maha Hakusiri, found in one of them, tends to push it back to some period about or before the Christian era. The carving, however, over the door and the pilasters with animal capitals on the façade on each side the great arch, and the insertion of the hooded snake, will, on comparison with the façades at Bedsa and Karla, tend to suggest an early date for this cave.
Chaitya No. 18 participates to a chronology of several other Chaitya caves which were built in Western India under royal sponsorship. It is thought that the chronology of these early Chaitya Caves is as follows: first Cave 9 at Kondivite Caves, then Cave 12 at the Bhaja Caves and Cave 10 of Ajanta Caves, around the 1st century BCE. Then, in chronological order: Cave 3 at Pitalkhora, Cave 1 at Kondana Caves, Cave 9 at Ajanta Caves, which, with its more ornate designs, may have been built about a century later, Only then appears Cave 18 at Nasik Caves, to be followed by Cave 7 at Bedse Caves, and finally by the "final perfection" of the Great Chaitya at Karla Caves (circa 120 CE).
The doorway is evidently of an early date, and the ornament up the left side is almost identical with that found on the pillars of the northern gateway at Sanchi, with which it consequently is in all probability coeval (1st century CE). The carving over the doorway, which represents the wooden framework which filled all openings, of a similar class, at that age, is of a much more ornamental character than usual, or than the others shown on this facade. Animals are introduced as in the Lomas Rishi. So also are the trisulas and shield emblems, in a very ornamental form, but almost identical with those existing in the Manmodi cave at Junnar, which is probably of about the same age as this Chaitya.
The interior measures 38 feet 10 inches by 21 feet 7 inches, and the nave, from the door up to the dagoba, 25 feet 4 inches by 10 feet, and 23 feet 3 inches high. The cylinder of the dagoba is 5.5 feet in diameter and 6 feet 3 inches high, surmounted by a small dome and very heavy capital. The gallery under the great arch of the window is supported by two pillars, which in all cases in the Chaitya caves are in such a form as strongly to suggest that a wooden frame was fastened between them, probably to hold a 
screen, which would effectually shut in the nave from observation from outside. Five octagonal pillars, with high bases of the Karle pattern but without capitals, on each side the nave, and five without bases round the dagoba, divide off the side aisles.
The woodwork that once occupied the front arch, and the roof of the nave has long ago disappeared. Whether there ever were pillars in advance of the present facade as at Bedsa, or a screen as at Karle, cannot be determined with certainty, unless by excavating largely among the debris in front. There was probably something of the kind, but the Viharas, inserted so close to it on either side, must have hastened the ruin of the side walls of it.
Inscriptions.
The cave has several inscriptions. Inscription No.19 appears on the 5th and 6th pillars on the right aisle of the Chaitya, and explains that the cave received some perfecting by the wife of a government official, but the government in question remains unnamed:
This inscription is slightly less ancient than the inscription on the doorway, suggesting that it was inscribed some time in the later phases of the construction of the cave.
Inscription No.20 explains that the decoration above the doorway was a donation of the people of nearby Nashik ("The gift of the village of Dhambhika, of the Nasik people"). Inscription No.21 records the donation of the rail pattern.
Cave No.19 "Krishna vihara" (100-70 BCE).
Cave 19 is at a rather lower level even than the Chaitya cave, and some distance in advance of it, but the front and interior have been so filled up with earth as to conceal it from general view. It is a small Vihara, 14 feet 3 inches square, with six cells, two on each side; their doors are surmounted by the Chaitya-arch ornament connected by a frieze of "rail pattern" in some places wavy. In the front wall are two lattice windows, and in the veranda two slender square pillars, the middle portion of the shaft being chamfered to an octagonal shape.
The cave is exceedingly plain style, and the remarkable rectangularity of all its parts, agree perfectly with what might be expected in a Vihara of the first or second century BCE. Its close family likeness to Cave No.12 at Ajanta and others at Bhaja and Kondane, all of the earliest age, suggest about the same date.
The cave has one inscription of king Krishna of the Satavahanas, which is the oldest known Satavahana inscription, dated to 100-70 BCE:
Cave No.20: "Sri Yajna vihara" (circa 180 CE).
Cave No.20 is another large Vihara, its hall varying in width from 37.5 feet at the front to 44 feet at the back and 61.5 feet deep. Originally it was little over 40 feet deep, but at a much later date it was altered and extended back by one "Marma, a worshipper," as recorded on the wall. It has eight cells on each side, one on the right rather a recess than a cell, two on the left with stone beds, while in the back are two cells to the left of the antechamber and one to the right, with one more on each side of the antechamber and entered from it.
The hall is surrounded by a low bench as in Cave 3, and in the middle of the floor is a low platform, about 9 feet square, apparently intended for an asana or seat; but whether to place an image upon for worship, or as a "seat of the law", where the Thera or high priest might sit when teaching and discussing, is impossible to say. On the right-hand side, and nearer the front, are three small circular elevations in the floor much like ordinary millstones. They may be seats also for members of the clergy, or bases on which to set small moveable dagobas. But when the cave was altered and extended backward, the floor seems also to have been lowered a few inches to form the low dais and these bases.
The antechamber is slightly raised above the level of the hall, from which it is divided by two richly carved columns between antae. On either side the shrine door is a gigantic dvarapala, 9.5 feet high, with an attendant female, but so besmeared with soot for the cave has been long occupied by Bhairagis, that minor details are scarcely recognisable. These dvarapalas, however, hold lotus stalks, have the same elaborate head-dresses, with a small dagoba in the front of one, and a figure of Buddha in the other, and have the same attendants and vidyaharas flying over head as we find in the later Buddhist caves at Aurangabad.
In the shrine, too, is the colossal image of Buddha, 10 feet high, seated with his feet on a lotus flower and holding the little finger of his left hand between the thumb and forefinger of his right. He is attended by two gigantic chauri-bearer with the same distinguishing features as the dvarapala. All this points to about the 7th century CE or later, as the age 
of alteration of this cave.
Fortunately there is an inscription of the 7th year of Yajna Sri Satakarni (170-199 CE), stating that "after having been under excavation for many years " it was then carried to completion by the wife of the commander-in-chief. It is quite clear, however, that the inner and outer parts were excavated at widely different ages. This inscriptions shows, as the inscriptions of Yajna Sri Satakarni in Kanheri caves, that the Satavahanas had reclaimed the area of Kanheri and Nasik from the Western Satraps during the reign of Sri Yajna Satakarni.
The pillars of the veranda have the water-pot bases, and the bell-shaped capitals of those in Karle Chaitya. Those of the sanctuary are represented, and belong to a widely distant age. Like No.17, it has a side door near the left end of the veranda, and a cell in that end.
The façade has four octagonal pillars between antae, the shafts more slender than in any of the other caves, but the bases of the same pattern disproportionately large, as if the shafts had been reduced in thickness at a later date. They stand on a paneled base, with five low steps up to it between the middle pair. A low screen wall in front is nearly quite destroyed, except at the east end, where a passage led to a large irregular and apparently unfinished apartment with two plain octagonal pillars with square bases between pilasters in front, and having a water-cistern at the entrance. 
Routes.
The caves are located high in the mountains of Trirashmi. Some caves are intricately connected by stone-cut ladders that join them to the other caves. Steps lead to the caves from the bottom of the hill. The peak of the Trirashmi Caves is also accessible by trekking of about 20 mins but the path is treacherous and dangerous.

</doc>
<doc id="7019673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019673" title="1930 FIFA World Cup Group 1">
1930 FIFA World Cup Group 1

Group 1 of the 1930 FIFA World Cup was one of four groups in the opening round of tournament. The group featured Argentina, Chile, France and Mexico. Play began on 13 July 1930 when France defeated Mexico 4–1 in the opening match. Lucien Laurent scored the first goal in World Cup history after 19 minutes to give his side the lead. France played again in the second fixture, suffering defeat against Argentina in a controversial match which saw the referee mistakenly blow the whistle for full-time six minutes early.
Chile defeated Mexico 3–0 in the two sides' first World Cup match, before Chile eliminated France in their next game with a 1–0 victory in a match which featured the first penalty kick awarded in World Cup history, Carlos Vidal's effort was saved by French goalkeeper Alex Thépot. Argentina defeated Mexico 6–3 in the group's next match in which Guillermo Stábile scored a hat-trick on his international debut. Play concluded on 22 July 1930 with Argentina playing Chile to determine the group winner for a place in the semi-finals. Stábile added two more goals as his side won 3–1 to win the group and advance. Chile, France and Mexico were subsequently eliminated from the competition. Argentina went on to reach the final, losing 4–2 to hosts Uruguay.
Background.
Group 1 was one of four groups in the opening round of the 1930 FIFA World Cup in Uruguay. The competition featured 13 sides, split into one group of four teams and three groups of three teams. The sides would play each other on a round-robin basis with the top nation in each group advancing to the semi-finals. There was no qualification process for the competition, instead all 41 member states of governing body FIFA were invited to participate. However,
the choice of Uruguay as host nation resulted in most declining to participate due to costs and the length of travel involved.
The tournament did prove popular with teams from the Americas and 9 of the 13 participants came from the region. Three of these, Argentina, Chile and Mexico were placed into Group 1 along with one of the four European entrants, France. Argentina were one of the favourites for the tournament having reached the final of the 1928 Olympics before being beaten by Uruguay. Mexico, in contrast, were relatively unknown as their football association had only been founded three years prior to the tournament and their only international victories had come against Guatemala. France had been reluctant to enter but had been persuaded by FIFA president Jules Rimet, a Frenchman, to participate, although coach Gaston Barreau and leading player Manuel Anatol both refused to travel.
Standings.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Matches.
France vs Mexico.
This was the first ever meeting between the two sides, and would be one of the two opening games of the tournament, starting at the same time as the United States against Belgium match in Group 4. France had been chosen for the opening match to mark Bastille Day the following day. There had been some snowfall prior to the start of the competition, leaving the conditions cold and wintery. France opened the scoring after 19 minutes, Lucien Laurent converting a cross from Ernest Libérati to score the first goal in World Cup history. The French goalkeeper Alex Thépot was forced off the field with injury during the first half after being kicked in the jaw during a challenge with an opposition player. With no substitutions allowed, halfback Augustin Chantrel was chosen to play in his place for the remainder of the match. Despite their man disadvantage, France extended their lead twice before half-time; Marcel Langiller made it 2–0 before André Maschinot added a third shortly before the break.
Mexico looked to push forward in the second half and were able to score their first goal of the competition when Juan Carreño finished from Dionisio Mejía's pass. However, it proved to be only a consolation goal as France scored a fourth in the final minutes of the game, Maschinot scoring his second after Langiller had played a cross into the penalty area. Mexico's Manuel and Felipe Rosas became the first brothers to play together in a World Cup during the game. The match would remain the highest scoring World Cup opening match until Germany defeated Costa Rica 4–2 in the opening game of the 2006 World Cup.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Argentina vs France.
Unusually, France played their next match 48 hours later, this time meeting Argentina in their opponent's first game. This was the first ever meeting between the two sides. Despite his injury in the previous game, Thépot started in goal for the French but his side suffered another injury in the opening minutes of the match when Luis Monti heavily tackled Laurent resulting in the French player spending the rest of the game limping and ineffective. The Argentinians were the stronger of the two sides and only the goalkeeping of Thépot was able to keep them from scoring for much of the game. However, his resilience came to an end in the 81st minute when Monti scored direct from a free-kick with Thépot's view blocked by his teammates assembling a wall.
France immediately pushed for an equaliser with Langiller breaking through the Argentine defence in the 84th minute. However, Brazilian referee Almeida Rêgo blew his whistle to signal full-time despite having six minutes of regular time remaining. The French players immediately accosted the referee but it took several minutes for order to be restored as mounted police tried to clear celebrating Uruguyan and Argentine fans from the pitch and Roberto Cherro received treatment after fainting. Eventually, the match resumed but France were unable to find an equalising goal as the match ended 1–0.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Chile vs Mexico.
This was the first ever meeting between the two sides. Carlos Vidal gave Chile an early advantage, scoring a low shot into the bottom corner of the net from 12 yards after only four minutes following a headed layoff by Eberardo Villalobos. Mexico appealed for a handball by Vidal but this was dismissed by referee Henri Christophe. There were numerous further chances in the first half; both sides struck the goal frame, first Chile's Guillermo Subiabre hit the crossbar with a long-range drive before Mexico's Efraín Amézcua hit the post with an effort. The Asociación Nacional de Fútbol Profesional noted that the Mexicans had surprised the Chilean side prompting manager György Orth to reorganise his team and berate his forwards.
Early in the second half, Chile extended their lead when Mexican defender Manuel Rosas became the first player to score an own goal in the World Cup when he inadvertently headed the ball into his own net. Rosas had been attempting to head Villalobos' throw in. Unusually, this made Rosas the youngest player ever to score at a World Cup despite doing so in the wrong goal, a record which stood until the 1958 World Cup when it was beaten by Pelé. Vidal rounded out the scoring for his side late on, scoring his second and Chile's third. The goal came from a quick breakaway by Guillermo Saavedra who ran 30 metres and passed to Tomás Ojeda, who played in Vidal to finish from four yards out.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Chile vs France.
This was the first ever meeting between the two sides, and served as the first part of a doubleheader at the recently completed Estadio Centenario, the centrepiece stadium for the competition which had been delayed due to construction issues. Chile started the stronger of the two sides, forcing several saves from Thépot in the French goal, and were awarded a penalty in the first half, the first in World Cup history. Vidal took the kick but his effort was saved by Thépot. France's best chance of the half came from an error by Chilean defender Guillermo Riveros but his goalkeeper Roberto Cortés managed to recover the ball from the oncoming attackers to end the danger. The French resistance was eventually broken in the 64th minute when Guillermo Subiabre headed in for Chile from a cross by Vidal. The score remained 1–0, eliminating France from the competition and giving Chile their first clean sheet in an international fixture at the 42nd attempt.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Argentina vs Mexico.
This was the first ever meeting between the two sides and served as the second part of the double header after the France against Chile match played earlier in the day. With captain Manuel Ferreira having returned home to sit a law exam, Guillermo Stábile was selected in attack for Argentina to make his international debut. He led his side into an early lead, scoring twice in the opening 17 minutes either side of a goal by teammate Adolfo Zumelzú. Argentina had a chance to add a fourth five minutes later when they were awarded a penalty after a handball, but Fernando Paternoster's effort was saved by Oscar Bonfiglio. Some sources have stated that Paternoster, disagreeing with the decision to award a penalty and in the spirit of fair play, deliberately hit the ball weakly to Bonfiglio. While the referee, also conceding his decision to award the penalty was incorrect, deliberately extended his stride to measure the distance for the spot kick, leaving Paternoster four yards further away than required.
Mexico pulled a goal back shortly before half-time; Manuel Rosas became the first person to score a penalty at a World Cup when he converted his effort. Argentina added two more goals in the early stages of the second half, Francisco Varallo scored his first goal of the competition before Zumelzú scored his second two minutes later. Mexico were awarded a second penalty in the 72nd minute, Rosas' initial effort was saved by Ángel Bossio, deputising as captain in Ferreira's absence, in the Argentine goal but he always able to convert the rebound. This spurred the Mexicans on and they scored a third soon after through Roberto Gayón to bring the score to 5–3. However, Stábile completed his hat-trick shortly after to end Argentina's nerves as the match finished 6–3, eliminating Mexico.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Argentina vs Chile.
This was the 18th meeting between the two sides in international competition, with Chile having never beaten Argentina in their previous fixtures. The match would determine which team would win the group and advance to the semi-finals. Stábile continued his good form from the previous match by scoring twice in the opening 15 minutes, although Chile pulled a goal back almost immediately through Subiabre. Shortly before halftime, Monti came together with Casimiro Torres, bringing down the Chilean with a heavy tackle, which led to a mass brawl between the two sides. Referee John Langenus later described the aftermath of the tackle: "the Chilean grabbed hold of Monti's head with one hand and, with the other, delivered a vicious uppercut". The brawl quickly spread to the rest of the teams, with Langenus noting "All at once, every Argentinian player seemed to throw themselves upon the nearest Chilean and engage in 11 separate boxing matches". Officials and police desperately tried to restore order and the half was eventually brought to and end with the score remaining 2–1.
Despite the tensions in the first half, the second saw no repeat of any animosity. Argentina extended their lead in the 51st minute when Mario Evaristo scored. Bossio produced several saves to deny Chile any further goals as Argentina secured a 3–1 victory, advancing them to the semi-finals and eliminating Chile.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Aftermath.
Argentina's three victories saw them finish top of Group 1 with six points, advancing them to the semi-finals. Chile finished second with four points, France came third with two points while Mexico finished last after losing all three matches. Argentina went on to play the United States in the semi-finals, securing a comfortable 6–1 victory to reach the first World Cup final against hosts Uruguay. Despite taking a 2–1 lead, Argentina went on to lose the final 4–2. Stábile's five goals in Group 1 contributed to him winning the Golden Boot as the tournament's highest goalscorer, finishing with eight.
France returned to the World Cup four years later, being defeated in the first round by Austria. Following their elimination, Chile did not player another international match for five years and would not appear at another World Cup finals until 1950. Mexico would also not return to the World Cup until 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="7019676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019676" title="Layne">
Layne

Layne is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="7019687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019687" title="Marillon">
Marillon



</doc>
<doc id="7019688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019688" title="The Oxford Times">
The Oxford Times

The Oxford Times is a weekly newspaper, published each Thursday in Oxford, England. The paper is published from a large production facility at Osney Mead, west Oxford, and is owned by Newsquest, the UK subsidiary of US-based Gannett Company.
"The Oxford Times" has a number of colour supplements. Oxfordshire Limited Edition is included with the first edition of each month. There is also a monthly In Business supplement.
"The Oxford Times" has several sister publications:
History.
"The Oxford Times" was founded in 1862 as a weekly broadsheet.
In 1922, T. E. Lawrence (known as Lawrence of Arabia) commissioned "The Oxford Times" to typeset and print an advance private edition of "Seven Pillars of Wisdom". This is known as the "1922 Edition" or the "Oxford Text" of "Seven Pillars".
"The Oxford Times" has won a number of national awards including "Regional Weekly Newspaper of the Year" in 2004, 2005, and 2007.
Originally a broadsheet, it switched to the compact format in 2008. Until 24 October 2008, the paper was published each Friday. Since then, it is published each Thursday.
Over time, through the emergence of digitization and online news, print circulation gradually declined (from 26,262 in 2006 to 3,482 in 2023) while online circulation increased (30 million+, Oxford Times &amp; Mail).

</doc>
<doc id="7019692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019692" title="Oxford Times">
Oxford Times



</doc>
<doc id="7019693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019693" title="Claudia Lennear">
Claudia Lennear

Claudia Lennear (born Claudia Joy Offley; 1946) is an American soul singer and educator. Lennear began her performing with the Superbs before becoming an Ikette in the Ike &amp; Tina Turner Revue. She was also a background vocalist for various acts, including Joe Cocker, Leon Russell, and Freddie King. She released her only solo album in 1973. Lennear was featured in the 2013 Oscar-winning documentary "20 Feet from Stardom". She was inducted in the Rhode Island Music Hall of Fame in 2019.
Early life.
Lennear was born Claudia Joy Offley at Providence Lying-In Hospital in Rhode Island. Her last name was changed after her mother married Leo V. Lennear, a Navy man stationed in Newport. She grew up in different neighborhoods in Providence. Although raised a Catholic, her grandmother taught her to sing gospel songs as a child.
In elementary school, Lennear studied music theory and took French at St. Charles Borromeo parochial school. Her career goal was to become a translator at the United Nations. She also took private piano lessons. In high school, she was in the chorale program. As a teenager she listened to Patti LaBelle &amp; the Bluebelles, Gladys Knight &amp; the Pips, Carla Thomas, and Ike &amp; Tina Turner. During her senior year at Hope High School, her stepfather retired from the Navy and she moved to Pomona, California with her family in 1964.
Career.
After graduating from high school, Lennear enrolled in college and began fronting the Los Angeles-based soul group The Superbs. They performed local gigs around Los Angeles. Lennear made her recording debut with the group on the single "One Bad Habit", released on Doré Records in 1968.
The Ikettes.
Through her friend, singer Sherlie Matthews, Lennear landed an audition with bandleader Ike Turner in 1968. She passed the audition and left the Superbs to become an Ikette. She said: "He [Ike Turner] was a terrific business person, very disciplined, and he was a visionary." Lennear was with Ike &amp; Tina Turner for a few years until she had a spat with Tina Turner. Nonetheless, Lennear recalled her time with the Turners fondly, telling "The Providence Journal": 
Post-Ikette career.
After leaving the Ikettes in 1970, Lennear worked with many acts including Humble Pie and Joe Cocker. She was part of a trio of backup singers for Delaney and Bonnie that also included Rita Coolidge.
Lennear was one of Leon Russell's Shelter People. She sang back-up vocals on Joe Cocker's 1970 "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" tour and live album, on "Leon Russell and the Shelter People" (1971), and on George Harrison's "The Concert for Bangla Desh" (1971). Her lead vocal live recording of "Let It Be" from the film "Joe Cocker: Mad Dogs &amp; Englishmen" (1971) was the B side of Leon Russell's "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" single on A&amp;M Records in 1971.
In 1973, Lennear released her first and only solo album for Warner Bros. Records entitled "Phew!". She had a bit part in the film "Thunderbolt and Lightfoot" (1974), playing the secretary who asks Clint Eastwood's character for his Social Security number. Lennear appeared in the August 1974 issue of "Playboy" magazine in a pictorial entitled "Brown Sugar".
Lennear appeared in the Academy Award-winning documentary "20 Feet from Stardom" (2013), which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival. After the success of the film, David Bowie contacted Lennear and offered to write songs for her next project.
Since 2014, Lennear has performed and recorded in Los Angeles with The New Ash Grove Players with S S Jones &amp; Claudia Lennear. They have performed at the McCabes Guitar Shop, The Coffee Gallery, the Pasadena Pavilion for the Performing Arts, and The Improv.
At the Lockn' Festival on September 11, 2015, Lennear performed with the Tedeschi Trucks Band, Rita Coolidge, Leon Russell, and other alumni from the 1970 Joe Cocker "Mad Dogs and Englishmen Tour" in a memorial concert for Cocker.
Academic career.
In 2006, Lennear received degrees in French literature and art history from Pitzer College.
Lennear began teaching first in high school and then at Mt. San Antonio College, where she has been teaching French, Spanish, English, and remedial math.
Accolades.
In 2019, Lennear was inducted into the Rhode Island Music Hall of Fame.
Personal life.
In 1969, Lennear dated Mick Jagger when Ike &amp; Tina Turner were the opening act for the Rolling Stones on their American tour. Lennear's relationships with Mick Jagger and David Bowie are often cited as inspiration for The Rolling Stones' "Brown Sugar" (1971) and Bowie's "Lady Grinning Soul" (1973). "NME" editors Roy Carr and Charles Shaar Murray noted in 1981 that she was "yet to reply in song to either Mick or David." However, in a 1973 article in "Rolling Stone", she was quoted as saying that she wrote the song "Not At All" "to inform Mick Jagger of his dispensability".

</doc>
<doc id="7019699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019699" title="WA 2000">
WA 2000



</doc>
<doc id="7019701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019701" title="Air data inertial reference unit">
Air data inertial reference unit

An air data inertial reference unit (ADIRU) is a key component of the integrated air data inertial reference system (ADIRS), which supplies air data (airspeed, angle of attack and altitude) and inertial reference (position and attitude) information to the pilots' electronic flight instrument system displays as well as other systems on the aircraft such as the engines, autopilot, aircraft flight control system and landing gear systems. An ADIRU acts as a single, fault tolerant source of navigational data for both pilots of an aircraft. It may be complemented by a secondary attitude air data reference unit (SAARU), as in the Boeing 777 design.
This device is used on various military aircraft as well as civilian airliners starting with the Airbus A320 and Boeing 777.
Description.
An ADIRS consists of up to three fault tolerant ADIRUs located in the aircraft electronic rack, an associated control and display unit (CDU) in the cockpit and remotely mounted air data modules (ADMs). The No 3 ADIRU is a redundant unit that may be selected to supply data to either the commander's or the co-pilot's displays in the event of a partial or complete failure of either the No 1 or No 2 ADIRU. There is no cross-channel redundancy between the Nos 1 and 2 ADIRUs, as No 3 ADIRU is the only alternate source of air and inertial reference data. An inertial reference (IR) fault in ADIRU No 1 or 2 will cause a loss of attitude and navigation information on their associated primary flight display (PFD) and navigation display (ND) screens. An air data reference (ADR) fault will cause the loss of airspeed and altitude information on the affected display. In either case the information can only be restored by selecting the No 3 ADIRU.
Each ADIRU comprises an ADR and an inertial reference (IR) component.
Air data reference.
The air data reference (ADR) component of an ADIRU provides airspeed, Mach number, angle of attack, temperature and barometric altitude data. Ram air pressure and static pressures used in calculating airspeed are measured by small ADMs located as close as possible to the respective pitot and static pressure sensors. ADMs transmit their pressures to the ADIRUs through ARINC 429 data buses.
Inertial reference.
The IR component of an ADIRU gives attitude, flight path vector, ground speed and positional data. The ring laser gyroscope is a core enabling technology in the system, and is used together with accelerometers, GPS and other sensors to provide raw data. The primary benefits of a ring laser over older mechanical gyroscopes are that there are no moving parts, it is rugged and lightweight, frictionless and does not resist a change in precession.
Complexity in redundancy.
Analysis of complex systems is itself so difficult as to be subject to errors in the certification process. Complex interactions between flight computers and ADIRUs can lead to counter-intuitive behaviour for the crew in the event of a failure. In the case of Qantas Flight 72, the captain switched the source of IR data from ADIRU1 to ADIRU3 following a failure of ADIRU1; however ADIRU1 continued to supply ADR data to the captain's primary flight display. In addition, the master flight control computer (PRIM1) was switched from PRIM1 to PRIM2, then PRIM2 back to PRIM1, thereby creating a situation of uncertainty for the crew who did not know which redundant systems they were relying upon.
Reliance on redundancy of aircraft systems can also lead to delays in executing needed repairs, as airline operators rely on the redundancy to keep the aircraft system working without having to repair faults immediately.
Failures and directives.
FAA Airworthiness directive 2000-07-27.
On May 3, 2000, the FAA issued airworthiness directive 2000-07-27, addressing dual critical failures during flight, attributed to power supply issues affecting early Honeywell HG2030 and HG2050 ADIRU ring laser gyros used on several Boeing 737, 757, Airbus A319, A320, A321, A330, and A340 models.
Airworthiness directive 2003-26-03.
On 27 January 2004 the FAA issued airworthiness directive 2003-26-03 (later superseded by AD 2008-17-12) which called for modification to the mounting of ADIRU3 in Airbus A320 family aircraft to prevent failure and loss of critical attitude and airspeed data.
Alitalia A320.
On 25 June 2005, an Alitalia Airbus A320-200 registered as I-BIKE departed Milan with a defective ADIRU as permitted by the Minimum Equipment List. While approaching London Heathrow Airport during deteriorating weather another ADIRU failed, leaving only one operable. In the subsequent confusion the third was inadvertently reset, losing its reference heading and disabling several automatic functions. The crew was able to effect a safe landing after declaring a Pan-pan.
Malaysia Airlines Flight 124.
On 1 August 2005, a serious incident involving Malaysia Airlines Flight 124 occurred when an ADIRU fault in a Boeing 777-2H6ER (9M-MRG) flying from Perth to Kuala Lumpur International caused the aircraft to act on false indications, resulting in uncommanded manoeuvres. In that incident the incorrect data impacted all planes of movement while the aircraft was climbing through . The aircraft pitched up and climbed to around , with the stall warning activated. The pilots recovered the aircraft with the autopilot disengaged and requested a return to Perth. During the return to Perth, both the left and right autopilots were briefly activated by the crew, but in both instances the aircraft pitched down and banked to the right. The aircraft was flown manually for the remainder of the flight and landed safely in Perth. There were no injuries and no damage to the aircraft. The ATSB found that the main probable cause of this incident was a latent software error which allowed the ADIRU to use data from a failed accelerometer.
The US Federal Aviation Administration issued Emergency Airworthiness Directive (AD) 2005-18-51 requiring all 777 operators to install upgraded software to resolve the error.
Qantas Flight 68.
On 12 September 2006, Qantas Flight 68, Airbus A330 registration VH-QPA, from Singapore to Perth exhibited ADIRU problems but without causing any disruption to the flight. At and estimated position north of Learmonth, Western Australia, "NAV IR1 FAULT" then, 30 minutes later, "NAV ADR 1 FAULT" notifications were received on the ECAM identifying navigation system faults in Inertial Reference Unit 1, then in ADR 1 respectively. The crew reported to the later Qantas Flight 72 investigation involving the same airframe and ADIRU that they had received numerous warning and caution messages which changed too quickly to be dealt with. While investigating the problem, the crew noticed a weak and intermittent "ADR 1 FAULT" light and elected to switch off ADR 1, after which they experienced no further problems. There was no impact on the flight controls throughout the event. The ADIRU manufacturer's recommended maintenance procedures were carried out after the flight and system testing found no further fault.
Jetstar Flight 7.
On 7 February 2008, a similar aircraft (VH-EBC) operated by Qantas subsidiary Jetstar Airways was involved in a similar occurrence while conducting the JQ7 service from Sydney to Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. In this event - which occurred east of Learmonth - many of the same errors occurred in the ADIRU unit. The crew followed the relevant procedure applicable at the time and the flight continued without problems.
The ATSB has yet to confirm if this event is related to the other Airbus A330 ADIRU occurrences.
Airworthiness directive 2008-17-12.
On 6 August 2008, the FAA issued airworthiness directive 2008-17-12 expanding on the requirements of the earlier AD 2003-26-03 which had been determined to be an insufficient remedy. In some cases it called for replacement of ADIRUs with newer models, but allowed 46 months from October 2008 to implement the directive.
Qantas Flight 72.
On 7 October 2008, Qantas Flight 72, using the same aircraft involved in the Flight 68 incident, departed Singapore for Perth. Some time into the flight, while cruising at 37,000 ft, a failure in the No.1 ADIRU led to the autopilot automatically disengaging followed by two sudden uncommanded pitch down manoeuvres, according to the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB). The accident injured up to 74 passengers and crew, ranging from minor to serious injuries. The aircraft was able to make an emergency landing without further injuries. The aircraft was equipped with a Northrop Grumman made ADIRS, which investigators sent to the manufacturer for further testing.
Qantas Flight 71.
On 27 December 2008, Qantas Flight 71 from Perth to Singapore, a different Qantas A330-300 with registration VH-QPG was involved in an incident at 36,000 feet approximately north-west of Perth and south of Learmonth Airport at 1729 WST. The autopilot disconnected and the crew received an alert indicating a problem with ADIRU Number 1.
Emergency Airworthiness Directive No 2009-0012-E.
On 15 January 2009, the European Aviation Safety Agency issued Emergency Airworthiness Directive No 2009-0012-E to address the above A330 and A340 Northrop-Grumman ADIRU problem of incorrectly responding to a defective inertial reference. In the event of a NAV IR fault the directed crew response is now to "select OFF the relevant IR, select OFF the relevant ADR, and then turn the IR rotary mode selector to the OFF position." The effect is to ensure that the faulted IR is powered off so that it no longer can send erroneous data to other systems.
Air France Flight 447.
On 1 June 2009, Air France Flight 447, an Airbus A330 en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris, crashed in the Atlantic Ocean after transmitting automated messages indicating faults with various equipment, including the ADIRU. While examining possibly related events of weather-related loss of ADIRS, the NTSB decided to investigate two similar cases on cruising A330s. On a 21 May 2009 Miami–São Paulo TAM Flight 8091 registered as PT-MVB, and on a 23 June 2009 Hong Kong-Tokyo Northwest Airlines Flight 8 registered as N805NW each saw sudden loss of airspeed data at cruise altitude and consequent loss of ADIRS control.
Ryanair Flight 6606.
On 9 October 2018, the Boeing 737-800 with registration EI-GJT, operating the flight from Porto Airport to Edinburgh Airport suffered a left ADIRU failure that resulted in the aircraft pitching up and climbing 600 feet. The left ADIRU was put in ATT (attitude-only) mode in accordance with the Quick Reference Handbook, but it continued to display erroneous attitude information to the captain. The remainder of the flight was flown manually with an uneventful landing. The UK's AAIB released the final report on 31 October 2019, with the following recommendation:It is recommended that Boeing Commercial Aircraft amend the Boeing 737 Quick Reference Handbook to include a non-normal checklist for situations when pitch and roll comparator annunciations appear on the attitude display.

</doc>
<doc id="7019702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019702" title="Maund (unit)">
Maund (unit)

The maund (), mun or mann (Bengali: ; Urdu: ) is a traditional unit of mass used in British India, and also in Afghanistan, Persia, and Arabia: the same unit in the Mughal Empire was sometimes written as mann or mun in English, while the equivalent unit in the Ottoman Empire and Central Asia was called the "batman". At different times, and in different South Asian localities, the mass of the maund has varied, from as low as 25 pounds (11 kg) to as high as 160 pounds (72 kg): even greater variation is seen in Persia and Arabia. One maund in Pakistan is measured as 40kg.
History.
In British India, the maund was first standardized in the Bengal Presidency in 1833, where it was set equal to 100 Troy pounds (82.28 lbs. av.). This standard spread throughout the British Raj. After the independence of India and Pakistan, the definition formed the basis for metrication, one maund becoming exactly 37.3242 kilograms. A similar metric definition is used in Bangladesh and Nepal. Throughout Bangladesh, one মণ/mun/mann is 40 kg. In Nepal's southern plains one Mann equals 40 kilograms and is generally used to measure agricultural output.
The Old English, 'maund' may also be the origin of Maundy Thursday. As a verb, 'maund' : to beg; as a noun, 'a maund' : a small basket held out for alms.
South Asia.
Delhi Sultanate.
During the reign of Alauddin Khalji of the Delhi Sultanate, 1 "mann" was roughly equivalent to 15 kg.
Mughal Empire.
Prinsep (1840) summarizes the evidence as to the weight of the "mun" (later "maund") during the reign (1556–1605) of Akbar the Great, which comes from the "Ain-i-Akbari" written by the vizier Abu'l-Fazl ibn Mubarak (anglicized as "Abul Fuzl"). The principal definition is that the "mun" is forty "seers"; and that each "seer" is thirty "dams".
The problem arises in assigning the values of the smaller units. 
The section of the "Ain-i-Akbari" that defines the "mun" also defines the "dam" as five "tanks". A separate section defines the "tank" as twenty-four "ruttees". However, by the 19th century, the "tank" was no longer a uniform unit across the former Mughal territories: Prinsep quotes values of 50 grains (3.24 g) in Darwar, 72 grains (4.67 g) in Bombay and 268 grains (17.37 g) in Ahmednugur. 
The "jilály", a square silver rupee coin issued by Akbar, was said by the "Ain-i-Akbari" to be  "mashas" in weight: surviving "jilály" and other Mughal rupee coins weigh 170–175 Troy grains (11.02–11.34 g), so the "masha", defined as eight "ruttees", would be about  grains (1 g). "Masha" weights sent back to London in 1819 agree with this value. This basis gives a "mun" of  lb. av. (15.75 kg). One "Koni" was 4 muns.
However, in yet another section of the "Ain-i-Akbari", the "dam" is said to be "twenty "mashas" seven "ruttees"": using this definition would imply an Imperial mass of about 47 lb. av. (21.3 kg) for the "mun". Between these two values, the maund in Central India was often found to be around 40 lb. av. (18 kg) in the East India Company survey of 1821.
A Maund was 55.5 British pounds mass under Akbar.
Nineteenth century.
Prinsep's values for the maund come from a survey organized by the East India Company in 1821. The Company's agents were asked to send back examples of the standard weights and measures used in the places they were stationed, and these were compared with the English standards in London by Patrick Kelly, the leading British metrologist of the time. The results were published as an appendix to the second edition of Kelly's "Universal Cambist" (1831), and later as a separate book entitled "Oriental Metrology" (1832).
It will be seen from Kelly's results below that Prinsep's generalizations are only partially correct. The Gujarat maund is more closely related to the Central Indian maund than to the standardized Bombay maund, except in the town of Anjar, except that it is divided into 40 seers instead of 20 as was found in Malwa.
Madras Presidency.
Maund was known as Mudi in Tulu language

</doc>
<doc id="7019703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019703" title="One Beale">
One Beale

One Beale is a proposed four-phase development in Memphis, Tennessee. Located at the corner of Beale Street and Riverside, the $400 million riverfront development located in downtown Memphis will include high-end apartments, a full-service Hyatt hotel, and space for restaurants and events stretching 5.5 acres from Beale Street to Pontotoc Avenue and along Front Street and west to the Mississippi River. As of October 2020, One Beale had three phases under construction valued at $200 million with another $200 million in the development pipeline.
History.
In December 2005, Gene Carlisle proposed a building at Beale Street and Riverside Drive in Downtown Memphis. The first phase of One Beale was a $150 million, 27 story condominium and hotel standing at tall. The tower was to feature 168 hotel rooms and 159 condos. The tower also featured of class A office space. The architectural firm working on this project was Hnedak Bobo Group, Inc.
In August 2006, Gene Carlisle revised his proposal to include two towers. The northern tower was to be 30 stories tall and making it the tallest building in Memphis over 100 North Main which is tall. The southern tower was to be 27 stories tall. Together the proposal was for approximately 250 hotel rooms, 150 condos, of Class A office space, and of retail, commercial and meeting space.
On September 15, 2006, Land Use Control Board of Memphis unanimously approved the proposal for the tower.
The proposed towers were met with stiff opposition from residents of other buildings who complained that One Beale would block their view of the Mississippi River. Gene Carlisle responded to the opposition, "At the end of the day we're confident we'll be a great neighbor and we'll raise the property values in their part of the world. Of course, you can't please everybody and we've tried very hard to do that. We're very sensitive to this neighborhood. We've been there for a long time, almost 30 years."
On October 18, 2006, the building was unanimously approved by the Memphis City Council.
After a prolonged hiatus due to poor economic conditions, the One Beale project was revived in June 2014.
In December 2015, it was announced that Carlisle Corp. was considering adding a third tower to their development. The third tower, if built, would contain office space, reportedly in order receive federal grant money to help with the costs of modernizing the property's utilities. This plan was adjusted in April 2016, when it was announced that the hotel tower would be axed to make way for a larger office tower.
New Development.
After more than a decade of setbacks and plan revisions, on August 20, 2019, One Beale celebrated the construction start for One Beale, which promises to extend Beale Street's energy to the Mississippi River.
Chance Carlisle – Carlisle LLC CEO and lead developer for One Beale, provided new architectural renderings and updated the public on their plans for rental rates, restaurants and a development timeline.
Opening in December 2020 were the first 100 of 232 apartments that will eventually wrap around a parking structure.
Phase 3 also includes two restaurants. One is the fine-dining Amelia Gene's, which will be in the Ellis &amp; Sons Machine Shop building at the northwest corner of Front and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. The other will be Charlotte's Sweet Shop &amp; Speakeasy housed in the three-story Ellis &amp; Sons Pattern Building at the northeast corner of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Wagner.
Carlisle initially planned to develop an office tower that would have included 150 hotel rooms, and 240 condominiums and apartments. The company was set to finalize those plans in March 2020, but the emergence of COVID-19 put those plans on indefinite hold.
Carlisle's plan changed when Downtown Memphis Commission president Jennifer Oswalt asked him what he thought about restarting work on the site but changing the hotel from 150 rooms to 350 rooms.
After reviewing numbers and negotiating with the City of Memphis, Carlisle became convinced a large hotel was best for him and the city. "Our goal is to deliver to the city a hotel that can act as a bridge for the hotel rooms that were in the pipeline [prior to the pandemic] that we still need," Carlisle said. "We're trying to provide certainty … that our convention center … has the room-block agreements to be able to sell the space."
While not a convention center hotel for the Renasant Convention Center, Chance Carlisle agreed to a plan to provide a block of discounted rooms at the $190 million Grand Hyatt hotel, entering into a room-block agreement with the newly renovated Renasant Convention Center in downtown Memphis. One Beale's Hyatt Centric is also set to be included in the room-block agreement.
School districts.
One Beale would be zoned to the following Shelby County Schools campuses:

</doc>
<doc id="7019706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019706" title="Writers Guild of America West">
Writers Guild of America West

The Writers Guild of America West (WGAW) is a labor union representing film, television, radio, and new media writers. It was formed in 1954 from five organizations representing writers, including the Screen Writers Guild. It has around 20,000 members.
The WGAW and the Writers Guild of America, East (WGAE), though independent entities, jointly brand themselves together as the Writers Guild of America (WGA), and cooperate on activities such as launching coordinated strike actions and administering the Writers Guild of America Awards. The WGAE is an affiliate of the International Affiliation of Writers Guilds.
Governance.
The WGAW is governed by its membership. Elections for a board of directors are held annually by secret mail-in ballot. Half of the board is elected each year to a two-year term of office, and a board member may not serve more than four consecutive terms. In 2022 the officers are:
David Young is employed as the Guild's executive director and Tony Segall is general counsel. Young served as the Guild's chief negotiator during the 2007 contract negotiations and subsequent 100-day strike. On November 3, 2023, the guild announced that Young will be stepping down from his role and will be replaced with Ellen Stutzman.
According to WGAW's Department of Labor records since 2006, over half of the guild's total membership is ineligible to vote, comprising the guild's "post current", "emeritus", and "associate" members.
Past presidents.
Since the formation of the Writers Guild of America West (WGAW) in 1954 there have been 33 presidents. The first President was screenwriter Richard L. Breen, followed by:
Edmund L. Hartmann, Curtis Kenyon, Ken Englund, Charles Schnee, James R. Webb, Nate Monaster, Christopher Knopf, Michael Blankfort, Melville Shavelson, Ranald MacDougall, John Furia Jr., David W. Rintels, Daniel Taradash, Frank Pierson, Ernest Lehman, George Kirgo, Del Reisman, Brad Radnitz, Daniel Petrie Jr., John Wells, Victoria Riskin, Charles D. Holland, Patric M. Verrone, Christopher Keyser, Howard A. Rodman and David A. Goodman.
The current president is screenwriter and producer Meredith Stiehm.
History.
The Screen Writers Guild (SWG) was formed in 1921 by a group of ten screenwriters in Hollywood angered over wage reductions announced by the major film studios.&lt;ref name="WG-foundation/SWG-history"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; The group affiliated with the Authors Guild in 1933 and began representing TV writers in 1948. In 1954, the SWG was one of five groups who merged to represent professional writers on both coasts and became the Writers Guild of America, East (WGAe) and West (WGAW). Howard J. Green and John Howard Lawson were the first two presidents during the SWG era. Daniel Taradash was president of the WGAW from 1977 to 1979.
In 1952, the Guild authorized movie studios to delete onscreen credits for any writers who had not been cleared by Congress, as part of the industry's blacklisting of writers with alleged communist or leftist leanings or affiliations.
From March to August 1988, WGAW members were on strike against the major American television networks in a dispute over residuals from repeat airings and foreign/home video use of scripted shows and made-for-TV movies. The 22-week strike crippled American broadcast television and drove millions of viewers, disgusted with the lack of new scripted programming, to cable channels and home video, a blow to ratings and revenues from which, some industry watchers argue, the networks have never fully recovered.
In 2004, Victoria Riskin resigned as WGAW President after being accused by her opponent Eric Hughes during the 2003 election of using a sham writing contract to maintain her membership status. She was replaced by vice-president Charles Holland, who resigned a few weeks later when questions arose about statements he had made about his college football career and his claim of having secretly served in combat as a Green Beret, a claim his army records did not support. After Riskin's resignation, the U.S. Department of Labor investigated the sham contract and concluded that Riskin was indeed ineligible to run. The WGAW entered into a settlement by offering to re-run the election under DOL supervision. A new election was held in September 2004 between Eric Hughes and Daniel Petrie Jr. which Petrie won.
On April 17, 2019, WGA West and WGA East filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles Superior Court against the four dominant Hollywood talent agencies, William Morris Agency, Creative Artists Agency, United Talent Agency and ICM Partners, citing movie packaging fee practices, which the WGA asserts are a violation of state and federal laws. Approximately 95 percent of Guild members voted "in favor of a code of conduct that would cease packaging fees."
During the week following its lawsuit filing; "en masse", over 7,000 Guild members fired their talent agents, as "not just drastically out-earning them, but preventing them from receiving better pay." WGA president David A. Goodman was then quoted as stating to NPR "that in a period of unprecedented profits and growth of our business ... writers themselves are actually earning less".
Reality United.
In June 2005, WGAW started a "reality rights" campaign to allow writers of reality television shows to qualify for guild rights and benefits. The union maintained that the storytellers who conceive the tests and confrontations on such shows were "bona fide" writers. The Guild also expressed concern the 1988 strike showed that lack of representation in the genre would weaken their future bargaining position. Studio executives maintained that these employees were primarily editors, not writers, and that the shows needed to appear to be unscripted in order for viewers to feel they were "real."
As part of this campaign, on September 20, 2006, the WGAW held a Los Angeles unity rally in support of the "America's Next Top Model" writers' strike. President Patric Verrone said, "Every piece of media with a moving image on a screen or a recorded voice must have a writer, and every writer must have a WGA contract."
On November 6, 2006, the WGAW filed an unfair labor practice complaint with the National Labor Relations Board after "Top Model" producers said the show's next season would be produced using a new system that would not require writers. In response, Verrone said, "as they demanded union representation, the company decided they were expendable. This is illegal strikebreaking."
Work stoppages.
2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike.
On November 2, 2007, the Guild again went on strike, this time over writers' share of revenues from DVD releases and from Internet, cellphone shows, and other new media uses of programs and films written by members. The strike vote followed the expiration of the guild's contract with the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers.
2023 Writers Guild of America strike.
Since March 2023, the Writers Guild of America had been in contract negotiations with the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers (AMPTP). The current contract ended at 11:59 PM PDT on May 1, 2023.
Since an acceptable new contract was not negotiated, WGA members officially voted for a strike commencing on May 2, 2023. The vote by WGA members was: 9,020 (97.85%) in favor and 198 (2.15%) opposed. Total ballots cast was 9,218 (78.79% of eligible WGA members). The vote set a new record for both turnout and the percentage of support in a strike authorization vote.
On April 22, 2023, the SAG-AFTRA National Board voted unanimously to pass a resolution in support of WGA negotiations with the AMPTP.
In preparation, the WGA published its strike rules. The WGA Negotiating Committee is led by Ellen Stutzman (chief negotiator), David A. Goodman (co-chair) and Chris Keyser (co-chair).
On May 1, 2023, negotiations between WGA and AMPTP concluded without a deal. Hollywood trade publication Deadline reported that as of May 2, 2023 at 12:01 am PDT the Writers Guild of America was on strike. On September 23, 2023, news outlets reported that the WGA and Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers were close to a final resolution and expected a resolution to be had by the end of the weekend. On September 24, 2023, it was announced that the writers and the studios reached a tentative agreement.
Magazine.
"Written By", the WGAW's official journal since 1997, is published six times a year.
Writers Guild Theater.
"Writers Guild Theater", on South Doheny Drive, in Beverly Hills, is a 473-seat theater, with 2,000 square feet of "flexible space".
Writers Guild Foundation.
In 1966, the Writers Guild Foundation was founded by Writers Guild members to raise money for writers to attend the International Writers Guild conference in Los Angeles.&lt;ref name="wgfoundation/history"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; The Writers Guild Foundation is a 501(c)(3) non profit organization that is affiliated with, but independent of, the WGAW.&lt;ref name="wgfoundation/faq"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7019713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019713" title="Arms-for-hostages">
Arms-for-hostages



</doc>
<doc id="7019715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019715" title="Rogačevo">
Rogačevo

Rogačevo is a small village located in the north-western part of North Macedonia, 26 km away from the city of Tetovo and 1 km away from the village of Jažince, the border crossing point with Kosovo. It used to be part of the former municipality of Vratnica.
Žerovjane is Rogačevo in the 1467/68 Ottoman tax registry (defter) for the Nahiyah of Kalkandelen. The village had a total of 59 Christian households and 4 bachelors.
Rogacevo is situated in the upper part of the Polog plain, at the foothills of the northern part of the Šar Mountains, under the Luboten peak. Around a hundred houses are present with about 500 people living here. Since the time the village was founded, it has been Christian Orthodox.
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 347 inhabitants.
In statistics gathered by Vasil Kanchov in 1900, the village of Rogačevo was inhabited by 210 Orthodox Bulgarians.

</doc>
<doc id="7019717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019717" title="Wílton Figueiredo">
Wílton Figueiredo

Wílton Aguiar Figueiredo (; born 17 March 1982) is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder or forward.
Career.
Ceará and GAIS.
A native of São Paulo, Brazil, Figueiredo played with such talents as AC Milan's Kaká and Inter Milan's Adriano at youth level. Figueiredo himself has never played at the top flight in Brazil. After a season with second division side Ceará FC he went to Sweden for a try-out session with AIK. After 40 days he was rejected and went to try out with GAIS. AIK had just been relegated from the top level and were not willing to take any economic risk, and thus did not offer the free agent a contract. Instead upon hearing of this news, GAIS acted quickly and signed Figueiredo for three years.
AIK.
After having scored only two goals during the second half of the Superettan campaign he still garnered the interest of AIK who moved for a swoop during the pre-season of 2006. GAIS willingly agreed. Figueiredo enjoyed massive success in 2006, starting all but two games and scoring eleven goals for his new club in his debut season. The team finished as second in Allsvenskan, missing the title with only one single point.
On 19 January 2007, Figueiredo signed a new contract with AIK until the end of 2009.
Al Rayyan.
A capable striker with a drilling shot and a strong ability to keep the ball at his feet while at the same time being able to find the through passes, Figueiredo was considered one of the best strikers in the Swedish league and attracted the interest from international clubs. In September 2007 he signed a five-year long deal with Qatari side Al Rayyan. However, he moved on loan to Al Kharaitiyat in August 2008.
Malmö FF.
In April 2009 Figueiredo moved to Malmö FF in Sweden. Intended as the replacement of PSV Eindhoven-bound Ola Toivonen, Figueiredo was considered one of the most expensive purchases of a Swedish club ever. He was given the number 9 shirt and there were big expectations for the 2009 season, However Figueiredo scored only four goals in 24 games and was considered a disappointment by some. In his second season with Malmö, Figueiredo was moved down to the central midfield, where he had much greater success, being a key player in Malmö's resurgence during the spring of 2010, scoring quite a few spectacular goals from long range as well. He formed a strong and balanced midfield in the 2010 season together with teammate Ivo Pekalski where Figueiredo worked the offence and Pekalski the defence. At the end of the season Figueiredo won his first title ever with Malmö being at the top of the table. Still playing as central midfielder, Figueiredo managed to score five goals for the 2011 season as well. Figueiredo played slightly less for the 2012 season and produced the same number of goals as the last season. On 5 November 2012, after the last league fixture of the season it was announced that Figueiredo would leave Malmö FF when his contract ends on 1 January 2013.
Gaziantepspor.
On 8 January 2013, Wilton Figueiredo joined Gaziantepspor in the Turkish Süper Lig on a free transfer.
Viborg FF.
On 14 October 2013, Wilton Figueiredo joined Viborg FF in the Danish Superliga.
Honours.
Malmö FF
External links.
Santo André

</doc>
<doc id="7019722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019722" title="Dennis J. Buckley Jr.">
Dennis J. Buckley Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="7019725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019725" title="ESPN Classic Remembers">
ESPN Classic Remembers

ESPN Classic Remembers is a television program on ESPN Classic that chronicles historic games and events, personalities and other sports milestones. The show debuted on September 11, 2006 and is hosted by ESPN "SportsCenter" personality Chris McKendry. It is primarily a thirty-minute program followed by a rerun of the sporting event it is chronicling.
The first episode of "ESPN Classic Remembers" aired on the fifth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks and its impact on the sports world. It was followed by a replay of the only edition of "SportsCenter" to air that night announcing the cancellation of all sporting events for at least a week. That "SportsCenter" was hosted by Bob Ley and Trey Wingo, who also gave commentary about that night.
Often, the series is used in retrospect following the death of a notable sports figure or a significant anniversary of a major event that changed the face of sports. In 2007, it was used on the 25th anniversary of the Duk Koo Kim vs Ray Mancini fight in 1982 that resulted in Kim's death, and included the airing of the Korean film Champion.
Season one.
The first season began airing in September 2006. Show topics discussed include "ESPN Classic Remembers:"

</doc>
<doc id="7019728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019728" title="ADIRU">
ADIRU



</doc>
<doc id="7019731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019731" title="&quot;Babbacombe&quot; Lee">
&quot;Babbacombe&quot; Lee

"Babbacombe" Lee is a 1971 album by British folk rock group Fairport Convention, which tells the life story of John Babbacombe Lee, a Victorian-era alleged murderer who was condemned to death but was reprieved after the gallows failed on three occasions to work properly. After the commercial and chart success of its predecessor, "Angel Delight", the album sold disappointingly, though it was critically acclaimed, and is regarded by the authors of "The Electric Muse" (1975) as the first "folk rock opera". It was the band's seventh album since their debut in 1968.
Concept.
The album follows John "Babbacombe" Lee's life story. The events of his life are described in song, from his boyhood through his conviction for murder, sentence of death, and the failure to carry out the execution. The songs describe his boyhood poverty, his time in the Royal Navy, and his being invalided out. The album then describes how Lee went to work in the service of a Miss Keyes. While Lee was in her service, she was murdered, and he was accused, tried and convicted of the crime, and sentenced to death; however, when authorities attempted to hang him, the gallows failed three times, resulting in his release. These events are all told in song, and all but one of those songs are originals.
Dave Swarbrick has explained that he conceived the album after discovering a file of old newspaper clippings in a junk shop; this file contained John Lee's own copies of the newspaper articles and was bound by him, signed and dated 30 January 1908.
Because of its relatively complete narrative structure, ""Babbacombe" Lee" is regarded by the authors of "The Electric Muse" (1975) as a rock opera, and because of the band's musical style, in particular the first folk rock opera.
Track listing.
The original album listed tracks episodically rather than as discrete tracks, reflecting the structure of the narrative.
Each of the five sections is composed of a number of songs and fragments of songs that were not listed separately on the original album.
A&amp;M Records released a banded LP pressing for American radio stations. It removed the two spoken passages during side one, and (like the standard release) listed Fairport Convention as the collective writers of all tracks except "The Sailor's Alphabet," which had the credit "thanks to Bert Lloyd."
The later release of the album abandoned the original five-part division and lists the songs as separate tracks complete with songwriting credits, as follows:
Two additional bonus tracks appear on some post-2004 CD releases:
These tracks were recorded in late 1974 for the BBC 2 documentary about John Lee narrated by Melvyn Bragg. The programme was broadcast in the BBC 2 "2nd House" series as "The Man They Couldn't Hang – John Lee" on 1 February 1975. Personnel: Dave Swarbrick, Dave Pegg, Dave Mattacks, Jerry Donahue, Simon Nicol (although he was not in the band at this time, Nicol made a brief return for this one-off project), with, for one song, the newly returned Sandy Denny.
2011 "Babbacombe" Lee Live Again.
In 2011, to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the original album, Fairport performed "Babbacombe" Lee in its entirety on both their Winter Tour and at the Cropredy Festival in August. The performance was released as a CD &amp; digital download in 2012, with a line-up of Simon Nicol, Dave Pegg, Ric Sanders, Chris Leslie and Gerry Conway.
Personnel.
on 16 and 17:

</doc>
<doc id="7019734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019734" title="Blackpool Wren Rovers F.C.">
Blackpool Wren Rovers F.C.

Blackpool Wren Rovers Football Club is a football club based in Blackpool, Lancashire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Brews Park, which is located on School Road; the ground adjoins the ground of Squires Gate, and is also very close to the ground of AFC Blackpool.
Blackpool Wren Rovers are members of the Lancashire Football Association. The club's colours are red shirts and red shorts.
History.
The club were formed in 1931 and were originally known as Wren Rovers. They changed the club name to Blackpool Rovers in 1990, before adopting their present name in 1998. They were founder members of the re-formed West Lancashire League in 1959, and subsequently played in the Lancashire Combination and the North West Counties League. They entered the FA Cup regularly between 1983–84 and 1990–91. Financial considerations necessitated that they dropped down the football pyramid, and they returned to the West Lancashire League.
The club operates a women's football club, Blackpool Wren Rovers L.F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="7019738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019738" title="Val D'Illiez">
Val D'Illiez



</doc>
<doc id="7019745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019745" title="Lysteria">
Lysteria



</doc>
<doc id="7019751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019751" title="New York Edition">
New York Edition

The New York Edition of Henry James' fiction was a 24-volume collection of the Anglo-American writer's novels, novellas and short stories, originally published in the U.S. and the UK between 1907 and 1909, with a photogravure frontispiece for each volume by Alvin Langdon Coburn. Two more volumes containing James' unfinished novels, "The Ivory Tower" and "The Sense of the Past", were issued in 1917 in a format consistent with the original set. The entire collection was republished during the 1960s by Charles Scribner's Sons. The official title of the set was "The Novels and Tales of Henry James", though the more informal title was suggested by James himself and appears as a subtitle on the series title page in each volume. It has been used almost exclusively by subsequent commentators.
Prefaces.
James wrote a series of prefaces for the set which have become the focus of intense critical attention. Written in the ornate style of his final years, the prefaces discuss such important topics in the writing of fiction as point of view, the central intelligence of the protagonist, "foreshortening" or the presentation of complex material in a reasonable length, creating the sense of wonder necessary for effective storytelling, the need for attention on the part of the reader, the proper selections and exclusions of additional developments of the original narrative idea, the relationship between narrative art and ordinary human life, and the contrast between romanticism and realism. James also explored the origins of many of his fictions and often recounted personal experiences involved in their writing, such as the distracting beauty of Venice where he wrote much of "The Portrait of a Lady".
Construction and criticism.
James excluded much of his fiction from the edition, especially many early works from the 1860s, 1870s and 1880s. Critical controversy has swirled around the exclusion of such works as "Washington Square" and "The Europeans". Although he spent a great deal of time and effort on the edition, James' hopes for financial returns were largely disappointed. The edition sold poorly, as James lamented in his letters. To his friend Edmund Gosse, James wrote in 1915:
James was an inveterate reviser of his works, and for the edition he made extensive alterations in many of his fictions, especially earlier works like "Roderick Hudson" and "The American". These revisions have also come under extensive critical scrutiny. Some commentators such as F.R. Leavis have decried the revisions as verbose and unnecessary tinkerings with the original, superior versions. Other writers such as Philip Horne have generally favored the revisions as heightening and deepening the effects of James' fiction. A number of biographers and critics, including Leon Edel and Michael Anesko, have discussed the construction of the edition and the compromises James made in selecting and excluding certain works due to commercial demands and his own tastes and preferences.

</doc>
<doc id="7019752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019752" title="Little Saxham">
Little Saxham

Little Saxham is a village and former civil parish, now in the parish of The Saxhams, in the West Suffolk district, in the county of Suffolk, England. The village appears as "Sexham" in the Domesday Book and as "Saxham Parva" in 1254. In 1961 the parish had a population of 92. On 1 April 1988 the parish was merged with Great Saxham to form "The Saxhams".
Little Saxham St. Nicholas.
Its church, St Nicholas, is one of 38 existing round-tower churches in Suffolk.
Architecture.
The church is almost entirely of flint construction, the round tower also of flint, having little to reveal the age of building except for the obviously Romanesque arcading in the upper part. The tower resembles the one at nearby Risby - perhaps it is, in the lower part at least, by the same builder, as there are no other round-tower churches nearby. It tapers slightly from bottom to top, a lower window (apparently also Romanesque) having a zigzag design round the sides and arch. A small window in the west side of the tower with a monolithic head seems to match one of the north side with apparently Romanesque tooling. Inside, the tower arch, between tower and nave, is very simple, but it is very tall in proportion to its width, often seen as more of a Saxon than a Norman feature. A capital has a superficial double spiral carving and there is a roll moulding - also Anglo-Saxon features - but they may have been deliberately archaic at the time of construction. The doorway from the south porch to the nave also has an enigmatic roll moulding and similar spirals on the capitals, but the decoration of the arch and the plain tympanum are more credibly Romanesque.
Heraldry.
Heraldry of the church includes, on a late gothic panelled area,
Lucas or Fitz Lucas (Thomas Lucas of Little Saxham Hall, died 1531, Solicitor General to King Henry VII - ?VIII -): "Argent, a fesse between six annulets Gules"
Lucas (as above) quartering Morieux: " Gules, on a bend Argent six (or seven or nine) billets (or billetty) Sable"
Kemeys (?) "Quarterly, 1st and 4th Argent, a lion rampant Sable, crowned Gules, 2nd and 3rd Vert, on a chevron Argent three broad arrows Sable"
In a window, with the inscription "Lieut. Col. James Grove White Crofts, died March 1901 ... ": "Or, three bulls' heads and necks couped Sable" as above. The same surname and arms noted at Sompting Abbotts, Sussex.
Other Monuments.
Other monuments include the matrix of a memorial brass on the floor, with four shield shapes, and, on a dark ledger slab (floor slab) by the altar rails the following inscription:
"Hoc Saxo Tegitur Corpus Michaelis Emont Clerici Qui In Hac Ecclesia (Quam per 44 Annos Religiosissime Administrauit) Mortalitatis Exciuias Spe Resurgendi Pie Deposuit Mensis Sextilis Die 14o Anno Ætatis suæ 83 / Salutis 1661 Disce quid est quid eris; Memor esto quod Morieri." 
[Attempted translation: "This stone covers the body of Michael Emon cleric who in this church (in which for 44 years he administered most religiously) [without succumbing to pestilence] in the hope of rising again, mercifully passing away in good health aged 83 on 14 August 1661. Learn what is and what you will be; remember that what will be is dying."]

</doc>
<doc id="7019754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019754" title="Dennis Joseph Buckley, Jr.">
Dennis Joseph Buckley, Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="7019757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019757" title="Ayent">
Ayent

Ayent is a municipality in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
History.
The Ayent area is first mentioned in 1052 as "Agent". In 1250 it was mentioned as "Argenta".
Geography.
Ayent has an area, , of . Of this area, or 18.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 24.2% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 4.6% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.4% is either rivers or lakes and or 50.7% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 2.5% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.6%. Out of the forested land, 20.4% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.4% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.5% is used for growing crops and 5.2% is pastures, while 3.2% is used for orchards or vine crops and 10.0% is used for alpine pastures. Of the water in the municipality, 1.1% is in lakes and 0.2% is in rivers and streams. Of the unproductive areas, 8.2% is unproductive vegetation, 39.6% is too rocky for vegetation and 3.0% of the land is covered by glaciers.
The municipality is located on a high terrace on the right side of the Rhone river. It consists of the villages and hamlets of Botyre, Luc, Saxonne, La Place, Blignou, Fortunau, Saint-Romain, Signèse, Villa, Argnou and the tourist development of Anzère (which was built in 1969). There is no Ayent village in the municipality.
The reservoir Lac de Tseuzier is located on the border with Icogne.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure a Lion rampant Or langued and armed Gules holding in dexter a sword Argent."
Demographics.
Ayent has a population () of . , 10.6% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1999–2009) the population has changed at a rate of 11.6%. It has changed at a rate of 12.4% due to migration and at a rate of 0% due to births and deaths.
Most of the population () speaks French (2,808 or 93.6%) as their first language, German is the second most common (83 or 2.8%) and Portuguese is the third (41 or 1.4%). There are 15 people who speak Italian and 1 person who speaks Romansh.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.7% male and 50.3% female. The population was made up of 1,537 Swiss men (44.0% of the population) and 196 (5.6%) non-Swiss men. There were 1,567 Swiss women (44.9%) and 190 (5.4%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 1,903 or about 63.4% were born in Ayent and lived there in 2000. There were 433 or 14.4% who were born in the same canton, while 294 or 9.8% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 274 or 9.1% were born outside of Switzerland.
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 20.9% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 60.5% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 18.6%.
, there were 1,130 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 1,638 married individuals, 166 widows or widowers and 67 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 1,210 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.4 persons per household. There were 318 households that consist of only one person and 77 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 1,248 households that answered this question, 25.5% were households made up of just one person and there were 24 adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 374 married couples without children, 431 married couples with children There were 46 single parents with a child or children. There were 17 households that were made up of unrelated people and 38 households that were made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 925 single family homes (or 70.1% of the total) out of a total of 1,320 inhabited buildings. There were 294 multi-family buildings (22.3%), along with 65 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (4.9%) and 36 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (2.7%).
, a total of 1,153 apartments (39.0% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 1,028 apartments (34.8%) were seasonally occupied and 774 apartments (26.2%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 6.9 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.09%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 38.87% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (29.03%), the SVP (12.79%) and the FDP (10.25%). In the federal election, a total of 1,729 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 65.3%.
In the 2009 Conseil d'État/Staatsrat election a total of 1,553 votes were cast, of which 86 or about 5.5% were invalid. The voter participation was 59.1%, which is similar to the cantonal average of 54.67%. In the 2007 Swiss Council of States election a total of 1,707 votes were cast, of which 108 or about 6.3% were invalid. The voter participation was 65.8%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 59.88%.
Economy.
, Ayent had an unemployment rate of 4.8%. , there were 121 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 59 businesses involved in this sector. 208 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 34 businesses in this sector. 478 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 107 businesses in this sector. There were 1,499 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 42.6% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 622. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 73, of which 65 were in agriculture and 8 were in forestry or lumber production. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 194 of which 26 or (13.4%) were in manufacturing and 164 (84.5%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 355. In the tertiary sector; 70 or 19.7% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 35 or 9.9% were in the movement and storage of goods, 99 or 27.9% were in a hotel or restaurant, 1 was in the information industry, 5 or 1.4% were the insurance or financial industry, 34 or 9.6% were technical professionals or scientists, 21 or 5.9% were in education and 10 or 2.8% were in health care.
, there were 187 workers who commuted into the municipality and 855 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 4.6 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 8.2% used public transportation to get to work, and 77.2% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 2,593 or 86.4% were Roman Catholic, while 140 or 4.7% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 16 members of an Orthodox church (or about 0.53% of the population), and there were 20 individuals (or about 0.67% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 6 (or about 0.20% of the population) who were Islamic. There were 2 individuals who were Buddhist, 1 person who was Hindu and 2 individuals who belonged to another church. 132 (or about 4.40% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 96 individuals (or about 3.20% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Ayent about 1,004 or (33.5%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 299 or (10.0%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 299 who completed tertiary schooling, 57.9% were Swiss men, 27.1% were Swiss women, 7.7% were non-Swiss men and 7.4% were non-Swiss women.
, there were 4 students in Ayent who came from another municipality, while 92 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Ayent is home to the "Bibliothèque communale et scolaire" library. The library has () 10,332 books or other media, and loaned out 28,200 items in the same year. It was open a total of 260 days with average of 22 hours per week during that year.

</doc>
<doc id="7019758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019758" title="Dennis Buckley, Jr.">
Dennis Buckley, Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="7019759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019759" title="Raines (surname)">
Raines (surname)

Raines is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="7019760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019760" title="Bryan MacMahon (writer)">
Bryan MacMahon (writer)

Bryan Michael MacMahon (29 September 1909 – 13 February 1998) was an Irish playwright, novelist, short story and children's book writer from Listowel, County Kerry. A schoolteacher by training, his works include "The Lion Tamer, Patsy-o and his Wonderful Pets" and "The Red Petticoat". He wrote an autobiography, "The Master", and his works include an English translation of "Peig", the Irish-language autobiography of "Peig Sayers".
Early life and education.
MacMahon was born on 29 September 1909 to parents Patrick and Joanna MacMahon, in Listowel, County Kerry. He was one of four children, his father was a clerk in a law office, a butter-buyer and exporter, and his mother was a schoolteacher. His father was also a member of the Gaelic League. He had a traditional country up-bringing, which he illustrated in the first chapters of "The Storyman" (1994). He learned his love for the Irish language from his grandmother, who was a native Irish speaker. His grandfather was weighmaster in charge of the market and Bryan assisted him often. He was educated in Scoil Réalta na Maidine, Lios Tuathail, and then St Michael's College, Listowel, where he was influenced by the writer Seamus Wilmot, who encouraged him in his passion for writing. Like his mother, he also had a passion for teaching. He attended St. Patrick's Teacher Training College in Drumcondra, County Dublin. After this, he taught in Donore Avenue, off South Circular Road in Dublin. Due to family pressures, he resigned from his teaching post in Dublin in 1931 and returned to Listowel, where he lived for the remainder of his life.
He became principal teacher of Scoil Réalta na Maidine and taught there for 44 years. During the Second World War, MacMahon worked in factories in England. He wrote about this experience in his 'Plain People of England' column for "The Bell" magazine. He opened a book shop in his wife Kitty's name on the main street of Listowel.
Family.
MacMahon married his wife Kathleen "Kitty" Ryan in 1936. Kathleen was born on 14 June 1911 in Cashel, County Tipperary, to parents James Ryan and Ellen Ryan (née O’Connor). MacMahon and Ryan were married in the Roman Catholic Church of Cashel on 4 November 1936. They had five sons, including Bryan, a judge of the Irish High Court, and Garry, who played Gaelic football for the Kerry senior inter-county team from 1958 to 1962 and went on to practice law. One of his other sons, Owen, is a solicitor with PG MacMahon Solicitors.
Later life.
During his later years, MacMahon paid more attention to the media while continuing to publish. Together with John B. Keane as well as other Irish playwrights, he founded "Listowel Writers' Week" in 1970, an international literacy festival based in MacMahon's home town of Listowel. In 1989, MacMahon featured on "The Late Late Show", with Gay Byrne. MacMahon published his first autobiography, "The Master", in 1992, which documented his career in teaching. The book went on to win the 1993 "The" "American Ireland Literary Award""." MacMahon released a second autobiography in 1994, "The" "Storyman", which focused primarily on his career as a writer.
Throughout his career, MacMahon was awarded many accolades for his contributions to Irish literature including the "Kerryman of the Year" award in 1987. He also was awarded "American Ireland Fund Literary Award" 1993 and the award of the degree of LID from the National University of Ireland in recognition of his work. MacMahon was a member of the Aosdána. MacMahon's final book, a collection of fictional conversations between men and women, is entitled "A Final Fling," and was published in 1998. MacMahon died on the 13 February 1998, in Beaumont Hospital, Dublin. After his death, his colleague John B. Keane said: "The streets have lost their star. He was a giant and a gentleman, and we were lucky to have had him for so long."

</doc>
<doc id="7019761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019761" title="Dennis Joseph Buckley">
Dennis Joseph Buckley



</doc>
<doc id="7019763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019763" title="Dennis J. Buckley">
Dennis J. Buckley



</doc>
<doc id="7019766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019766" title="Dennis Buckley">
Dennis Buckley



</doc>
<doc id="7019771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019771" title="Budkovce">
Budkovce

Budkovce ( ) a village and municipality in Michalovce District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1319. Before the establishment of independent Czechoslovakia in 1918, it was part of Zemplén County within the Kingdom of Hungary.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 102 metres and covers an area of  (2020-06-30/-07-01).
Ethnicity.
The population is almost entirely Slovak in ethnicity.
Population.
Its population is  1,508 people (2020-12-31).
Government.
The village relies on the tax and district offices, police force and fire brigade at Michalovce although the village has its own birth registry.
Economy.
The village has a post office, a Slovak bank and insurance company and a number of food stores.
Sports.
The village has a football pitch and a gymnasium.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Presov, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="7019773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019773" title="Aliens Stole My Dad">
Aliens Stole My Dad



</doc>
<doc id="7019775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019775" title="Bernard Punsley">
Bernard Punsley



</doc>
<doc id="7019778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019778" title="Evolène">
Evolène

Evolène is a municipality in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
It includes the villages of Evolène, Les Haudères, La Sage, Villa, La Forclaz, and Arolla, the hamlets of Lannaz and La Tour, and the hollow of Ferpècle.
History.
The prehistoric rock carvings at Alpage De Cotter and the Maison d’habitation in Les Haudères are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Evolène is first mentioned in 1250 as "Ewelina". In 1444 it was mentioned as "in loco de Evolena".
The municipality was formed in 1882 by division of Hérens municipality into Evolène and Saint-Martin. 
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure, issuant from a base Vert a mountain Argent, in chief dexter two Mullets of Five and a bird vollant all Or."
Avalanches of 21 February 1999.
On 21 February 1999, Evolène was the place of a number of fatal avalanches that caused the deaths of 12 people. This was due to a substantial amount of snow which fell on the Alps during the winter of 1999.
The amount of snow that fell during the end of January and the month of February was huge. In spite of this, the snow was able to retain cohesion due to favourable, relatively constant temperature. The situation, however, worsened on the Thursday the 18th, three days before the drama. Weather reports indicated that temperatures were set to rise and between Thursday night and Friday morning, the temperature rose 5 degrees Celsius. This rapid rise caused a mixing between the old and the new layers of snow. In this state, the risk of an avalanche was considered to be at level 3, on a scale of 5. The situation was still not considered to be critical and therefore it was not seen as necessary to instigate any emergency measures. On Saturday 20 February, the avalanche danger was increased to level 4 due to between of fresh snow that fell on the older, established layers, meaning that the possibility of the new layer literally sliding off the older layer (after slight melting) increased. The temperature remained constant between Saturday (20th) and Sunday 21 February, until midday on Sunday when it began to rapidly rise due to prolonged exposure to the sun.
At precisely 8.27 pm, the first two avalanches were set off on the slopes above Villa, at an altitude around . They were a combination of fresh powder snow and established spring snow and demolished all trees and chalets in their path, as well as the people unlucky enough to be in the chalets at the time. The two avalanches continued to run along the extremities of Villa and eventually formed as one massive fusion of snow and debris reaching up to high that came to rest down the slope, after taking 12 lives and cutting off the main road between Evolène and des Haudères.
Geography.
Evolène has an area, , of . Of this area, 17.7% is used for agricultural purposes, while 12.0% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 0.9% is settled (buildings or roads) and 69.3% is unproductive land.
The municipality is located in the Hérens district and was part of Hérens until 1882.
It is located south of Sion in the Pennine Alps. It is one of the last strongholds of the Franco-Provençal language, being the only village in Switzerland where all generations speak it.
The commune of Evolène is situated in the Val d'Hérens. Evolène is one of the largest municipalities in Switzerland despite having no more than 1,600 inhabitants. This is due to the broken nature of its surrounding alpine terrain, which includes the highest point in the commune, la Dent Blanche (white tooth) at . Due to its mountain terrain Evolène is subjected to a number of natural dangers such as avalanches and aggressive erosion of its main river due to the recession of three surrounding glaciers.
The commune is made up of several close-lying villages. The main village is Evolène, fortunately situated on a plateau above the river (to avoid flooding of the river), as well as being protected from avalanches by a surrounding forest. Thanks to its favourable position, Evolène was quickly established as the safest village to expand and therefore has become the biggest village in the commune.
Other villages that make up the Evolène commune, such as Arolla, les Haudères, La Sage, La Forclaz and Villa do not benefit from the same level of natural protection as Evolène and are therefore exposed to more risks and have thus become less desirable to develop. The small village of les Haudères is closely situated to Evolène, at the very extremity of Val d'Hérens. The even smaller villages of Villa and La Sage are found about up from Evolène. Orientated towards the South, Villa and La Sage benefit from generous sunlight hours. They are also situated near large Swiss mountain meadows which extend up to an altitude of . 
The villages of Evolène and Les Haudères and the hamlet of Lana are part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Demographics.
Evolène has a population () of . , 7.7% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1999–2009 ) the population has changed at a rate of 5.5%. It has changed at a rate of 2.3% due to migration and at a rate of 1.6% due to births and deaths.
Most of the population () speaks French (1,471 or 96.6%) as their first language, Portuguese is the second most common (20 or 1.3%) and German is the third (13 or 0.9%). There are 7 people who speak Italian.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.1% male and 50.9% female. The population was made up of 745 Swiss men (45.5% of the population) and 58 (3.5%) non-Swiss men. There were 768 Swiss women (46.9%) and 65 (4.0%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 1,153 or about 75.8% were born in Evolène and lived there in 2000. There were 111 or 7.3% who were born in the same canton, while 97 or 6.4% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 121 or 8.0% were born outside of Switzerland.
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 24.4% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 59.7% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 15.9%.
, there were 631 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 733 married individuals, 107 widows or widowers and 51 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 579 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.6 persons per household. There were 153 households that consist of only one person and 52 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 598 households that answered this question, 25.6% were households made up of just one person and there were 16 adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 133 married couples without children, 224 married couples with children There were 39 single parents with a child or children. There were 14 households that were made up of unrelated people and 19 households that were made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 547 single family homes (or 61.0% of the total) out of a total of 897 inhabited buildings. There were 236 multi-family buildings (26.3%), along with 55 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (6.1%) and 59 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (6.6%).
, a total of 548 apartments (36.4% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 767 apartments (51.0%) were seasonally occupied and 190 apartments (12.6%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 6.1 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 2.84%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Language.
Evolène is one of the few Swiss-Romande municipalities still using a variety of Arpitan (also known as "Franco-Provençal") for oral communication. Evolène is considered as the last stronghold of the Arpitan language across the Swiss part of its historical domain. However, as children are schooled in French only, only about a third of all children regularly use their regional language among themselves.
Religion.
From the , 1,379 or 90.6% were Roman Catholic, while 39 or 2.6% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were six individuals (or about 0.39% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There was one person who was Buddhist and one individual who belonged to another church. 53 (or about 3.48% of the population) belonged to no church, were agnostic or atheist, and 44 individuals (or about 2.89% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Evolène about 470 or (30.9%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 116 or (7.6%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 116 who completed tertiary schooling, 54.3% were Swiss men, 31.9% were Swiss women, 7.8% were non-Swiss men and 6.0% were non-Swiss women.
, there were 118 students from Evolène who attended schools outside the municipality.
Events.
The municipality is a popular area for nature lovers and winter sports seekers as well as a popular resort for writers and artists due to its tranquil settings.
Traditional annual cow fights are held around the beginning of May each year (signalling the release of cows after spending the winter indoors) and jointly shared between Evolène, les Haudères and La Sage.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 57.73% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (12.37%), the FDP (10.33%) and the SP (8.82%). In the federal election, a total of 1,128 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 86.6%.
In the 2009 Conseil d'État/Staatsrat election a total of 1,002 votes were cast, of which 37 or about 3.7% were invalid. The voter participation was 78.5%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 54.67%. In the 2007 Swiss Council of States election a total of 1,109 votes were cast, of which 37 or about 3.3% were invalid. The voter participation was 86.1%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 59.88%.
Economy.
, Evolène had an unemployment rate of 3.2%. , there were 179 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 80 businesses involved in this sector. 99 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 23 businesses in this sector. 287 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 91 businesses in this sector. There were 732 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 41.0% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 411. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 88, of which 85 were in agriculture and 3 were in forestry or lumber production. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 95 of which 26 or (27.4%) were in manufacturing and 49 (51.6%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 228. In the tertiary sector; 61 or 26.8% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 17 or 7.5% were in the movement and storage of goods, 94 or 41.2% were in a hotel or restaurant, 4 or 1.8% were the insurance or financial industry, 12 or 5.3% were technical professionals or scientists, 8 or 3.5% were in education and 13 or 5.7% were in health care.
, there were 14 workers who commuted into the municipality and 238 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 17.0 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 6.4% used public transportation to get to work, and 61.3% used a private car.
Twin town.
Evolène is twinned with the town of Châtelaillon-Plage, France.

</doc>
<doc id="7019782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019782" title="1970 London to Mexico World Cup Rally">
1970 London to Mexico World Cup Rally

The 1970 London-Mexico World Cup Rally was the first of two World Cup Rallies to be held and the second of four marathon rallies to be held in a nine-year period beginning with the 1968 London-Sydney Marathon. The motor rally started at Wembley Stadium in London on 19 April 1970 and finished in Mexico City on 27 May 1970, covering approximately through Europe and South America. It was won by Hannu Mikkola and Gunnar Palm, driving a Ford Escort.
Organisation.
The event was the brainchild of Wylton Dickson, possibly inspired by the earlier 1968 London-Sydney Marathon, and was to mark the fact that the 1966 FIFA World Cup had been held in London and that the upcoming 1970 FIFA World Cup was to be held in Mexico. Dickson approached the renowned British rally driver Paddy Hopkirk and together they went to "The Daily Mirror" for sponsorship.
The event was organised by members of the RAC and the MSA.
Route and scoring.
The course covered approximately through Europe, South America and Central America. Two boats were needed to convey the rally, one to cross the Atlantic Ocean from Lisbon to Rio de Janeiro and a second from Buenaventura, Colombia across the Gulf of Panama to Panama to avoid the impassable Darién Gap. Some of the principal towns and cities visited were, in order:
The course included many special stages, some over long. Time penalties were given for exceeding set times on the special stages, as well as for other infractions of the rules, and the cars' positions determined by the penalties awarded rather than lowest cumulative times.
Cars.
Over one hundred cars started the event. The rules about what cars could be entered were not restrictive but due to the demanding nature of the course most competitors were conservative and used modified versions of standard models. That did not prevent there being a wide variety of cars, from Volkswagen Beetles to Rolls-Royces. There were works (officially sanctioned and prepared) entries from Ford, British Leyland and Moskvitch, and semi-works entries from Citroën.
The Ford team ran modified Escort Mk Is, fitted with an 1850 cc version of the crossflow Kent engine and uprated with various other parts from other Ford models. Each Ford car had two drivers. The British Leyland team entered two teams. The first team ran three Triumph 2.5PI Mark 2s, which were more powerful than the Fords but were significantly heavier; two cars carried a three-man crew, Brian Culcheth preferring to stick with a conventional two-man crew. The second Leyland team ran Austin Maxis, Austin 1800s (some badged Morris) and a lone Mini Clubman. Citroën used the venerable DS21. Moskvich used the Moskvich 412 with 1500 cc engine.
Other cars run in the event included:
Competitors.
Many rally drivers of the day entered the event, including:
As well as professional rally drivers, the event attracted a number of well known people, including the footballer Jimmy Greaves, who finished a very creditable sixth, and HRH Prince Michael of Kent, who failed to finish.

</doc>
<doc id="7019792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019792" title="Hérémence">
Hérémence

Hérémence is a municipality in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
History.
Hérémence is first mentioned in 1195 as "Aremens".
Geography.
Hérémence has an area, , of . Of this area, 18.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while 18.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.9% is settled (buildings or roads) and 61.3% is unproductive land.
The municipality is located in the Hérens district, on the left side of the Borgne and the Dixence rivers. The village of Hérémence is at the confluence of the two rivers. It includes the entire Dixence valley, which is one of the side valleys off the main Rhone valley. It consists of the village of Hérémence and the hamlets of Ayer, Euseigne, Mâche, Pralong, Riod and Cerise.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules, a Mullet Argent."
Demographics.
Hérémence has a population () of . , 5.7% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1999–2009), the population has changed at a rate of -0.5%. It has changed at a rate of 7.4% due to migration and at a rate of -5.4% due to births and deaths.
Most of the population () speaks French (1,262 or 97.5%) as their first language, German is the second most common (18 or 1.4%) and Portuguese is the third (7 or 0.5%). There are four people who speak Italian.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.6% male and 50.4% female. The population was made up of 613 Swiss men (46.5% of the population) and 41 (3.1%) non-Swiss men. There were 629 Swiss women (47.7%) and 36 (2.7%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 228 or about (17.6%) were born in Hérémence and lived there in 2000. There were 32 (or 2.5%) who were born in the same canton, while 14 (or 1.1%) were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 27 (or 2.1%) were born outside of Switzerland.
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 20.2% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 59.2% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 20.6%.
, there were 548 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 644 married individuals, 83 widows or widowers and 19 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 450 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.6 persons per household. There were 144 households that consist of only one person and 52 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 523 households that answered this question, 27.5% were households made up of just one person and there were 13 adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 134 married couples without children, 126 married couples with children There were 20 single parents with a child or children. There were 13 households that were made up of unrelated people and 73 households that were made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing.
, there were 149 single family homes (or 42.3% of the total) out of a total of 352 inhabited buildings. There were 179 multi-family buildings (50.9%), along with 17 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (4.8%) and seven other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (2.0%).
, a total of 450 apartments (63.8% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 161 apartments (22.8%) were seasonally occupied and 94 apartments (13.3%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 9.9 new units per 1,000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.48%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Saint-Nicolas Church, the "aux Fées" cave, and the La Grande Dixence dam are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance. The village of Hérémence and the hamlet of Mâche / Mâchette are both part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election, the most popular party was the CVP, which received 56.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (23.33%), the SP (8.98%) and the FDP (4.57%). In the federal election, a total of 802 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 71.3%.
In the 2009 Conseil d'État/Staatsrat election, a total of 754 votes were cast, of which 45 (or about 6.0%) were invalid. The voter participation was 68.2%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 54.67%. In the 2007 Swiss Council of States election, a total of 794 votes were cast, of which 38 (or about 4.8%) were invalid. The voter participation was 72.6%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 59.88%.
Economy.
, Hérémence had an unemployment rate of 2.6%. , there were 50 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 29 businesses involved in this sector. One hundred and ninety-two people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 13 businesses in this sector. One hundred and sixty-four people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 39 businesses in this sector. There were 576 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 43.9% of the workforce.
, the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 323. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 24, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 182 of which 50 (or 27.5%) were in manufacturing and 131 (72.0%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 117. In the tertiary sector, 12 (or 10.3%) were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 15 (or 12.8%) were in the movement and storage of goods, 29 (or 24.8%) were in a hotel or restaurant, one was the insurance or financial industry, two (or 1.7%) were technical professionals or scientists, 25 or 21.4% were in education and eight (or 6.8%) were in health care.
, there were 89 workers who commuted into the municipality and 338 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 3.8 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 14.8% used public transportation to get to work, and 52.3% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 1,239 (or 95.7%) were Roman Catholic, while 40 or (3.1%) belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there was one member of an Orthodox church, and there was one individual who belongs to another Christian church. Four (or about 0.31% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and nine individuals (or about 0.70% of the population) did not answer the question.
Weather.
Hérémence has an average of 99.8 days of rain or snow per year and on average receives of precipitation. The wettest month is June, during which time Hérémence receives an average of of rain or snow. During this month, there is precipitation for an average of 10.1 days. The driest month of the year is April with an average of of precipitation over 7.7 days.
Education.
In Hérémence, about six (or 0.5% of the population) have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and six or (0.5%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the six who completed tertiary schooling, 66.7% were Swiss men, and 33.3% were Swiss women.
, there were 146 students in Hérémence who came from another municipality, while 35 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Hérémence is home to the "Bibliothèque communale et scolaire" library. The library has () 5,335 books or other media, and loaned out 2,156 items in the same year. It was open a total of 300 days with average of seven hours per week during that year.

</doc>
<doc id="7019794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019794" title="Mt. Pilgrim African Baptist Church">
Mt. Pilgrim African Baptist Church

The Mt. Pilgrim African Baptist Church (also known as the Mt. Pilgrim Baptist Church) is a historic church in Milton, Florida. It is located at the junction of Alice and Clara Streets.
On May 29, 1992, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. In 1989, the church was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.

</doc>
<doc id="7019800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019800" title="For The Lady">
For The Lady



</doc>
<doc id="7019803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019803" title="Skagen railway station">
Skagen railway station

Skagen railway station () is the main railway station serving the town of Skagen in Vendsyssel, Denmark. The station is located in the central part of the town by its main artery Sankt Laurentii Vej.
The station is the northern terminus of the Skagensbanen railway line from Frederikshavn to Skagen and is the most northerly railway station in Denmark. The station opened in 1890 with the opening of the Skagensbanen railway line. The current station building was built in 1919. The train services are currently operated by the railway company Nordjyske Jernbaner (NJ) which run frequent local train services between Skagen and Frederikshavn with onward connections from Frederikshavn to the rest of Denmark.
History.
The station opened in 1890 to serve as terminus of the new narrow gauge railway line from Frederikshavn to Skagen. In 1924, the railway line was converted to standard gauge to avoid the need to transfer cargoes of fish in Frederikshavn. As a consequence of the conversion, the right-of-way through Skagen town as well as the layout of Skagen station was extensively changed.
For a period, the Skagen tourist information centre was located in the station building, but in 2006 it moved to its current location by the Skagen Harbour.
Architecture.
The original station building from 1890 was designed by architect Thomas Arboe. The current station building was built in 1919 and is the work of architect Ulrik Plesner. It is in the style of the town's typical yellow-plastered houses with red tiled roofs with white trimmings which were built in Skagen from 1890 to 1930 and designed by Plesner. He was also the architect behind many other buildings in the town, including Brøndums Hotel and Skagen Museum.
In 1914, King Christian X of Denmark built the villa Klitgården by the Kattegat coast southwest of Skagen as a summer residence for the Danish royal family. Therefore, one of Skagen Station's two waiting rooms in the northern wing was furnished as a royal waiting room. Later, the Skagen Tourist Office has been housed in the royal waiting room, but in the autumn of 2006 the agency moved to the newly renovated harbor master's residence by the Skagen Harbor. In 2007, the former director's apartment on the station's 1st floor was converted into 3 apartments.
In 2017, the station building was thoroughly renovated, as it had fallen into disrepair. The renovation included new windows, the facade, the opening of a café in the former royal waiting room, and an extension.
Operations.
Train services.
The train services are currently operated by Nordjyske Jernbaner (NJ) which run frequent local train services from Skagen station to Frederikshavn station with onward connections to the rest of Denmark.
In a period during the 1990s there were direct InterCity connections between Copenhagen and Skagen, operated by DSB.
Bus services.
In 2005, NJ replaced the bus connections between Skagen and Frederikshavn with more frequent train connections. Since then, there have only been bus connections from the station during the summer season, when Nordjyllands Trafikselskab's summer bus service connects Skagen with Blokhus.

</doc>
<doc id="7019813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019813" title="Chainsaw Mill">
Chainsaw Mill



</doc>
<doc id="7019820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019820" title="Mcleans">
Mcleans



</doc>
<doc id="7019827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019827" title="St. Mary's Episcopal Church and Rectory (Milton, Florida)">
St. Mary's Episcopal Church and Rectory (Milton, Florida)

St. Mary's Church is a parish in the Diocese of the Central Gulf Coast of the Episcopal Church based in Milton, Florida. It is noted for its historic Carpenter Gothic-style church and its adjacent rectory, also known as the McDougall House, located at 300 Oak Street, now 6841 Oak Street. On May 6, 1982, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places as "St. Mary's Episcopal Church and Rectory."
The congregation first met for worship on August 4, 1867. The current church opened for services in 1878. As with other Carpenter Gothic churches, features of the Gothic Revival style have been executed in wood, such as its lancet windows, decorative bargeboards, and finials.
In 1989, St. Mary's Episcopal Church was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press. The listing quotes from Frank Lloyd Wright's book, "The Aesthetics of American Architecture", in which he wrote: "Saint Mary's is a jewel created in the purest tradition of the Gothic Revival. It survives today with its pure lines intact, its muted colors untouched. Purity, it is without a blemish."
The church celebrated its sesquicentennial anniversary in 2017.
History.
St. Mary's Episcopal Church was founded in 1867 by a group led by Dr. Charles McDougall. The first services were held in the Milton Masonic Lodge. James Jarett served briefly as the rector before he was replaced by McDougall, who served for over thirty years until his death in 1916.
The church building was constructed by Alex Zelius, a sailor who fell ill while stationed in Milton. Zelius used hints of shipbuilding in the design for St. Mary's.

</doc>
<doc id="7019828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019828" title="Cécil von Renthe-Fink">
Cécil von Renthe-Fink

Cécil Karl-August Timon Ernst Anton von Renthe-Fink (1885 Breslau, Silesia Province, German Empire–1964 Munich, West Germany) was a German diplomat. He was Plenipotentiary of Denmark from 9 April 1940 until 1942.
In 1926, Cécil von Renthe-Fink was posted to Dresden as Joint Secretary of the International Elbe Commission. This Commission had been set up by the League of Nations to ensure that the Elbe was kept as a free outlet to the North Sea for shipping from Czechoslovakia.
He was appointed envoy to Denmark in 1936. In 1939 he became a member of the Nazi Party. After the occupation of Denmark he became Plenipotentiary ("Reichsbevollmächtigter"). In 1942, he was replaced by Dr. Werner Best after the Telegram Crisis. Berlin was hoping for a harder line.
In 1943, Renthe-Fink was posted to Vichy France. In that year, the German ministers Joachim von Ribbentrop and Renthe-Fink proposed the creation of a European Confederation, which would have had a single currency, a central bank in Berlin, a regional principle, a labour policy, and economic and trading agreements.
He was married to Countess Christa Vitzthum von Eckstädt, daughter of Count Christoph Vitzthum von Eckstädt, who had been the Chief Minister of the Kingdom of Saxony.

</doc>
<doc id="7019834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019834" title="Spencer chamberlian">
Spencer chamberlian



</doc>
<doc id="7019835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019835" title="Joe Ratzinger">
Joe Ratzinger



</doc>
<doc id="7019847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019847" title="Safra">
Safra

Safra or SAFRA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7019855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019855" title="Constanţa (county)">
Constanţa (county)



</doc>
<doc id="7019857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019857" title="Intralytix">
Intralytix

Intralytix, Inc. is a privately owned biotech venture incorporated in the State of Maryland on July 28, 1998. Intralytix specializes in bacteriophage based products used to control bacterial pathogens in environmental, agricultural, food processing, and medical (including skin care and oral care) settings.
Company Background.
Intralytix was founded in 1998 in Baltimore, Maryland, by Drs. John Glenn Morris Jr. and Alexander Sulakvelidze together with a group of other scientists and business professionals. The platform technology of Intralytix is based on using naturally occurring, non-genetically modified (non-GMO) lytic bacteriophages for developing "green" commercial products for a variety of applications. These products are all-natural, antibiotic-free ways to control disease-causing bacterial pathogens.
Major Milestones.
In 2006, Intralytix was the first company in the world to receive FDA/USDA approval for a bacteriophage-based food safety product, ListShield.
That same year, Intralytix was also the first company in the world to successfully assemble a Master Drug File (MDF) application with the FDA, and to manufacture and supply its phage product for the first-ever in the US human clinical trial when phages were used to treat infected venous ulcers.
In 2018, Intralytix was granted the first FDA-approved IND for a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial in the US for an orally administered phage preparation in patients with inactive Crohn's disease (NCT03808103).
As of 2022, Intralytix has the largest number of commercial FDA-approved phage food safety products with five FDA- and USDA-approved bacteriophage-based food safety products.
As of 2022, Intralytix is the largest commercial manufacturer of phage products for food safety applications in the US with a successful scale-up to a 1,500 L fermenter.
In 2024, Intralytix received the highly coveted Safe Quality Food (SQF) certification for food manufacturing. This comprehensive Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP)-based food safety and quality management certification sets Intralytix apart as the first and so far, the only bacteriophage company in history to attain such certification 
Intralytix Facilities.
Intralytix is located at 8681 Robert Fulton Drive, Columbia MD 21046, US. The 33,000-square-foot building has production facilities with capabilities for: 
Pioneer in Food Safety.
The first commercial bacteriophage food safety product developed was ListShield, which targets "Listeria monocytogenes" contamination of foods. It received FDA/USDA approval in 2006. Two years later, ListShield was approved for use as an environmental decontaminant (e.g., for decontaminating inanimate surfaces in food processing facilities) by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) (EPA registration #74234-1). In 2010, Intralytix began large-scale commercial sales of ListShield to the food industry.
Other phage-based food safety phage products followed. In 2011, Intralytix received regulatory clearance from the FDA for its EcoShield food safety product effective against "E. coli" (FCN No. 1018) specific for the use of EcoShield on red meat parts and trim intended to be ground. In the same year, EcoShield received regulatory clearance from the USDA's Food Safety &amp; Inspection Service (FSIS) for use on red meat to be ground and was determined to constitute an incidental aid that will not require labeling (i.e., "clean label").
Subsequent phage preparations received regulatory clearance from the FDA through Generally Recognized As Safe (GRAS) acknowledgments. SalmoFresh, which is used to target "Salmonella" contamination, was declared GRAS in 2013 (GRN No. 435); ShigaShield, used to treat "Shigella", received clearance by the FDA in 2017 (GRN No. 000672); and CampyShield, which is used to target "Campylobacter" contamination, was declared GRAS in October 2021 (GRN No. 000966). As of January 2023, Intralytix has five FDA- and USDA-approved bacteriophage-based food safety products on the market. This is the largest number of FDA-approved phage food safety products for any company worldwide. 
Expansion into Human Therapeutics.
In addition to its line of food safety products, Intralytix is a world leader in human health applications for phage products. It has several all-natural, antibiotic-free phage-based products capable of treating human diseases of bacterial origin in various stages of development (preclinical through Phase2a). In 2006, under Intralytix's MDF and an investigator-initiated IND at the Southwest Regional Wound Care Center in Lubbock, Texas, Intralytix was the first company in the US to perform a first-in-human clinical trial where phages were used to treat infected venous ulcers.
The company is currently sponsoring a Phase1/2a clinical trial (under an IND approval from the FDA) of the EcoActive phage preparation for targeting adherent-invasive "E. coli" associated with Crohn's disease (NCT03808103). This trial is currently enrolling patients at the Icahn School of Medicine at the Mount Sinai Hospital in New York, NY and at the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, MD. The trial is expected to be completed in late 2024.
In May 2020, Intralytix received a multimillion-dollar grant (AI 148054) from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), National Institutes of Health (NIH), for the clinical development of its bacteriophage therapy preparation, ShigActive, for managing infections caused by the bacterial pathogen "Shigella". These Phase1/2a studies began in February 2023 (NCT05182749). Phase 1 trial was completed in March 2023, and Phase 2a trial is expected to commence in November 2023.
Also in Q3 2023, the company plans to begin clinical trials of another human therapeutic product, VRELysin, to treat Vancomycin Resistant "Enterococci" (NCT05715619).
Intellectual Property (IP) Portfolio.
Intralytix is headed by Dr. Alexander Sulakvelidze, President and chief executive officer.
Intralytix's patent strategy is based on a multi-pronged approach, which provides broad and strong protection ranging from protecting specific bacteriophages that serve as the cornerstone of various company products to methods and applications of those bacteriophages in various settings. As of 2022, Intralytix has: 
Intralytix Products.
Food Safety Products.
These phage-based products are designed to be applied to food before, during, or after processing or packaging, as appropriate. They work by targeting and killing specific human (including animal) pathogenic bacteria that may be present in food. These products do not alter the color, taste, or smell of food in any way.
Pre-Harvest Intervention Products.
These food safety-related products are designed to be applied to live animals prior to entering the processing facility, through spray application to the animals' hide, skin, or feathers. After application, the phages act to reduce the contamination of specific target bacteria, if present on the animal, and prevent it from entering the facility.

</doc>
<doc id="7019873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019873" title="Ultimate Blackjack Tour">
Ultimate Blackjack Tour

The Ultimate Blackjack Tour was a televised series of Elimination Blackjack tournaments that aired in syndication. It debuted on September 16, 2006. The show consists of a series of televised Elimination Blackjack tournaments. The winner of each weekly tournament returns for the final Tournament of Champions.
Along with professional blackjack players and Internet qualifiers, the producers included a number of professional poker players not normally known for playing blackjack to draw attention to the poker elements inherent in the unique format of Elimination Blackjack tournaments.
The show was executive produced by Houston Curtis and his production company with additional EP's, Jon Moonves and Sam Korkis. UBT was hosted by Max Rubin and Mati Moralejo, with Nikki Ziering and Shandi Finnessey serving as sideline reporters. Nikki Ziering did not return for the second season. Anthony Curtis conducted the analysis of all hands shown and wrote the commentary.
Featured players of the Ultimate Blackjack Tour are members of Team UBT, which is made up of poker stars like Johnny Chan, Robert Williamson III, and Phil Laak and professional blackjack players like world champions Ken Einiger and Anthony Curtis, Mike Aponte, James Grosjean, "Hollywood" Dave Stann and Monica Reeves.
Season 1.
The first season consisted of ten televised tournaments. The winner of each of seven preliminary tournaments returned for the final Tournament of Champions. Players competed for a share of over $1 million. Two of the episodes, "Ladies' Night" and the "UBT Legends Tournament," were not qualifiers for the Tournament of Champions.
Tournament results.
1 Not a qualifier tournament for the Season 1 Championship table

</doc>
<doc id="7019877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019877" title="Ollinger-Cobb House">
Ollinger-Cobb House

The Ollinger-Cobb House is a historic residential building located at 302 Pine Street in Milton, Santa Rosa County, Florida. On January 11, 1983, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
In 1989, the house was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.
History.
The home was built in 1871 by Joseph Ollinger, a Luxembourgish shipbuilder who also owned a grocery store and saloon. The appearance of the original home is unknown, as it underwent large-scale renovations in 1896. It is theorized to have originally resembled the St. Mary's Episcopal Church Rectory.
After Ollinger sold the house in 1907, it passed through three different owners, seemingly of the same family. It was bought by F.H. Cobb, a lumber grader who owned the home for six decades.

</doc>
<doc id="7019889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019889" title="One Motorsport">
One Motorsport

One Motorsport (with Starline Racing) is a British auto racing team based in Brackley, Northamptonshire owned and run by Steve Dudman. The team is best known for competing in the British Touring Car Championship.
British Touring Car Championship.
Lexus IS (2006–2007).
They ran 2 Lexus IS 200 cars for Chris Stockton and Darren Dowling in the latter two rounds of the 2006 British Touring Car Championship season in preparation for a fuller campaign the following season.
They retained Stockton for 2007 but signed Nick Leason as their second driver, although he ultimately only contested the first 3 rounds.
Lexus IS and SEAT Toledo (2008).
For 2008, Stockton was joined initially by truck racing champion Stuart Oliver. They replaced the Lexus cars with ex-Motorbase SEATs after two rounds, but had little success. The team missed round 6 at Snetterton after reported financial problems. Gareth Howell made two appearances in place of Oliver.
The team were looking to enter the 2009 British Touring Car Championship season with two SEAT Leóns, but decided against this.
Chevrolet Cruze (2014).
The team returned to the BTCC in 2014 with Chris Stockton driving an NGTC Chevrolet Cruze, which was originally built for Silverline Chevrolet, however the car was never completed as RML decided not to race in 2012.
The team originally planned to enter during 2013, but made the decision to concentrate on building their NGTC Chevrolet Cruze hatchback.
In 2015, the team's TBL was sold to their title sponsor Automotive Brands who set up a two car Power Maxed Racing as a separate operation.
Chevrolet Cruze (2017).
In December 2016, the team announced plans to return to the grid with Chris Smiley and Dave Newsham announced as the drivers in a pair of Chevrolet Cruzes purchased back from Power Maxed Racing
Honda Civic Type R (FK2) (2018).
BTC Norlin switched to ex-Dynamics Honda Civics in 2018 as the works team switched to the new shape car. Daniel Lloyd took the team's first win at Croft then followed up by Chris Smiley at Rockingham, making him the last ever winner at the infamous oval track.
Honda Civic Type R (FK8) (2019-).
For the 2019 season, without title sponsor Norlin, BTC will run two Honda Civic Type R (FK8) cars. Chris Smiley has re-signed for another season and Josh Cook joins as his new teammate from Power Maxed Racing, while the team have also moved to a new facility in Brackley, Northamptonshire. The team started the Kwik Fit BTCC successfully, with Josh Cook leading the championship after the first race weekend at Brands Hatch, and ended the season in 4th position overall and as Independent runners-up in the Team and Driver standings. 
2020 saw the squad expand to a three-car outfit- continuing with the successful Honda Civic Type R FK8s. Josh Cook returned to the team for his second consecutive season, with 14-times BTCC race winner and former WTCC and BTCC Independent Champion Tom Chilton moving across from Motorbase Performance. BTCC rookie Michael Crees completed the new line-up competing for the Jack Sears Trophy under The Clever Baggers with BTC Racing banner.

</doc>
<doc id="7019912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019912" title="List of FM stations in State College">
List of FM stations in State College



</doc>
<doc id="7019919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019919" title="SNES9X">
SNES9X



</doc>
<doc id="7019921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019921" title="Hans Jonsson (ice hockey)">
Hans Jonsson (ice hockey)

Hans Åke Jonsson (born August 2, 1973) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player. He played in the National Hockey League with the Pittsburgh Penguins from 1999 to 2003. The rest of his career, which lasted from 1992 to 2011, was mainly spent with Modo Hockey in the Swedish Elitserien. Internationally Jonsson played for the Swedish national team at three World Championships, winning a gold medal in 1998 and a bronze in 1999.
Career.
Jonsson was drafted by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft in the 11th round, as the 286th pick overall. He made his debut for the Penguins in the 1999–00 season. After spending four seasons in Pittsburgh, Jonsson returned home to his native Sweden to play for Modo Hockey in 2003, and retired in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="7019936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019936" title="List of AM stations in State College">
List of AM stations in State College



</doc>
<doc id="7019939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019939" title="Windows server 2003">
Windows server 2003



</doc>
<doc id="7019942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019942" title="Lebedus">
Lebedus

Lebedus or Lebedos () was one of the twelve cities of the Ionian League, located south of Smyrna, Klazomenai and neighboring Teos and before Ephesus, which is further south. It was on the coast, ninety stadia (16.65 km) to the east of Cape Myonnesus, and 120 (22.2 km) west of Colophon.
The city was built on and around a very small peninsula (175 m long, reaching a height of 61 m and with an isthmus 201 m wide), which is called the Kısık Peninsula today and depends on the coastal township of Ürkmez, part of Seferihisar locality, a district center depending on the province seat of İzmir.
History.
According to Pausanias, the town was inhabited by Carians when the Ionian Greeks immigrated there under the guidance of Andræmon, a son of Codrus. Strabo, however, states that it was colonized by Andropompus () and that it previously bore the name of Artis in Lydia. Velleius Paterculus wrote that Greeks from Athens established the city as well as other cities in Ionia. 
Lebedos became a flourishing city thanks to its commerce, and was famous for its mineral springs, but it was one of the smaller cities of the Ionian League, handicapped by the limited space of its hinterland and a comparatively unsuitable port.
In the Hellenistic age, around 304 BC, Antigonus I Monophthalmus tried to join the city with Teos; however, this operation was incomplete and eventually annulled by Lysimachus, who moved its population to Ephesus in 292 BC. At some point, the name Ptolemais (Πτολεμαΐς) was bestowed on the town, probably by Ptolemy III Euergetes.
The poet Horace in one of his "Epistles" (1.11.7–8) describes it as very quiet: 'a small town more deserted than Gabii or Fidenae'. He imagines his friend Bullatius contemplating a life of retirement there.
Under Roman rule, it flourished anew, becoming the meeting place of the actors of all Ionia when these were temporarily exiled from Teos, and festivals were celebrated in honour of Dionysus.
Its scanty remains are near the modern town of Seferihisar. Pieces of attic black-glazed pottery were uncovered in the area during an archeological survey carried out by Kütahya Dumlupınar University in Turkey between 2017 and 2019. 
Ecclesiastical history.
Lebedus was an episcopal see, suffragan of Ephesus until the 12th or 13th century. Three bishops are known: Cyriacus, who witnessed the Second Council of Ephesus in 449; Julian, represented by his metropolitan at the Council of Chalcedon in 451; Theophanes or Thomas, who attended the Second Council of Nicaea in 787.
Lebedus remains as a Roman Catholic titular see.

</doc>
<doc id="7019949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019949" title="Thladiantha dubia">
Thladiantha dubia

Thladiantha dubia, the Manchu tubergourd, goldencreeper, wild potato, red hailstone, or (French) thladianthe douteuse, is a herbaceous perennial climbing vine of the gourd family. It is native to Russia, northern China, and Korea, but has been introduced to Japan, southeast Europe (Austria, Romania, Germany), the Galapagos Islands, and scattered locations in North America (Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec, Connecticut, Illinois, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New York, Wisconsin). It is occasionally grown as a medicinal plant, or as an ornamental in North America (the US and Canada).
Like other members of the genus, it is dioecious. It grows from a tuber and spreads vegetatively by sending out underground rhizomes that produce new tubers.

</doc>
<doc id="7019951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019951" title="Fulgurites">
Fulgurites



</doc>
<doc id="7019953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019953" title="Simmons &amp; Simmons">
Simmons &amp; Simmons

Simmons &amp; Simmons is an international law firm with headquarters in London, UK. About half of its staff are in the London office, in CityPoint, off Moorgate. The firm has practices covering asset management, investment funds, energy and infrastructure, finance, life sciences, technology, media, and telecommunications sectors. It has been mentioned in the "Financial Times" Innovative Lawyers Report.
The firm was founded in 1896 by twin brothers, Percy and Edward Simmons, while both were 21 years old. Clients include Enpal and Chelsea F.C.. Simmons represented Enpal in its debt fundraising round in 2021 and a financing round in 2022. Simmons &amp; Simmons advised Chelsea FC in its £4.25bn sale to a consortium led by Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital.

</doc>
<doc id="7019955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019955" title="Onehouse">
Onehouse

Onehouse is a small village in the English county of Suffolk, about 3 miles west from the centre of Stowmarket near to the Golf Club. The population of the parish at the 2011 Census was 810.
Recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 variously as "Aneus", "Anehus", "Anuhus" and "Anhus" (meaning a lonely cottage or house), today it is mainly modern housing for commuters with a few scattered older buildings.
Robert Drury was granted, in 1510, licence to crenellate his manors of Hansted Hall, Buknahams and Onhowshalle, Suff. There are three fragments of a moat around the site of Onehouse Hall, according to the "Victoria County History". Homestead Moat, in good condition, comprises two water-filled arms and one dry arm. The remaining N. arm has been destroyed by farm buildings. The Hall was pulled down before 1847 (Copinger), probably in the mid C17 when the Callums (the Drury heirs) constructed Hardwick House. They seem to have destroyed the other two properties at this time.
The House of Industry was built in 1779 to serve the entire hundred of Stow (hundred). Later it became the Union Workhouse on Union Road (extreme east). Nearby is the Paupers' Graves, now a conservation area owned and maintained by the parish council.
Until the 1950s the village was a scattering of some dozen houses along Lower Road (to the south) and about 15 houses on Upper Road (to the north) with another 5 on Union Road leading to Stowmarket. By the late 1960s housing development had begun. With the major build of 150 houses in the 1970s Upper Road became Forest Road and the Northfield Estate came into being.
The village church, St John the Baptist, is one of 38 existing round-tower churches in Suffolk and was close to the Hall. It is in the fields midway between Lower and Upper Road and is a small flint, stone and brick structure, with a round tower containing two bells, close by the ancient site of Onehouse Hall. There was a church in Saxon times, as recorded in the Domesday Book, but the present church is thought to have been built during the Norman build and rebuild period following the Conquest. Archaeologists now date the earliest part of the building as of the 12th century. The round tower of the parish church has recently been restored.

</doc>
<doc id="7019956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019956" title="Robber Council">
Robber Council



</doc>
<doc id="7019961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019961" title="Frank Urban">
Frank Urban

Frank Henry "Hank" Urban (May 24, 1930 – October 25, 2008) was a member of the Republican Party who served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1989 to 2001.
Biography.
He was a resident of Brookfield, Wisconsin and was married to Lois Elaine Thurwachter Urban, with whom he had seven children. The two were married for 37 years until her death in 1991 from complications of Alzheimer's disease. Soon after that, he married again. His second wife was Kate Bloomberg, a former Brookfield mayor and co-inventor of Shrinky Dinks, who he remained with until his death in 2008.
Urban was born in St. Louis, Missouri, graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1951, and received his M.D. from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1954, specializing in dermatology. He served in the U.S. Army from 1954 to 1957, and was a veteran of the Korean War.
Urban served on the Elm Grove Village Board from 1985 to 1989, servings as its president from 1987 to 1989. He was elected to fill the 99th district seat left vacant by Margaret Farrow in a September 1989 special election.
In the Assembly, Urban was chairman of the Public Health committee. He was a boy scout leader and an accomplished model train collector.

</doc>
<doc id="7019963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019963" title="Thladianthe dubia">
Thladianthe dubia



</doc>
<doc id="7019968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019968" title="Simmons and Simmons">
Simmons and Simmons



</doc>
<doc id="7019973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019973" title="Goldencreeper">
Goldencreeper



</doc>
<doc id="7019981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019981" title="Manchu tuber-gourd">
Manchu tuber-gourd



</doc>
<doc id="7019987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019987" title="Wild potato">
Wild potato

Wild potato may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7019990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019990" title="Shelly Smith">
Shelly Smith



</doc>
<doc id="7019995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7019995" title="Thladianthe douteuse">
Thladianthe douteuse



</doc>
<doc id="7020011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020011" title="Jean LeClerc">
Jean LeClerc



</doc>
<doc id="7020014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020014" title="Ramsholt">
Ramsholt

Ramsholt is a small village and civil parish within the East Suffolk district, located in the county of Suffolk, England. It is situated on the northern shore of the River Deben. In 2001 the parish had a population of 32.
The parish church of All Saints is one of 38 surviving round-tower churches in Suffolk and is a Grade II* listed building.
The village economy revolves around the pub next to the river dock.
Ramsholt was a historic fishing town before Felixstowe docks.

</doc>
<doc id="7020015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020015" title="Botel Tobago">
Botel Tobago



</doc>
<doc id="7020016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020016" title="Ultramarina FC">
Ultramarina FC



</doc>
<doc id="7020019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020019" title="Botel Tobago island">
Botel Tobago island



</doc>
<doc id="7020021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020021" title="Robert Marasco">
Robert Marasco

Robert Marasco (September 22, 1936 – December 6, 1998) was an American horror novelist, playwright, and teacher. He is best known for his 1970 Broadway play "Child's Play", and his supernatural novel "Burnt Offerings" (1973), which was adapted into a 1976 film of the same name.
Early life.
Born in the Bronx, New York City, Marasco attended Regis High School in Manhattan and graduated from Fordham University. After graduating from college, Marasco taught Latin at his high school "alma mater".
Career.
During his time teaching at Regis High School, Marasco wrote "Child's Play". "Child's Play" debuted at the Royale Theater in New York on February 17, 1970. Starring Pat Hingle and Ken Howard, the play dealt with demonic doings at a Roman Catholic boys' school. Marasco drew both on his experience as a teacher of Latin and Greek classics at Regis High School and a newspaper account he had read about a teacher who, after assigning his students some homework, immediately killed himself by jumping out of a window.
"Child's Play" garnered a rave review on opening night from Clive Barnes of "The New York Times", followed by a Tony Award nomination for Best Play of the Year. The production ran for 342 performances between February and December 1970. Following a less successful London production at the Queen's Theatre in 1971, the play was made into a film in 1972; Sidney Lumet directed, and the cast included James Mason, Robert Preston, and Beau Bridges.
After "Child's Play", he published two novels: "Burnt Offerings" in 1973, and "Parlor Games" in 1979.
"Burnt Offerings" was adapted into a 1976 film directed by Dan Curtis, starring Karen Black and Oliver Reed, with such veteran actors as Burgess Meredith, Eileen Heckart, and Bette Davis in small roles.
Later life and death.
Marasco spent his later life in High Falls, New York. He died of lung cancer at North Shore University Hospital in Manhasset on December 6, 1998, leaving several unproduced screenplays and the finished play, "Our Sally". He was survived by his father, Anthony Marasco, and his sister, Carole Melillo.

</doc>
<doc id="7020026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020026" title="Abckiria">
Abckiria

Abckiria (also sometimes spelled ABC-kiria, and spelled "ABC-kirja" in contemporary Finnish), in English "ABC book", is the first book that was published in the Finnish language. It was written by Mikael Agricola, a bishop and Lutheran Reformer, and was first published in 1543. Agricola wrote the book while working on the first Finnish translation of the New Testament (which was eventually finished in 1548 as "Se Wsi Testamenti").
"Abckiria" was a primer meant to teach the basics of reading and writing. It contains the alphabet, some spelling exercises, and catechism. The first edition had 16 pages. The second edition, which was written in 1551, had 24 pages. No complete copies of either are known to exist, but general contents of the book have been discerned from the existing material.
In 1966 further missing parts were discovered by a librarian and included a new (likely third) publishing date of 1559.
The catechism includes the Ten Commandments, the Apostles' Creed, the Lord's Prayer, the first part of the Hail Mary, New Testament citations for sacraments of baptism, confession, and the Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ. It also includes grace and the morning and evening prayers based on Luther's Small Catechism and three prayers during the ringing of the church bell, apparently as a substitute to the Angelus.
In modern days, the most famous part of the book is the opening poem:
In the modern orthography: "Oppia nyt vanha / ja nuori / joilla ompi sydän tuori / Jumalan käskyt / ja mielen / jotka taidat suomen kielen / Laki se sielun hirmuttaa / mutta Kristus sen taas lohduttaa / Lue siis hyvä lapsi tästä / Alkuoppi ilman este't / Niitä muista elämäs aina / niin Jeesus sinun armon's lainaa"
External links.
Abckiria online

</doc>
<doc id="7020029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020029" title="Stalinist Classicism">
Stalinist Classicism



</doc>
<doc id="7020032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020032" title="Académica Sal-Rei">
Académica Sal-Rei



</doc>
<doc id="7020034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020034" title="Kenny Pavey">
Kenny Pavey

Kenneth Steven Pavey (born 23 August 1979) is an English-Swedish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career.
Early career.
Born in South London, Pavey made his debut at local club Athenley FC before moving to his boyhood favourite club Millwall. He ended his junior years at Sittingbourne where he also made his debut at senior level. A transfer to Premier League side Aston Villa fell through in 1998 because the two clubs involved could not agree on a transfer fee. Pavey instead moved to Swedish second division side Ljungskile SK where he remained until the 2005 season, except for a break during the 2002 season.
AIK.
Pavey was signed by Stockholm team AIK in October 2005, and was a regular in the starting line up.
In 2009, Pavey helped AIK to an unprecedented league and cup double, scoring a vital goal against local rivals Hammarby in the penultimate match of the season and then featuring in the Swedish Cup final in which AIK beat IFK Göteborg 2–0. His success at the time made him somewhat of a cult figure, both in Sweden and his native England. He was profiled on the popular football podcast The Football Ramble and was later interviewed live on air in a subsequent episode. In the interview, Pavey discussed the double win and his excitement at the prospect of playing Champions League football.
Pavey then went on to play in the Champions League on four occasions, UEFA Cup on six occasions and Europa League twice.
Return to Ljungskile SK.
After Pavey's AIK Contract expired, he re-signed for his former club Ljungskile SK for the 2012 season, who plays in the Swedish second division.
Östers IF.
On 14 November 2012 it was revealed that Kenny Pavey would return to the Swedish first division having signed a two-year deal with Östers IF.
Return to AIK.
Pavey rejoined AIK on 15 January 2014.
Retirement.
In November 2019 40-year-old Pavey confirmed, that he would retire at the end of the 2019 season.

</doc>
<doc id="7020041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020041" title="Johann Gluck">
Johann Gluck



</doc>
<doc id="7020045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020045" title="Death Becomes Them (Charmed episode)">
Death Becomes Them (Charmed episode)



</doc>
<doc id="7020049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020049" title="Erkki Aaltonen">
Erkki Aaltonen

Erkki Aaltonen (17 August 1910 – 8 March 1990) was a Finnish composer.
Biography.
Born in Hämeenlinna (Tavastehus), Finland, he was a student of the violin at the Helsinki Conservatory and of composition in privacy with Väinö Raitio and Selim Palmgren. He directed the Kemi Music Institute from 1966 to 1973. His musical selections were often of a topical nature.

</doc>
<doc id="7020053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020053" title="Estádio Marcelo Leitão">
Estádio Marcelo Leitão

Estádio Marcelo Leitão is a multi-use stadium in Sal Island, Cape Verde. It is used mostly for football matches and now track and field and has a capacity of 8,000 people. It is named for Marcelo Leitão, one of the two main features on the island, the other is a square located in Santa Maria. The stadium is owned by the municipality of Sal and still does as the municipality has yet to split into two. The stadium are operated by the Sal Regional Football (Soccer) and Athletic associations. It is the home stadium of Espargos teams, Académico do Aeroporto and others based in a neighborhood Juventude and recently Chã de Matias, Gaviões, Jovens Unidos of Ribeira Funda (the three since 2014) and Pretória (since 2017), it is also home to the island's club Académica do Sal. The ground is made of artificial grass, its area is 105 x 68 meters. Its location is south of the road connecting the east of the city with the road encircling most of the city. The stadium also had recently constructed parking lots.
Its location is over 1 km east of the city center. Nearby areas includes the urban area to the north which continues to expand, the Espargos-Pedra de Lume road (EN2-SL01) in the south and the University of Sal and the hill in the west.
Football.
Despite that Estádio Municipal de Santa Maria expanded in around 2012 or 2014, clubs based in Santa Maria, SC Santa Maria and GD Palmeira continues to play at the stadium in Espargos in the middle of the island.
Athletics.
Since 2010, athletics are played at the stadium and is the only one on the island. The Sal Regional Athletics Championships takes places each season. All clubs on the island compete at the facility surrounding the football field.
History.
Early football field.
Espargos opened the island's second football field in the 1960s and the clubs played at that field. The stadium was completed in the 1980s. A huge growing population throughout Sal including the capital led to the construction of a newer stadium in the eastern limits of Morro Curral in 2001 and the newer started expanded on March 10, 2003. In early November 2005, the stadium became the second on the island to have an artificial turf. The stadium became illuminated in 2008. A track and field was completed on April 5, 2010.
Football field in Chã de Matias.
ENE of Espargos and north of the subdivision of Pretoria, is another small football field named Patina used for youth competitions, it was built in the late 2000s and demolished in 2015. After its demolished, it was improved and added a new football field with seats and was opened in 2016. Second Division matches of the island may recently have started playing at the field.
Modern stadium.
Two finals were held in the stadium, the first was the second match of the 2003 Cape Verdean Football Championships where Acadèmico do Aeroporto do Sal won their only title after winning over FC Ultramarina 3–2, all goals were scored by Dixa. The most recent was the 2006 Cape Verdean Football Championships where Académico of Sal Airport lost to Sporting Clube da Praia 0–1 in its first match, in the following week, Académico of Sal Airport lost the championships and Sporting Praia won their fifth title.
The 2009 Cape Verdean Cup had Group B teams played in the stadium, clubs based in the east of the archipelago. The 2012 edition of the cup had the group stage matches and the cup final played at the stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="7020054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020054" title="Steimatzky">
Steimatzky

Steimatzky () is a bookstore chain in Israel. It's considered Israel's largest bookstore chain.
History.
1920–25: Tzvi Steimatzky years.
The first store was opened by Tzvi Steimatzky in 1920 in Tel Aviv, 6 Herzl St.
1925–63: Yechezkel Steimatzky years.
In 1925 Tzvi's half brother Yechezkel Steimatzky opened the second store on Jaffa Road in Jerusalem. Yechezkel Steimatzky was a Russian-born immigrant from Germany. He had originally come to the British Mandate of Palestine on a short visit for the opening of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and decided to stay after he saw the potential in opening a foreign language bookstore that would serve a growing immigrants' market as well as British Army soldiers serving under the British Mandate. The concept was so successful that he opened an additional store in Haifa later that year.
In 1927 Steimatzky saw the potential for expansion throughout the Middle East and opened a store in Beirut. The company name was changed to "Steimatzky Middle East Agency". During World War II, a Steimatzky store opened in Baghdad next to the British Army base, and soon after in Cairo, Alexandria, and Damascus.
The Middle Eastern expansion came to a halt with the outbreak of the 1948 Arab–Israeli war and the nationalization of all branches in Beirut, Baghdad, Cairo and Damascus. By 1948 another store opened on Allenby Street in Tel Aviv.
1963–2005: Eri Steimatzky years.
In 1963 the son of founder Yechezkel, Eri Steimatzky, joined the company and became its general manager. A period of expansion followed.
In 1995 the Steimatzky company purchased the "Sifri" chain with seven stores. The chain was a virtual monopoly in Israel until 2002.
In 2002 two smaller competitors ("Tzomet Sfarim", "Yerid Hasfarim") and Modan Publishing House united under the Tzomet Sfarim brand, operating about 40 stores. In 2004 Steimatzky merged with Keter Publishing House.
2005–14: Markstone Capital years.
In 2005 Markstone Capital Partners purchased the company. In 2006, Steimatzky operated stores in 68 cities in Israel as well as in London and Los Angeles. It was estimated that the company held a 40% share in the Israeli book retailing market and employed over 700 people worldwide. In September 2007, Eri Steimatzky announced his retirement from the chain, leaving the company in the hands of Markstone Capital.
In 2010 Steimatzky operated over 160 stores across Israel in various formats. These included mall-based stores, stores with coffee shops, extensive non-book offerings, and larger formats.
Since 2014: G. Yafit years.
In June 2014 Steimatzky was acquired by a group of investors led by G. Yafit. Eyal Greenberg, the son of Yafit Greenberg ("G Yafit"), was appointed CEO.
By September 2017 the gap between Steimatzky and its main competitor, Tzomet Sfarim, was closing. Steimatzky reduced its number of branches to 140, Tzomet Sfarim upped to 96. On 1 October 2018 and 1 April 2020, Tzomet Sfarim had 95 branches. Steimatzky was unchanged on 1 October 2018 and down to 136 on 22 November 2020.
Early 2018, the headquarters and logistical center of Steimatzky moved from Kiryat Aryeh in Petach Tikva to the Lev HaAretz industrial area in Kafr Qasim. Since 2020, the website of Steimatzky sells a wide range of consumer products including shoes, perfumes, home appliances, and electronics. On 1 January 2022, Steimatzky has 128 branches. Tzomet Sfarim has 89. On 17 March 2023, Steimatzky has 138 branches. On 23 July 2025, it had 137.

</doc>
<doc id="7020055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020055" title="Sir Thomas Frankland, 5th Baronet">
Sir Thomas Frankland, 5th Baronet

Admiral Sir Thomas Frankland, 5th Baronet (26 June 1718 – 21 November 1784) was a Royal Navy officer, politician and slave trader. He was the second son of Henry Frankland and Mary Cross. Frankland was born in the East Indies (probably India), his father being a member of the East India Company and briefly Governor of Bengal.
Naval career.
He entered the navy in 1731, serving in HMS "York" under Capt. Philip Vanbrugh, HMS "Scarborough", and HMS "Oxford" before becoming a lieutenant in 1737. On 23 February 1738, he was sent to HMS "Chatham", again under Capt. Vanbrugh, where he served for two years. He was briefly transferred to HMS "Cumberland" in March 1740 before promotion to captain on 15 July 1740 aboard HMS "Rose".
He was promptly assigned to carry the newly appointed Governor of the Bahamas, John Tinker, to the islands, and remained in the Bahamas until 1746, fighting Spanish privateers and taking a number of prizes. He then returned home and was given command of HMS "Dragon" and sent to the West Indies. On 31 July 1755, he was given command of the Leeward Islands Station as a commodore, arriving aboard HMS "Winchester" in October. Able but stubborn and of a difficult temper, he was involved in quarrels with his predecessor, Thomas Pye, and the local authorities in Antigua. He was promoted rear admiral while there, but refusing to accede to the Admiralty's wish to control some of the patronage at his disposal (declaring in a letter to the secretary "I have friends of my own to provide for") fell into immediate disfavour with his superiors. On 5 May 1757, he was replaced by Commodore John Moore, and returned to England in October, never to return to active duty. His promotions, however, continued in the usual manner as he gained seniority, culminating in the rank of Admiral of the White. During his stay in the West Indies he was actively involved in the Atlantic slave trade.
He had entered Parliament for the family's borough of Thirsk in 1747, and held the seat until 1780, when he sought the governorship of Greenwich Hospital. Unsuccessful, he returned as member for Thirsk in April 1784, but died in November of that year. He had inherited the baronetcy from his older brother in 1768.
A monument to his memory was erected in Chichester Cathedral sculpted by John Flaxman.
The Frankland Islands off Queensland were named after him.
Family.
He married Sarah Rhett (of South Carolina, d. 1808) in May 1743 and had a large number of children, of whom nine survived him:

</doc>
<doc id="7020057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020057" title="Frederikshavn railway station">
Frederikshavn railway station

Frederikshavn railway station (Danish: "Frederikshavn Station" or "Frederikshavn Banegård") is a railway station serving the town of Frederikshavn in Vendsyssel, Denmark. It is located in central Frederikshavn, situated between the town centre and the Port of Frederikshavn, and immediately adjacent to the Frederikshavn bus station.
The station is the terminus of the Vendsyssel railway line from Aalborg to Frederikshavn as well as the Skagen railway line from Frederikshavn to Skagen. The station opened in 1871 and was moved to its current location in 1979. It offers direct regional rail services to Aalborg as well as local train services to Skagen. The train services are currently operated by the local railway company Nordjyske Jernbaner.
History.
The current railway station is the second station in Frederikshavn. The first station opened in 1871 as the terminal station of the new Vendsyssel railway line from to Frederikshavn. The station was ceremonially opened by King Christian IX amid great festivities on 15 August 1871 along with the railway line. On 7 January 1879, at the opening of the Limfjord Railway Bridge which connected Nørresundby and Aalborg across the Limfjord, the line was connected with Aalborg station, the Randers–Aalborg railway line and the rest of Denmark's railway lines.
The original station was designed by the Danish architect Niels Peder Christian Holsøe (1826–1895), known for the numerous railway stations he designed across Denmark in his capacity of head architect of the Danish State Railways. It was located a short distance west of the current station, in the area where Frederikshavn Town Hall is now located.
The station became the southern terminus of the Skagen railway line between Frederikshavn og Skagen in 1890. In 1899 it also became the northern terminus of the Sæby railway line between Nørresundby and Frederikshavn, via Sæby, until the section between Sæby and Frederikshavn was closed in 1962.
In 1979, the station moved to its current location, and the old station was closed and demolished.
In 2017, operation of the regional rail services on the Vendsyssel railway line between Aalborg and Frederikshavn were transferred from DSB to the local railway company Nordjyske Jernbaner.
Facilities.
Inside the station building there is a combined ticket office and convenience store operated by 7-Eleven, waiting room, toilets and lockers.
Adjacent to the railway station is the Frederikshavn bus station.
Train services.
The station offers direct regional rail services to , with onward connections from Aalborg to the rest of Denmark, as well as local train services to Skagen, both operated by the regional railway company Nordjyske Jernbaner which operates in the North Jutland Region.
An international passenger service, "Nordpilen", between Frederikshavn and Hamburg, connecting with the ferries to and from Sweden and Norway, ceased many years ago. Until the opening of the Great Belt Bridge in 1997, DSB also operated a night train service with sleeping cars from Frederikshavn to Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="7020060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020060" title="Aaltonen, Erkki">
Aaltonen, Erkki



</doc>
<doc id="7020064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020064" title="Estádio Municipal Adérito Sena">
Estádio Municipal Adérito Sena

Estádio Municipal Adérito Sena is a multi-use stadium in Mindelo, Cape Verde. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FC Derby as well as CS Mindelense, Académica, GD Amarantes and Batuque FC and the lesser club of Corinthians São Vicente. The stadium holds 5,000 people and area is 105x68 m and its ground is artificial grass. The stadium is owned by the municipality of São Vicente and is operated by the São Vicente Regional Football Association (ARFSV). It is a certified stadium by FIFA for international competition as well as friendly matches
It also has the island's only athletic field where it is slightly narrow and dirt.
Location.
Its location is at 12 de Setembro which is used as the main road connecting the northeast of the island and in the eastcenter part of the city just east of the city center (also Morada), rarely in the subdivision of Fontinha (formerly Fonte Francés), the stadium is inside the subdivision of Ribeira Bote as a stream is located whose overflows are flowed underneath as the stream remains to be mostly dry, but drier than the flows before the field and the stadium were built. One little spring or a fountain was located in a part where the stadium is located today. A couple of other sports complexes are in the stadium's same location. Concerts and cricket matches are also used.
Nearby facilities.
Nearby facilities to the stadium is the football training ground to the east, Liceu Ludgero Lima (Liceu Ludgério Lima), the nation's longest operating secondary institution and the oldest of the two to the southwest and Académica Carlos Alhinho and Polivalente d'Amarante to the west.
Other competitions.
Also the Mindelo Cup matches, a friendly match takes place at the stadium once every different years.
History.
The field and stadium was possibly the first ever built in Cape Verde, opened in around the mid to late 1930s. The stadium was built on a stream named Ribeira Bote, a 4 km stream that flows around the middle of the island west to Mindelo south of Praça Estrela. The stream flowed southward and today flows underneath Avenida 12 de Setembro and empties into the bay through an underflow tunnel.
The final matches between the winners of the islands of Santiago and São Vicente before independence in 1975 took place at Estádio Fontinha, one of them was in 1972, they were held each year with the exceptions of 1955, 1957 to 1959 and in 1970.
Also in the final years of colonial rule, one of two matches of two Portuguese Cups were played at the field, first, the 1965-66 season where Mindelense lost to CS Marítimo of the Madeira Islands which was played on 9 March and a single 6th round match around April in 1970-71 season where Mindelense lost to Sporting Lisbon 0-21. Mindelense, being the only club from Cape Verde who competed at the Portuguese Club and the only venue ever played in Cape Verde.
Until 1992, the stadium was named Estádio da Fontinha (or Campo da Fontinha). It was renamed and named it after Adérito Carvalho de Sena who played for CS Mindelense and played for several seasons in Boavista FC Porto in the 1930s.
The stadium was renovated in 2006 which included the addition of synthetic turf as the grass was dry and in bad shape due to the climate that is not favorable for natural grass, also its seats were changed and its changerooms were remodeled, they were completed in April 2007. During that time, its matches were played at nearby Alcindo Nascimento.
On September 10, 2008, the US Navy soccer team of the European Region played a match with the Cape Verdean military team as part of the 11 day sports diplomacy tour which improved understanding and developed goodwill through sports, music and community relations in Cape Verde, Cameroon, and Gabon.
The 2009 Cape Verdean Cup had the group stage matches played at the stadium which featured Group A teams, from the west of the archipelago.
It was recently renovated again in 2014 as artificial turf was added that costed around 600 million escudos (€500,000). The island Super Cup competition took place in the stadium with Batuque defeating Derby on January 13, 2015, this was the first match after renovation.
Cape Verdean Football Championships finals.
Numerous national championship final matches took place in the stadium, one of them was FC Derby who was tied with Académica Operária a goal each on September 3, 2000, Derby later claimed their second title, later in 2005, Derby defeated Sporting Praia 4–3 in the second match and claimed their third title. Derby participated in the 2008 Cape Verdean Football Championships, the first of two final matches took place in the stadium and defeated Sporting Clube da Praia on August 9, a match that was rescheduled, later Sporting Praia defeated Derby. Mindelense played the second final match on July 9, 2011, the club played against Sporting Praia and was a scoreless match, Mindelense won the title with a goal won in two of its matches. Most notably and most recent finals at the stadium were CS Mindelense and the first meeting with Académica do Porto Novo whose first match was at Adérito Sena on July 7 where Mindelense won 3–0 in 2013, in 2014, the first match was at Adèrito Sena and faced Académica do Fogo, Mindelense won 2–1 on May 24, and FC Derby in 2015, both of the matches were played in the stadium on July 4 and 11, Mindelense won the eleventh title after winning 4–3 in penalty kicks, a year later in the 2016 Cape Verdean Football Championships, Mindelense faced Académica do Porto Novo for the second time, the first of the second match took place on July 2 and Mindelense lost a goal in the first match, later they would win the second match and claim the twelfth title.
Clubs at the continental competitions.
Only Mindelense and Derby participated at the continental level and only at the championships. Mindelense was the first and the second Cape Verdean club to compete. The club faced ASEC Ndiambour in the 1992 African Cup of Champions Clubs. Derby participated in the 2001 CAF Champions League and faced Real Banjul.
Panoramics.
The stadium can be viewed from the hills and the mountains to the north of Mindelo and northeast as well as the areas west of Monte Verde.
Transportation.
Two nearby bus stops are located northwest of the stadium at the corner of Ruas Polivalente de Amarante and Domingos Ramos, there is another bus stop further southwest at the roundabout intersecting Ruas Henrique Sena and Manuel Matos. These stops are also served by minibuses and taxis. Two bus lines of the island's transit system that is nearby the stadium include:

</doc>
<doc id="7020065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020065" title="Die Hard With A Vengeance">
Die Hard With A Vengeance



</doc>
<doc id="7020068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020068" title="Leccinum">
Leccinum

Leccinum is a genus of fungi in the family Boletaceae. It was the name given first to a series of fungi within the genus "Boletus", then erected as a new genus last century. Their main distinguishing feature is the small, rigid projections (scabers) that give a rough texture to their stalks. The genus name was coined from the Italian "Leccino", for a type of rough-stemmed bolete. The genus has a widespread distribution, especially in north temperate regions, and contains about 75 species.
Description.
Fruit bodies of "Leccinum" species have a slender stipe that is ornamented lengthwise with brown to black, scab-like scales on the surface. The stipe itself is colored white or cream and usually longer than the diameter of the cap. When injured, the stipe either remains unchanged in color or stains blue or red. The hymenophore is colored yellow or off-white, consists of thin and ventricose tubes that are longer than the thickness of the cap, and has small pores. The basidiospores are long and smooth as compared to other mushrooms.
The European species of "Leccinum" can be identified by a scaled stipe with pale brown, white, or yellow spores. Additionally, if a hymenium is present, it usually contains yellow-tinted pigments.
Ecology and habitat.
The mushrooms of the Leccinum genus are found worldwide, on every continent except Antarctica. The genus was first proposed by Gray in 1821 based on Leccinum aurantiacum and as a generic scientific name for boletes, often found in Europe and North America. "Leccinum" species are generally found in the woodlands of Eurasia, and North America, forming ectomycorrhizal associations with trees.
Most "Leccinum" species are mycorrhizal specialists, associating with trees of a single genus. For example, "L. atrostipitatum" associate exclusively with plants of "Betula" family that are colloquially known as birch trees. "L. vulpinum" are found only associated with the "Pinaceae" or pine gumtree family. "Leccinum aurantiacum" is an exception, however, occurring in mycorrhizal association with birch, poplar, and oak. Other species that form an exception to that rule, such as "L. quercinum" and "L. scabrum", have been described as popular edible mushrooms in China.
Currently, the "Leccinum" genus comprises about 150 species, 118 of which have been identified in North America. Much of the important work in describing this genus has been carried out in Michigan, where 68 species have been described. In Central America, 12 species have been identified: 1 from Belize, 8 from Costa Rica, and 3 from Colombia.
In Europe, the "Leccinum" genus was originally divided into 4 sections: the 2 known sections of "L. sect. Luteoscabra" and "L. sect. Leccinum", and the 2 newly proposed sections of "L. sect. Roseoscabra" and "L. sect. Eximia". However, the former "L. sect. Scabra" has been merged to "L. sect. Leccinum". Additionally, molecular phylogenetic studies have shown that species of "L. sect. Luteoscabra", "L. sect. Roseoscabra", and "L. sect. Eximia" belong to divergent monophyletic groups of Boletaceae and represent new genera. Thus, the "Leccinum" genus is restricted to the "Leccinum" section, meaning that there are 16 documented species in Europe.
In the Southern Hemisphere, 4 species of "Leccinum" have been reported, 1 from New Zealand and 3 from Australia. In Asia, 47 species have been identified: 6 from Malaysia, 10 from Japan, and 31 from China. Out of these 31 Chinese species, 12 have been ascertained to other genera, 8 were reported without specimen support, 11 and were reported with specimen citations. Out of these 11, only "L. subleucophaeum var. minimum" was unique to China. The other 10 share sufficient general morphological traits to species identified in Europe and North America to be considered the same species. However, even though the species do appear to overlap, they have evolved independently from their European and North American counterparts. Therefore, identification of the Chinese "Leccinum" species requires further confirmation.
Culinary value.
They have generally been presumed to be edible for the most part, but there are reports of poisoning after eating unidentified members of the genus in North America, even after thorough cooking. The orange- to red-capped species, including "L. insigne", are suspected. Species of "Leccinum" often cause nausea and vomiting when consumed raw or insufficiently cooked.
Selected species.
There are over 130 species recognised including:

</doc>
<doc id="7020069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020069" title="Robber Crabs">
Robber Crabs



</doc>
<doc id="7020072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020072" title="List of countries by military expenditure">
List of countries by military expenditure



</doc>
<doc id="7020080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020080" title="Estádio João de Deus Lopes da Silva">
Estádio João de Deus Lopes da Silva

Estádio João de Deus Lopes da Silva is a multi-use stadium in São Nicolau, Cape Verde. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of SC Atlético and Desportivo Ribeira Brava. The stadium holds 1,000 people. It is named for João de Deus Lopes da Silva. Its size is 105x68 m and its grass is artificial. The stadium remains to be one of the symbols of the island.
Other clubs playing at the stadium but not based includes Academica da Preguiça, Belo Horizonte of Juncalinho and Talho of the neighboring community.
History.
Until 2010, all eight clubs of the island played only at the stadium. It included clubs based in Tarrafal de São Nicolau, until 201- it was only the São Francisco de Assis parish as the island was once a single municipality. All of its competitions were at the stadium at the time.
On March 15, 2014 and April 2016, it was the stadium where SC Atlético were crowned regional champions, on May 7, Atlético fans celebrated the championship and qualification victory, one of the celebrations that were done at the stadium. On April 25, 2015, Ultramarina of Tarrafal de São Nicolau were crowned regional champions at the stadium.
One of the regional cup competitions that took place at the stadium were in 2016 in 2017.
National competitions.
Numerous National Championship finals took place. All of them with Desportivo Ribeira Brava and SC Atlético losing the total number of goals in its two matches. The first was in 1987 with Boavista FC, the second was in 1990 with Sporting Clube da Praia, the third was in 1994 with CD Travadores of Santiago Island, the recent was the 2012 Cape Verdean Football Championships, the first game was held here which ended in a goal draw, Sporting won their ninth and recent title the following week.
Clubs from the west of the island played its national matches until they had their own stadium, the knockout stage which featured Ultramarina had the second leg that took place in 2003 (the second leg of the semis was not played as Cutelinho of Mosteiros on the island of Fogo was expelled from further competitions) and the second leg of the semis in 2004.
After the opening of Tarrafal's stadium in 2010 named Orlando Rodrigues, 2011 was the first year that the national championships did not take place at the stadium with Ultramarina winning the championship. National championship group stage matches took place in 2012, 2014 and 2016 featuring SC Atlético. Now it is being held for the 2018 season with the only time with a club based outside Ribeira Brava, Belo Horizonte.
Cancelled continental competition.
SC Atlético was to play against ES Sahel in the 1995 CAF Cup, as they did not receive the entrant on time, Atlético was disqualified and the match was cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="7020081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020081" title="737-700">
737-700



</doc>
<doc id="7020089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020089" title="Bispham High School">
Bispham High School



</doc>
<doc id="7020098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020098" title="Həmidov">
Həmidov



</doc>
<doc id="7020100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020100" title="Little Kashubian Tricity">
Little Kashubian Tricity

Little Kashubian Tricity (; ) is a name used for an urban area in northern Poland comprising the three towns of Rumia, Reda and Wejherowo, located in Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, and within the ethnocultural region of Kashubia. The moniker is a reference to the bigger conurbation of Tricity, located adjacently, to the southeast, on the coast of the Baltic. Little Kashubian Tricity has a population of 120,158 people (2012), and occupies an area of 88 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="7020105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020105" title="Fatsi">
Fatsi



</doc>
<doc id="7020107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020107" title="Gulbadan Begum">
Gulbadan Begum

Gulbadan Begum (20 November 1522 – 7 February 1603) was a Mughal princess and the daughter of Emperor Babur, the founder of the Mughal Empire.
She is best known as the author of Humayun-Nama, the account of the life of her half-brother and Babar's successor, Emperor Humayun, which she wrote on the request of her nephew and Humayun's son, Emperor Akbar. Gulbadan's recollection of Babur is brief, but she gives a refreshing account of Humayun's household and provides rare material regarding his confrontation with her half-brother, Kamran Mirza. She records the fratricidal conflict among her brothers with a sense of grief.
Gulbadan Begum was about eight years old at the time of her father's death in 1530 and was brought up by her older half-brother, Humayun. She was married to a Chagatai noble, her cousin, Khizr Khwaja Khan, the son of Aiman Khwajah Sultan, son of Khan Ahmad Alaq of the Turpan Khanate in Moghulistan at the age of seventeen.
She spent most of her life in Kabul. In 1557, she was invited by her nephew, Akbar, to join the imperial household at Agra. She wielded great influence and respect in the imperial household and was much loved both by Akbar and his mother, Hamida Banu Begum. Gulbadan Begum is mentioned throughout the "Akbarnama" () of Abu'l Fazl and much of her biographical details are accessible through the work.
Along with several other royal women, Gulbadan Begum undertook a pilgrimage to Mecca and returned home seven years later in 1582. She died in 1603.
Name.
Gulbadan Begum's name means "body like a flower" or "rose body" in Classical Persian.
Early life.
When Princess Gulbadan was born on 20 November 1522 to Dildar Begum, her father, Babur, had been lord in Kabul for nineteen years; he was also the ruler of Kunduz and Badakhshan, had held Bajaur and Swat since 1519, and Kandahar for a year. During ten of those nineteen years, he had been styled padishah as the head of the House of Timur and for his independent sovereignty.
Gulbadan's siblings included her older brother, Hindal Mirza, and two other sisters, Gulrang Begum and Gulchehra Begum, while her younger brother Alwar Mirza, died in his childhood. Among her siblings, Gulbadan was very close to her brother, Hindal Mirza.
At the age of seventeen, Gulbadan was married to a Chagatai noble, her cousin, Khizr Khwaja Khan, the son of Aiman Khwajah Sultan, son of Khan Ahmad Alaq of the Turpan Khanate.
In 1540, Humayun lost the kingdom that his father Babur had established in India, to Sher Shah Suri, a Pashtun soldier from Bihar, who established the Sur Empire. With only his pregnant wife Hamida Banu Begum, one female attendant, and a few loyal supporters, Humayun fled to Lahore and then Kabul. He was in exile for the next fifteen years in Safavid Iran.
Gulbadan Begum went to live in Kabul again. Her life, like those of all the other women of the Mughal Harem, was intricately intertwined with three Mughal kings – her father Babur, brother Humayun, and nephew Akbar.
Two years after Humayun reestablished the empire, Gulbadan accompanied other Mughal women of the harem back to Agra at the behest of Akbar, who had begun his rule after Humayan died in a fall.
Writing of the "Humayun Nama".
Akbar commissioned Gulbadan Begum to chronicle the story of his father, "Humayun". He was fond of his aunt and knew of her storytelling skills. It was fashionable for the Mughals to engage writers to document their own reigns (Akbar's own history, "Akbarnama", was written by the well-known Persian scholar Abul Fazl). Akbar asked his aunt to write whatever she remembered about her brother's life. Gulbadan Begum took the challenge and produced a document titled "Ahwal Humayun Padshah Jamah Kardom Gulbadan Begum bint Babur Padshah amma Akbar Padshah". It came to be known as "Humayun-nama".
Gulbadan wrote in simple Persian, without the erudite language used by better-known writers. Her father Babur had written "Babur-nama" in the same style, and she took his cue and wrote from her memories. Unlike some of her contemporary writers, Gulbadan wrote a factual account of what she remembered, without embellishment. What she produced not only chronicles the trials and tribulations of Humayun's rule, but also gives us a glimpse of life in the Mughal harem. It is the only surviving writing penned by a woman of Mughal royalty in the 16th century.
There has been suspicion that Gulbadan wrote the "Humayun-Nama" in her native language of Turkic rather than Persian, and that the book available today is a translation.
Upon being entrusted with the directive by Akbar to write the manuscript, Gulbadan Begum begins thus:There had been an order issued, ‘Write down whatever you know of the doings of Firdous-Makani (Babur) and Jannat-Ashyani (Humayun)’. At this time when his Majesty Firdaus-Makani passed from this perishable world to the everlasting home, I, this lowly one, was eight years old, so it may well be that I do not remember much. However in obedience to the royal command, I set down whatever there is that I have heard and remember.
From her account, we know that Gulbadan was married by the age of 17 to her cousin, Khizr Khwaja, a Chagatai prince who was the son of her father's cousin, Aiman Khwajah Sultan. She had at least one son. She had migrated to India in 1528 from Kabul with one of her stepmothers, who was allowed to adopt her as her own on the command of her father, the Emperor. After the defeat of Humayun in 1540, she moved back to Kabul to live with one of her half-brothers. She did not return to Agra immediately after Humayun won back his kingdom. Instead, she stayed behind in Kabul until she was brought back to Agra by Akbar, two years after Humayun died in a tragic accident in 1556. Gulbadan Begum lived in Agra and then in Sikri for a short while, but mostly in Lahore or with the Court for the rest of her life, except for a period of seven years when she undertook a pilgrimage to Mecca. The Mughal Court even up to the early years of Shah Jahan's reign was never a confined thing, but a travelling grand encampment and there is no doubt that Gulbadan Banu Begum, like most Mughal ladies, hated the confines living in buildings and no doubt, wholeheartedly agreed with the verses of Jahanara Begum, the daughter of Shah Jahan, that the rot of the empire would set in when the Mughals confined themselves to closed houses.
She appears to have been an educated, pious, and cultured woman of royalty. She was fond of reading and she had enjoyed the confidences of both her brother, Humayun, and nephew, Akbar. From her account it is also apparent that she was an astute observer, well-versed with the intricacies of warfare and the intrigues of royal deal making. The first part of her story deals with Humayun's rule after her father's death and the travails of Humayun after his defeat. She had written little about her father Babur, as she was only aged eight when he died. However, there are anecdotes and stories she had heard about him from her companions in the Mahal (harem) that she included in her account. The latter part also deals with life in the Mughal harem.
She recorded one light-hearted incident about Babur. He had minted a large gold coin, as he was fond of doing, after he established his kingdom in India. This heavy gold coin was sent to Kabul, with special instructions to play a practical joke on the court jester Asas, who had stayed behind in Kabul. Asas was to be blindfolded and the coin was to be hung around his neck. Asas was intrigued and worried about the heavy weight around his neck, not knowing what it was. However, when he realised that it was a gold coin, Asas jumped with joy and pranced around the room, repeatedly saying that no one shall ever take it from him.
Gulbadan Begum describes her father's death when her brother had fallen ill at the age of 22. She tells that Babur was depressed to see his son seriously ill and dying. For four days he circumambulated the bed of his son repeatedly, praying to Allah, begging to be taken to the eternal world in his son's place. As if by miracle, his prayers were answered. The son recovered and the 47-year-old father died soon after.
Soon after his exile, Humayun had seen and fallen in love with a 13-year-old girl named Hamida Banu the niece of Shah Husain Mirza. At first she refused to come to see the Emperor, who was much older than her. Finally she was advised by the other women of the harem to reconsider, and she consented to marry the Emperor. Two years later, in 1542, she bore Humayun a son named Akbar, the greatest of the Mughal rulers. Gulbadan Begum described the details of this incident and the marriage of Humayun and Hamida Banu with glee, and a hint of mischievousness in her manuscript.
Gulbadan also recorded the nomadic life style of Mughal women. Her younger days were spent in the typical style of the peripatetic Mughal family, wandering between Kabul, Agra and Lahore. During Humayun's exile the problem was further exaggerated. She had to live in Kabul with one of her step brothers, who later tried to recruit her husband to join him against Humayun. Gulbadan Begum persuaded her husband not to do so. He, however, did so during her nephew's reign and, along with his son, was defeated and was expelled from court and from her presence for the rest of his life. He was not even allowed to be buried next to her. His grave is in one corner of the main quadrangle in which she is buried.
If Gulbadan Begum wrote about the death of Humayun, when he tumbled down the steps in Purana Qila in Delhi, it has been lost. The manuscript seems to end abruptly in the year 1552, four years before the death of Humayun. It ends in mid-sentence, describing the blinding of Kamran Mirza. As we know that Gulbadan Begum had received the directive to write the story of Humayun's rule by Akbar, long after the death of Humayun, it is reasonable to believe that the only available manuscript is an incomplete version of her writing. It is also believed that Akbar asked his aunt to write down from her memory so that Abul Fazl could use the information in his own writings about the Emperor Akbar.
The memoir had been lost for several centuries and what has been found is not well preserved, poorly bound with many pages missing. It also appears to be incomplete, with the last chapters missing. There must have been very few copies of the manuscript, and for this reason it did not receive the recognition it deserved.
A battered copy of the manuscript is kept in the British Library. Originally found by an Englishman, Colonel G. W. Hamilton. It was sold to the British Museum by his widow in 1868. Its existence was little known until 1901, when Annette S. Beveridge translated it into English (Beveridge affectionately called her 'Princess Rosebody').
Historian Dr. Rieu called it one of the most remarkable manuscripts in the collection of Colonel Hamilton (who had collected more than 1,000 manuscripts). A paperback edition of Beveridge's English translation was published in India in 2001.
Pradosh Chattopadhyay translated "Humayun Nama" into Bengali in 2006 and Chirayata Prokashan published the book.
Pilgrimage to Mecca.
Gulbadan Begum described in her memoir a pilgrimage she along with Salima Sultan Begum undertook to Mecca, a distance of 3,000 miles, crossing treacherous mountains and hostile deserts. Though they were of royal birth, the women of the harem were hardy and prepared to face hardships, especially since their lives were so intimately intertwined with the men and their fortunes. Gulbadan Begum stayed in Mecca for nearly four years and during her return a shipwreck in Aden kept her from returning to Agra for several months. She finally returned in 1582, seven years after she had set forth on her journey.
Akbar had provided for safe passage of his aunt on her Hajj and sent a noble as escort with several ladies in attendance. Lavish gifts were packed with her entourage that could be used as alms. Her arrival in Mecca caused quite a stir and people from as far as Syria and Asia Minor swarmed to Mecca to get a share of the bounty.
Later life.
When she was 70, her name is mentioned with that of Muhammad-yar, a son of her daughter, who left the court in disgrace. She with Hamida, received royal gifts of money and jewels on the occasion of the New Year by Akbar.
Her charities were large, and it is said of her that she added day unto day in the endeavor to please God, and this by succoring the poor and needy.
When she was 80, in February 1603, her departure was heralded by a few days of fever. Hamida was with her to the end and watched her last hours. As she lay with closed eyes, Hamida Banu Begum spoke to her by the long-used name of affection, "Jiu!" (live or May you Live). There was no response. Then, "Gul-badan!" The dying woman opened her eyes, quoted the verse, "I die—may you live!" and died.
Akbar helped to carry her bier some distance, and for her soul's repose made lavish gifts and did good works. He will have joined in the silent prayer for her soul before committal of her body to the earth, and if no son were there, he, as a near kinsman, may have answered the Imam's injunction to resignation: "It is the will of God."
It is said that for the two years after her death, Akbar lamented constantly that he missed his favorite aunt, until he died in 1605.
Gulbadan was also said to have been a poet, fluent in both Persian and Turkish. None of her poems have survived. However, there are references to two verses and a qasida written by her by the Emperor Bahadur Shah Zafar in his collection of verses as well as some references by Mir Taqi Mir.
For much of history, the manuscript of Gulbadan Begum remained in obscurity. There is little mention of it in contemporary literature of other Mughal writers, especially the authors who chronicled Akbar’s rule. Yet, the little-known account of Gulbadan Begum is an important document for historians, with its window into a woman’s perspective from inside the Mughal harem.

</doc>
<doc id="7020113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020113" title="Japanese Aralia">
Japanese Aralia



</doc>
<doc id="7020116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020116" title="Sydney Howard">
Sydney Howard

Sydney Howard (7 August 1884 – 12 June 1946) was an English stage comedian and film actor born in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire.
Already a major stage star, Howard made his feature film début in Jack Raymond's "Splinters" (1929), and went on appearing in unique roles in films such as "French Leave", "Up for the Cup" and "The Mayor's Nest". Despite his popularity in the 1920s and 1930s films he appeared in, Howard is almost totally forgotten today. His most revived film is "When We Are Married", in which he played a drunken photographer.
In 1937, British exhibitors voted him the 10th most popular British star at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="7020119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020119" title="JS du Ténéré">
JS du Ténéré

JS du Ténéré is a Nigerien football club based in Niamey. Their home games are played at the Stade Général Seyni Kountché.

</doc>
<doc id="7020126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020126" title="Richard Zokol">
Richard Zokol

Richard Francis "Dick" Zokol (born August 21, 1958) is a Canadian professional golfer who has played on the Canadian Tour, PGA Tour and Nationwide Tour, winning at least one event in each venue.
Amateur career.
Zokol was born in Kitimat, British Columbia. He attended Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, and was the captain of the 1981 NCAA championship golf team. He was also an All-American selection in 1981, on the Second Team. He was a teammate of future fellow PGA Tour players Rick Fehr, Keith Clearwater and Bobby Clampett; he was Clampett's roommate for three years. He won the 1981 Canadian Amateur Championship, in a one-hole sudden death playoff over Blaine McCallister.
Professional career.
In 1981, he turned professional and joined the PGA Tour later in 1981. Zokol had 20 top-10 finishes in PGA Tour events during his career, including two wins in 1992 but only one that is considered official. His best finish in a major championship was T14 at the 1993 PGA Championship.
Zokol has suffered from various injuries during his career, and has taken time off to pursue other business ventures including "Director of Golf" for Eaglequest Golf Centers, Inc., a North American golf center consolidator. He lives in White Rock, British Columbia and also works with the Royal Canadian Golf Association, advising on elite player development.
Results in major championships.
"Note: Zokol never played in The Open Championship."
CUT = missed the half-way cut&lt;br&gt;
"T" = tied
Team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="7020127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020127" title="Espoir FC (Niger)">
Espoir FC (Niger)

Espoir FC is a Nigerien football club based in Zinder. Their home games are played at Stade de Zinder.

</doc>
<doc id="7020134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020134" title="William Damasus Lindanus">
William Damasus Lindanus

William Damasus Lindanus or Van der Lindt (1525 – 2 November 1588) was a 16th-century Bishop of Roermond and Bishop of Ghent.
Biography.
William Damasus Lindanus was born at Dordrecht in 1525, the son of Damasus van der Lint. He studied philosophy and theology at the University of Leuven, and having during this time applied himself also to Greek and Hebrew, went to Paris to perfect himself in these languages. In 1552 he won the licenciate at Leuven, and the same year was ordained to the priesthood. Two years later, he was appointed professor of Sacred Scripture at the University of Dillingen.
In 1556, he took the doctor's degree at Leuven, and was appointed vicar-general to the Bishop of Utrecht and dean of the chapter at the court chapel of the Binnenhof in The Hague. Soon afterwards he became a royal counsellor and inquisitor in Friesland. In 1562, the Habsburg king Philip II of Spain designated Lindanus for the newly erected See of Roermond, and the following year, on 4 April, he was consecrated in Brussels by Cardinal Granvelle. He was, however, unable to enter his diocese until 11 May 1569. The erection of this bishopric had caused displeasure throughout the Low Countries, especially in the country of Guelders, of which Roermond was a part: where every act of the royal authority excited defiance. The Protestants were dissatisfied with the appointment of Lindanus, who was a staunch defender of the Catholic faith. The new bishop began at once to reform his diocese, assisted in person at the Provincial Synods of Mechlin (1570) and of Leuven (1573) and carried out the Counter-Reformation laws and regulations of the Council of Trent.
In 1572, he was obliged to flee for several months from Roermond to the south of the Low Countries; on his return to his see, he defended vigorously the properties of the Church against the civil authorities. In 1573, a violent conflict broke out between himself and the Duke of Alba; and the Protestants obliged him to flee on several occasions. In 1578, he travelled to Rome and Madrid in order to obtain justice against the chapter of Maastricht, which had refused to execute the regulations concerning the episcopal endowment, and to confer with the Pope and the king upon the measures necessary for the safeguarding of the Faith in the Low Countries. Returning to Roermond, with the help of Philip II, he founded the royal seminary or college at Leuven, for the education of young clerics. Lindanus went to Rome again in 1584 to treat of the interests of his diocese and of the state of the Church in the Low Countries and in Germany; he insisted particularly upon the urgent necessity of replying in a scientific way to the Centuriators of Magdeburg. His work in Roermond was brought to a close by his elevation to the See of Ghent, where he began his new episcopal duties on 22 July 1588. He died there three months later on 2 November.
Writings.
Among his numerous works the following are especially worthy of mention: "De optimo scripturas interpretandi genere" (Cologne, 1558); "panoplia evangelica" (Cologne, 1560); "Stromatum libri III pro defensione Concilii Tridentini" (Cologne, 1575); "Missa apostolica" (Antwerp, 1589), and in a more popular form, the dialogues, "Dubitantius" and "Ruwardius" (Cologne, 1562-3).
He edited the academic discourses of Ruard Tapperus (1577–78), and wrote many works in Dutch for the instruction of his flock, in order to keep them from Protestantism and to refute the Confession of Antwerp of 1566.

</doc>
<doc id="7020138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020138" title="Hokkaidō Prefectural Board of Education">
Hokkaidō Prefectural Board of Education

The is a board of education that mainly oversees public schools in Hokkaido, Japan.
The board directly oversees high schools and provides educational services in Hokkaido.

</doc>
<doc id="7020139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020139" title="Jangorzo FC">
Jangorzo FC

Jangorzo FC is a Nigerien football club based in Maradi. Their home games are played at Stade de Maradi.

</doc>
<doc id="7020140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020140" title="Leo Laakso">
Leo Laakso

Leo Laakso (21 August 1918 in Heinola – 4 April 2002) was a Finnish ski jumper who competed in the 1940s. He finished 6th in the individual large hill competition at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.

</doc>
<doc id="7020141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020141" title="Markus Jonsson">
Markus Jonsson

Per Markus Jonsson is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a defender. He played for Öster, AIK, Panionios, and Brann during a club career that spanned between 1999 and 2014. A full international between 2007 and 2009, he won four caps for the Sweden national team.
Club career.
He was born in Växjö, Sweden, and played seven seasons for his hometown team Öster. In November 2005, Jonsson signed for AIK on a free transfer, and managed to out-compete Jimmy Tamandi for the right-back spot at AIK. Impressive play from Jonsson made him frequently named as a contender for said spot in the national team.
More than just a skilled defender, Jonsson is known for his well-chosen offensive runs and precise crosses, forming a tremendous partnership with right winger Kenny Pavey. An excellent marksman from the penalty spot and AIK's first-choice penalty taker, Jonsson has stated in several interviews that he has never missed a penalty kick in a competitive match as a senior player. According to himself, he converted 25 penalties in a row when playing in Sweden.
In January 2010 he signed for Panionios on a free transfer. After two years in Greece, he signed for the Norwegian club Brann on 16 January 2012.
International career.
Jonsson won four caps for the Sweden national team between 2007 and 2009.
Honours.
AIK

</doc>
<doc id="7020142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020142" title="Per Svartvadet">
Per Svartvadet

Per Eric Svartvadet (born 17 May 1975) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player.
Svartvadet was drafted by the Dallas Stars in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft in the 6th round, as the 139th pick overall. In the summer of 1999 he was traded to the Atlanta Thrashers. He made his debut for the Thrashers in the 1999–2000 season, and also spent time with the Orlando Solar Bears that season. He spent four seasons in North America, before returning home to his native Sweden to play for Modo Hockey in 2003. The team won the Swedish championship in 2007, and this season Svartvadet was also given the Guldpucken, as the Most Valuable Player in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="7020144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020144" title="Dominican Sisters of the Immaculate Conception">
Dominican Sisters of the Immaculate Conception

The Dominican Sisters of the Immaculate Conception Province are a religious community of women consecrated to Christ in the Dominican charism with the mission of preaching the Gospel especially to those in most need (Constitutions no.4). The Congregation lives out this preaching through education, evangelization, and by aiding the sick and suffering. The community was founded in 1861 by Maria Rose Kolumba Białecka (1838–1887) in Poland.
Identity &amp; Mission.
The ministry of the Dominican Sisters of the Immaculate Conception Province focuses on Christian education, evangelization, care of the sick and suffering. A typical daily routine for the sisters includes Divine Office, meditation, Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, Holy Hour of Eucharistic Adoration, Rosary, spiritual reading, recreation, and apostolic work. The apostolic work ranges in nature from teaching, facilitating retreats, caring of the sick and elderly, to preparation for the Sacred Liturgy (see Mass), etc.
The Dominicansa, also known as “Order of Preachers”, – adhere to the motto of “contemplare et contemplata aliis tradere", which translates from Latin as “to contemplate and to pass on the fruits of contemplation". They were founded by St. Dominic in the 13th century. He was motivated by the society's need for Truth, and strove to confront heresy through preaching and prayer.
All religious institutes share certain practices in common, such as community prayer (primarily the Divine Office), community meals, work, private prayer, meditation, study, and, finally, religious vows (typically, the vows of evangelical counsels; poverty, chastity, and obedience). Often, the formation process is divided into five “stages” of discernment: observant/aspirant, postulant, novice, simply professed and solemnly professed (or perpetual vows). Until solemn profession of vows, the discernment process typically continues for about 5–8 years and the novice can leave at any time during this period.
A typical schedule for a religious community might look like the following:
 5:00 AM, Rise
 5:30 AM, Office of Readings (Matins)/ Morning Prayer (Lauds), Meditation
 6:30 AM, Holy Mass
 7:45 AM, Breakfast
 9:30 AM, Morning Chores/ Classes
 11:30 PM, Midday Prayer (Terce/None)
 12:30 PM, Lunch (with spiritual readings)
 2:00 PM, Apostolate
 5:00 PM, Supper
 6:00 PM, Eucharistic Adoration
 7:00 PM, Night Prayer (Compline)
 10:00 PM, Lights out
Institutes that are more “contemplative” (e.g. Benedictines) tend to allot more time to community prayer and have a more fixed schedule as listed above. On the other hand, the Dominicans, who are more “active", allot more time to an apostolate (serving the community in some capacity). Regardless of being contemplative or active, or both, every religious community shares in common both the heart of life is prayer and dedication to a life of self-conversion and renunciation for the sanctification of the Church. Across all religious communities is a shared breath of prayer, because they all recite the same Divine Office every day across the world.
Active institutes are perhaps better labeled “active-contemplative.” They are those, such as the Franciscans, Dominicans, Missionaries of Charity, etc., who tend to have more worldly interaction compared with contemplative orders. Saint Thomas Aquinas suggested that these active-contemplative orders are the most perfect form of religious life. However, in the words of Saint Francis of Assisi, one cannot be in the world without amounting “a little dust on his shoulders" and these orders must be the most vigilant. The closer one draws to the world, the more at risk he is of being sucked into it and conforming to the flesh instead of the spirit. Dominicans draw inspiration from St. Paul, who reminded the faithful: “Pray at all times in the Spirit, with all prayer and supplication. To that end keep alert with all perseverance, making supplication for all the saints, and also for me in opening my mouth boldly to proclaim the mystery of the gospel, for which I am an ambassador in chains; that I may declare it boldly, as I ought to speak.” Thus, the more active a religious, the more prayerful he must be also. The power of conversion relies entirely on one's recourse to prayer.
History.
The Dominican Sisters of the Immaculate Conception Province were founded by Mother Maria Rose Kolumba Białecka in 1861. She was born on August 23, 1838, in eastern Poland. Utilizing her many natural and supernatural gifts, Mother Białecka, at the age of 19, followed the dictates of her heart and entered the novitiate of the Dominican Sisters in Nancy, France to receive her religious formation. Not long after making her first religious vows, she returned to Poland to lay the foundations for the Congregation of the Dominican Sisters in Poland.
Heavy on Mother Białecka's heart was her countrymen's many needs, namely their struggle with poverty and illiteracy. Her mission of charity began by organizing a network of parochial schools where children and adults could learn to read, write, and better understand their Catholic faith. It was her burning desire that society's poorest, sick, and dying were provided with material help and sacramental assistance from the Church. She desired for them to realize their own dignity and reconcile themselves with God before they died.
Mother Białecka founded the very first Dominican Convent in Poland in 1861. Before her death in 1887, this congregation grew significantly and four other convents were also established.
Membership.
The requirements for entering the congregation are: the applicant must be 18–35 years, have a high school diploma, be in good physical, mental and emotional health, and have a pastor's or spiritual director's letter of recommendation. Joining the community is a thorough process in which the community and the person interested discern whether or not this lifestyle is appropriate for the person in question.
Areas where the order can be found.
The Dominican Sisters of the Immaculate Conception are present in 8 countries and on 4 continents and they have served the Church in North America for 80 years.
Other convents of Dominican Sisters of the Immaculate Conception in North America are found in Justice, Illinois (Provincial House); Milwaukee; Mountain Home, Arkansas; and Calgary, Alberta, Canada. They also have convents and mission houses in Poland, Italy, Cameroon, Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus.

</doc>
<doc id="7020147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020147" title="Contrareformation">
Contrareformation



</doc>
<doc id="7020150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020150" title="Ten (Band)">
Ten (Band)



</doc>
<doc id="7020152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020152" title="Zumunta AC">
Zumunta AC

Zumunta AC is a Nigerien football club based in Niamey. Their home games are played at the Stade Général Seyni Kountché.

</doc>
<doc id="7020159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020159" title="Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix">
Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix



</doc>
<doc id="7020160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020160" title="Olympic FC de Niamey">
Olympic FC de Niamey

Olympic FC de Niamey is a Nigerien professional football club based in Niamey. Their home games are played at Général Seyni Kountché Stadion. The club was formed in 1964 from the football club Secteur 6.

</doc>
<doc id="7020161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020161" title="Book of the Heavenly Palaces">
Book of the Heavenly Palaces



</doc>
<doc id="7020169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020169" title="Entente FC">
Entente FC

Entente FC is a Nigerien football club based in Dosso. Their home games are played at Stade de Dosso.

</doc>
<doc id="7020184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020184" title="Laakso">
Laakso

Laakso () is a neighbourhood in Helsinki, Finland. Its borders are defined by the streets of Mannerheimintie and Nordenskiöldinkatu and the Helsinki Central Park. The neighbourhood is bordered by Töölö in the south, Meilahti in the southwest, Ruskeasuo in the north and Länsi-Pasila in the east.
The neighbourhood has an area of 0.74 km2, a population of 1781 and 1583 jobs (December 31, 2003). Laakso is neighbourhood #18 in the official neighbourhood numbering of Helsinki, and belongs to the district of Reijola.
The population in Laakso is mainly concentrated in multiple-floor apartment buildings on Mannerheimintie. The neighbourhood also includes a hospital, a riding field, a traffic playground, and a large part of the southern Central Park.
For the 1952 Summer Olympics, the neighborhood hosted the Eventing equestrian riding competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="7020188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020188" title="Gibson Island (Maryland)">
Gibson Island (Maryland)

Gibson Island is an island and unincorporated community on the western shore of the Chesapeake Bay. It is part of Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States and is the eastern terminus of Maryland Route 177. It is connected by a causeway to Pasadena, Maryland. The two locations do not share a ZIP code.
History.
Gibson Island's history includes its use as a summer residence by Native Americans in the 17th century. Captain John Smith sailed past it in his voyage up the Chesapeake Bay in 1608. Land grants began issue around the 1680s. In the early 1900s, W. Stuart Symington Jr. (1871–1926) bought the island's land (including three existing island farms) with his brother Thomas, to develop the island into a residential community. One of the early owners was a man named Gibson, after whom the island is named.
The Symingtons, upon the advice of Edward H. Bouton, the developer of the Roland Park and Guilford neighborhoods in Baltimore, hired landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted Jr. to create a master plan for the island. The Symington brothers set certain areas aside for community facilities and divided the remaining land into building lots offered for sale through the Gibson Island Company, now known as the Gibson Island Corporation. In 1925, the first deed and agreement was adopted and recorded. From that time to the present, the corporation has had its own real estate department specifically handling the listing and selling of island properties.
The Great Depression halted rapid development of the island. An 18-hole Charles B. Macdonald designed golf course constructed in the 1920s was forced to downsize to nine holes, where it remains to this day. In 1936, corporation ownership was reorganized, giving greater control to island homeowners. This change led to a greater emphasis on maintaining the island's natural environment, with about two-thirds of its land set aside for recreation, forestry and open space.
Today, home prices on the island start at $US 1 million-plus, with the 2023 median sale price being $2,525,000. This makes Gibson Island the most expensive zip code in Maryland and the 45th most expensive zip code in the country. Today, Gibson Island is a gated community run by the Gibson Island Corporation, along with the Gibson Island Club, limiting access to the island and its facilities to residents or those with a formal reason for visiting. Many residents of the island are seasonal residents who reside primarily in Washington, D.C. or Baltimore. Features of the island include a yacht club, golf, tennis, skeet shooting, a post office, a historical society, and an Episcopal church.
Public safety.
The residents of the island employ a Special Police force through the corporation. The members of the force are sworn law enforcement officers, who have full law enforcement authority while working on the island. There have been reports over the years of sworn officers from the Anne Arundel County Police being stopped and questioned by the guards at the entrance to the island. In 2001, an inquiry by the Maryland State Police was opened into allegations of misconduct by the island's special police force. While the state police investigation found evidence of illegal traffic stops and uniform violations, the investigation was dropped after a new security staff passed a surprise inspection.
Education.
Although there are few families with children on Gibson Island and 100% of the children on the island are enrolled in private school, Gibson Island belongs to the Anne Arundel County Public Schools district. Children living on Gibson Island would hypothetically attend Bodkin Elementary School, Chesapeake Bay Middle School, and Chesapeake High School if they attended public schools.

</doc>
<doc id="7020192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020192" title="James Allen Graff">
James Allen Graff

James Allen Graff (b. East Orange, NJ, 1937 - d. Toronto, ON, October 23, 2005) was a professor of philosophy at the University of Toronto and an activist focused on human rights in Palestine.
Academic background.
He earned a BA at Lafayette College in 1959 and his doctorate at Brown University in 1963 with a thesis titled: "The Concept of a Moral Agent." As a professor at Toronto his teaching focused on ethics and political philosophy. John Irving, then head of the Department of Ethics at Victoria College, hired him as a lecturer in 1963. When Francis Sparshott stepped down as chairman of that department in 1970, Graff was appointed to succeed him. He held the post until the Department of Ethics was abolished and its members absorbed into the Department of Philosophy in 1975. He stayed at the department of philosophy, as a professor until 2002 and as professor emeritus until his death.
Palestine activism.
According to his University of Toronto obituary, "His principal interest in later years was the plight of the Palestinian people" and he wrote and spoke "widely and passionately on that topic".
Graff founded Canada's Near East Cultural and Education Foundation (NECEF) in 1984, which describes its mission as promoting "a greater understanding in Canada of the history, culture and contemporary situation in the Middle East, focusing on the Arab World" and funding "humanitarian, educational, development and health related projects both in the region and here at home."
His obituary in Canada's The Globe and Mail called him a "passionate and tireless advocate of Palestinian rights, he poured most of his energy into public awareness and alleviation of the plight of Palestinian children living under Israeli occupation and in the Arab world." The paper also said he "also criticized the Palestinian Authority's record on human rights -- at a cost to the movement that may never be known." From 1986 to 1996 Graff represented NECEF on and was vice chairman of the North American Coordinating Committee for Non-Governmental Organizations on the Question of Palestine. That group "met regularly at United Nations headquarters in New York." He stepped down from the committee in 1996 due to becoming legally blind.
"Jim hated [violence]," Anglican Reverend Robert Assaly told The Globe and Mail, recalling how Palestinian official human rights abuses - first by the PLO and later by the PA - started to capture Graff's attention during the negotiation of the Oslo Peace Accords. "Not only did he speak out against the violence, he spoke out against the violent. He and I kind of got the whole Non-governmental Organization movement on the Question of Palestine tossed out of the United Nations for that."
Janet Gunn in her memoir recalls the instrumental role Graff played in trying to save the life of Mohamed Abu Aker, a Palestinian 16-year-old who in 1988 had been shot by an Israeli soldier during a stone-throwing demonstration in his refugee camp near Bethlehem in the occupied West Bank. Aker needed a small bowel transplant if he was to survive his wounds - something that could not be done in the West Bank - and Graff used his contacts in the US to arrange the required visas and medical care. Mohamed eventually died from his injuries in October 1990.
An annual scholarship is awarded for study at Birzeit University in memory of Graff and Patrick Newton.

</doc>
<doc id="7020196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020196" title="Young Africans S.C.">
Young Africans S.C.

Young Africans Sports Club (commonly referred to as Yanga) is a Tanzanian professional football club based at Jangwani ward of Ilala District in Dar es Salaam Region, Tanzania. Founded in 1935, the club plays their home games at the 60,000-capacity Benjamin Mkapa Stadium.
Nicknamed Yanga, the club has won 31 Tanzanian Premier League titles and number of domestic cups, and have participated in multiple CAF Champions League editions. They have won the CECAFA Club Championship five times.
The club was ranked among the top ten clubs in Africa, at number 80, by the International Federation of Football History &amp; Statistics (IFFHS) in their 1 September 2022 – 30 August 2023 rankings. Globally, the club was ranked at number 104 in the IFFHS World Ranking.
The club became a symbol of the anti-colonial movement. Young Africans became associated with nationalists, freedom fighters and Sam Gosmore and inspired the political party TANU to adopt yellow and green as their primary colours. The club is currently in a process that will keep the club ownership 49% for investors and the rest 51% to the club members.
The club holds a long-standing rivalry with Simba, with whom they contest the Kariakoo derby, named after the district where both teams were founded. The rivalry was ranked 5th as one of the most famous African derbies.
On Wednesday, 17 May 2023, Young Africa made history when they became the first Tanzanian club to reach a CAF Confederation Cup final defeating Marumo Gallants 4-1 on aggregate and they faced USM Algiers from Algeria on the Cup's Finals which they lost 2-2 on aggregate due to away goals.
After winning the Tanzania Premier League Championship for a third consecutive time in the 2023-24 season, Yanga achieved a historical milestone of winning the country's Premier League title for the 30th time.
History.
The club's roots can be traced as far back as the 1910s, but the officially recognised history of the club started in 1935 when Dar es Salaam residents, who were grouped as Africans by the colonial administration in Tanganyika, decided to form a football club to compete in a league which was full of "non-Africans" football clubs. The name New Young is said to be the club's first name. Later it was replaced by the name Dar es Salaam Young Africans SC, and eventually the name changed to Young Africans Sports Club.
After its establishment in 1935, its members squabbled over their team's poor performance and results. The club had an even poorer and unsatisfactory performance in 1936 that caused some of the members to split and form another team. The proponents of breaking away were Arabs who saw fit to cause conflict among the club members that led to a split. They succeeded and together with dissidents formed a club known as Queens F.C./Sunderland F.C. (currently Simba). The two teams, Young Africans and Simba, have been rivals ever since.
In 2020, Yanga signed a consultancy deal with La Liga. On 27 May, the members of the club agreed to change their club's ruling structure to allow private investments from other companies.
On 17 May 2023, Yanga for the first time in its history qualified to a Continental final after defeating Marumo Gallants in the semi-final. On 3 June, Yanga Lost the 2023 CAF Confederation Cup final against USM Alger On Saturday, 16 September 2023, Yanga became the first African club to have over 2000 fans traveling with the team to an away CAF official match. The game was conducted at Kigali in Rwanda, a journey of 1156 km, which is over 20 hour drive distance. They bossed the game and of course thwarted the Sudanese side 2-0.
The Young Africans drew an average home attendance of 9,460 in the 2023-24 edition of the Premier League, the highest in the league.
Club identity.
Yanga has historically drawn support from working-class and low-income African communities. In contrast to its main rival, Simba SC (originally Sunderland), which developed connections with Arab, Asian, and civil service networks, Yanga’s early identity was closely associated with urban Africans and the broader nationalist movement.
During the colonial era, Yanga SC was informally linked to the Tanganyika African National Union (TANU), the political party that led the country to independence under Julius Nyerere. With political gatherings restricted under British rule, Yanga’s facilities were occasionally used for discreet meetings by TANU members. The club also played a role in raising funds and awareness in support of both the mainland independence movement and that of Zanzibar’s Afro-Shirazi Party (ASP). These historical connections contributed to the perception of Yanga as a club aligned with nationalist and independence-era values.
Following independence, the close relationship between football and government structures continued. From the 1960s onward, the Tanzanian state, under TANU and later the Chama Cha Mapinduzi (CCM) political party, played a central role in regulating sports, including Yanga SC. In 1967, the government dismissed the entire leadership of the national football association and required that their replacements be members of TANU. The authorities also ensured that the leadership of Yanga and Simba were aligned with the ruling party. In 1971, the construction of Yanga's headquarters was entirely funded by the ASP, which later merged with TANU in 1977 to form Chama Cha Mapinduzi. They operated the club under principles aligned with Nyerere’s Ujamaa socialist ideology. This included collective ownership by members and funding through community contributions.
In recent decades, there has been growing discussion about modernising the club’s structure to enhance competitiveness. In response to changing expectations and increased participation in continental competitions, Yanga has considered partial privatisation. A 49% stake was opened to private investment, though public discourse has raised questions about the influence of political actors in club governance.
Rivalry with Simba SC.
The rivalry between Simba SC and Yanga SC is one of the most prominent features of Tanzanian football and has deep historical and social roots. Originating in the 1930s as community-based teams in Dar es Salaam, the two clubs quickly developed into national symbols, with widespread support across the country. Their early rivalry extended beyond sport, reflecting broader social tensions: Yanga was seen as representing native Africans and the working class, while Simba (then Sunderland) attracted support from wealthier and foreign communities, particularly Asian traders and Europeans.
This rivalry intensified during the nationalist era, as Yanga aligned closely with the TANU independence movement. Competitive tensions increased through league titles and notable matches, such as Simba's 6–0 win over Yanga in 1977, which caused internal conflict within Yanga and led to the formation of Pan African S.C. by expelled players. While Pan African briefly added a third dimension to the rivalry in the 1980s, Simba and Yanga remained the dominant forces. The rivalry continued into the 1990s and 2000s, fuelled by commercial sponsorships and efforts to sign top players. The emergence of Azam F.C. in 2008 introduced a new competitor, but the traditional Simba/Yanga rivalry remains the most intense.
Honours.
Continental.
CECAFA Club Championship
CAF Confederation Cup
Toyota Cup

</doc>
<doc id="7020198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020198" title="Vazelina Bilopphøggers">
Vazelina Bilopphøggers

Vazelina Bilopphøggers were a Norwegian band founded in 1979, in Gjøvik, Norway. They are known for their comedic re-interpretations of old rockabilly songs, where they re-write the lyrics in their own dialect. They have had several hits in Norway and have worked with many Norwegian stage artists and comedians. They have also been interpreted through comic books and computer games. In 1991 they provided the music for the Norwegian version of "Rock-A-Doodle", and also provided the voices of some of the characters in the Norwegian dub; Viggo Sandvik voiced Chanticleer, Eldar Vågan voiced Patou, Jan Einar Johnsen voiced Snipes and Arnulf Paulsen voiced Stuey. In December 2000 they starred in a Christmas revue on TV 2.
They are one of the active groups in Norway that have been playing the longest. The name, as the myth goes, was improvised on the phone, when they needed a band name in their first competition, where they won. "Bilopphøggers" is a variation of the Norwegian word for auto wreckers, and drummer Arnulf Paulsen ran a wrecking yard on the side.
In September 2019, the band announced that they would call it quits after the farewell concert "40 år med vondt brenn'vin (40 years of bad liquor)" in Oslo Spektrum in March 2020. The concert was sold out in 3 minutes, and an extra concert was added the day before. The concerts were postponed three times, and the farewell concert was finally held on 8 October 2022.
Former live members.
Their singer and trumpeter, Viggo Sandvik, quit in January 2006 after being an important band member for 25 years. He was then replaced by 34-year-old Kjetil Foseid.
Besides playing in the band, the drummer, Arnulf Paulsen, A.K.A. "Høgger'n" ("The Chopper"), also runs a wrecking yard and used automotive spare parts shop in Hunndalen, a few miles west of Gjøvik.

</doc>
<doc id="7020199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020199" title="Simba S.C.">
Simba S.C.

Simba Sports Club is a professional football club based in Kariakoo ward in Ilala District of Dar es Salaam Region in Tanzania.
It was founded in 1936 as "The Queens" before being renamed to Sunderland and, in 1971, was finally renamed Simba (Swahili for "Lion"). The team's nickname, "wekundu wa msimbazi" ("the Red Lions"), is a reference to their all-red home strip and Msimbazi Street in Kariakoo where their headquarters is based.
Simba SC has won 22 Tanzanian Premier League titles, 5 Tanzania FA Cup and has participated in CAF Champions League multiple times. Simba are two times finalists of CAF Confederation Cup, In the year 2025 and previous CAF cup in 1993 making the club the most successful Tanzanian football club in international competitions. 
The club was ranked among the top 20 clubs in Africa, at number 04, by the International Federation of Football History &amp; Statistics (IFFHS) in their May 1, 2024 – April 30, 2025 rankings. Globally, the club was ranked at number 105 in the IFFHS World Ranking.
Simba holds a long-standing rivalry with Young Africans S.C. (known as Yanga) with which they contest the Kariakoo derby, named after the ward, where both teams were founded. In 1977 Simba beat Yanga 6-0 a record that stands to date as the biggest loss margin between the sides. The rivalry was ranked 5th as one of the most famous African derbies.
Honours.
Continental.
CAF Confederation Cup
Performance in CAF competitions.
CAF Champions League: 12 appearances
African Cup of Champions Clubs: 9 appearances
CAF Confederation Cup: 6 appearances
CAF Cup: 2 appearances

</doc>
<doc id="7020203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020203" title="Parada de Sil">
Parada de Sil

Parada de Sil is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Caldelas.

</doc>
<doc id="7020206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020206" title="Uninvisible">
Uninvisible

Uninvisible is the seventh studio album by avant-jazz-funk organ trio Medeski Martin &amp; Wood, released by Blue Note Records in 2002.
Track listing.
All tracks by Medeski Martin &amp; Wood except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="7020208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020208" title="Sarreaus">
Sarreaus

Sarreaus is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of A Limia.

</doc>
<doc id="7020212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020212" title="Timber (G.I. Joe)">
Timber (G.I. Joe)



</doc>
<doc id="7020213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020213" title="Bus stop (band)">
Bus stop (band)



</doc>
<doc id="7020214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020214" title="Tritelia">
Tritelia



</doc>
<doc id="7020217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020217" title="Nogueira de Ramuín">
Nogueira de Ramuín

Nogueira de Ramuín is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Ourense. The municipality consists of 13 parroquias, with the capital being Luintra.

</doc>
<doc id="7020229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020229" title="Nogeira de Ramuin">
Nogeira de Ramuin



</doc>
<doc id="7020230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020230" title="First American Road in Florida">
First American Road in Florida

The First American Road in Florida (also known as the Andrew Jackson Trail or Military Road) is a historic road near Gulf Breeze, Florida. It is located in the Naval Live Oaks Area of the Gulf Islands National Seashore.
History.
After the Adams–Onís Treaty went into effect in 1821, Pensacola, along with the rest of the Florida Territory was officially transferred from Spain to the United States. In 1824, the US Congress provided funding to build the Pensacola-St. Augustine Road, known as Bellamy Road, in order to connect East Florida with West Florida. On September 28, 1998, the Andrew Jackson Trail was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="7020240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020240" title="Yeading fc">
Yeading fc



</doc>
<doc id="7020242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020242" title="Vilariño de Conso">
Vilariño de Conso

Vilariño de Conso is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Viana.

</doc>
<doc id="7020247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020247" title="Ghost in the Machine (disambiguation)">
Ghost in the Machine (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7020250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020250" title="Vilarino de Conso">
Vilarino de Conso



</doc>
<doc id="7020251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020251" title="Till Then">
Till Then

"Till Then" is a popular song written by Eddie Seiler, Sol Marcus, and Guy Wood and published in 1944.
Background.
The song was a plea (presumably by a soldier, off to fight the war) to his sweetheart to wait for him until he could get back home. Like many war-themed songs, it enjoyed great popularity when it came out in 1944.
Recorded versions.
The song has continued to be popular, with versions recorded in later years by artists such as:

</doc>
<doc id="7020261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020261" title="Kevin Cooper (footballer) 08/02/1975">
Kevin Cooper (footballer) 08/02/1975



</doc>
<doc id="7020265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020265" title="Link farming">
Link farming



</doc>
<doc id="7020269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020269" title="Barzelletta">
Barzelletta

Barzelletta ("lit." "jest") was a popular verse form used by "frottola" composers in Italy in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. It is generally trochaic, with eight syllables per line. The "barzelletta" consists of two sections: a "reprisa" which is four rhyming lines (rhyme scheme ABBA or ABAB), a stanza, and a "volta". The "barzelletta" tends to be lively and dance-like, with heavy accents on cadences.

</doc>
<doc id="7020272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020272" title="William D. Pender">
William D. Pender



</doc>
<doc id="7020273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020273" title="Florida State Road No. 1">
Florida State Road No. 1



</doc>
<doc id="7020274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020274" title="Five Finger Mountain legends">
Five Finger Mountain legends



</doc>
<doc id="7020276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020276" title="Gibson Island">
Gibson Island

Gibson Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7020278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020278" title="Connie Fisher">
Connie Fisher

Connie Fisher (born 17 June 1983) is a British actress, singer and TV presenter, who won the BBC One talent contest "How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria?"
On 15 November 2006, she opened to excellent reviews in the part of Maria von Trapp in "The Sound of Music" in the West End, London on a six-month contract, which was extended until 23 February 2008. She resumed the role of Maria in "The Sound of Music" UK tour starting in July 2009. She had a recurring role as a patient in the British medical drama series "Casualty" in 2012.
Early life.
Fisher was born in Lisburn, Northern Ireland, and is the daughter of a major in the Royal Corps of Signals. Fisher lived in Dorset, England until the age of four, when she moved to a village near Haverfordwest in Pembrokeshire, Wales. She attended Hayscastle Junior School, and then went on to Sir Thomas Picton School. She is a fluent Welsh speaker.
During her teenage years she was a member of Haverfordwest Operatic Society where she performed in "The Pirates of Penzance" and played Nellie Forbush in "South Pacific". She was also a member of the Torch Youth Theatre where she performed in Georg Büchner's play "Woyzeck". She successfully became a member of National Youth Music Theatre (1999–2002), where she played the Lady of the Lake in the UK tour of "Pendragon", and played the lead role, Morgan Le Fay, when the production toured Japan in 2001.
From an early age Fisher was a member of Côr Newyddion Da (English translation – "Good News Choir"), which introduced her to the Eisteddfodic field and encouraged her to perform as a soloist. She competed annually in the Urdd Gobaith Cymru, National and International Eisteddfods. In 2002 Fisher won the Wilbert Lloyd Roberts Scholarship in the National Eisteddfod "Songs from the Shows" competition and the Milford and West Wales Mercury talent competition.
Fisher received her professional vocational training at the Mountview Academy of Theatre Arts, winning a Dance and Drama Award to have her training fully funded by the Government. She graduated in 2005 with a First Class BA Hons degree in Musical Theatre, as well as the Gyearbuor Asante prize for the highest score. At Mountview she performed in "Annie Get Your Gun", "A…my name is Alice", "Jerry's Girls" and played Julie Jordan in "Carousel".
Career.
Early career.
Fisher made television appearances on Jane McDonald's "Star for a Night" when she was sixteen; "Owen Money's Just Up Your Street", and BBC Children in Need. She also recorded a Welsh song called "Curiad Calon" (Heartbeat) which was released on the compilation album "Cân i Gymru" (A Song for Wales). She released a charity single for the Noah's Ark Appeal entitled 'Eyes of a Child'.
Fisher's first professional theatre appearance was at Milford Haven's Torch Theatre, Christmas 2005, where she played Princess Samina in a pantomime of "Aladdin". She then took the £1,000 cash prize and the Gower Trophy in the Welsh Musical Theatre Young Singer of the Year Competition in 2006. Before being cast as Maria, she worked in media telesales, whilst auditioning for West End parts but failing to get cast.
Maria: 2006–2008.
Fisher came to prominence on winning the 2006 BBC One talent contest "How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria?". In early March 2007, she was ordered by her doctor to take two weeks' rest from "The Sound of Music", after straining her vocal cords singing through a cold. On her return to the show, it was announced that Fisher would be reducing her workload to six shows a week, with Maria being played in the Monday evening and Wednesday matinee shows by Aoife Mulholland, one of the runners-up in "How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?".
On 1 July 2007, Fisher performed alongside artists including Sarah Brightman, Josh Groban, Donny Osmond and Andrea Bocelli in Lloyd Webber's segment of the Concert for Diana at London's Wembley Stadium in front of 63,000 people. She also appeared at Bryn Terfel's Faenol Festival during the August bank holiday weekend, 2007. She also featured on the 50th Anniversary studio recording of "West Side Story", singing "Somewhere". In October 2007, she won the 2007 lastminute.com People's Choice Theatre Award for "Favourite Theatre Actress". She was also awarded the whatsonstage.com Theatregoers Choice Award for "London Newcomer of the Year".
On 24 December 2007, Fisher performed with Lee Mead and some of the other "Maria" and "Any Dream" finalists in a BBC special 'festive' reunion show called "When Joseph met Maria!" – celebrating both the hit Andrew Lloyd Webber BBC shows – it was recorded earlier on 2 December 2007. The BBC show, "How Do You Solve A Problem Like Maria?", featuring Fisher, won an Emmy Award in New York (2007) for best non-scripted entertainment.
Post-Maria: 2008–2011.
Fisher ended her run as Maria on 23 February 2008. Fisher was soon co-starring with Alistair McGowan in a revival of the musical "They're Playing Our Song" at the Menier Chocolate Factory. Also, in November Fisher appeared in concerts at Truro Cathedral and at the Great Fosters Hotel in Surrey. In December 2008, Fisher appeared with her mother in an episode of Bargain Hunt, Famous Finds. She also starred in her first TV drama. "Caught in a Trap" aired on "ITV1" in it she plays a young woman with an Elvis Presley obsession.
Fisher's second solo album, "Secret Love", was released on 23 February 2009. In April her "Secret Love" UK Tour was cancelled in order for her to undergo an operation on her vocal cords. She suffers from "congenital fusion anomalies". Between Monday 1 June and Friday 5 June 2009, Fisher guest presented the Scottish lifestyle show "The Hour", alongside the show's main host Stephen Jardine. The UK tour of "The Sound of Music", starring Fisher, began previews in Cardiff on 26 July 2009.
Voice problems: 2011–present.
In 2011 Fisher was diagnosed with congenital sulcus vocalis (holes in her vocal cords). This seriously affected her singing and general speaking voice, which she described as sounding "like Marge Simpson". After three operations in Boston, MA, Fisher was told she would never sing again and stopped singing professionally. In 2015, she met voice builder Gary Catona, who offered to help her sing again. The process was filmed as a documentary, "Connie Fisher: I'll Sing Once More", and broadcast on BBC1 in July 2015.
Since 2011 Fisher has since expanded on her TV work, presenting "Songs of Praise" and the BBC Cardiff Singer of the World competition, and established the Connie Fisher Academy, which trains aspiring performers in musical theatre. In 2013, Fisher joined TV production company Avanti Media, and presently works there as a development producer.
Fisher has also developed her acting roles, undertaking a recurring role as patient Amanda in the BBC One medical drama series "Casualty". She first appeared as a patient in early 2012, and returned as the same character in a recurring role later in the year. She left the show on 1 December 2012. In 2012 she played Ruth in the UK Tour revival of "Wonderful Town" opposite Michael Xavier.
In 2018, Fisher was one of three Welsh judges (alongside Tara Bethan and Stifyn Parri) on the panel of "Junior Eurovision: Chwilio am Seren" (English: Search for a Star), a singing competition organised by Rondo Media and broadcast on S4C, to select an entrant aged 9–14 to participate in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2018, representing .
Personal life.
Fisher married banker Jeremy Reed in 2010. They live in Barry.
In August 2009, Fisher was made a member of the Gorsedd at the 2009 National Eisteddfod in Bala, Gwynedd.
Discography.
"Favourite Things".
On 9 October 2006, Fisher released her debut album, "Favourite Things" which featured the following track listing:
[It reached No. 14 on the UK Album chart]
"The Sound of Music – London Palladium cast album".
On 11 December 2006, the soundtrack to the new production of "The Sound of Music", featuring Connie Fisher, Lesley Garrett and the cast of the production, was released, produced by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Nigel Wright for Really Useful Records.
"Secret Love".
On 23 February 2009, Fisher released her second solo album, "Secret Love", which features the following track listing:

</doc>
<doc id="7020280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020280" title="Cooperator">
Cooperator

Cooperator may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7020282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020282" title="Party of Three">
Party of Three



</doc>
<doc id="7020284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020284" title="Castrelo de Miño">
Castrelo de Miño

Castrelo de Miño is a small municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of O Ribeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="7020288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020288" title="Tetratheca">
Tetratheca

Tetratheca is a genus of around 50 to 60 species of shrubs endemic to Australia. It is classified in the botanical family Elaeocarpaceae, now known to encompass the family Tremandraceae, which the genus originally belonged to. It occurs throughout extratropical Australia, and has been recorded in every mainland state except the Northern Territory.
Origin and evolution.
The origin of the genus is thought to be south-western Western Australia, radiating eastward. The distribution of "Tetratheca" is mainly across the temperate southern part of the continent. Most species are localised endemics and are highly disjunct from each other. Very few are widespread across Australia; none occurs in the Nullarbor Plain and only seven are found on both the western and the south-eastern sides. (McPherson, 2008). The formation of the Nullarbor is thought to have created a barrier to dispersal between the east and west.
It is estimated that the family Elaeocarpaceae is 120 million years old and Tetratheca estimated to be around 37 to 39 million years old, with major diversification over the Miocene and evolving much faster than their relatives, many of which are rainforest species. This coincides with the rapid radiation and diversification of other sclerophyllous groups.
Species.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="7020289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020289" title="Castrelo de Mino">
Castrelo de Mino



</doc>
<doc id="7020292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020292" title="Tioga Lake">
Tioga Lake

Tioga Lake is a small glacial lake in the Inyo National Forest of Mono County, California, about two miles (3 km) north of the Tioga Pass entrance to Yosemite National Park. The lake bed is alongside State Route 120 in the Sierra Nevada of California.
History.
Unlike most passes through the Sierra which are named for an individual, "tioga" is an Iroquois word, meaning "where it forks" or "swift current". Tioga County, New York, is the namesake for the lake. The area is believed to have been settled as early as 10,000 years ago by indigenous peoples. John Muir was among the first Americans to see the area. The next major interest came from the mining and logging industries.
Recreation.
The lake offers trout fishing, a picnic area, and a 13-site managed campground. Some of the wildlife in the area are brave enough to approach humans, especially birds and marmots. Occasionally a bobcat or bighorn sheep can be seen, although the latter are particularly shy.
Because of its inaccessibility, the region and Tioga Lake itself are popular with campers who want to avoid the crowds of Yosemite, photographers, anglers, and nature lovers in general. Birds of prey are more common here, making Tioga Lake and its surroundings popular with bird watchers. Because of the altitude and its location at the crest of a major pass, the weather is extremely unpredictable. Frost is even possible in July.

</doc>
<doc id="7020299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020299" title="Fear Itself (band)">
Fear Itself (band)

Fear Itself was a short-lived psychedelic blues-rock band formed by Ellen McIlwaine in the late 1960s in Atlanta, Georgia. The band featured McIlwaine on lead vocals and playing harmonica, rhythm guitar and organ. Chris Zaloom played lead guitar, and Bill McCord was on drums. Steve Cook played bass guitar and was the bassist on the band's one album, the self-titled "Fear Itself". However, Cook left, and was replaced by Paul Album on bass.
For most of its time together the group was based in New York City and was part of the Greenwich Village music scene. The group performed at Woodstock Sound-Outs mini-festival in 1968.
The band's only album was released in 1968 on LP by Dot Records. It was produced by Tom Wilson.
After the album was released, Paul Album was killed in a car crash caused by a drunk driver. Following this the group separated. McIlwaine later moved to Canada and started a solo career.
The album was re-issued on CD in 2006 by World In Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="7020301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020301" title="A Pobra de Trives">
A Pobra de Trives

A Pobra de Trives is a municipality in the northeast of the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Trives.

</doc>
<doc id="7020302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020302" title="Son of a Gun (EP)">
Son of a Gun (EP)

Son of a Gun is the debut extended play single by Glasgow alternative rock group the Vaselines. The title-song of the EP came to a wider audience after a Nirvana Peel session version of it, along with "Molly's Lips", was released on their compilation album "Incesticide".
"You Think You're a Man" is a cover of a song written by Geoff Deane for the cult-film actor Divine.
Track listing.
"All songs written by Frances McKee and Eugene Kelly except where noted."

</doc>
<doc id="7020303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020303" title="Emmanuel Christopher Loblack">
Emmanuel Christopher Loblack

Emmanuel Christopher Loblack OBE (29 August 1898 – 3 June 1995) was a Dominican trade unionist and politician.
Trade union.
Loblack was raised in the community of Grand Bay, Dominica, where he was born in 1898. He was a mason and builder by trade; he was employed by the Public Works Department in 1939, and this job was the impetus that would begin his long political career.
In 1939, Loblack met with London's Moyne Commission, who were visiting the island to investigate conditions in Dominica. He, along with several other people, appeared before the commission and took its members to view areas of Roseau. He made complaints about wage rates and the working conditions that tenant farmers were working in. One member of the commission, Lord Citrine, encouraged the establishment of a trade union, which he had also suggested done in other territories.
On 11 January 1945, Loblack, with the assistance of Austin Winston and Ralph Nicholls, launched the Dominica Trade Union. The union grew quickly, largely through changing work hours of most Dominicans from 6 a.m.–6 p.m. to 8:00 a.m.–4:00 p.m. It soon grew to 26 branches around the island.
As leader of this trade union, Loblack, represented Dominica in Britain at the International Confederation of Trade Unions in 1949. It was at this meeting that Loblack successfully lobbied for electricity, bridges, and roads, which were all needed in many parts of the country.
Political career.
In May 1955, with longtime Dominican political activist Phyllis Shand Allfrey, he created the Dominica Labour Party. However, at the same time, the visions of new Trade Union members and Loblack began to differ, and in 1957 he left.
His perseverance and commitment towards the Dominica Labour Party garnered him a nominated seat in the legislative council when the Dominica Labour Party won the 1961 general elections. However, with the expulsion of co-founder of the party Phyllis Shand Allfrey, in September 1962 Loblack removed himself from the party.
In 1968, with much political clout Loblack, along with Edward Scobie, Anthony Moise, Mary Eugenia Charles, and several others founded the Dominica Freedom Party, and were known as Freedomites.
Late career and death.
For the final 27 years of his life, Loblack championed for the success of the Dominica Freedom Party. He received a Meritorious Service Award from the State and a Certificate of Commendation from the University of the West Indies. With his death Dominica also recognized his outstanding achievements and Loblack was given a state funeral on 10 June 1995. To honour his achievements and vision, the government of Dominica renamed Dominica's Roseau East Bridge to the E.C. Loblack Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="7020304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020304" title="Ipod games">
Ipod games



</doc>
<doc id="7020306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020306" title="1992 Labour Party leadership election">
1992 Labour Party leadership election

The 1992 Labour Party leadership election followed the Labour Party's failure to win the 1992 general election and the subsequent resignation of party leader Neil Kinnock.
There were only two candidates in the election, with John Smith always the clear favourite to win. The ballot took place on 18 July 1992 at the Labour Party conference. Affiliated organisations had 40% of the vote, while Constituency Labour Parties and the Parliamentary Labour Party had 30% each in the electoral college. Gordon Brown and Robin Cook were both seen as potential candidates, but did not stand.
John Smith was elected in a landslide victory with 91% of the vote. This was the last Labour Party leadership election which used the trade union block vote; the system was reformed under Smith's leadership to a one member, one vote system which was in place for the 1994 leadership election held two years later when Smith died suddenly of a heart attack.
The contest took place simultaneously with the 1992 Labour Party deputy leadership election.
Result.
John Smith was elected leader of the Labour Party with a clear majority.
Shortly after Black Wednesday in September 1992, Labour's lead in the opinion polls began to rise. By the time of his sudden death, Smith was widely predicted and expected to become prime minister at the next general election.
In the event, he would only serve two years before his death, which precipitated another leadership election.
Reactions.
"The Sunday Times" described Tony Blair, the Shadow Employment Secretary at the time, as "The Leader Labour Missed" following Smith's win. Blair would go on to be leader between 1994 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="7020311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020311" title="International Mathematical Olympiad selection process">
International Mathematical Olympiad selection process

This article describes the selection process, by country, for entrance into the International Mathematical Olympiad.
The International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO) is an annual mathematics olympiad for students younger than 20 who have not started at university.
Each year, participating countries send at most 6 students. The selection process varies between countries, but typically involves several rounds of competition, each progressively more difficult, after which the number of candidates is repeatedly reduced until the final 6 are chosen.
Many countries also run training events for IMO potentials, with the aim of improving performance as well as assisting with team selection.
IMO Selection process by country.
Argentina.
In Argentina, the Olimpíada Matemática Argentina is organized each year by Fundación Olimpíada Matemática Argentina. All students that took and passed the National Finals (fifth and last round of the competition) exams, usually held in November; and were born before July 1 21 years ago, are allowed to take two new written tests to be selected for IMO, usually in May. From the results of that tests, six titular students and a number of substitutes are selected to represent Argentina at the International Mathematical Olympiad.
Australia.
In Australia, selection into the IMO team is determined by the Australian Mathematics Trust and is based on the results from the following exams:
The Australian Mathematical Olympiad (AMO) is held annually in the second week of February. It is composed of two four-hour papers held over two consecutive days. There are four questions in each exam for a total of eight questions. Entry is by invitation only, with approximately 200 candidates per year from Australia and New Zealand. 
The top 25 from the AMO are invited to sit the Asian Pacific Mathematics Olympiad, a four-hour exam with five questions held a month after the AMO.
About 80 students are chosen for the AMOC Selection School which is held in April of each year. Students are invited to either the Senior, Intermediate, or Junior Stream. At this school, the Senior students take Team Selection Tests (consisting of 12 questions with 3 in each 4.5-hour test) and 6 students plus one reserve are selected for the International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO). There is a mentor program for the Australian teams prior to the EGMO and IMO. 
Bangladesh.
The selection process is organised by Bangladesh Mathematical Olympiad.
There are four levels of selection in Bangladesh. The students can participate in four academic categories: primary, junior, secondary and higher secondary.
Cut-marks depend on overall performance of every participants in this level.
Brazil.
The Brazilian participants are selected in a two phase process:
Belgium.
The Belgian team is bilingual. The Dutch-speaking community selects three participants during the Vlaamse Wiskunde Olympiade. The French-speaking community selects their three participants through the [Olympiade Mathématique Belge] and additional tests at training weekends.
Canada.
High school students must first write the Canadian Open Mathematics Challenge, which takes place around November. If they score high enough in the COMC(normally 60+), they will be invited to write the Canadian Mathematics Olympiad (CMO), Asian Pacific Mathematics Olympiad (APMO), IMO TST, and unofficially write the USAMO.
The students with the top scores (conditions permitting) will make the Canadian team and travel to the location of the IMO in that year. Although the team is made up of students from all over Canada, Toronto and its suburbs have produced the most people for the team due to its high population density. The Canadian Mathematical Society is the organization which selects team leaders and members for the IMO team.
China.
In mainland China, high school students can participate in the annual National High School Mathematics Competition held on the second Sunday of September. However, unofficial provincial preliminary tests may be held to pre-select students for the competition.
The competition consists of two tests: the first test is 80 minutes long and covers the high school mathematics syllabus, while the second test is 170 minutes long, consists of 4 proof questions, and covers topics in contest mathematics. The top-scoring competitors from each province, usually 3 to 5 (but for very strong provinces, it can be up to 15), will be invited to participate in the Chinese Mathematical Olympiad held in November or December.
In recent years, the provincial quotas have increased; for instance, the quotas for CMO 2023 ranged from 6 to 26. Top 15 contestants from the China Girls Mathematical Olympiad are invited to the CMO, as well as past national training squad members. 
The CMO has the same format as the IMO but is graded in 3-point increments to give a total score of 126 points. Approximately the top 60 competitors of CMO will be selected for the national training squad and attend the training camp, which is divided into two separate stages, each 8 to 9 days long. All national training squad members are exempted from Gaokao to let them focus on competition preparation. During the first stage of the camp, they will take two sets of IMO-style selection tests, with 4 papers in total. Then the top 15 competitors in the first stage will be selected for the second stage of the camp held at a different place some time later, during which they will take another two sets of IMO-style selection tests. At the end of the second stage, the 6 students with the highest combined scores in the four selection tests will form the Chinese team.
Colombia.
In Colombia the selection and preparation of students for math competitions is organized by Olimpiadas Colombianas de Matemáticas. The process begins with the regional competitions which are held in October and November. The best students of these competitions are invited to the January Training Session. In early March the National Competition or Olimpiada Colombiana de Matemáticas begins. It consists of a sequence of four examinations: the classificatoria, the selectiva, the semifinal and the ronda final. The latter contains a (prior) training session and then two days of IMO-style papers.
Every Colombian high school student can take part in the first "classifying" examination but afterwards students are invited to compete according to their results on the previous examination. The three best students of the three different high school levels of the final round examination are the winners of the Colombian Math Olympiad. Although in principle students of the lower levels may be selected to go to the IMO, it generally takes many years before they can compete with students of the highest level or nivel superior. After the National Competition the twenty best students of each level are invited to the June Training Session where students undergo the IMO selection process.
Croatia.
"Hrvatsko matematičko društvo" invites about 20 contestants who performed best at the national level (national level competition is separated by age) to the Croatian Mathematical Olympiad ("Hrvatska matematička olimpijada", HMO) which consists of 2 days, 4 problems each. The best ~10 are invited to the IMO test, the rest to the MEMO test. The best six at the IMO test and HMO combined are selected for IMO.
Cuba.
In Cuba the selection process consists (depending on regional conditions of availability of resources, participants and organizers) six levels. Competitions are held to select the best candidates from each school, then from each municipality, then from each province who then are allowed to take part in the National Competition ("Concurso Nacional" in Spanish). The gold and silver medals (around 20 participants) take a number of further exams closer to the level of International competitions. Thirteen of these are selected to form the National Pre-Selection that trains for up to three months taking also exams out of which the best 6 are selected to form the National team. In a number of years the lack of financial support has allowed only the first member of the team to actually travel and compete in the International mathematical Olympiad. 
Cyprus.
In Cyprus Four provincial competitions and a National (Pancyprian) competition are held every year. During this procedure 30 students are selected and Four Team Selection Tests are held to determine who will be the six member of national team for IMO
Czech Republic.
After successfully completing the school and regional rounds, roughly 50 best participants are invited to the national round, where 10 best students are selected to participate in a week-long selection campus. Each day they solve a set of 3-4 problems, taken mainly from the past national olympiads of various countries. On the last day they have to find the answers (this time in form of a number) to rather large set of shorter problems under significant time-pressure. After that the team is selected and before the actual IMO, it competes in traditional Czech-Slovak-Polish Mathematical Contest where the participants can practise their skill under almost identical conditions to IMO.
Denmark.
In Denmark a national contest open to all high school students is held every year called "Georg Mohr-Konkurrencen" (the Georg Mohr Contest) named after a Danish mathematician. The top scorers are invited to the winner seminar test. The top 20 students are invited to the NMC. After this a preliminary team is chosen for the IMO-TST.
France.
The Association Animath, and more precisely the prepares and selects the French IMO team. Students who succeed at a preselection test can get from Animath a year-long training. The team is selected based on the results of numerous IMO type tests throughout the year.
Germany.
IMO team selection in Germany is based on the main national mathematical competitions: The Bundeswettbewerb Mathematik (BWM, the former west German olympiad), the Deutsche Mathematik-Olympiade (DeMO, the former east German olympiad), and Jugend forscht (a research competition). Students successful in any of these competitions (e. g. a prize in the second round of the BWM) write two 3-hour exams at their schools, and the 16 best scorers of these exams are invited to a training program consisting of five seminars, where lectures are given and seven team selection tests are written - 4-hour exams determining the actual IMO contestants (additional tests are possible if the team is not uniquely determined after the seven exams).
Hong Kong.
Hong Kong first joined IMO in 1988.
Students can join IMO Training if they meet (at least one) of the requirements below:
A total of 60-70 students will be selected to receive further training. Students are placed in either Level 1 (about 50 students) or Level 2 (about 20 students) training, while the students who completed Level 1 in the previous year are usually promoted to Level 2. There are three Phases in the training (Phase I: July to August; Phase II: September to December; Phase III: January to March). The Phase tests are:
18 students are then chosen according to their results in all the Phase tests and Prelim to attend the additional tests, Test 3 and Test 4 in late April or May. 6 HK Team members and 6 alternate team members are then selected to join the Pre-IMO Intensive Training (also known as ‘Phase IV’) according to their results in all the tests mentioned above. The six HK team members will then join IMO.
In addition, 6 students are selected to join the Chinese Mathematical Olympiad (CMO) according to their results in the Phase tests in Phase I and II, and Prelim.
In the past, students are selected to join the China Western Mathematical Olympiad (CWMO), but IMOHKC has stopped sending representatives to CWMO.
Unlike mainland China and Taiwan, there are no specific policies for university admission for students representing Hong Kong SAR in the IMO and other mathematics competitions. There was a case of an IMO team member denied a university place in Hong Kong by the University Grants Committee due to unsatisfactory grade in a language subject in the public examination.
Iceland.
Iceland first joined the IMO in 1985.
In Iceland, the Icelandic Mathematical Olympiad for Secondary School Students (Stærðfræðikeppni Framhaldsskólanema) was first held in the winter of 1984-1985, and it has been an annual occurrence ever since. It is hosted by the Icelandic Mathematical Organization and the Natural Sciences's Teacher Association. Its goals include increasing the interest of Icelandic secondary school students towards mathematics, and other fields built on a mathematical foundation.
The contest is held in two parts every winter. First, a qualifier held in October of every year on two difficulty levels; upper level, and lower level. The lower level is intended for first year secondary school students, and the upper level for older students. Those who do well in the qualifier are invited to the final competition, held in March.
Alongside honours and awards, the top students are selected to perform in various mathematical olympiads, including the Baltic Way, the Nordic Mathematical Contest, and the International Mathematical Olympiad.
India.
India has been participating in the IMO since 1989. The National Board for Higher Mathematics (NBHM) is in charge of the mathematical olympiad activity which has put Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education (HBCSE) in-charge for the implementation.
The selection process consists of four stages: However, the programme itself is of six stages.
Indonesia.
In Indonesia, National Mathematical Olympiad is held as a part of National Science Olympiad (Olimpiade Sains Nasional), and has been held annually since 2002. About 100-120 students who pass the province-level test will be eligible to participate in the National Mathematical Olympiad, which is held in August or September. About thirty students are chosen to get into the first training camp, which is held at October through November. About half of them will go to second training camp and participate in the Asian Pacific Mathematics Olympiad. At the end, six students are selected to represent the country. The selection depends on the results of regular tests held every week in every training camp, IMO simulation test and APMO.
Ireland.
In Ireland, the top scorers in the Junior Certificate (a state exam taken around the age of 15-16) are invited by the various universities to take part in the Irish Mathematical Olympiad. The IrMO is held simultaneously in May in each of these universities. The test consists of two three-hour papers, each containing five questions, run on the same day. The top six students are selected for the national team.
Israel.
As of 2023, the Weizmann Institute of Science is the academic institution that is responsible for the selection process.
The selection process is based on the four main national math competitions in Israel:
To qualify for the final stage of the selection process, students must excel in one of these competitions. Approximately 100-200 students are invited to participate in the final stage, which is conducted at the Weizmann Institute of Science. The top 50 scoring students in this stage compose Israel's national mathematics team.
Italy.
In Italy, the Italian Mathematical Olympiad is held every year; the full selection process is made up of four stages:
The six-person team competing in the IMO is determined by summing up the scores of four different competitions: the senior national stage, held each September in Pisa, the Balkan selection test held each February in Pisa (also selecting the team competing in the BMO and in the RMM) composed by two papers with three problems, four and a half hours each, and then the national stage and the May stage held in Pisa.
Japan.
In Japan, the Japan Mathematical Olympiad (JMO) is held every year. JMO has two rounds: the first one in November and the second one in February. The Junior Japan Mathematical Olympiad (JJMO) is also held for middle-schoolers. The best 20 scorers in JMO, as well as the best 5 scorers in JJMO, are invited to the spring training camp in March. The top six students in several tests at this camp are selected for the national team.
Kosovo.
In Kosovo, there are many stages to the selection process:
Latvia.
In Latvia a national contest open to all high school students takes place each year. The best participants of regional contests are allowed to participate in the national olympiad held in Riga. The top students are further tested to select the national team.
Liechtenstein.
The Liechtenstein team is selected via performances in the Swiss Mathematical Olympiad.
Malaysia.
The selection is based on the Olympiad Matematik Kebangsaan, OMK (National Mathematical Olympiad) and the subsequent training camps. Top OMK performers are selected to attend the training camps, and the final IMO representatives are selected based on the students' performance in the camps and race.
Mexico.
The selecting process in Mexico has 3 stages and is organized by the Mexican Mathematical Olimpiad. At first stage, each of the 32 states select a team of up to 6 students which will represent the state in the national contest. The contest is held once at year, in the month of November.
According to the results of this contest, at least 16 students are selected, who will continue to the second stage of the selecting process, the national trainings, which are held from November to April in which the group of 16 students gets reduced to approximately 10.
In May the third stage of the contest is held, in which the six students that will represent Mexico in the next IMO. In similar process the teams for the Centroamerican and Caribbean Mathematical Olimpiad (OMCC) and Iberoamerican Mathematical Olimpiad (OIM) are selected. In March the test for the APMO is solved.
Netherlands.
In the Netherlands the selecting process consists of three rounds.
New Zealand.
The first selection is based on NZMO1, after which some of the students are invited to take the NZMO2. The top 24 students are then selected and invited to a residential one week training camp. At the end of the camp, approximately 12 students are selected as a squad. The squad receives regular assignments to complete every few weeks as well as sitting the British Maths Olympiad, Australian Maths Olympiad and the APMO. The final six candidates plus one reserve are later selected based on results of the assignments and these tests.
Norway.
In Norway, the Niels Henrik Abels Matematikkonkurranse is held each year. The first selection, usually in November, consist of a multiple-choice exam with 20 problems. One is given 5 points for each correct answer, 1 point for each unanswered problem and 0 point for a wrong answer. Approximately 10% of the competing students are selected for the second selection, which is held in January. The examination consist of 10 problems, giving 10 points for each correct answer, who are integers between zero and one thousand. 20 students are then selected for a final four-hour-long examination consisting of four problems. While usually the 3 best students are automatically chosen for the final team, the rest 3 are decided by their results in the Nordic Mathematical Contest, which they will compete in afterwards.
Pakistan.
In Pakistan, selection for the IMO participants is quite similar to that in other countries. The process starts one and a half year before a particular IMO; and a test (also known as NMTC - National Mathematics Talent Contest) is taken by the high school students which is organized by the Higher Education Commission of Pakistan. The test is held in January and the results are announced by April or May. About fifty students out of a 4000 are selected which are called by Abdus Salam School of Mathematics, Government College University, Pakistan - usually in September. The fifty selectees are taught at the school for a week or two and are then tested at the last two days of the camp. This process, involving the top 50, is known as First Camp. Based on the performance in the test, about 20 students are further selected for the Second Camp, and the rest are dropped. These 20 students are joined by 30 students (from NMO - National Mathematics Olympiad) in the Second Camp. Ten students from the 50 are then selected, again based on their performance in a test. Third Camp is the final camp, and 5 are screened out of these 10. These would be the finalised participants for IMO.
Alternatively, high school students from all over Pakistan take NMO (National Mathematics Olympiad) which is organized by Abdus Salam School itself. About 30 are selected which join the NMTC top 20 students in Second Camp. This test is held after the result of the First Camp of NMTC is announced. Students who do not qualify the First Camp of NMTC can still take the NMO if they wish to come to the Second Camp.
Sometimes, the selection process may involve more than three camps and the number of students selected per camp can vary from the figures provided above.
The Philippines.
The selection process starts with the Philippine Mathematical Olympiad (PMO), which includes a qualifying stage, an area stage, and a national stage. The National Finalists (roughly the top twenty) of the PMO will be invited to a two-month training camp. The top students (at most six) in the selection tests given during this training camp will make up the IMO team.
Poland.
In Poland the selection is based on the results of the Polish Mathematical Olympiad (), which includes a qualifying stage, a regional stage, and a national stage. Top 6 students of the national stage qualify to the IMO. In case of a draw, either the results of a regional stage or the run-off during a training camp for the IMO can be used.
Portugal.
In Portugal, there are four selection steps. The three first are the exams of the Portuguese Mathematics Olympiad and the last is composed of several exams made by Projecto Delfos, who also prepares the students for international competitions.
Romania.
In Romania those that enter the Team Selection Process (4 tests in total; the first one for the enlarged team, the second one for the small team, the third and fourth ones for the team that represents Romania to the IMO) are selected from the Romanian National Mathematical Olympiad (ro. Olimpiada Națională de Matematică/ a României) which consists of four rounds: School (in every school), Local (in every locality; sectors are considered localities), County/Sectors of Bucharest (in every county or sector) and National. 
After the national round, the other three TSTs take place, along with training camps (ro. "stagii de pregătire ale lotului național").
Russia.
Russia possesses a very extensive system of selecting and training participants for IMO. Different aspects of solving mathematical problems are studied and revealed: combinatorics, logics, structural arrangement and proofs. All problems are evaluated from 7 points. Top participants obtain certificates of 3 degrees ("1st", "2nd" and "3rd diploma") and often additional "commendable certificates". Totally up to half of participants (in the last 2 rounds) gain diplomas.
The official rounds (each picking about 1/3 top of the previous) are: School, Borough, Region, and national. More details:
Singapore.
In Singapore, the SMO (Singapore Mathematical Olympiad) is held with three sections- Junior (Grade 7 and 8), Senior (Grades 9 and 10) and Open (Grades 11 and 12). There are two rounds in each of the competitions and the top 20 SMO (Open) Round 2 scorers will be invited to attend IMO training sessions, from which two IMO-style National Team Selection Tests (NTSTs) will determine the 6 participants in the IMO.
South Africa.
In South Africa those who would be members of the team must pass through a nationwide talent search by correspondence, after which the top fifty or so are selected for a camp (usually in the December holidays) at Stellenbosch University. A number of rounds of monthly problem sets are issued by the University of Cape Town which are taken into consideration, along with the camp marks to select the top fifteen/sixteen to go to a final selection camp at Rhodes University, Grahamstown or more recently the University of the Free State, Bloemfontein in April. A final training camp takes place at the University of Cape Town or more recently, the University of Pretoria just before the IMO. The Asian Pacific Mathematics Olympiad has been used informally as a test, along with an IMO selection test written at the schools of the top fifteen in the event of indecision.
Spain.
In Spain there are two rounds.
The first one is held in each university district. There are two written tests, in which six or eight problems are to be solved, depending on the region. The first three participants in each district go to the national round.
This one also consists of two written tests, three and half hours long each, with a total of six problems. The top six scorers go onto the International Olympiad.
Sweden.
In Sweden, a mathematics contest called "Skolornas Matematiktävling" is held every autumn. Those who qualify to the finale are invited to participate in a correspondence course in problem solving as well as the Nordic Mathematical Contest. From the combined results of the qualification round, the correspondence course and the finale and NMC, the six highest achievers of the Swedish finalists are invited to join the Swedish IMO team.
Switzerland.
In Switzerland, the Swiss Mathematical Olympiad consists of four rounds. The first two rounds narrow down the field to 25 students, who then take the third round in March to determine national medals. Medalists take the Swiss Team Selection Test in May, where the six best performers are picked for the Swiss IMO team.
Taiwan.
In Taiwan, the selection process consists of three sessions, starting from mid March to the end of April. Students who rank among the top 30 in the Taiwanese Mathematical Olympiad test can participate the first session. During each session students will be tested by six IMO-style problems, and top six students will be selected as the members of the Taiwanese IMO team. The training sessions will be held during May and June.
Thailand.
In Thailand, the selection of the IMO representatives is the responsibility of the organization "The Promotion of Academic Olympiad and The Development of Science Education Foundation". There are many branches of this organization around the country. At the end of August, a 30-question exam is open to all high school students to select 60 students to join each camp (there are about 20 camps) in each branch of the country for promoting mathematics skills, known in Thailand as "POSN Camp 1". The topics include Algebra, Geometry, Number Theory, Combinatorics, and Logic. After the camp, an exam is given in each of the preceding topics to evaluate the skills. A number of students, usually 30, are selected to join another camp in March, known in Thailand as "POSN Camp 2". The topics include Algebra, Geometry, Number Theory, and Combinatorics in an advanced level, Functional Equation, and Inequality. After the camp, an exam is given and 6 students are selected from each branch of the country to compete in the Thailand Mathematical Olympiad. Anyone with gold or silver medal (about 40 students) will continue to the camp known as "IPST Camp 1", and an exam is given, and some, usually 25, are selected to "IPST Camp 2", finally, only 6 students will compete in the International Mathematical Olympiad.
United Kingdom.
In the UK, selection is through competitions and training camps under the auspices of the United Kingdom Mathematics Trust, starting with the multiple-choice Senior Mathematical Challenge (SMC). The SMC is followed by the British Mathematical Olympiad (BMO), held in two rounds, but candidates who did not take part in the SMC or did not achieve the qualifying score may enter the BMO on payment of an entry fee and so be considered for the IMO team. After the two rounds of the BMO, 24 potential team members, chosen primarily based on BMO results, are invited to a training and selection camp held in Trinity College, Cambridge, during which further examinations are held, allowing the number of potential team members to be reduced to eight or nine. A final camp is subsequently held (which has been at locations including Oxford, London and Cambourne over the past few years), after which six students are chosen as the team and a first reserve is also named. In addition to this formal selection process, there is further training during the year for a squad of potential team members, including the 'Advanced Olympiad Mentoring Scheme', practice exams and an annual training camp in Hungary; information from exams at the Hungary camp may be considered in selection where available.
United States.
In the United States, the team is selected through a year-long process, starting with the American Mathematics Competitions (AMC) consisting of 25 multiple-choice questions in 75 minutes with increasing difficulty, with high-scoring individuals from the Year 10 (AMC10) and 12 (AMC12) divisions admitted into the American Invitational Mathematics Examination (AIME). The AIME is invite-only and may also accept proficient takers from the United States of America Mathematical Talent Search.
The AIME includes 15 numerically answered questions in 3 hours, with top scorers qualified for the United States of America Mathematical Olympiad, selecting attendees for the United States Mathematical Olympiad Program, who are eligible to take the final Team Selection Test to select the IMO team.
Vietnam.
In Vietnam, the Mathematics division of the , a yearly competition for Vietnamese high school students is used as basis for IMO team selection. In HSGQG, different aspects of solving mathematical problems are studied and revealed: combinatorics, logics, structural arrangement and proofs. The Math division of the HSGQG is colloquially called the Vietnam Mathematical Olympiad (VMO). After VMO, the top 48 scorers, plus past IMO contestants who have not graduated from high school will participate in the international Olympiads selection tests, commonly called TST. Six students with the highest scores on this test will be the competitors for IMO, whom are exempt from the university entrance examination to prepare for the IMO. The same process is used for the selection of contestants for IPhO, IChO, IBO and IOI, alongside APhO and APIO, with varying numbers of top scorers selected for the TST.
Tunisia.
There are two math associations: ATCCM (Association Tunisienne de Culture et Competitions Mathematique) and ATSM(Association Tunisienne des Sciences Mathematiques) . Each one has its own tests and have the right to choose 3 competitors for IMO, until 2019: they chose together 6 competitors. The arrangement changed this May.

</doc>
<doc id="7020312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020312" title="Ramirás">
Ramirás

Ramirás is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Terra de Celanova.

</doc>
<doc id="7020316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020316" title="Ramiras">
Ramiras



</doc>
<doc id="7020320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020320" title="Black Briton">
Black Briton



</doc>
<doc id="7020322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020322" title="Souya Subprefecture">
Souya Subprefecture



</doc>
<doc id="7020323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020323" title="Matt McBriar">
Matt McBriar



</doc>
<doc id="7020326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020326" title="Rikard Norling">
Rikard Norling

Rikard Olof Norling (; born 4 June 1971) is a Swedish football manager.
Forced to retire early from his professional playing career due to an injury, Rikard Norling started a coaching career at the age of 22. In his early managerial career, Norling headed IK Bele, Väsby IK and GIF Sundsvall before taking on his first major position as manager for AIK in 2005. After helping AIK secure promotion back to Allsvenskan in 2005 and finishing as runners-up in the league as newcomers in 2006, he was sacked after conflicts with the club board. He took a short break before he came back to the coaching scene as he was appointed manager for Assyriska FF. Norling managed Assyriska to a fourth-place position in Superettan in 2010. Halfway through the 2011 season he was presented as the new manager for reigning Swedish champions Malmö FF to replace Roland Nilsson. At Malmö FF he won the 2013 league title and the club finished in the top during all of Norlings three seasons at the club. In May 2016 Norling returned to AIK as manager again.
Playing career.
Norling started his career at IK Bele where he played together with future Celtic star Johan Mjällby during his early teens. He then switched to IF Brommapojkarna where he was considered a very promising player, he remained at the club until a back injury forced him to retire as a player at the age of 21.
Coaching career.
Early career.
At the age of 22 Norling started his coaching career at IF Brommapojkarna, coaching the youth team. In 1994, he returned to IK Bele where he took the reins at the senior team, leading them to a top position in the league (Swedish football Division 4) as newcomers. He then headed to AIK, a club he had supported all his life, to train the youth team in 1996. In 1998 new AIK manager Stuart Baxter appointed Norling his assistant. Together they witnessed the first league title for AIK in six years in 1998.
The following year AIK reached the UEFA Champions League group stage. Norling also saw the pinnacle of his coaching career. With Baxter suspended after verbally abusing the fourth official during the first round group match against FC Barcelona, Norling saw himself at the helm when AIK played Arsenal at Wembley Stadium. No other Swedish club team has ever played there before or since, and thus Norling is the only person to have managed a Swedish club side at the stadium. Norling remained as Baxter's assistant during the 2000 campaign, but then returned to the position of youth team manager the following year when Baxter resigned. In 2002, he took charge of third division side Väsby IK. He led the team to two straight league wins, but failed twice in the promotion play-offs. In 2004, he was appointed joint manager of Allsvenskan side GIF Sundsvall whom he led to their second best position ever, finishing seventh.
AIK.
Norling was appointed as AIK's manager on 11 November 2004 following the club's relegation from the top level in Swedish football, the Allsvenskan, the same year. He led the team to a quick promotion by winning the second level, the Superettan, in style clinching the berth with three games still to play. He put his team in a position to become the first newcomer to snatch the league title in 38 years although AIK finished as runners-up in the end of the 2006 campaign. Norling remained at AIK until November 2008 when he and manager Charlie Granfelt both were relieved from their posts.
Assyriska.
In January 2010, he joined Assyriska. In his first season, he guided the club to a fourth place in Sweden's second tier division Superettan, the club ended five points short of the third place and promotion play-off position. His second season started well with the club being at the top table after eight matches. Norling managed the club for the last time in a Superettan fixture against Ängelholms FF on 29 May 2011 which Assyriska lost 2–1.
Malmö FF.
On 25 May 2011, Malmö FF presented Norlings as the club's new head coach. He succeeded Roland Nilsson who left the club to take over FC Copenhagen. Norling formally joined Malmö FF on 3 June after the players had returned from a brief leave, his first competitive was against his former club AIK at Råsunda on 12 June where Malmö FF lost 2–0 and his first home game was against Kalmar FF on 20 June where Norling saw his team win for the first time with 2–0. Norling joined the club with ten rounds played in the league and with the club in a fourth-place position. For his first season at the club Norling managed to guide the team to a fourth place in Allsvenskan. The club also qualified to the group stage of the 2011–12 UEFA Europa League after being knocked out in the play-off round of the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League.
The 2012 season was Norlings first full year season as Malmö FF manager. He guided the club to a 3rd place in the league and qualification to the qualifying rounds to the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League. Malmö FF was in the title race until the last match where an away win against AIK would have sufficed to win the title as champions IF Elfsborg drew against Åtvidabergs FF as Malmö FF lost against AIK. After the 2012 season reports stated that there was a conflict of interests between Norling and the club's director of sports Per Ågren, reports went as far as to say that the two men weren't on speaking terms. It was said that Norling was unsatisfied with the way Ågren dealt with contract negotiations and the transfers of players. It was indicated that Norling was displeased by Ågren's decision to sell striker Mathias Ranégie to Italian side Udinese during the summer transfer window. The rift between Norling and Ågren was confirmed by club captain Jiloan Hamad. On 16 November 2012 Malmö FF decided to hold a press conference to deal with the speculations and to clarify that both Norling and Ågren would stay at the club.
Having seemingly repaired their relationship, Malmö FF with both Norling and Ågren in partnership signed striker Magnus Eriksson before the start of the 2013 Allsvenskan season. Despite a poor start to the season with an early exit in the 2012–13 Svenska Cupen the club established itself in the top of the table as the season got under-way. During the summer months Norling guided Malmö FF through to the third qualifying round of the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League by beating Irish side Drogheda United and Scottish side Hibernian. However Premier League club Swansea City proved to be too strong for Norling and his men. On 13 August 2013 reports stated that the board of Malmö FF had made a decision to sack Norling as manager of the club after the season, regardless of the team's position in the table. At the time of the reports the club was positioned second in the league behind rivals Helsingborgs IF on the same number of points albeit with an inferior goal difference. On the same day club chairman Håkan Jeppsson expressed his full confidence in Norling and denied the reports that a decision had been made.
After a very successful second part of the season, Malmö FF eventually secured the 2013 league title in the penultimate match of the season in an away game against IF Elfsborg at Borås Arena. Norling stated after the match that he would stay at the club and was looking forward to prepare for the next season. However his last match as manager for Malmö FF proved to be the 2013 Svenska Supercupen where the club defeated IFK Göteborg to win its second official title of the season. On 27 November 2013 Norling announced his resignation from Malmö FF due to undisclosed reasons.
Brann.
Norling was unveiled as the new manager for Norwegian Tippeligaen club Brann on 3 December 2013 after much speculation. Norling signed a contract until the end of the 2016 season. 
However, after Brann was relegated from Tippeligaen and the team continued to struggle, Norling was sacked on 27 May 2015.
AIK.
Norling was appointed to his second spell as AIK's manager on 13 May 2016, following the sacking of Andreas Alm the same day. He signed his contract until 2020. In 2018 AIK won the league with 67 points – the highest points gained in Allsvenskan, tied with Malmö FF in 2010.
Norling was sacked by AIK on 27 July 2020, following being on a disappointing 12th place in the league after 11 played games of the season.
IFK Norrköping.
On 23 December 2020, Norling was appointed as the new manager of IFK Norrköping in Allsvenskan, replacing Jens Gustafsson.
Personal life.
Norling is married and a father of four.
Managerial statistics.
1 Only competitive matches are counted.
Honours.
Manager.
AIK
Malmö FF

</doc>
<doc id="7020334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020334" title=".ipg">
.ipg



</doc>
<doc id="7020340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020340" title="The Temp">
The Temp

The Temp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7020347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020347" title="Colonel West">
Colonel West



</doc>
<doc id="7020350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020350" title="Kevin Yates (politician)">
Kevin Yates (politician)

Kevin Yates is a Canadian politician, who served as an MLA in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1999 to 2011, for the constituency of Regina Dewdney.
Born February 17, 1963 in Carmichael, Saskatchewan, he moved to Regina in 1983. Before Yates was elected the MLA for Regina Dewdney he was employed by the Saskatchewan provincial government as a social worker and corrections worker for 15 years. He was the chief negotiator for the public service bargaining unit of SGEU for six years.
Yates was first elected to the Saskatchewan Legislature in a 1999 by-election for Regina Dewdney. He was re-elected in 2003.
In 2006 Yates was named to the Executive Council of Saskatchewan as Minister of Corrections and Public Safety and Deputy Government House Leader.
On September 15, 2006, Yates stepped down from his position as the Minister of Corrections and Public Safety for "personal reasons", which he declined to name, beyond explaining that he was not stepping down for health-related issues. Some media sources, along with Saskatchewan Party Opposition Leader Brad Wall, speculated that his "resignation" was the result of insubordination to Saskatchewan Premier Lorne Calvert.
Following a May 31, 2007 cabinet shuffle, Yates returned to cabinet as Minister of Community Resources and Minister Responsible for Disability Issues.

</doc>
<doc id="7020352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020352" title="General West">
General West

General West may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7020353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020353" title="Karaiyellam Shenbagappoo">
Karaiyellam Shenbagappoo



</doc>
<doc id="7020356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020356" title="Kogge-Stone">
Kogge-Stone



</doc>
<doc id="7020367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020367" title="Sweden national cricket team">
Sweden national cricket team

The Sweden national cricket team represents Sweden in international cricket. It is organised by the Swedish Cricket Federation, an affiliate member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) since 1997 and an associate member since 2017. 
Sweden made its international debut in 1993 at the European Nations Cup. It has since played regularly in the lower divisions of European Cricket Council tournaments and other series against European teams. Sweden first hosted an ICC-approved international cricket tournament in August 2016, when the 2016 ICC Europe Division Two was played in Stockholm.
In April 2018, the ICC granted all its members full Twenty20 International (T20I) status. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Sweden and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will be a full T20I.
History.
The first cricket club in Sweden was formed in Gothenburg in 1883. One of the founders, Erik Blidbert, had learnt the game in London and became a natural leader for Sweden's pioneering Cricket enthusiasts. The club's full name was "Lyckans Samfund" (Society of Joy), a pun on the name of the local neighbourhood.
The first organised club of modern times, called the Stockholm Cricket Club, was created in 1948 by the staff of the British Embassy in Stockholm. They played against the crews of passing ships and made annual visits to Helsinki. Västerås started in the 1960s and teams from Gothenburg and Mariestad (founded by Ugandan-Indians) followed in the 1970s.
The Swedish Cricket Federation (SCF) was formed in 1990. The driving force behind it was the "Guttsta Wicked Cricket Club". The Swedish Cricket Federation became a Member of the ICC in 1991. Over the years, clubs like "Stockholms Akademiska Cricketsällskap," set up by students at Stockholm University in 1996 and now one of the largest clubs in the country, have fuelled the growth of Cricket in Sweden. In the initial years, progress was slow, but there was interest. Foreign teams also toured Sweden from time to time to keep things interesting. MCC visited Sweden in June 1999, which was one of the high points for Cricket in the country.
After becoming an affiliate member of the ICC, Sweden participated in many ICC-organised tournaments. In 1997 Sweden successfully hosted its first ever ICC Europe (then ECF) tournament, an indoor tournament in Halmstad.
In 2011, Sweden participated in and won the European Division 3 in Slovenia. The following year, Sweden became runners-up in the European Division 2 championship in Corfu, Greece, which earned the national team a place in the European Division 1, the highest-level tournament Sweden ever played in.
Inspired by the national team's achievements, the national club scene started taking cricket seriously and in 2012, the SCF increased its membership to 21 clubs. The newly formed Division 2 was set up the same year. In 2013, six new clubs joined the league, with the total number of players in the country standing at around 1500. With the ICC development fund, youth cricket also got much attention, with youth camps organised in the three larger cricket regions: Stockholm, Malmö, and Gothenburg. All of this meant further strengthening the club scene and adding to the membership of SCF. In 2014, the SCF applied to become a member of the Swedish Sports Confederation (Riksidrottsförbundet, RF). The RF accepted the application and recognized SCF as its 71st member organisation in May 2015.
2016 was the first year the government funding was available to SCF. This helped build many new cricket facilities in the country and made it possible to host the ICC Europe WCL Division 2 tournament in Stockholm. Sweden finished runners-up in that tournament and again gained promotion to European division 1. In 2015–16, Sweden was one of the largest receivers of refugees in Europe; many of these refugees came from cricket-playing countries. This helped form many new clubs and helped existing clubs gain new members because of the government's integration initiatives. Cricket is growing rapidly in Sweden, and clubs exist in almost every part of the country.
In 2021, Sweden was among five teams excluded from the ICC T20I Championship for failing to play enough fixtures in the relevant period, an effect of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Sweden will make their T20I debut during the tour to Denmark in August 2021.
Records.
International Match Summary — Sweden
"Last updated 17 August 2025"
Twenty20 International.
T20I record versus other nations
"Records complete to T20I #3409. Last updated 17 August 2025."

</doc>
<doc id="7020369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020369" title="Smithy Gang">
Smithy Gang



</doc>
<doc id="7020373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020373" title="Chilean Bell Flower">
Chilean Bell Flower



</doc>
<doc id="7020375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020375" title="Westbury, England">
Westbury, England



</doc>
<doc id="7020387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020387" title="Rte 1">
Rte 1



</doc>
<doc id="7020390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020390" title="Fear Itself (Music Band)">
Fear Itself (Music Band)



</doc>
<doc id="7020395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020395" title="Ana de Castro">
Ana de Castro

María Francisca Ana de Castro, called "La bella toledana" (ca.1686 – December 23, 1736) was a Spanish immigrant to Peru, renowned for her beauty and hauteur. She was arrested in 1726, accused of "judaizing" (being a practicing Jew). She was burned at the stake after an "auto de fe" in 1736. This event was a major spectacle in Lima, but it raised questions about possible irregular procedures and corruption within the Inquisition.
Early life.
Ana de Castro was born in Toledo, Spain. She and her second husband, a merchant in Lima, arrived in Peru in 1707, together with the new viceroy, Manuel de Oms y de Santa Pau. Her great beauty was mentioned in most written accounts of her by contemporaries. She was also said to be extremely haughty. For example, she was said to attend mass in the Plaza de la Recoleta in her carriage, but without descending from it. She was a wealthy and cultivated member of society in Lima. She was also accused of being promiscuous — there were rumors that she had had an affair with one of the royal viceroys. (If true, this was probably Oms or José de Armendáriz, viceroy from 1724 to 1736).
Arrest, imprisonment, torture and execution.
The story of her arrest is as follows. Out of revenge, one of her ex-lovers bribed a maid in her household to hide a crucifix beneath her mattress. He then denounced her to the Inquisition, claiming that she was guilty of whipping an image of Christ. An investigation turned up the image among her bed linen and she was arrested. It is not possible to verify this story.
Women were exempt from torture by the Inquisition, but nevertheless, the Supreme Council of the Inquisition in Lima voted to subject her to torture to obtain a confession. In her ten years in prison she was tortured three times, and she had twenty audiences with the inquisitors in order to give her an opportunity to confess. Her considerable property, estimated at 22,000 pesos, was confiscated.
She apparently did not confess to the major charges against her, although she admitted to some Jewish observances she believed were not incompatible with Catholicism (observing the Sabbath and mourning the dead, things she had learned as a child). She was said to have revealed under torture that her sister and some other relatives had been burned by the Inquisition in Seville for impenitence, that she herself had been implicated in the crime, and that she had been asked to whip a small child to death as an act of judaizing but had only witnessed the act.
In 1736, in spite of a ruling from Spain that she be spared, she was paraded through the streets of Lima on a mule, subjected to a sermon, turned over to the secular arm, and then burned at the stake. A crowd of 10,000 jeering spectators witnessed her execution. She was accompanied by other prisoners, but they were sentenced to lesser penalties. Her ashes were thrown into the Rímac River.
Irregularities.
There were irregularities in her case, recognized at the time. As a woman, she should not have been subjected to torture. Some witnesses reported seeing signs of repentance when she was paraded through Lima to the stake, something that should have spared her life but didn't. There was also a directive from Spain barring her execution, which was ignored. "Fiscal" (public prosecutor) Mateo de Amusquíbar accused Cristóval Sánchez Calderón, inquisitor from 1730 to 1748, of executing her for the spectacle, and as a demonstration of the power of the Inquisition. To this might be added the motive of confiscation of her property. Amusquíbar accused Sánchez Calderón of corruption — mismanaging funds and personally profiting from the fines he imposed. Sánchez Calderón was arrested and expelled from Lima, but allowed to return in 1747.
The Holy Tribunal banned discussion of her case, under pain of excommunication.

</doc>
<doc id="7020398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020398" title="Alice, Duchess of Calabria">
Alice, Duchess of Calabria



</doc>
<doc id="7020399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020399" title="Robot mafia">
Robot mafia



</doc>
<doc id="7020426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020426" title="NAVELSG">
NAVELSG



</doc>
<doc id="7020432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020432" title="Microsoft Vista 2007">
Microsoft Vista 2007



</doc>
<doc id="7020436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020436" title="WXKC">
WXKC

WXKC (99.9 FM), branded as "Classy 100", is a commercial radio station in Erie, Pennsylvania. It is owned by Cumulus Media and broadcasts an adult contemporary radio format, switching to Christmas music for much of November and December.
WXKC's studios are located at 471 Robison Rd West in Erie, while its transmitter is located near Knoyle Rd and Heibel Rd outside of Erie. WXKC broadcasts using HD Radio technology. Its HD2 digital subchannel airs an adult R&amp;B format branded as "104.3 The Touch". The HD2 signal feeds FM translator W282BR at 104.3 MHz. and the HD3 subchannel airs a Christian radio format from the Family Life Network.
History.
Beginnings.
The station first went on the air in 1949 as WERC-FM, the FM counterpart to WERC (1260 AM), becoming WWYN-FM in 1960 and WWFM in 1966. The call sign was changed to WLVU in 1975.
For many years until the mid-1980s, this was Erie's heritage easy listening radio station. The station ran automated for almost its entire existence until its purchase by K &amp; K Radio Broadcasting station on April 1, 1985, when it was changed to an AC oldies station "Easy Rock 999", which operated for several months on the automation system.
Following the purchase by K &amp; K, and amid declines in the easy listening format, Don Kelly took "Eazy Rock 999" live to "Classy 100" WXKC adult contemporary on June 15, 1985, much like what it is today.
The original announcing staff when "Classy 100" launched in the Spring of 1985 was: Morning Drive/Program Director-Dana Bolles, Mid-Days-Paul Davies, Afternoon Drive/Promotions Director-Joe DeSantis, Love Songs 7-Midnight-Kristi Nelson. One year after launch the station, with this crew, was selected as Medium Market Station of the Year runner up.
The original Sales Team members: Carolyn Buckel, Don Dalesio, Don Alberstadt, Paul Wickles and General Sales Manager Gary Spurgeon.

</doc>
<doc id="7020444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020444" title="Robert II (Dreux)">
Robert II (Dreux)



</doc>
<doc id="7020446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020446" title="Cantido">
Cantido



</doc>
<doc id="7020447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020447" title="Canti">
Canti

Canti may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7020452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020452" title="Pinosylvin">
Pinosylvin

Pinosylvin is an organic compound with the formula C6H5CH=CHC6H3(OH)2. A white solid, it is related to trans-stilbene, but with two hydroxy groups on one of the phenyl substituents. It is very soluble in many organic solvents, such as acetone.
Occurrence.
Pinosylvin is produced in plants in response to fungal infections, ozone-induced stress, and physical damage for example. It is a fungitoxin protecting the wood from fungal infection. It is present in the heartwood of "Pinaceae" and also found in "Gnetum cleistostachyum".
Injected in rats, pinosylvin undergoes rapid glucuronidation and a poor bioavailability.
Biosynthesis.
Pinosylvin synthase, an enzyme, catalyzes the biosynthesis of pinosylvin from malonyl-CoA and cinnamoyl-CoA:
This biosynthesis is noteworthy because plant biosyntheses employing cinnamic acid as a starting point are rare compared to the more common use of "p"-coumaric acid. Two other compounds produced from cinnamic acid are anigorufone and curcumin.

</doc>
<doc id="7020455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020455" title="Postmarketing surveillance">
Postmarketing surveillance

Postmarketing surveillance (PMS), also known as post market surveillance, is the practice of monitoring the safety of a pharmaceutical drug or medical device after it has been released on the market and is an important part of the science of pharmacovigilance. Since drugs and medical devices are approved on the basis of clinical trials, which involve relatively small numbers of people who have been selected for this purpose – meaning that they normally do not have other medical conditions which may exist in the general population – postmarketing surveillance can further refine, or confirm or deny, the safety of a drug or device after it is used in the general population by large numbers of people who have a wide variety of medical conditions.
Postmarketing surveillance uses a number of approaches to monitor drug and device safety, including spontaneous reporting databases, prescription event monitoring, electronic health records, patient registries, and record linkage between health databases. These data are reviewed to highlight potential safety concerns in a process known as data mining.
National implementation.
Canada.
Health Canada is the regulatory body which approves drugs, and it has a division called "Marketed Health Products Directorate" (MHPD) which coordinates Canadian postmarketing surveillance.
European Union.
The guidance document "MEDDEV 2.12-1 rev 8" offers a comprehensive guidance on best practice for "medical device post-market surveillance" (materiovigilance). The concept of "post market surveillance" is linked to the concepts of "vigilance" and "market surveillance". A manufacturer of medical devices is required to report incidents (serious adverse events) to the national competent authority of the member state the company resides in. The Medical Device Regulation (EU) 2017/745 (MDR) provides in §2 the following definition of post-market surveillance:
‘post-market surveillance’ means all activities carried out by manufacturers in cooperation with other economic operators to institute and keep up to date a systematic procedure to proactively collect and review experience gained from devices they place on the market, make available on the market or put into service for the purpose of identifying any need to immediately apply any necessary corrective or preventive actions;
Further requirements on PMS are given in §83 of the MDR; §84 details PMS Plan requirements and references Section 1.1 of Annex III of the MDR; §85 details the PMS report, while §86 describes the contents of the Periodic Safety Update Report (PSUR).
Similar provisions on Post-Market Surveillance are found in the European regulation on in vitro diagnostic medical devices (IVDR).
The MDCG Guideline 2023-3 "Questions and Answers on vigilance terms and concepts as outlined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/745 on medical devices" provides further clarification on the topic.
United Kingdom.
The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) and the Commission on Human Medicines (CHM) jointly operate the Yellow Card Scheme, which was one of the first examples of a pharmacovigilance scheme, aimed at mitigating adverse drug reactions (ADRs).
United States.
Postmarketing surveillance is overseen by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which operates a system of passive surveillance called MedWatch, to which doctors or the general public can voluntarily report adverse reactions to drugs and medical devices. The FDA also conducts active surveillance of certain regulated products. For example, the FDA may monitor safety and effectiveness of medical devices through either a Post-Approval Study or through a 522 Postmarket Surveillance Study. With respect to regulation, two terms are defined: Postmarketing requirements are studies and clinical trials that sponsors are required to conduct and postmarketing commitments are studies or clinical trials that a sponsor has agreed to conduct, but that are not required by a statue or regulation.

</doc>
<doc id="7020461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020461" title="Main-à-Dieu">
Main-à-Dieu

Main-à-Dieu (population 242) is a community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in Cape Breton Regional Municipality. It is the most easterly community in Nova Scotia.
Main-à-Dieu has a rich history tied to both its French origins and its role in the region's maritime industry. It was originally settled by French fishermen in the 17th century, likely attracted by the abundance of fish in the area's waters. These early settlers engaged in the lucrative cod fishery, establishing a thriving fishing community.
During the French colonial period in Nova Scotia, Main-à-Dieu was part of the territory known as Acadia. However, after the British conquest of Acadia in the early 18th century, the region came under British control, leading to the expulsion of many Acadian residents.
It is a fishing village, the homeport for a large lobster fishing fleet, and each spring at the start of lobster fishing season, the local parish priest holds a blessing of the fleet service dockside to pray for the safety of fishermen.
It once had an elementary school, with classes from grades primary to six, but it and several others were combined in 2000 into Riverside Elementary School, and the building has housed the Coastal Discovery Centre since 2004.
The centre includes the Fisherman's Museum, The Big Wave Café and the local library, all of which had previously been housed elsewhere in the community.
Less than half a kilometre from the discovery centre is a sandy beach that stretches along the coast for more than a kilometre. A boardwalk was constructed along the beach in the mid-1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="7020463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020463" title="Gwneth Paltrow">
Gwneth Paltrow



</doc>
<doc id="7020465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020465" title="Robert II (France)">
Robert II (France)



</doc>
<doc id="7020467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020467" title="Rotation cipher">
Rotation cipher



</doc>
<doc id="7020468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020468" title="Ernst Schultz">
Ernst Schultz

Ernst Ludvig Emanuel Schultz (15 May 1879 – 20 June 1906) was a Danish sprinter who won a bronze medal in the 400 m event at the 1900 Summer Olympics.
In the 1898-99 athletics season, Schultz had set Danish records in the 200 metres and quarter-mile distances and in 1899 he won the 150 metre national title when running for the Københavns IF club. The following year, just after his 21st birthday, he traveled to Paris, France to participate in the 1900 Summer Olympics, Schultz was the youngest of the 13 man team from Denmark. He competed in one event the 400 metres, in the first round, although his time is unknown, he finished in second place behind American William Moloney, so qualified for the final the next day. Schultz and five Americans had qualified for the final, but the final was run on a Sunday, and due to religious reason three Americans refused to run, so running a time of 51.5 seconds Schultz came last of the three finalist and won the bronze medal behind Maxie Long and Bill Holland. Later in the year with two other young men they founded Hellerup IK, which Schultz was chairman for the first year.
Besides athletics Schultz also competed in rowing and association football, then on 20 June 1906, just one month and five days after his 27th birthday he drowned while trying to rescue his rowing partner 20 year old footballer Thorald Petersen Høyen when their boat capsized in the Roskilde Fjord.

</doc>
<doc id="7020473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020473" title="Robert II (Flanders)">
Robert II (Flanders)



</doc>
<doc id="7020479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020479" title="Six Saltine Challenge">
Six Saltine Challenge



</doc>
<doc id="7020481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020481" title="Hexagram (song)">
Hexagram (song)

"Hexagram" is a song by American alternative metal band Deftones. It was the second single released from their eponymous fourth studio album. The cover art for the single is a work titled "Bandaged Love" by artist Elliott Rae.
Music video.
The black-and-white music video for "Hexagram" showed excited fans entering a building to watch a live performance of the song. As such, the majority of the video focused on this performance, with small exceptions like a shirtless, incapacitated Chino Moreno lying on the floor during the moody bridge. Audio for the video was taken entirely from the studio recording until the very end, which featured live crowd noise.
In contrast to the single's minimal radio play, the "Hexagram" video earned significant rotation on the more underground-oriented "Headbangers Ball" and "Uranium" in late 2003.
Reception.
In reviewing "Deftones", Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic wrote that "Hexagram", the album's opener, "hits hard—harder than they ever have, revealing how mushy Staind is, or how toothless Linkin Park is". Betty Clarke of "The Guardian" negatively criticized Moreno's rough vocals on the song for its melancholic nature.
Cover versions.
In 2010, German metalcore band War from a Harlots Mouth recorded a cover of the song.

</doc>
<doc id="7020486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020486" title="Robert II (Burgundy)">
Robert II (Burgundy)



</doc>
<doc id="7020488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020488" title="Drvenik, Split-Dalmatia County">
Drvenik, Split-Dalmatia County

Drvenik is a village in southern Dalmatia, Croatia, in Gradac municipality, located between Makarska and Ploče. Drvenik lies in two bays (Gornja vala and Donja vala) surrounded by the mountain range Biokovo.
Drvenik has a ferry port with multiple arrivals and departures per day. 
Industries.
The main industry is tourism. Other industries include fishing and agriculture, especially goats and olives.

</doc>
<doc id="7020489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020489" title="Terrance, Bill and Fosse">
Terrance, Bill and Fosse



</doc>
<doc id="7020490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020490" title="Trophée Des Champions">
Trophée Des Champions



</doc>
<doc id="7020494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020494" title="The Messenger Movie">
The Messenger Movie



</doc>
<doc id="7020495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020495" title="WXBB">
WXBB

WXBB (94.7 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station in Erie, Pennsylvania. It is branded as "94.7 Bob FM" and carries an adult hits format as of January 5, 2007. The station is owned by iHeartMedia. WXBB's studios are located in the Boston Store building in downtown Erie while its transmitter is located near Peach Street and Sesame Street south of I-90.
History.
The "94.7 Bob FM" branding replaced WFGO "Froggy 94.7" on January 5, 2007. Froggy 94.7 was an oldies station, and one of the Froggy stations that neither carried country music nor used fictitious frog-themed names for its disc jockeys. Longtime Erie personality "Captain" Dan Geary was a fixture on the Froggy format.
The present-day WXBB call sign was previously assigned to what is now WSAK/WSHK in Hampton New Hampshire.
WXBB can also be heard in Ashtabula, Ohio, and surrounding areas.
The station airs the syndicated "Valentine In The Morning" from KBIG in Los Angeles via iHeartMedia's Premium Choice network.
On March 27, 2019, Connoisseur Media announced that it would transfer WXBB along with its sister stations to iHeartMedia in exchange for WFRE and WFMD in the Frederick, Maryland market from the Aloha Station Trust. The sale closed on May 20, 2019.
Although the station still uses the longtime slogan "we play anything," it's playlist has been drastically shortened after being purchased by iHeartMedia. It now consists mostly of 1980s pop hits in heavy rotation, with the occasional song from other eras, bordering more on a classic hits format than had originally been intended.

</doc>
<doc id="7020499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020499" title="Tradescantia virginica">
Tradescantia virginica



</doc>
<doc id="7020511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020511" title="Liam Fitzpatrick (Suite Life of Zack &amp; Cody)">
Liam Fitzpatrick (Suite Life of Zack &amp; Cody)



</doc>
<doc id="7020513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020513" title="Jimmy Tamandi">
Jimmy Tamandi

Jimmy McCoy Tamandi (born 12 May 1980) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a defender. He represented Malmö FF, AIK, Potenza, Lyn and GAIS during a career that spanned between 1999 and 2013. He won one cap for the Sweden national team in 2001.
Club career.
He started his career at Nydala IF before moving to Malmö FF in 1992. He made his professional debut in 1999 when Malmö were relegated. He stayed with the team through promotion in 2000 and then also in the 2001 comeback campaign. In 2002, he switched to AIK where he has had mixed successes. In 2004, he was part of the team that were relegated. Tamandi had at this point already signed for Italian side Salernitana to where he moved in January 2005.
However, Salernitana had changed their management with the management that had signed Tamandi now gone. He was therefore forced out of the club and made play for Serie C side Potenza. In the summer of 2005 Tamandi returned to AIK and was a major part in the club's successful campaign for promotion back to the Allsvenskan. In 2007 he went for free to the Norwegian club Lyn. There he spent two years before the club went bankrupt. He then signed for GAIS and played there for three seasons and finished his professional football career.
International career.
Having represented the Sweden U17, U19, and U21 teams, Tamandi made his full international debut for the Sweden national team on 31 January 2001 in a friendly 0–0 draw with the Faroe Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="7020515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020515" title="Franciscan Montessori Earth School/St. Francis Academy">
Franciscan Montessori Earth School/St. Francis Academy



</doc>
<doc id="7020516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020516" title="I'll Walk Alone">
I'll Walk Alone

"I'll Walk Alone" is a 1944 popular song with music by Jule Styne and lyrics by Sammy Cahn. The song was written for the 1944 musical film "Follow the Boys", in which it was sung by Dinah Shore, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song but lost to “Swinging on a Star”. Shore recorded the song in March as a single, which became her first #1 hit on the "Billboard" charts.
"I'll Walk Alone" was released in May 1944 on Victor 20-1586, and first appeared in 'The Billboard' on June 3, 1944. Competing versions were released by Martha Tilton, Mary Martin, Louis Prima, and others. It finally reached the top ten of the Best Selling and "Most Played Juke Box Records" charts in August 1944. Despite charting with Bing Crosby's "Swinging On A Star", "I'll Walk Alone" remained in the top ten of the Best Selling Records chart for twenty consecutive weeks, with four of those as the number one song in the nation. It also reached number one on the Juke Box chart, finally exiting in January 1945 after 26 weeks. It was rated the number six record of 1944, Shore's biggest career hit until she topped herself in 1948 with "Buttons and Bows."
Lyrics.
Like other songs that came out during the World War II years such as "Till Then," it reflects the enforced separation of couples caused by the war. While "Till Then" is written from the point of view of the soldier wanting his lover to wait for him, "I'll Walk Alone" is written from the point of view of the stay-at-home lover, promising to be true.

</doc>
<doc id="7020524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020524" title="Freyja (disambiguation)">
Freyja (disambiguation)

Freyja is a goddess in Norse mythology.
Freyja may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7020525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020525" title="Emmanuel Christopher Loblack (E.C. Loblack)">
Emmanuel Christopher Loblack (E.C. Loblack)



</doc>
<doc id="7020527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020527" title="FMES/SFA">
FMES/SFA



</doc>
<doc id="7020529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020529" title="Dhows">
Dhows



</doc>
<doc id="7020530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020530" title="Guard Post Number One">
Guard Post Number One



</doc>
<doc id="7020531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020531" title="2002 Appalachian School of Law shooting">
2002 Appalachian School of Law shooting

On January 16, 2002, a school shooting occurred at the Appalachian School of Law, an American Bar Association accredited private law school in Grundy, Virginia, United States. Three people were killed, and three others were wounded when a former student, 43-year-old Nigerian immigrant Peter Odighizuwa, opened fire in the school with a handgun.
Shooting.
On January 16, 2002, 43-year-old Nigerian former student Peter Odighizuwa arrived on the Appalachian School of Law campus with a handgun. Odighizuwa first discussed his academic problems with professor Dale Rubin, where he reportedly told Rubin to pray for him. Odighizuwa returned to the school around 1 p.m. and proceeded to the offices of Dean Anthony Sutin and Professor Thomas Blackwell, where he opened fire with a .380 ACP semi-automatic handgun, killing both men by shooting them in the head. According to a county coroner, powder burns indicated that both victims were shot at point blank range. Also killed was student Angela Dales. Three students were wounded.
When Odighizuwa left the building where the shooting took place, he was approached by two students with personal firearms and one unarmed student. There are two versions of the events that transpired at that moment, one by Tracy Bridges and one by Ted Besen.
According to Bridges, at the first sound of gunfire, he and fellow student Mikael Gross, unbeknownst to each other, ran to their vehicles to retrieve their personally-owned firearms placed in their glove compartments. Mikael Gross, a police officer from Grifton, North Carolina retrieved a 9 mm pistol and body armor. Bridges, a county sheriff's deputy from Asheville, North Carolina retrieved his .357 Magnum pistol from beneath the driver's seat of his Chevrolet Tahoe. Bridges and Gross approached Odighizuwa from different angles, with Bridges yelling at Odighizuwa to drop his gun. Odighizuwa then dropped his firearm and was subdued by several other unarmed students, including Ted Besen, Daniel Boyd, and Todd Ross.
According to Besen, before Odighizuwa saw Bridges and Gross with their weapons, Odighizuwa set down his gun and raised his arms like he was mocking people. Besen, a Marine veteran and former police officer in Wilmington, North Carolina, engaged in a physical confrontation with Odighizuwa, and knocked him to the ground. Bridges and Gross then arrived with their guns once Odighizuwa was tackled. Additional witnesses at the scene stated they did not see Bridges or Gross with their guns at the time Besen started subduing Odighizuwa. Once Odighizuwa was securely held down, Gross went back to his vehicle and retrieved handcuffs to detain Odighizuwa until police could arrive.
Police reports later noted that two empty eight round magazines designed for Odighizuwa's handgun were recovered. Most sources (including those quoting Virginia State Police spokesman Mike Stater) state that when Odighizuwa dropped the gun the magazine was empty. A report by another witness's hometown newspaper, a month after the shooting, suggested that the gun still held three cartridges.
Perpetrator.
Initially in 2002, Odighizuwa was found to be incompetent to stand trial and was referred for psychiatric treatment. After three years of treatment and monitoring, in 2005, Odighizuwa was found mentally competent and pleaded guilty to the murders to avoid the death penalty. Odighizuwa received six life sentences and an additional 28 years without the possibility of parole. He is currently serving his sentence at Red Onion State Prison.
Odighizuwa's son Owa would go on to play in the NFL as a 3rd round pick in the 2015 NFL draft. His other son, Osa, was also drafted in the 3rd round, being picked in the 2021 NFL draft by the Dallas Cowboys.
Memorials.
After the shooting, students at the law school planted trees in memory of Sutin, Blackwell, and Dales on the school's front lawn. The school's student services office and scholarship program were named for Dales, along with County Highway 624 in Buchanan County, Virginia. Faculty fellowships at the school were named for Sutin and Blackwell. The school's Phi Alpha Delta chapter is named for Sutin while the Phi Delta Phi chapter is named for Blackwell.
The Legal Writing Institute and the Association of Legal Writing Directors created the Thomas Blackwell Memorial Award that is presented annually to a person who has made an outstanding contribution to improve the field of legal writing by demonstrating: (1) an ability to nurture and motivate students to excellence; (2) a willingness to help other legal writing educators improve their teaching skills or their legal writing programs; and (3) an ability to create and integrate new ideas for teaching and motivating legal writing educators and students.

</doc>
<doc id="7020532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020532" title="Kusiro Subprefecture">
Kusiro Subprefecture



</doc>
<doc id="7020533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020533" title="Batiki">
Batiki

Batiki (, also known as Mbatiki in English) is an island of Fiji belonging to the Lomaiviti Archipelago. The island is of volcanic origin, with a land area of about 12 square kilometers. To the north-east is Wakaya Island, to the east is Nairai, and to the south-east is Gau.
Batiki's population of approximately 300 Fijians lives in coastal villages. The economic activity of the island consists of farming and fishing.
There are four villages on the island: Manuku, Mua, Naigani, and Yavu. Mua village is home to the residence of the chief, island pastor, the health clinic center, a single flat-primary school building with a boarding facility and playground.
Geography.
The presence of nests of the critically endangered hawksbill sea turtle has been recorded on the island.
History.
The island was devastated by Cyclone Winston in 2016, with Naigani village being affected the most. The high chief of Batiki since January 2012, "Torau Ni Bau" Ratu Inoke Tuidelaibatiki Virivirilau, died on 4 February 2017.
Demographics.
Batiki had a population of 324 people as of the 1966 census, and 483 as of the 2007 census.
Economy.
The main source of income is from copra, pandanus (), small-scale farming, and fishing, with fish being sold to the markets in Suva. There is a sea cucumber fishery, which mainly involves male youths. By 1987 a commercial seaweed farm was established on Batiki. As of 2009 there were 42 farms on Batiki, with a total area of 13 hectares.
Another important source of income for the locals is the Bula Batiki coconut oil firm, whose products are made from the island's bountiful coconut palms. This business was started in 2015 by a British man named Callum Drummond, known as Kelevi by the islanders, when he won a grant from Cardiff University for the project. The two other co-founders are Ellis Williams and Tim McKee. In 2020 a coconut oil processing plant designed by CAUKIN Studio was built at Yavu village.
Infrastructure.
There is a primary school on the island, Manuku District School, with 71 students as of 2016 and 4 teachers. There is also a nursing station at Mua village staffed by a registered nurse. Critical cases are referred either to Qarani Health Centre or Levuka Hospital. The nursing station opening hours are from 8:00 am to 4:30 pm on a daily basis, but it is also on standby after hours in case of emergencies.
The island has no airport or roads, so most transport is by local cargo vessels, small fibreglass boats, or via a shipping franchise that services the Lomaiviti archipelago on a monthly basis.

</doc>
<doc id="7020544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020544" title="1988 Labour Party leadership election (UK)">
1988 Labour Party leadership election (UK)

The 1988 Labour Party leadership election saw Tony Benn, identified with the left wing of the British Labour Party, challenge the incumbent leader Neil Kinnock identified with the more moderate social democratic wing.
Kinnock won the election with 89% of the vote and remained Leader until 1992, when he resigned the leadership following Labour's defeat in the 1992 general election.
The election took place at Labour Party conference, with affiliated trade unions holding 40% of the votes, delegates from Constituency Labour Parties holding 30% of the votes, and the Parliamentary Labour Party holding the final 30% of the votes.
Background.
Neil Kinnock became leader of the Labour Party in 1983 following the resignation of Michael Foot. The party had been moving towards the left, something that Kinnock sought to change. At the 1987 general election, Kinnock was placed front and centre of the Labour campaign, leading to claims that it was almost presidential. Margaret Thatcher's Conservative Party, seven points ahead in the polls, won the election despite a 1.2% swing to Labour.
Rumours were spreading early in 1988 that Tony Benn was planning a leadership challenge against Kinnock. The 63-year-old Benn had lost his seat in Labour's disastrous performance at the 1983 general election, only to return to parliament within a year after winning the Chesterfield by-election. During the 1960s and 1970s he had been a cabinet minister in the governments of Harold Wilson and James Callaghan. In 1981, with Labour in opposition and reeling from the centrist split from the party which led to the creation of the SDP, he had narrowly failed to defeat Denis Healey for the deputy leadership of the party.
The deputy leadership was also expected to be challenged, as John Prescott, having been made Shadow Secretary of State for Energy, was dissatisfied with his shadow cabinet position and spoke of challenging the incumbent Roy Hattersley. Kinnock responded to the rumours regarding Benn's challenge, calling his supporters "self-enthroned revolutionaries" and a potential challenge a "ridiculous diversion".
Candidates.
Benn and Kinnock were the only two candidates in the election. Benn's supporters had hoped that by launching the leadership challenge that others would step forward and increase the number of candidates involved. They specifically wanted John Smith, the Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer to challenge Kinnock as well. At the same time as the leadership challenge, the deputy leadership was also contested by the incumbent Roy Hattersley, John Prescott and Eric Heffer, part of the same left-wing ticket as Benn.
Campaign.
The campaign lasted for eight months in the run up to the Labour Party conference in October 1988. Benn opened his campaign on 3 February, calling it a "campaign for socialism" and saying "I genuinely do not believe the Labour Party is electable if we pursue the present course." His supporters launched their own manifesto, "Aims and Objectives of the Labour Party". But there was not full support on the left of the party, with David Blunkett saying that the result of a challenge would certainly be defeat for any candidate, and would give Kinnock an air of "omnipotence" with victory. Following the launch of a manifesto by Kinnock and Hattersley, which was opposed by Benn, Ken Livingstone and Dennis Skinner, Benn made his official challenge for the Labour leadership. Kinnock called the challenge "futile and selfish".
Following the announcement of the challenge, there was some dissent from parts of the left within the party with Clare Short describing it as a "waste of time". Benn's candidacy led to a split in the left-wing Socialist Campaign Group, with Short resigning from the group alongside Margaret Beckett, Jo Richardson, Joan Ruddock and Joan Walley in protest at Benn's decision. The Amalgamated Engineering Union announced that it would deduct the cost of polling its members from the overall donations that would normally go to the party. Overall, it was expected that the cost of the leadership contest for the party would be in the region of £500,000. Kinnock announced that only 15 MPs had backed the challenge, a claim which was disputed by Benn's backers. There was also a fear that the leadership challenge would decrease the party's following in the polls, as had happened during Benn's challenge for the deputy leadership in 1981.
Kinnock urged Benn to give up the contest at the start of April, which was rejected. Kinnock began to gather the support of the unions, with the National Union of Mineworkers supporting him instead of Benn, resulting in the press calling his challenge a "lost cause". Kinnock and Benn also had opposing views on defence, specifically a nuclear deterrent. In May, Kinnock postponed any decision for a year, which Benn called a "backwards step" and Dennis Skinner described as "probably the biggest socialist sell-out of the century".
In an attempt to take the party back to socialism, Benn threatened that defeat would not be the end, and he would see that a challenge would come on a yearly basis, even it was not by himself. Kinnock's supporters were concerned at the destabilising effect this would cause for the party. During the latter stages of the campaign, Benn and Heffer were prepared for defeat. While at a rally on the day before the vote, Benn said "I do not want anyone to think that tomorrow is the end. It is the beginning. It is twice as good as we thought it might be. We are changing the agenda of British politics."
Result.
The ballot took place on 2 October 1988, at the opening session of the Labour Party annual conference in Blackpool. Affiliated organisations had 40% of the vote, while Constituency Labour Parties and the Parliamentary Labour Party had 30% each in the electoral college.
Aftermath.
Kinnock's supporters were surprised by the size of their victory over Benn and the left of the party, although they expected a further leadership challenge in the following year. Based on the percentages, 183 Members of Parliament supported Kinnock, while Benn was backed by 38. With a clear majority, Kinnock remained leader of the Labour Party. In the deputy leadership election, the incumbent deputy, Roy Hattersley, was victorious. In a television interview on the night of the victory, Kinnock said it was "a very positive vote for unity and for change", as he intended to use the vote as a mandate for policy changes he sought to bring in.
Kinnock and Hattersley remained as leader and deputy leader respectively through the 1992 general election. After Labour was defeated in the polls, Kinnock announced his resignation on 13 April 1992, and Hattersley followed shortly afterwards. Kinnock blamed the defeat on pro-Conservative media, but both remained in post until July when their replacements were chosen. John Smith was overwhelmingly elected as Kinnock's successor, and led the party until his death in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="7020545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020545" title="Sasquatch Festival">
Sasquatch Festival



</doc>
<doc id="7020548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020548" title="John Cregan (athlete)">
John Cregan (athlete)

John Francis Cregan (January 29, 1878 – December 26, 1965) was an early twentieth century American athlete who specialised in the 800 metres. 
Biography.
Creagn born in Schenectady, New York, attended Princeton University. He finished second in the 880 yards at the British 1900 AAA Championships.
Creagn participated in Athletics at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris and won the silver medal in the men's 800 metres event. He died in Philadelphia. 

</doc>
<doc id="7020564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020564" title="Switzerland national cricket team">
Switzerland national cricket team

The Switzerland national cricket team represents the country of Switzerland in international cricket.
History.
Cricket has been played in Switzerland since at least 1817.
The association (renamed to Cricket Switzerland in 2014), became an affiliate member of the International Cricket Council in 1985. They hosted the first tournament for European affiliate members in Zuoz in 1997, the European Nations Cup, where they came fifth in the seven team tournament. They then played in the successor tournament, the European Cricket Council Trophy in 1999, 2001 and 2003, their best result coming in 1999 when they reached the semi-finals. They then played in the European Representative Championship in Slovenia in 2004, where they came third in the six team tournament.
They played in Division Four of the European Championship in 2009 having been promoted from Division Five, playing Austria, Cyprus, Finland, Luxembourg and Slovenia.
Switzerland was ranked to participate in ICC European Division II, Belgium 2011, but internal differences meant Switzerland were forced to withdraw from the tournament and hence was demoted to Division III.
These internal differences resulted from two rival governing bodies attempting to govern cricket in Switzerland, and this along with various breaches of membership regulations of the International Cricket Council led to Switzerland being expelled from the council.
With these governance issues resolved, an application to rejoin the ICC was submitted in October 2020. Switzerland were granted associate ICC Membership on 23 July 2021.
There are currently more than 30 clubs playing in Switzerland.
Records and statistics.
International Match Summary — Switzerland
"Last updated 3 August 2025"
Twenty20 International.
T20I record versus other nations
"Records complete to T20I #3290. Last updated 3 August 2025."

</doc>
<doc id="7020565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020565" title="Mahora Academy">
Mahora Academy



</doc>
<doc id="7020566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020566" title="PAD protests against Thaksin Shinawatra">
PAD protests against Thaksin Shinawatra



</doc>
<doc id="7020567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020567" title="Sydney Lanier">
Sydney Lanier



</doc>
<doc id="7020569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020569" title="Minerva (song)">
Minerva (song)

"Minerva" is a song by American alternative metal band Deftones. It was released in 2003 as the lead single from their self-titled fourth studio album. The song charted at No. 9 on "Billboard's" Modern Rock Tracks chart, No. 16 on the Mainstream Rock chart and No. 15 on the UK Singles Chart.
Musical style.
Despite the album as a whole containing some of the band's heaviest work to date, "Minerva" itself has an uplifting alternative metal sound and has also been described as shoegaze.
Music video.
The music video for "Minerva," directed by Paul Fedor, is notable for its similarity to Pink Floyd's "" concert film. The band is featured playing the song in a desert-like landscape backed by various amplifiers and other stage equipment. It was filmed near the Salton Sea in southern California in 2003, during a sandstorm. The filming process itself was fraught with problems, as the sand caused problems with the recording equipment and lighting setup. The shoot eventually took 22 hours to complete, with Abe Cunningham saying that "[the shoot] sucked" and Chi Cheng calling it "terrible", but conceding that "it [is] a trippy video. I actually like it a lot".
Reception.
In 2016, "Consequence of Sound" placed "Minerva" at No. 12 in its article "The Top 20 Deftones Songs", with Jon Hadusek claiming that "[in] a way, Deftones brought shoegaze to the alternative metal mainstream with 'Minerva', a crushingly heavy, textured jam indebted to "Siamese Dream"-era Smashing Pumpkins and Hum [...]".
Appearances in other media.
"Minerva" appeared on the soundtrack for the 2005 remake of "House of Wax".

</doc>
<doc id="7020576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020576" title="Amazon Kevin / Grub Drive">
Amazon Kevin / Grub Drive



</doc>
<doc id="7020578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020578" title="Frondizi">
Frondizi



</doc>
<doc id="7020584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020584" title="Qanún">
Qanún



</doc>
<doc id="7020587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020587" title="Joao Gilberto (1973 album)">
Joao Gilberto (1973 album)



</doc>
<doc id="7020590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020590" title="WQHZ">
WQHZ

WQHZ (102.3 FM) is classic rock formatted broadcast radio station in Erie, Pennsylvania owned by Cumulus Media. WQHZ's studios are located at 471 Robison Road in Summit Township while its transmitter is located at Peach St and Sesame Street in Summit Township, Pennsylvania
Notable weekday programming includes "The Bob and Tom Show" in mornings, Mike Sheffield in middays, and "Steve Gorman Rocks" at night.
History of the 102.3 frequency.
Several stations and formats have called 102.3 FM home in Erie over the years. In the 1970s, progressive rock ruled the airwaves and 102.3 was known as WMDI-FM until 1980. Former WJET DJ Ron Seggi (Ronnie Gee) bought the station and "HitRadio Red Hot FM 102" WSEG was born. They played a mix of adult contemporary and current and classic rock.
WSEG remained on the air until 1986, when longtime Erie AM radio station WJET took over the station. The first song played under the "Jet-FM 102" moniker was Bruce Springsteen's "Born in the USA", which was played back on a cart machine plugged directly in the transmitter while the crossover of lines from the two stations took place. At the time, the station's transmitter was on one of WQLN's towers. "JET-FM 102", as they were known for several years, changed formats a few times throughout the years. Formats ranged from Top 40/CHR to adult contemporary to album rock and back to Top 40/CHR. During the Top 40 years, WJET-FM, which was slightly rebranded as "JET-102" for a time, competed against WRTS.
On April 1, 1999, the station became 102.3 The Point, playing alternative rock. In 2001, Regent Communications bought the station. On October 23, at 1:02 p.m., WQHZ ("Z102") was born playing "Erie'z Clazzic Hitz." The first song played under the new format was "Start Me Up" by The Rolling Stones. In 2002, WQHZ shifted to classic rock and rebranded as "Z102.3." WQHZ's main competitor is WRKT.

</doc>
<doc id="7020592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020592" title="Ryouichi Tanaka">
Ryouichi Tanaka



</doc>
<doc id="7020594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020594" title="Penn (Buffyverse)">
Penn (Buffyverse)



</doc>
<doc id="7020599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020599" title="Red Treadway">
Red Treadway

Thadford Leon "Red" Treadway (April 28, 1920 – May 26, 1994) was an American professional baseball player. He played two seasons in Major League Baseball in 1944-45 for the New York Giants, primarily as an outfielder. He also had an extensive career in minor league baseball, playing sixteen seasons overall from 1941-56. A native of Athlone, North Carolina, he stood and weighed 175 lbs.
Treadway is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on July 25, 1944 in an against the Pittsburgh Pirates at the Polo Grounds. He hit for a high average (.300) during his first season with New York, but did not hit well with men in scoring position. In 170 at bats he had only 5 runs batted in, a dismal average of one for every 34 at bats. Then, in 1945, Treadway hit only .241 in 224 at bats but had 23 RBI, an average of one for every 9.7 at bats.
Treadway's career major league totals include 138 games played, a .266 batting average (105-for-394), 4 home runs, 28 runs batted in, 54 runs scored, and an on-base percentage of .323. He was a below average defensive outfielder, making 11 errors in 211 total chances for a fielding percentage of .948.
Treadway died at the age of 74 in Atlanta.

</doc>
<doc id="7020601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020601" title="Borislav Stoychev">
Borislav Stoychev

Borislav Stoychev (; born 26 November 1986) is a former Bulgarian professional footballer.
Career.
Borislav Stoychev has over 200 official games in First Professional Football League (Bulgaria), Super League Greece and Cypriot First Division.
Early career.
Born in Haskovo, Stoychev grew up in Haskovo and played for PFC Haskovo at the age of 16. In 2005, he was chosen as an athlete of the year. In 2006, Stoychev signed a three-year contract for Levski Sofia in an undisclosed fee deal.
PFC Levski Sofia 2005-2007.
He was bought by PFC Levski Sofia in January 2006. In this period Stoychev was a Bulgaria national under-21 football team player. His debut for PFC Levski Sofia was on 12 March 2006, as a substitute against Marek, replacing Lúcio Wagner in the 75th minute.
Stoychev won two First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) titles, a Bulgarian Cup and the Bulgarian Supercup for PFC Levski Sofia.
December 2006 Spanish newspaper Marca (newspaper) publishes an article about Stoychev being listed for Real Madrid CF. According to Marca (newspaper) the 20th year old Borislav Stoychev was the best central defender in Bulgaria and he was dominating in the air game.
FC Minyor Pernik.
After short period in FC Lyubimets Borislav Stoychev is bought by FC Minyor Pernik. There he has two very good years. His performance is on the highest level and Stoychev gets noticed by one of the best Bulgarian football coaches Petar Hubchev.
PFC Beroe Stara Zagora.
November 2012 Stoychev signed for PFC Beroe Stara Zagora a three-year contract. He helped PFC Beroe Stara Zagora to win Bulgarian Cup and Bulgarian Supercup. He scored one of the decisive penalties in the Cup final against PFC Levski Sofia.
PFC Levski Sofia 2014/2015.
In 2014, after two very good years in PFC Beroe Stara Zagora, few of the leading football teams in Bulgaria are interested in Borislav Stoychev. But he chooses the proposal of PFC Levski Sofia. So he is bought by PFC Levski Sofia for second time in his career. Stoychev signes a two-year contract and during his second time in PFC Levski Sofia he plays all the championship games in the first eleven and he helps PFC Levski Sofia to reach the final for Bulgarian Cup. During this period he is called by the Bulgaria national football team for the qualification games against Malta and Italy, and two friendly games against Romania and Turkey.
Atromitos F.C..
In 2015, Atromitos F.C. attracts Borislav Stoychev to sign on a two-year contract.
Ethnikos Achna FC.
In 2016, Stoychev continues his career in Cypriot First Division. There he had two very good years and he resigned the contract with them. On 23 January 2017 in a game against Doxa Katokopias FC Stoychev scored his first goal for Ethnikos Achna FC, which helped for their success. He also scored a goal for his team Ethnikos Achna FC later again against Doxa Katokopias FC.
International career.
He was called up to the Bulgaria squad by Ivaylo Petev for the UEFA Euro 2016 qualifications against Italy in March 2015 and against Malta in June 2015.
Career statistics.
Club

</doc>
<doc id="7020602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020602" title="Tiziano Sclavi">
Tiziano Sclavi

Tiziano Sclavi (born 3 April 1953) is an Italian comic book author, journalist and writer of several novels. Sclavi is most famous as creator of the comic book "Dylan Dog" in 1986, for Italian publishing house Sergio Bonelli Editore. More than 300 issues have appeared in the series, which has sold millions of copies. It has been in collaboration with several artists, including Claudio Villa, Corrado Roi, Gustavo Trigo, Carlo Ambrosini, Luigi Piccatto, Angelo Stano, Mike Mignola, Andrea Venturi, Giampiero Casertano and Bruno Brindisi.
Biography.
Tiziano Sclavi was born in Broni (Pavia) on 3 April 1953, his mother was a teacher and his father was a communal secretary. He had lived his childhood and first youth in the Province of Pavia, mainly in Stradella, Canneto Pavese and Certosa di Pavia. Due to the job of the father, Sclavi had moved from a town to another:
Sclavi has been a passionate reader since childhood: he claims he read the entire production of Edgar Allan Poe when he was between six and seven years old, and he has liked scary stories since his childhood, developing a passion of horror and science fiction films.
He started to write when he was still too young pushed by the desire to imitate what he enjoyed. He declared:
At middle school, he won a writing competition with a series entitled "Storie Storte" ("Crooked Stories"). Then, he attended the liceo classico of Pavia, when he published a story entitled "Lettere bianche" ("White Letters") on a school journal with the help of his Italian literature professor who believed into the ability and creativity of Sclavi.
Seventies.
After high school, Sclavi attended university at the faculty of modern literature, but dropped out after a few exams. Later, he had moved to Milan.
In 1971, thanks to the interest of Grazia Nidasio who presented him to Mino Milani, Sclavi began to collaborate with the "Messaggero dei Ragazzi", where he wrote articles and stories often under the pseudonym "Francesco Argento", in honour to Francesco Guccini and Dario Argento, who both would be his colleagues at "Corriere dei Piccoli".
In 1972, Sclavi met Raffaele Crovi, who would be initially his literary agent and then editor of his novels and stories. In 1973, Sclavi issued a series of crime stories on "Il Corriere dei Ragazzi" under the pseudonym of Francesco Argento. The stories he wrote for "Corriere dei Piccoli" were collected in the volume "I misteri di Mystère" ("Mystère's Mysteries") by Editore Bietti in 1974 (then published by Arnoldo Mondadori Editore). These stories are focused on the character of Jacques Mystère, whose name inspired the creation of Martin Mystère by Alfredo Castelli in 1982.
In 1974, Sclavi published his first short novel, "Film", where he tries to unite the horror splatter and the grotesque. It was issued by "Il Formichiere" and it won the 1974 Scanno Prize for storytelling. However, Film seems to be a work "which can not be easily collocated in a genre or a novel movement, and it is even [...] difficult to limit it in the category itself of the novel". In the same year, he joined the redaction of "Corriere dei Ragazzi" as editor of the column "Sottosopra" and here he met Alfredo Castelli, with whom he collaborated as Ghost Writer for the comic series "Gli Aristocratici" ("The Aristocrats"), writing the screenplay of some episodes and later creating his own characters like Altai &amp; Jonson drawn by Giorgio Cavazzano. In the preface of the 2001 new edition of the first series of Sclavi, Castelli writes:
At the same time, he worked at the national broadcaster RAI thanks to the mediation of Crovi and, together with Bianca Pitzorno, he wrote texts of the show "Gioco-città". He collaborated with other newspapers belonging to the "Corriere della sera" group and with the journal "Amica" (where he edited a humour column) and with "Salve" (where he wrote as film critic).
As Francesco Argento, Sclavi published in 1975 a crime novel entitled "Un sogno di sangue" ("A dream of blood"). During the same period, he wrote also "Tre" ("Three") and "Mostri" ("Monsters"), published ten years later despite Natalia Ginzburg had already noticed him to the Giulio Einaudi Editore.
In 1976, he began his professional career as journalist.
When "Corriere dei Ragazzi" was closed in 1977, Sclavi began to collaborate with "Il Corriere dei Piccoli", writing comic series like "Allister", "Miki", "Fantòm" alongside "Sam Peck", "Johnny Bassotto" ("Dachshund Johnny"), "Il Cavallino Michele" ("Michele the Little Horse"), "La guerra nell'aria" ("The War in the Air") and "Le pagine della Befana" ("Befana's pages"). He published on "Messaggero dei Ragazzi" the western series "Silas Finn", drawn by Cavazzano, which would be later issued also in West Germany; he published "Devoluzione" ("De-evolution") for "Alter" and he wrote "Steve Vandam" for the RAI programme "SuperGulp!". In 1978, Sclavi published the first version of "Apocalisse", formerly entitled "Guerre terrestri" ("Terrestrial Wars"), issued by Rusconi.
Eighties.
When "Corriere della Sera" was acquired by Rizzoli Editore, Sclavi proposed himself to Bonelli as editor and he was hired in 1981 as proofreader and writer of series like "Zagor", "Mister No" and "Ken Parker", creating also his own characters. Among his first works, he had written screenplays for "Ken Parker" (the issue #35 "Il sentiero dei giganti" and #41 "Alcune signore di piccola virtù", both based on scripts by Giancarlo Berardi) and then Sclavi had replaced Guido Nolitta for "Zagor". The positive response of first issues of Sclavi convinced the publishing house to give him the role of screenwriter for the important issue #200 of the series, becoming then its editor and writing its stories until 1988. Sclavi returned to write for "Zagor" on the 1990 special spin-off dedicated to Cico, the Mexican sidekick of Zagor, entitled "Horror Cico". Since 1982, he had written also screenplays for "Mister No", with a little contamination of the horror genre.
In 1984 Bonelli proposed to him the direction of Bonelli-Dargaud (a joint-venutre between Bonelli and the French publisher Dargaud). Together with Federico Maggioni as Art Director, he directs the Italian edition of the French comic magazine "Pilote" for Bonelli-Dargaud, intended to be published alongside the adult oriented and prestigious "Orient Express", acquired by Bonelli in 1984 The Italian "Pilot" offered both authorial and traditional comics from Italian and French authors, but it was closed together with "Orient Express" in 1985 with the issue #15. Following these flops, Bonelli decided to return to work on traditional comics.
Creating Dylan Dog.
The first character created by Sclavi in Bonelli was Kerry Scott of the 1983 series "Kerry il trapper" ("Kerry the trapper"), a western comic series with horror influences published as appendix to "Comandante Mark" ("Commander Mark") until 1985. According to some critics, Kerry represented a former test for the further creation of Dylan Dog because Sclavi experimented and tried to insert elements taken from the horror genre. 
Initially, the story of Dylan Dog was placed in America and inspired to the hard boiled genre, where Dylan was a lonely detective, without a sidekick. It was later propose to place the story in London after a discussion with Bonelli, because in New York there was Martin Mystère already and England seemed to be more ideal for horror due to its ancient traditions. Meanwhile, the figure of Groucho was included in order to avoid a series more focused on investigations. The creation of the character began a year before when Sergio Bonelli, owner of the publishing house, and Decio Canzio, general director, preferred to return to work on traditional comics and eventually to create new ones. Sclavi proposed a horror series, temporarily called "Dylan Dog". The protagonist was graphically realized by Claudio Villa who drew him with the appearance of English actor Rupert Everett. Sclavi tells: 
The series debuted in October 1986 and Decio Canzio, editor in chief of the series at the time, remembers that:
After a few years, "Dylan Dog" became a best seller: the first "Horror Fest" convention of horror cinema was organized in 1987 in honour to the success of "Dylan Dog", and in 1990 Sclavi won the Yellow Kid prize as best author. In 1990, Sclavi published on "Comic Art" a collection of three short stories in colour about Dylan Dog ("L'inquilino del terzo piano", "L'appartamento n.13" and "L'incubo è finito"), drawn by Corrado Roi, and published a year later in the volume "Gli Inquilini Arcani." In 1991, the issue #69 sold more than "Tex", school diaries were made and the first "Horror Fest" convention was organized. The novel "Dellamorte Dellamore" had a wide success and in 1994 Michele Soavi directed a film based on it (distributed in the US with the title "Cemetery Man") starring Rupert Everett, the actor who inspired the somatic traits of Dylan Dog.
Meanwhile, Sclavi crossed a creative and personal crisis which took him away from the character. The signature of Sclavi appeared less and less until it disappears after the issue #100, "La storia di Dylan Dog" ("The History of Dylan Dog"), where Sclavi tried to end the storyline of "Xabaras". From this point, stories signed by Sclavi had lost their splatter feature of the first issues and they began to focus more on the surreal and grotesque, with incursions in social and science-fiction themes.
During the eighties and nineties, aside his main activity for Bonelli, he collaborated with other publishing houses: between 1982 and 1984, he wrote "Agente Allen" ("Agent Allen") and "Vita da cani" ("A Dog's Life") for "Il Giornalino", and, from 1987 to 1991, Sclavi published on "Comic Art" three stories of the "Roy Mann" series drawn by Attilio Micheluzzi and in which he tells the adventures of a comic screenwriter who, due to the explosion of a coffee-pot, is catapulted in a parallel universe. Some characteristics similar to those of Dylan Dog and in some novels of Sclavi can be found in Roy Mann, but with more influences of humour, fantasy and paradoxical elements.
Nineties.
In 1993 the book "Nel buio" ("In the darkness") was published a collection of ballads in the style of Francesco Guccini, Fabrizio De André and Claudio Lolli: these are not poems as evidenced by Slcavi himself, but compositions born to be set to music. Some of them, "I miei sette figli" ("My seven sons") and "Sotto il segno della volpe" ("Under the sign of the fox"), have become songs sung by Tiziano Cantatore in the album "È sparita l'orsa maggiore" (Eleven, Fonit Cetra, 1978).
Since this moment, he had stopped to write novels until the second half of the nineties, when he published "Le etichette delle camicie" (1996) and "Non è successo niente" (1998). The publication of "Dellamorte Dellamore" in 1991 gave to Sclavi the success as narrator. The novel was created some years before and the original manuscript was lost, but Sclavi reused the main character, Francesco Dellamorte, for a story with Dylan Dog, making him as his alter ego; the novel was then found and published. The character of Dellamorte represented for Sclavi a general test for Dylan Dog because he confronts a horde of zombies along with a grotesque sidekick, Gnaghi, and he builds a scale model as hobby. The success in the nineties led him to re-publish "Nero" ("Black"), "Apocalisse" ("Apocalipse"), "Mostri" ("Monsters") and "La circolazione del sangue" ("Blood circulation"), all works written years before which were published due to the success of Scalvi as comic writer. Hencefore, Sclavi began to write novels in 1995. In 1997, the full version of "Tre" was published and Natalia Ginzburg, after reading that version, called Sclavi to tell him her appreciation.
In 1998, the novel "Non è successo niente" ("Nothing has happened") was published and it has been considered as the last novel by the author, because he had declared that he had nothing more to tell. It is an autobiographical novel where Sclavi tells about himself through three characters: Tiz, successful screenwriter, Tom, a depressed alcoholic in a creative crisis and with suicidal temptations, and Cohan, who represents Sclavi at the time and has reached an equilibrium and an affective serenity, but he has lost his creative vein; other numerous characters around the main ones can be reconducted to colleagues in Bonelli with a representation of life in the redaction. In a 1999 interview for "Il Mattino", Sclavi stated that:
Sclavi announced so his will to not write novels also due to the poor result of selling of his last work.
Sclavi wrote also for the publishing house for children "La Coccinella" and in 1999 he took part to the realization of the video-game "Dylan Dog Horror Luna Park."
New millennium.
In the 2000s, Sclavi remained as supervisor of the series of Dylan Dog, leaving the role of screenwriter.
In 2005, Sclavi gave more than 8 000 volumes to the Communal Library of Venegono Superiore, collected and preserved in the "Fondo Sclavi" which collects volumes about cinema, music, a wide collection of comics and books about comics, novels of various genres (crime, noir and science-fiction), studies on occultism and paranormal phenomena, photographic volumes and books about graphic.
In 2006, Sclavi wrote a story for a Dylan Dog issue published in 2006 and he published a new novel, "Il tornado di Valle Scuropasso" ("The tornado of Scuropasso Valley") for Mondadori.
In 2016 he wrote a story for the issue #362 of "Dylan Dog" in occasion of its 30th anniversary, and one other for the issue #375 published in 2017.
CICAP member.
Sclavi is a member of CICAP ("Comitato Italiano per il Controllo delle Affermazioni sul Paranormale", Italian Committee for the Investigation of Claims of the Pseudosciences). In some interviews, he stated that
Films based upon his works.
Some works of Sclavi had been transposed to cinema: "Nero."(1992), directed by Giancarlo Soldi, "Dellamorte Dellamore" (1993), directed by Michele Soavi starring Rupert Everett, and "" (2011), directed by Kevin Munroe starring Brandon Routh. About "Dellamorte Dellamore", Sclavi had stated:

</doc>
<doc id="7020603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020603" title="Bill, Terrance and Fosse">
Bill, Terrance and Fosse



</doc>
<doc id="7020613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020613" title="Croatan Beach (Virginia Beach), Virginia">
Croatan Beach (Virginia Beach), Virginia



</doc>
<doc id="7020620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020620" title="San Diego county">
San Diego county



</doc>
<doc id="7020625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020625" title="Salhuana">
Salhuana



</doc>
<doc id="7020628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020628" title="The lion sleeps tonight">
The lion sleeps tonight



</doc>
<doc id="7020633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020633" title="Bishop McNamara">
Bishop McNamara



</doc>
<doc id="7020635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020635" title="Purén">
Purén

 
Purén is a city (2002 pop. 12,868) and commune in Malleco Province of La Araucanía Region, Chile. It is located in the west base of the Cordillera de Nahuelbuta (650 km. south of Santiago). The economical activity of Purén is based in forest exploitation and agriculture. The most characteristic product of Purén is the white strawberry which is one of two species of strawberry that were hybridized to create the modern garden strawberry.
In the Mapuche language or Mapudungun Purén means "swampy place".
History.
San Juan Bautista de Purén was a fort founded by Juan Gomez de Almagro, by order of the Governor of Chile Pedro de Valdivia, almost in the center of the northwest part of the valley of Purén, a little more than a kilometer from the left bank of the Purén River in the Purén valley and about six kilometers to the northeast of the present city of Purén.
This fort was abandoned on the death of Pedro de Valdivia but was reoccupied by García Hurtado de Mendoza, after a bitter campaign with the followers of Caupolicán on May 20, 1558. Guanoalca captured and burned it in 1586. Rebuilt by Governor Alonso de Sotomayor in 1589, it received some improvements but it was always harassed by the Mapuche, and was again abandoned and set afire by them in the 1598 Mapuche rising that exploded after the Disaster of Curalaba.
The fort was again restored under the governor Alonso Garcia Ramon in 1609, lost again and rebuilt by governor Alonso de Ribera in 1613 and was again abandoned in 1624. So it remained until 1665, when governor Francisco de Meneses Brito again built a fort there and repopulated it. Finally in 1723, Governor Gabriel Cano de Aponte decided to order its demolition and permanent abandonment, moving the garrison to the fort of San Carlos de Purén called Purén Nuevo (New Purén), on the Bio Bio River. The old ruins continued to be known as Old Purén and those ruins were still to be seen in the 1890s.
On November 24, 1868, a new fort was built in Puren, located at 38° 04' Lat. and 73° 06' Lon., between the brooks Nahuelco and Panqueco, a little more than three kilometers from the south or right bank of the upper part of the Purén River. To the northeast on the opposite shore of the Purén river is the location that the old Purén fortress occupied. A village had sprung up next to the fort by the 1890s following the occupation of Araucania.
Recently, some pre-Hispanic proto-pyramids or mounds have been discovered near Purén.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Purén spans an area of and has 12,868 inhabitants (6,408 men and 6,460 women). Of these, 7,604 (59.1%) lived in urban areas and 5,264 (40.9%) in rural areas. Between the 1992 and 2002 censuses, the population fell by 7.5% (1,049 persons).
Administration.
As a commune, Purén is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Benigno Quiñones Lara (PDC).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Purén is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Gonzalo Arenas (UDI) and Mario Venegas (PDC) as part of the 48th electoral district, together with Angol, Renaico, Collipulli, Ercilla, Los Sauces, Lumaco and Traiguén. The commune is represented in the Senate by Alberto Espina Otero (RN) and Jaime Quintana Leal (PPD) as part of the 14th senatorial constituency (Araucanía-North).

</doc>
<doc id="7020637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020637" title="Protect Ya Neck">
Protect Ya Neck

"Protect Ya Neck" is the debut single by American hip hop group Wu-Tang Clan, originally released on December 14, 1992, through Wu-Tang Records and later re-released May 3, 1993 through Loud Records. The song appears on the group's debut studio album "Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)". It was produced by RZA and features eight of the original nine Wu-Tang members.
Background and composition.
"Protect Ya Neck", along with "Tearz", were the first tracks recorded by the Wu-Tang Clan, released independently by the group as a 12-inch single in 1992. "Protect Ya Neck" is a free-associative and braggadocious battle rap and was the first Wu-Tang song bringing together the original four members and four others (excluding Masta Killa, who had not yet joined). The single was originally released by Wu-Tang Records backed with the B-side "After the Laughter Comes Tears". After it created an underground buzz, Wu-Tang Clan signed with Loud Records and re-released it in 1993, with "Method Man" as the B-side, which sold 10,000 copies.
The album version of the song (even explicit versions of the album) is edited to scratch out all profanity, save for use of the word "nigga". The song was originally recorded over a different beat and the verses in a different order before producer RZA decided to rearrange them and change the beat. The person who calls into a radio station at the start of the song was from an interview Wu-Tang Clan did on Washington, D.C. radio station WPGC. Different segments of the same interview are placed at different parts of their first album, "Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers).
Rapper Grand Daddy I.U. noted the swipe that GZA took at him on the song. Prior to the formation of the Wu-Tang Clan, GZA was originally known as The Genius – who, along with Grand Daddy I.U. – was signed to Cold Chillin' Records. GZA's verse was directed at his former label for lack of promotion over his debut "Words from the Genius" in favor of the former's debut album "Smooth Assassin". Aside from the swipes at his former label, GZA also took a few swipes at I.U., to which I.U. discussed in 2006:
I was wearing the suit and tie shit back then on some old time gangster shit. He had that other shit like, ‘Girl come do me.’ I guess they wasn’t feeling that shit so they chose to push me harder than they pushed him. That ain’t my fault what the fuck are you mad at me for? So you know how that shit is. He ain’t gonna come to my face and say nothing so later on he put that shit in his little rhyme or whatever throwing a subliminal jab. That shit is neither here nor there.
"Protect Ya Neck" is featured on greatest hits compilations such as "The RZA Hits", "Disciples of the 36 Chambers" and ', which contains the original, uncensored version known as the "Bloody Version". On his debut solo album, ', clan member Ol' Dirty Bastard would release a sequel track titled "Protect Ya Neck II the Zoo" featuring members of his own Brooklyn Zu rap collective. In 2000, Wu-Tang Clan would also release a sequel on their third album "The W", called "Protect Ya Neck (The Jump Off)", which also features Cappadonna and Masta Killa in place of the then-incarcerated Ol' Dirty Bastard.
"Protect Ya Neck" has been featured in video games "", "Skate 2", and "WWE 2K22". The chime that opens the song is from the kung-fu movie "Executioners from Shaolin".
The "Protect Ya Neck / Method Man" single made The Source's 100 Best Singles list. In September 2010 Pitchfork Media included the song at number 5 on their "Top 200 Tracks of the 90s".
It has also been featured in the final episode of superhero web television series "The Defenders" during a fight scene between all four Defenders and The Hand.
Music video.
The music video features each Wu-Tang member in black and white rapping individually with their entourage in the background. As each rapper starts his verse, their rap aliases are shown on the screen. Many of these aliases are spelled incorrectly or never used on official releases such as GZA being shown as "The Jizah" or Inspectah Deck as "Inspektah Deck". In the video, occasionally clips of Wu-Tang as a full group in color are flashed for a couple seconds. It features a cameo appearance from a then-unknown Cappadonna during Raekwon and Method Man's scenes and Masta Killa is seen being chased by the rest of the whole clan during Ol' Dirty Bastard and GZA's scenes.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from single's label.
Production
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="7020642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020642" title="Far Cry Vengeance">
Far Cry Vengeance

Far Cry Vengeance is a 2006 first-person shooter game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft for the Wii. It is a remake of "", originally released for the Xbox, and features changed controls, new weapons and vehicles, and three additional levels. The game received largely negative reviews for its graphics, overly compressed FMVs, and poor enemy AI, though the controls were praised.
Gameplay.
The game takes full advantage of the Wii Remote and its Nunchuk attachment. For example, the player can make the character jump by lifting the Nunchuk. Weapons are aimed by pointing the Wii Remote at the screen, and melee attacks are carried out by making a slashing motion with it. The zoom on sniper rifles is controlled by moving the Wii Remote towards the television. Split screen Chaos mode (standard deathmatch) is included. The popular map maker mode, as well as online play, are absent from the Wii version of the game, and no WiiConnect24 features are utilized.
"Vengeance" features some exclusive content not present in the original version of "Far Cry Instincts: Evolution", including three new levels, three multiplayer maps, and new weapons, such as the Bull .44 large-caliber revolver, the AK-47, and a shotgun.
Plot.
The game begins with Jack Carver, the protagonist, being approached in a bar by a woman named Kade, who asks him to meet her later. He agrees, but is arrested before he can meet her. While in prison, he learns that Kade is working with a group of rebels. He soon escapes when a man with supernatural powers named Semeru attacks the police station. Jack eventually meets Kade on the beach, and she takes him to an island where the rebels asked Kade to perform a gun run. In the middle of this mission, the rebels turn on Jack and Kade. The pair manage escape, and much of the game from this point onwards revolves around attacking the rebels.
Later, Kade is captured by Semeru, who plans to take her back to the rebel base. Jack tries to stop him, but is attacked by a large number of rebels. He flees through the forest, and meets a man named Kien Do, who asks for Jack's help against the rebels. After several battles with the rebels, Kien Do is captured by rebel forces. Jack pursues them to the main rebel base, where he finds Kien Do's corpse at the foot of the mountain the base sits on. Jack climbs the mountain, battling rebel soldiers along the way. When he reaches the base, he finds Semeru and Kade, who Carver finds out is working with Semeru. Jack manages to defeat Semeru, and then Kade.
Development.
The game was scheduled to have been unveiled on September 14, 2006 during a Nintendo press conference, but was absent from the event. First details were instead revealed by the VGM Daily Podcast Episode 118 on September 5, 2006 it uses a ported version of the CryEngine used in the original "Far Cry" game.
Reception.
"Far Cry Vengeance" received "generally unfavorable" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic.
"IGN" gave the game a 4/10, though it did give its gameplay ranking a 7 and commented that, gameplay-wise, it was "A fundamentally fun shooter and most of the new Wii controls feel great, despite not even looking half as good as the year-old Xbox version." Paul Devlin of "Videogamer.com" gave the game a 5/10, stating: "With the series arguably hinging on its looks, a "Far Cry" game should be showcasing the very best the Wii can offer rather than just being a mess of blurry textures that would not be out of place in a PS2 game."

</doc>
<doc id="7020649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020649" title="Franco Donatelli">
Franco Donatelli

Franco Donatelli (Alessandria, 13 March 1924 – Milano, 11 November 1995) was an Italian comic book artist and illustrator. Donatelli is best known as the regular artist on the "Zagor" series.
His first work was assisting Mario Faustinelli on "Furio Almirante". Following that work, Donatelli took a job in a bank. From 1946 he finally dedicated himself to comics. He drew such comics like "Mistero", "Silver Scout", "Pecos Bill" and "Radar". Donatelli was working for Sergio Bonelli Editore from the mid 1960s until the 1990s. He illustrated many stories of Zagor from #37 until #375 of regular series. In the 1970s he drew three stories of "Mister No".

</doc>
<doc id="7020651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020651" title="Great Sca Fell">
Great Sca Fell

Great Sca Fell is a fell in the English Lake District, southwest of the village of Caldbeck. It is the highest of the four Uldale Fells, the other three being Longlands Fell, Meal Fell and Great Cockup. It is a Wainwright, and the lowest of the lakeland "Sca fells", the other two being Scafell and Scafell Pike.
Topography.
The Uldale fells are a smooth and grassy sheep pasture which rise in three ridges from the low land to the north and culminate at the summit of Great Sca Fell at a height of . Although the hill is a ‘Wainwright’ fell and comfortably crests the 2000-foot mark, it does not meet the criteria for any of the other major hill lists; with a prominence of to the higher fell of Knott it narrowly fails to qualify as a Nuttall.
The fell has twin summits, Great and Little Sca Fell, with Little Sca Fell, which reaches an elevation of , lying north of the main summit across a low col, it has a more substantial cairn and a strange depression which has been augmented by a low wall to make a wind shelter. The summit of Great Sca Fell itself is a broad flat plateau on which the highest point could be located almost at any point within a 15-metre radius, however it has a small cairn to mark the recognised top. Four ridges radiate from the summit to the adjoining fells of Knott (south), Brae Fell (north), Meal Fell (west) and Longlands Fell (north west) making Great Sca Fell strategically important when walking these lonely hills. The River Ellen has its source on the western slopes of Great Sca Fell, flowing westerly to the Solway Firth. Drainage from the east of the fell flows eventually into the River Caldew and then the Eden to again reach the sea at the Solway.
Ascents.
Ascents of Great Sca Fell are usually started from the minor road which skirts the Uldale fells to the north west with the hamlets of Orthwaite and Longlands as likely starting points, either approaching up the valleys or climbing the other fells on the way and then approaching by the connecting ridges.
Summit.
The highlight of the view from the top of the fell is northwards to the Solway plain and beyond to the Scottish Borders. The view of Lakeland to the south is severely curtailed by the Skiddaw massif but there is distant view of the Bowfell group of fells almost 30 kilometres away through a gap in the hills.

</doc>
<doc id="7020653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020653" title="Black Horse Regiment">
Black Horse Regiment



</doc>
<doc id="7020656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020656" title="Public Transportation in San Diego County, California">
Public Transportation in San Diego County, California



</doc>
<doc id="7020660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020660" title="Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature">
Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature

Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature and Fejér quadrature are methods for numerical integration, or "quadrature", that are based on an expansion of the integrand in terms of Chebyshev polynomials. Equivalently, they employ a change of variables formula_1 and use a discrete cosine transform (DCT) approximation for the cosine series. Besides having fast-converging accuracy comparable to Gaussian quadrature rules, Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature naturally leads to nested quadrature rules (where different accuracy orders share points), which is important for both adaptive quadrature and multidimensional quadrature (cubature).
Briefly, the function formula_2 to be integrated is evaluated at the formula_3 extrema or roots of a Chebyshev polynomial and these values are used to construct a polynomial approximation for the function. This polynomial is then integrated exactly. In practice, the integration weights for the value of the function at each node are precomputed, and this computation can be performed in formula_4 time by means of fast Fourier transform-related algorithms for the DCT.
General method.
A simple way of understanding the algorithm is to realize that Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature (proposed by those authors in 1960) amounts to integrating via a change of variable . The algorithm is normally expressed for integration of a function over the interval [−1,1] (any other interval can be obtained by appropriate rescaling). For this integral, we can write:
formula_5
That is, we have transformed the problem from integrating formula_2 to one of integrating formula_7. This can be performed if we know the cosine series for formula_8:
formula_9
in which case the integral becomes:
formula_10
Of course, in order to calculate the cosine series coefficients
formula_11
one must again perform a numeric integration, so at first this may not seem to have simplified the problem. Unlike computation of arbitrary integrals, however, Fourier-series integrations for periodic functions (like formula_12, by construction), up to the Nyquist frequency formula_13, are accurately computed by the formula_14 equally spaced and equally weighted points formula_15 for formula_16 (except the endpoints are weighted by 1/2, to avoid double-counting, equivalent to the trapezoidal rule or the Euler–Maclaurin formula). That is, we approximate the cosine-series integral by the type-I discrete cosine transform (DCT):
formula_17
for formula_18 and then use the formula above for the integral in terms of these formula_19. Because only formula_20 is needed, the formula simplifies further into a type-I DCT of order , assuming "N" is an even number:
formula_21
From this formula, it is clear that the Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature rule is symmetric, in that it weights "f"("x") and "f"(−"x") equally.
Because of aliasing, one only computes the coefficients formula_20 up to , since discrete sampling of the function makes the frequency of indistinguishable from that of "N"–2"k". Equivalently, the formula_20 are the amplitudes of the unique bandlimited trigonometric interpolation polynomial passing through the points where is evaluated, and we approximate the integral by the integral of this interpolation polynomial. There is some subtlety in how one treats the formula_24 coefficient in the integral, however—to avoid double-counting with its alias it is included with weight 1/2 in the final approximate integral (as can also be seen by examining the interpolating polynomial):
formula_25
Connection to Chebyshev polynomials.
The reason that this is connected to the Chebyshev polynomials formula_26 is that, by definition, formula_27, and so the cosine series above is really an approximation of formula_2 by Chebyshev polynomials:
formula_29
and thus we are "really" integrating formula_2 by integrating its approximate expansion in terms of Chebyshev polynomials. The evaluation points formula_31 correspond to the extrema of the Chebyshev polynomial formula_32.
The fact that such Chebyshev approximation is just a cosine series under a change of variables is responsible for the rapid convergence of the approximation as more terms formula_33 are included. A cosine series converges very rapidly for functions that are even, periodic, and sufficiently smooth. This is true here, since formula_12 is even and periodic in formula_35 by construction, and is "k"-times differentiable everywhere if formula_2 is "k"-times differentiable on formula_37. (In contrast, directly applying a cosine-series expansion to formula_2 instead of formula_8 will usually "not" converge rapidly because the slope of the even-periodic extension would generally be discontinuous.)
Fejér quadrature.
Fejér proposed two quadrature rules very similar to Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature, but much earlier (in 1933).
Of these two, Fejér's "second" quadrature rule is nearly identical to Clenshaw–Curtis. The only difference is that the endpoints formula_40 and formula_41 are set to zero. That is, Fejér only used the "interior" extrema of the Chebyshev polynomials, i.e. the true stationary points.
Fejér's "first" quadrature rule evaluates the formula_19 by evaluating formula_12 at a different set of equally spaced points, halfway between the extrema: formula_44 for formula_45. These are the "roots" of formula_46, and are known as the Chebyshev nodes. (These equally spaced midpoints are the only other choice of quadrature points that preserve both the even symmetry of the cosine transform and the translational symmetry of the periodic Fourier series.) This leads to a formula:
formula_47
which is precisely the type-II DCT. However, Fejér's first quadrature rule is not nested: the evaluation points for do not coincide with any of the evaluation points for , unlike Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature or Fejér's second rule.
Despite the fact that Fejér discovered these techniques before Clenshaw and Curtis, the name "Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature" has become standard.
Comparison to Gaussian quadrature.
The classic method of Gaussian quadrature evaluates the integrand at formula_14 points and is constructed to "exactly" integrate polynomials up to degree formula_49. In contrast, Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature, above, evaluates the integrand at formula_14 points and exactly integrates polynomials only up to degree formula_14 (assuming formula_3 is an even number). It may seem, therefore, that Clenshaw–Curtis is intrinsically worse than Gaussian quadrature, but in reality this does not seem to be the case.
In practice, several authors have observed that Clenshaw–Curtis can have accuracy comparable to that of Gaussian quadrature for the same number of points. This is possible because most numeric integrands are not polynomials (especially since polynomials can be integrated analytically), and approximation of many functions in terms of Chebyshev polynomials converges rapidly (see Chebyshev approximation). In fact, recent theoretical results argue that both Gaussian and Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature have error bounded by formula_53 for a "k"-times differentiable integrand.
One often cited advantage of Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature is that the quadrature weights can be evaluated in formula_4 time by fast Fourier transform algorithms (or their analogues for the DCT), whereas most algorithms for Gaussian quadrature weights required formula_55 time to compute. However, recent algorithms have attained formula_56 complexity for Gauss–Legendre quadrature. As a practical matter, high-order numeric integration is rarely performed by simply evaluating a quadrature formula for very large formula_3. Instead, one usually employs an adaptive quadrature scheme that first evaluates the integral to low order, and then successively refines the accuracy by increasing the number of sample points, possibly only in regions where the integral is inaccurate. To evaluate the accuracy of the quadrature, one compares the answer with that of a quadrature rule of even lower order. Ideally, this lower-order quadrature rule evaluates the integrand at a "subset" of the original "N" points, to minimize the integrand evaluations. This is called a nested quadrature rule, and here Clenshaw–Curtis has the advantage that the rule for order "N" uses a subset of the points from order 2"N". In contrast, Gaussian quadrature rules are not naturally nested, and so one must employ Gauss–Kronrod quadrature formulas or similar methods. Nested rules are also important for sparse grids in multidimensional quadrature, and Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature is a popular method in this context.
Integration with weight functions.
More generally, one can pose the problem of integrating an arbitrary formula_2 against a fixed "weight function" formula_59 that is known ahead of time:
formula_60
The most common case is formula_61, as above, but in certain applications a different weight function is desirable. The basic reason is that, since formula_59 can be taken into account "a priori", the integration error can be made to depend only on the accuracy in approximating formula_2, regardless of how badly behaved the weight function might be.
Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature can be generalized to this case as follows. As before, it works by finding the cosine-series expansion of formula_8 via a DCT, and then integrating each term in the cosine series. Now, however, these integrals are of the form
formula_65
For most formula_59, this integral cannot be computed analytically, unlike before. Since the same weight function is generally used for many integrands formula_2, however, one can afford to compute these formula_68 numerically to high accuracy beforehand. Moreover, since formula_59 is generally specified analytically, one can sometimes employ specialized methods to compute formula_68.
For example, special methods have been developed to apply Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature to integrands of the form formula_71 with a weight function formula_59 that is highly oscillatory, e.g. a sinusoid or Bessel function (see, e.g., Evans &amp; Webster, 1999). This is useful for high-accuracy Fourier series and Fourier–Bessel series computation, where simple formula_61 quadrature methods are problematic because of the high accuracy required to resolve the contribution of rapid oscillations. Here, the rapid-oscillation part of the integrand is taken into account via specialized methods for formula_68, whereas the unknown function formula_2 is usually better behaved.
Another case where weight functions are especially useful is if the integrand is unknown but has a known singularity of some form, e.g. a known discontinuity or integrable divergence (such as ) at some point. In this case the singularity can be pulled into the weight function formula_59 and its analytical properties can be used to compute formula_68 accurately beforehand.
Note that Gaussian quadrature can also be adapted for various weight functions, but the technique is somewhat different. In Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature, the integrand is always evaluated at the same set of points regardless of formula_59, corresponding to the extrema or roots of a Chebyshev polynomial. In Gaussian quadrature, different weight functions lead to different orthogonal polynomials, and thus different roots where the integrand is evaluated.
Integration on infinite and semi-infinite intervals.
It is also possible to use Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature to compute integrals of the form formula_79 and formula_80, using a coordinate-remapping technique. High accuracy, even exponential convergence for smooth integrands, can be retained as long as formula_2 decays sufficiently quickly as |"x"| approaches infinity.
One possibility is to use a generic coordinate transformation such as 
formula_82
to transform an infinite or semi-infinite interval into a finite one, as described in Numerical integration. There are also additional techniques that have been developed specifically for Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature.
For example, one can use the coordinate remapping formula_83, where "L" is a user-specified constant (one could simply use "L"=1; an optimal choice of "L" can speed convergence, but is problem-dependent), to transform the semi-infinite integral into:
formula_84
The factor multiplying sin("θ"), "f"(...)/(...)2, can then be expanded in a cosine series (approximately, using the discrete cosine transform) and integrated term-by-term, exactly as was done for "f"(cos "θ") above. To eliminate the singularity at "θ"=0 in this integrand, one merely requires that "f"("x") go to zero sufficiently fast as "x" approaches infinity, and in particular "f"("x") must decay at least as fast as 1/"x"3/2.
For a doubly infinite interval of integration, one can use the coordinate remapping formula_85 (where "L" is a user-specified constant as above) to transform the integral into:
formula_86
In this case, we have used the fact that the remapped integrand is already periodic and so can be directly integrated with high (even exponential) accuracy using the trapezoidal rule (assuming "f" is sufficiently smooth and rapidly decaying); there is no need to compute the cosine series as an intermediate step. Note that the quadrature rule does not include the endpoints, where we have assumed that the integrand goes to zero. The formula above requires that "f"("x") decay faster than 1/"x"2 as "x" goes to ±∞. (If "f" decays exactly as 1/"x"2, then the integrand goes to a finite value at the endpoints and these limits must be included as endpoint terms in the trapezoidal rule.). However, if "f" decays only polynomially quickly, then it may be necessary to use a further step of Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature to obtain exponential accuracy of the remapped integral instead of the trapezoidal rule, depending on more details of the limiting properties of "f": the problem is that, although is indeed periodic with period π, it is not necessarily smooth at the endpoints if all the derivatives do not vanish there [e.g. the function "f"("x") = tanh("x"3)/"x"3 decays as 1/"x"3 but has a jump discontinuity in the slope of the remapped function at θ=0 and π].
Another coordinate-remapping approach was suggested for integrals of the form formula_87, in which case one can use the transformation formula_88 to transform the integral into the form formula_89 where formula_90, at which point one can proceed identically to Clenshaw–Curtis quadrature for "f" as above. Because of the endpoint singularities in this coordinate remapping, however, one uses Fejér's first quadrature rule [which does not evaluate "f"(−1)] unless "g"(∞) is finite.
Precomputing the quadrature weights.
In practice, it is inconvenient to perform a DCT of the sampled function values "f"(cos θ) for each new integrand. Instead, one normally precomputes quadrature weights formula_91 (for "n" from 0 to "N"/2, assuming that "N" is even) so that
formula_92
These weights formula_91 are also computed by a DCT, as is easily seen by expressing the computation in terms of matrix algebra. In particular, we computed the cosine series coefficients formula_20 via an expression of the form:
formula_95
where "D" is the matrix form of the ("N"/2+1)-point type-I DCT from above, with entries (for zero-based indices):
formula_96
and formula_97 is
formula_98
As discussed above, because of aliasing, there is no point in computing coefficients beyond formula_99, so "D" is an formula_100 matrix. In terms of these coefficients "c", the integral is approximately:
formula_101
from above, where "c" is the vector of coefficients formula_20 above and "d" is the vector of integrals for each Fourier coefficient:
formula_103
(Note, however, that these weight factors are altered if one changes the DCT matrix "D" to use a different normalization convention. For example, it is common to define the type-I DCT with additional factors of 2 or factors in the first and last rows or columns, which leads to corresponding alterations in the "d" entries.) The formula_104 summation can be re-arranged to:
formula_105
where is the vector of the desired weights formula_91 above, with:formula_107
Since the transposed matrix formula_108 is also a DCT (e.g., the transpose of a type-I DCT is a type-I DCT, possibly with a slightly different normalization depending on the conventions that are employed), the quadrature weights "w" can be precomputed in "O"("N" log "N") time for a given "N" using fast DCT algorithms.
The weights formula_91 are positive and their sum is equal to one.

</doc>
<doc id="7020662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020662" title="BlackHorse Regiment">
BlackHorse Regiment



</doc>
<doc id="7020665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020665" title="Blood Pressure Association">
Blood Pressure Association

The Blood Pressure Association (or BPA) is a British charitable organisation, established in October 2000, that seeks to provide information and support to people with high blood pressure (also known as hypertension) and to educate the general public about the importance of blood pressure to health.
It is based at St George's Hospital in Tooting, London.
Know Your Numbers.
Every September, the association runs a blood pressure testing week as part of its "Know Your Numbers" campaign, where doctors, nurses, pharmacists and trainers offer free blood pressure tests in hospitals, pharmacies, health centres and shopping centres throughout the UK. 
History.
The organization was founded in 2001 by Graham MacGregor.
Sir David Attenborough was appointed patron of the Association in May 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="7020668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020668" title="Richmond Fairgrounds Raceway">
Richmond Fairgrounds Raceway



</doc>
<doc id="7020670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020670" title="Amazon Kevin&quot; / &quot;Grub Drive&quot;">
Amazon Kevin&quot; / &quot;Grub Drive&quot;



</doc>
<doc id="7020672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020672" title="Clenshaw-Curtis integration">
Clenshaw-Curtis integration



</doc>
<doc id="7020674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020674" title="Blackhorse Regiment">
Blackhorse Regiment



</doc>
<doc id="7020676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020676" title="Rise and Fall (band)">
Rise and Fall (band)

Rise and Fall was a Belgian hardcore punk band from Ghent, formed 2002 by members of The Deal and Kingpin. They were among a few European bands currently signed to American hardcore label Deathwish Inc. Rise and Fall have been influenced by bands such as Black Flag, Converge, Neurosis, Tragedy and Entombed.
History.
Early career and "Hellmouth" (2002–2004).
Rise and Fall was formed in 2002 in Ghent, Belgium, as a side project of members of The Deal and Kingpin, eventually becoming the most important band for all four members as The Deal and Kingpin was disbanded. Following some lineup changes, the band released their first album "Hellmouth", in April 2004. The album was released on CD a few months later by JTTP Records in Germany and on vinyl by Belgian label Anger Management Records. The band then set out on a self-booked European tour in August, and supported 100 Demons on their European tour in October. During these tours the band started writing material for their following album.
"Into Oblivion", "Our Circle Is Vicious", and "Faith" (2005–2012).
In March 2005 the drummer departed from the band, stunting the new album's progress. In April 2005, one year after it was originally recorded, "Hellmouth" was released in the United States with bonus tracks on Philadelphia's "SA Mob" record label.
In the meantime, ex-Course of Action drummer and long-time friend Jp joined the band, and together they finished writing the new album.
In July 2005, the band recorded their second full-length "Into Oblivion". The album was recorded in CCR Studios in Zulte, Belgium, engineered by Vincent Tetaert of Amenra and mixed in Boston, MA at Godcity Studio by Kurt Ballou (Converge). American label Deathwish Inc. and European Reflections Records put out the album. Throughout the rest of 2005, Rise and Fall toured throughout Europe.
Rise and Fall also played major festivals, including Pukkelpop in Hasselt, Belgium and Hellfest Summer Open Air in Clisson, France. In 2006, Rise and Fall recorded a cover of Integrity's song "Kingdom of Hell", which was released on Escapist Records' Various Artists compilation "Harder They Fall: Tribute to Integrity" in February 2007.
In July 2007, Rise and Fall releases "Clawing", a special 3 tracks 7" on Deathwish Inc. in support of a 70 days long tour. The 7", featuring stunning artwork form German artist Florian Bertmer showcases one new song (Clawing), a re-recorded track from "Hellmouth" (Bottom Feeder) and a cover from the band Alice in Chains (Them Bones). 
Rise and Fall released their third studio album, "Our Circle Is Vicious", on 27 October 2009 through Deathwish Inc. The album artwork was designed by Jacob Bannon of the hardcore group Converge. "Decibel" rated at 7 out 10, Punknews.org rated it at four out five.
Their fourth, "Faith", through Deathwish Inc on 20 March 2012. A music video for the song "Hidden Hands" was released in February 2012. "Alternative Press" rated "Faith" at four out five, while "Lambgoat" rated it eight out ten.
Tours.
In 2006, Rise and Fall extended their touring schedule:
2007 marks the year of Rise and Fall turning into a full-time band for its all 4 members. Rise and Fall is on the road 5 out of the first 8 months of the year.
Discography.
Studio albums
EPs and singles
Live albums
Compilation appearances
Music videos

</doc>
<doc id="7020682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020682" title="Koshariyy">
Koshariyy



</doc>
<doc id="7020685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020685" title="Pascoe Grenfell">
Pascoe Grenfell

Pascoe Grenfell (3 September 1761 – 23 January 1838) was a British businessman and politician.
Biography.
He was born at Marazion, in Cornwall. His father, Pascoe Grenfell (1729–1810), and uncle were merchants in the tin and copper business. Grenfell studied at Truro Grammar School before joining his father's business in London. Later, he joined the business of Thomas Williams of Llanidan, a major brass and copper producer, becoming Williams's principal manager. He also served as governor of the Royal Exchange Assurance Company from 1829 to 1838. 
On Williams's death, Grenfell was chosen as one of the members of parliament for the constituency of Great Marlow in Buckinghamshire. He continued to represent that constituency until 1820, when he became representative for Penryn, a position he maintained to 1826. As a parliamentarian, he was a strong supporter of William Wilberforce in the debates on the human slave trade and transportation. He was also a vigilant observer of the Bank of England, and an authority on finance.
Grenfell died at 38 Belgrave Square in London on 23 January 1838.
Family.
On 26 August 1786, Grenfell married his cousin, Charlotte Granville (1765–1790), the daughter of his paternal uncle George Granville (1734–1784) and his first wife Elizabeth Bryer (1740–?). Charlotte died shortly after the birth of Charles Pascoe.
On 15 January 1798, he married Georgiana St Leger (1775–1818) youngest daughter of St Leger St Leger, 1st Viscount Doneraile and Mary née Barry. He and Georgiana had a large family:
Pascoe Grenfell lived at Taplow House, Taplow in Buckinghamshire.

</doc>
<doc id="7020686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020686" title="Kinniku Suguru">
Kinniku Suguru



</doc>
<doc id="7020690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020690" title="God in the Baháʼí Faith">
God in the Baháʼí Faith

The Baháʼí conception of God is of an "unknowable essence" who is the source of all existence and known through the perception of human virtues. The Baháʼí Faith follows the tradition of monotheism and dispensationalism, believing that God has no physical form, but periodically provides divine messengers in human form that are the sources of spiritual education. In another sense, Baháʼí teachings on God are also panentheistic, seeing signs of God in all things, but the reality of God being exalted and above the physical world.
Shoghi Effendi, head of the religion from 1921 to 1957, described God as "a personal God, unknowable, inaccessible, the source of all Revelation, eternal, omniscient, omnipresent and almighty".
According to Baháʼí teachings, God communicates his will and purpose for humanity through intermediaries known as Manifestations of God, who are the prophets and messengers who have founded religions throughout human history. Accepting these Manifestations allows individuals to draw nearer to God and attain spiritual progress.
Baháʼís do not believe God has any human or physical form; the use of male pronouns in Baháʼí scripture is by convention rather than implicating gender. Various names are used to refer to God in the writings, the one deemed greatest being "All-Glorious" or "Bahá" in Arabic.
God.
Baháʼís view God as the being responsible for the creation of all that exists. The teachings state there is only one God and that his essence is absolutely inaccessible from the physical realm of existence and that, therefore, his reality is completely unknowable. Thus, all of humanity's conceptions of God which have been derived throughout history are mere manifestations of the human mind and not at all reflective of his true nature.
While God's essence is inaccessible, a subordinate form of knowledge is available by way of mediation by divine messengers, known as Manifestations of God. The Manifestations of God reveal teachings that reflect God's will and purpose for humanity at a particular time in history."" By recognising these Manifestations, humanity can fulfil its inherent purpose to know and love its creator. The Baháʼí teachings state that one can develop a closer relationship with God through prayer, study of the holy writings, development of praiseworthy qualities, and service to humanity.
Although human cultures and religions differ in their conceptions of God and his nature, Baháʼís believe they nevertheless refer to one and the same being. The differences, instead of being regarded as irreconcilable, are seen as purposefully reflective of the varying needs of the societies in which different religions were revealed. No single faith, and associated conception of God, is thus considered essentially superior to another from the viewpoint of its original social context; however, more recent religions may teach a more advanced conception of God as called for by the changing needs of local, regional or global civilization. Baháʼís thus regard the world's religions as chapters in the history of one single faith, revealed by God's Manifestations progressively and in stages. Baháʼu'lláh wrote:
All praise to the unity of God, and all honor to Him, the sovereign Lord, the incomparable and all-glorious Ruler of the universe, Who, out of utter nothingness, hath created the reality of all things, Who, from naught, hath brought into being the most refined and subtle elements of His creation, and Who, rescuing His creatures from the abasement of remoteness and the perils of ultimate extinction, hath received them into His kingdom of incorruptible glory. Nothing short of His all-encompassing grace, His all-pervading mercy, could have possibly achieved it. While the Baháʼí writings teach of a personal god with faculties such as a mind, will, and purpose, they clearly state that this does not imply a human or physical form. Although God is referred to in scripture with masculine pronouns, this is by convention rather than an indication of gender. Shoghi Effendi, the head of the Baháʼí Faith in the first half of the 20th century, described God as inaccessible, omniscient, almighty, personal, and rational, and rejected pantheistic, anthropomorphic, and incarnationist beliefs.
Manifestations of God.
The Baháʼí teachings recognize the founders of the world's major religions as manifestations of the one same God, and regard them as the primary means of knowing God's attributes. Each revelation is thought to bring a greater degree of teachings and build upon those that came before, thus being essentially united in purpose. Several extant religions were mentioned by Baháʼu'lláh as being divinely revealed: Sabeanism (the religion of the Sabians), Hinduism, Zoroastrianism, Judaism, Buddhism, Christianity, and Islam. The divine origin of various other religions, that have since been lost to history, is assumed.
These Manifestations of God are regarded as mirrors that reflect God's divine attributes, revealing aspects of God without being incarnations. Through these educators, humans are able to attain spiritual progress and draw nearer to God.
Names of God.
The Baháʼí scriptures refer to God by various titles and attributes, such as Almighty, All-Powerful, All-Wise, Incomparable, Gracious, Helper, All-Glorious, Omniscient and All-Loving. Bahá'is believe the greatest of all the names of God is "All-Glorious" or "Bahá" in Arabic. "Bahá" is the root word of the following names and phrases: the greeting "Alláh-u-Abhá" (God is the All-Glorious), the invocation "Yá Baháʼu'l-Abhá" (O Thou Glory of the Most Glorious), "Baháʼu'lláh" (The Glory of God), and "Baháʼí" (Follower of the All-Glorious). These are expressed in Arabic regardless of the language in use (see Baháʼí symbols).

</doc>
<doc id="7020691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020691" title="Bokeh blur">
Bokeh blur



</doc>
<doc id="7020692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020692" title="Koshariy">
Koshariy



</doc>
<doc id="7020695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020695" title="Brailsford">
Brailsford

Brailsford () is a small red-brick village and civil parish in Derbyshire on the A52 midway between Derby and Ashbourne. The parish also includes Brailsford Green. The civil parish population at the 2011 Census was 1,118. The village has a pub, a golf club, a post office and a school. 
Toponymy.
The name "Brailsford" was recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 as "Breilesfordham", in which the two specific elements are Old English "ford" and "ham" ("homestead"). The first part of the name appears to be from a derivative of OE "byrgels" ("burial mound") but, as with Brailes (Warwickshire), this element may be a Common Brittonic compound name from the elements "brigo-" ("hill") and "lisso" ("hall, court").
History.
Brailsford was mentioned in the Domesday Book as being in the tenancy of Elfin (possibly an Anglo-Norman rendering of the Saxon Aelfwine) who also held the nearby manors of Bupton, Osmaston and Thurvaston from the tenant-in-chief, Henry de Ferrers
The Domesday survey of 1086 records the following for Brailsford:
Land of Henry de Ferrers
M. In Brailsford Earl Waltheof had 2 carucates of land taxable.
Land for 2 ploughs. Now in lordship 2 ploughs.
24 villagers and 3 smallholders have 5 ploughs.
A priest and ½ church; 1 mill, 10s 8d; meadow 11 acres;
Woodland pasture 1 league long and 1 league wide.
Value before 1066, 60s; now 40s. Elfin holds it.
Elfin, through his son Nicholas de Brailsford, is the ancestor of the Brailsford family, who are still numerous in the county and elsewhere today.
From Pigot and Co's "Commercial Directory for Derbyshire", 1835:
"BRAILSFORD is rather a considerable village, in the parish of its name, and hundred of Appletree; situate on the main road between Derby and Ashbourne, equidistant from each place. Coaches to different parts of the kingdom are continually passing through here, and the support of the village is chiefly derived from that circumstance—there being no manufactures, nor any extensive trade existing here. The places of worship are the parish church, and a chapel for Wesleyan methodists; the former, which is situate, about half a mile from the village, is dedicated to All Saints, and the living is a rectory, in the patronage of Earl Ferrers"
The parish (which has no dependent township) contained 724 inhabitants in 1821 and 780 in 1831.
There are many fine houses in the district. Brailsford Hall was rebuilt for George Herbert Strutt in 1901 in a restrained Jacobean style by Hunter and Woodhouse of Belper. Culland Hall was built in 1939 to the designs of George Morley Eaton PRIBA of Derby for Col. Sir Edward Thompson.
Ednaston.
The hamlet of Ednaston on the other side of Brailsford Brook has the grade I listed Ednaston Manor, built 1912–14 for W.G. Player by Sir Edwin Lutyens, which is not open to the public. According to Pevsner, Home Farm and Ruck o'Stones Cottage are also apparently by Lutyens. Ednaston Hall and Ednaston House also stand in the village.
Muggington.
Also nearby at Muggington is the Halter Devil Chapel, built in 1723 onto the end of a farmhouse by Francis Brown, a reformed alcoholic, who one night attempted to halter his horse, mistakenly caught a cow, and thought it was the devil.
Places of worship.
Brailsford parish church, or "half a church" as stated in the Domesday Book—referring to its status as a shared church between Brailsford and the hamlet of Ednaston—is about half a mile from the village. It was originally built in the 11th and 12th centuries and consists of a nave, chancel, south aisle and tower. There have been later modifications, such as the 14th century chancel arch. The tower is ashlar-faced and diagonally buttressed with a Perpendicular west door and west window. It contains an octagonal font in the Perpendicular style, with the lower part of the base exhibiting the Tudor rose. In the churchyard is a mid-11th century Saxon cross, showing interlace and a human figure.
Brailsford also has a small Methodist church; originally a Primitive Methodist chapel built in 1845, it was extended in 1914.
Local traditions.
Many locals take part in the famous Royal Shrovetide Football match played in Ashbourne on two afternoons during February. An annual ploughing match takes place in Brailsford on the first Wednesday in October.

</doc>
<doc id="7020697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020697" title="Mantarou Kinniku">
Mantarou Kinniku



</doc>
<doc id="7020698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020698" title="Moses Cohen Henriques">
Moses Cohen Henriques

Moses Cohen Henriques (born c. 1595) was a Dutch pirate of Portuguese Sephardic Jewish origin. Operating in as a pirate of the Caribbean, the total haul of his raids on the Spanish is estimated to be about 1 billion USD in today's value.
Life.
Early life.
Henriques was born in the late 16th century to a Portuguese converso family (Jews who had undergone forced conversion to Catholicism during the Portuguese Inquisition). To escaped religious persecution his family immigrated at a certain stage to Amsterdam, whereupon they resumed the free practice of their Jewish faith.
Dutch Navy and privateer.
Henriques served under Dutch naval officer and folk hero Admiral Piet Pieterszoon Hein, of the Dutch West India Company, rising in the ranks to become his right hand man. He aided in the capture of a Spanish treasure fleet in the battle of the Bay of Matanzas off the Cuban coast, during the Eighty Years' War, in 1628.
Part of the Spanish fleet in Venezuela had been warned because a Dutch cabin boy had lost his way on Blanquilla Island and was captured, betraying the plan, but the other half from Mexico continued its voyage, unaware of the threat. Sixteen Spanish ships were intercepted; one galleon was taken after a surprise encounter during the night, nine smaller merchants were talked into a surrender; two small ships were taken at sea fleeing; and four fleeing galleons were trapped on the Cuban coast in the Bay of Matanzas. After some musket volleys from Dutch sloops their crews surrendered and the Dutch captured 11,509,524 Dutch guilders of booty in gold, silver, and other expensive trade goods, such as indigo and cochineal, without any bloodshed. The Dutch did not take prisoners: they gave the Spanish crews ample supplies for a march to Havana.
Dutch colony in Brazil.
After the war, Henriques scouted the Portuguese colony of Pernambuco on the Brazilian coast. He did this as a spy, in preparation for a Dutch invasion.
Henriques then went on to lead a Jewish contingent in Brazil as part of the Dutch invasion in 1630. He led a force of 3000 men, capturing the colony and turning it into a refuge for Jews during the subsequent Dutch rule.
He was the uncle of Jocob Cohen, a financial adviser and personal secretary to Count Maurice of Nassau, and on the 9th February 1634 he wrote a letter to the Dutch West India Company in Amsterdam applying for permission to bring the first large organised group of Sephardi colonists to the Dutch colony in Brazil. The group arrived in 1635 and settled in Vila Velha on the island of Itamaracá.
Henriques was instrumental in bringing a rabbi to the Dutch colony (Isaac Aboab da Fonseca), as well as building a mikvah and synagogue (the Kahal zur Israel synagogue in Recife, Dutch Brazil) - all firsts for the New World. However, in 1654, the Portuguese recaptured the nascent colony in the northern coast of Brazil, forcing Henriques and other Jews to flee from religious persecution. Aboab then returned to Amsterdam, but members of his community immigrated to North America and were among the founders of New Amsterdam, the Dutch settlement at the southern tip of Manhattan. In 1655, Jocob Cohen lived in Manhattan.
Piracy.
After the Portuguese Empire's recapture of Northern Brazil in 1654, Moses Cohen Henriques fled South America and in order to survive difficult times ended up as a trusted advisor to Henry Morgan, the leading pirate of the time. He established his own pirate island off the Brazilian coast, in order to take revenge against the Spanish and the Portuguese. Even though his role as a pirate was disclosed during the Portuguese Inquisition/ Spanish Inquisition, as he was active in the Caribbean against Spain and in Brazil against Portugal. Moses Cohen Henriques was never caught and never faced trial.
After the English conquest of Jamaica, Henriques migrated to the island, where he helped to establish the Jewish community in Jamaica. Morgan, who became the governor of Jamaica, gave Henriques a full pardon in 1681.
Family.
Moses Cohen is a great-great-great-grandfather of Jamaican dancehall singer Sean Paul.

</doc>
<doc id="7020699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020699" title="Dulee Johnson">
Dulee Johnson

Dulee Johnson (born 7 November 1984) is a Liberian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder and striker. He is best known for his time with AIK with which he won the 2009 Allsvenskan and 2009 Svenska Cupen. A full international between 2001 and 2016, he won 35 caps for the Liberia national team and played at the 2002 African Cup of Nations.
Club career.
Floda BoIF.
Born in Monrovia, Dulee Johnson is one of several Liberian footballers who were brought to Sweden by Floda BoIF manager Stig Johansson in the late 1990s, after having been discovered at Gothia Cup. The Liberian players, which included Dioh Williams and Jimmy Dixon, moved into manager Johanssons villa where they lived while they played for the Swedish lower league club.
BK Häcken.
After a few successful seasons, all the three previously mentioned players were signed by Allsvenskan club BK Häcken. Johnson quickly found success on the pitch for his new club. He was a starter for the full four and a half years with Häcken.
AIK and Maccabi.
In 2006, Johnson was signed by AIK, where he became an instant success as the replacement in midfield for Derek Boateng.
In July 2008, Johnson signed a 3-year contract with Maccabi Tel Aviv. He only spent one season with the Israeli side, scoring one goal and making two assists. Johnson also helped them win the League Cup, also known as the Toto Cup. He left the club in June 2009, and signed a new deal with his previous club AIK.
Panetolikos.
On 21 January 2011, it was announced that Dulee Johnson had signed an 18-month contract with Greek club Panetolikos.
De Graafschap.
In May 2011, Johnson was on trial with Dutch club De Graafschap and was offered a contract. He played three Eredivisie matches and one KNVB Cup match in which he scored his only goal for De Graafschap. Due to his increased market value, the Liberian midfielder received an attractive offer from one of South Africa's big clubs and he made the move to play in the South African premiership.
AmaZulu.
On 16 July 2012, Johnson signed a two-year contract with South African club AmaZulu. Johnson's quickly made his name in the league from the preseason matches and throughout his term in the league.
IK Brage.
On 28 December 2012, Johnson signed a two-year contract with Swedish Superettan club IK Brage. In January 2014 he left the club for higher level after they got relegated to Division 1. On a free transfer Dulee moved to Romanian side Săgeata Năvodari.
Moss.
On 2 September 2015, Johnson signed for Norwegian 2. divisjon side Moss FK.
Molde.
At the end of the 2015 season, Johnson was reported to be training with Molde FK.
On 9 January 2016, Johnson signed a one-year contract with Tippeligaen side Molde FK., but played only one match, a first round cup match against Kristiansund, before being released from his contract 1 June 2016.
Lyn Toppfotball.
On 1 June 2018, Johnson signed with 3. divisjon side Lyn Toppfotball for the remainder of the season.
International career.
In March 2010, he was granted Swedish citizenship, and is now regarded as an EU player. AIK's Liberian International Dulee Johnson Granted EU Citizenship. Dulee Johnson is one of Liberia's best creative midfielders, he played in the 2002 African Cup and Nations, and he was recently recalled to the Liberian national team to help them secure a slot for the 2017 African Cup of Nations. He will travel down to Liberia in June 2016 to play against Togo in one of Liberia's toughest football.
Personal life.
He is the son of former Liberia international player and manager Josiah Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="7020702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020702" title="Kinniku Mantarou">
Kinniku Mantarou



</doc>
<doc id="7020704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020704" title="The Queensway–Humber Bay">
The Queensway–Humber Bay

The Queensway–Humber Bay, known officially as Stonegate–Queensway, is a neighbourhood in the southwest of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is located in the southeast area of the former City of Etobicoke.
Neighbourhood.
This neighbourhood originally centred on the intersection of Lake Shore Boulevard and the Queensway near the mouth of the Humber River, however that intersection disappeared with the building of the Queen Elizabeth Way. The area to the south of the Gardiner Expressway is today part of Mimico neighbourhood. Today, the official neighbourhood is composed of two areas:
Character.
This community is mainly made up single-family homes, low-rise apartment buildings, and an old turn-of-the century market garden community that was absorbed by the city as it grew. There is little traffic and amenities in the area are along the Queensway, Bloor Street to the north, and Stonegate Plaza. The southeast portion of the neighbourhood has a high population of European immigrants.
Most streets formerly south of the Queensway east of the Mimico Creek were lost when the QEW was built. However, along the waterfront, a new street has been built on largely artificial shoreline named Marine Parade after a similar 1890s street planned to run along Mimico's shoreline. Some streets laid out in developments for returning soldiers carry names commemorating military men such as: Hornell (war hero born in Mimico), Saunders, Clive and Cochrane (formerly Churchill). Other streets laid out in the following years celebrate the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II such as: the Queensway and Lillibet Rd. Many streets in the Sunnylea neighbourhood north of Berry Road are entirely new, such as: Sunnydale, Kinsdale and Heatherdale.
History.
King's Mill Reserve.
After the fall of New France to the British, a French trader Jean-Bonaventure Rousseau received permission from the British administration to settle with his family on the site of the second French Fort in Toronto (at the foot of the Humber River). When the Simcoes arrived from Newark (Niagara-on-the-Lake) with several hundred Queen's Rangers (Loyalist soldiers), his son Jean Baptiste Rousseau guided the ships into Toronto Bay (now Toronto Inner Harbour). John Graves Simcoe renamed the Toronto River the Humber after the Humber River in England. When land in the area was surveyed and divided into lots, the area on both side of the Humber River was reserved by the government for timber and Jean Baptiste Rousseau was offered land on the west (Etobicoke) side in what is now the Humber Bay neighbourhood. Rousseau refused to relocate from one side of the river and he left to resettle near Hamilton where he was given land in compensation. The Kings Mill Reserve was that part of the original forest that covered Toronto that was preserved rather than cleared for farms. The Kings Mill (Old Mill) is at Bloor north of this neighbourhood but the reserve stretched south to what is now the Queensway covering most of modern Humber Bay's residential district. The Kings Mill reserve was commemorated in this neighbourhood by the Kitzler Vocational Collegiate (now Bishop Allen Academy) which was actually on the west side of the Mimico Creek in the Queensway.
Early hotels on the Lake Shore.
Etobicoke's first highway was Dundas Street (Toronto to the town of Dundas beside Hamilton) but for most early settlers of southern Etobicoke, an Indian path along the shoreline given the name Lake Road (Lake Shore Boulevard West) was found to be a more convenient street. This street extended into Toronto from where Queen street stopped at the bottom of Keele St (Parkside) around the top of Humber Bay to the border of Etobicoke (the Humber River) where it met with the extension of Queen Street in Etobicoke (Stock's Side Road). As bridges were only built on Ontario's important highways at first (Dundas St, Kingston Rd., Yonge St.) a ferry was operated at the end of the Humber River. After the first bridge was built at the end of the Humber and a toll opened (to pay for the bridge), the intersection here became the first community in Etobicoke south of Dundas centring on three early Hotels and a wharf. North of this area were government reserves (forest left intact for lumber). There was also a notable jog in what would become Royal York where it meets the Mimico Creek crossing the creek to the east where there remains a footbridge today just north of Norseman St., north on today's Humbervale Boulevard and back west along what is now Glenroy Avenue. In 1855, Ontario's first railway the Grand Trunk Railway's line between Hamilton and Toronto was built through southern Humber Bay between Lake Shore and Stock's Side Road (the Queensway) passing over the latter just west of the intersection of these streets at the Humber River. A 'Humber Station' is marked between Lake Shore and Stock's Side Road (the Queensway) near the intersection and a 'Grove Stop' is marked where the railway passes over Salisbury (Park Lawn) into what became Mimico in the 1850s.
Subdivision.
In 1883, Mr. Davidson, a businessman from the United States, imported about 40 small prefabricated houses most of which were placed on Davidson Crescent (now gone) between Stock's Side Rd (the Queensway) and Lake Shore which formed a small artistic community. A subdivision plan was also prepared that year for residential streets north of the future Queensway. In the 1890 subdivision of Mimico, Humber Bay was still shown as being within that growing village. By 1926, the area between Lake Shore, Stock's Side Rd (the Queensway) and Salisbury (Park Lawn) was subdivided with a number of homes being built on the last street. Some homes had also been built on the south side along the Lake Shore between the Humber and Salisbury (Park Lawn). Several of the first churches and the first school use Davidson Houses. At the intersection of Lake Shore and what would become the Queensway, the Lake Shore streetcar line was built through with its own bridge and a camping ground was set up by one of the old hotels. The Humber Bay School and the St. James Anglican Church moved out of Davidson houses when new buildings were built on High Street in the subdivision north of what would become the Queensway. Humber Bay became a Postal District. More churches were soon built in Humber Bay including a LDS Church. By about 1890 Humber Bay became a postal village with the opening of the Humber Bay Post Office on the south side of what would become the Queensway between Davidson Crescent and the intersection with Lake Shore.
With the advent of the car, the area changed beyond recognition. At the intersection of Lake Shore and the future Queensway, the wharf into lake Ontario was replaced with a Dance Hall on a Pier called the Palace Pier, modelled after the Brighton Pier in England. The land south of Lake Shore along the shoreline was filled with motels for motorists arriving in Toronto along the Toronto-Hamilton Highway (Lake Shore). North of what would become the Queensway between the subdivision and the Humber a Golf Course was built and further north around Glenroy Avenue a school was built named Sunnylea in a competition. Along the Queensway, many single storey homes were built. Just before the Second World War the first lighted limited access highway in North America connecting Hamilton with Toronto, the Queen Elizabeth Way, was opened. This replaced the Lake Shore as the major highway to the west of Toronto but it's Toronto end with the large QEW monument was at the intersection of the Queensway and Lake Shore. The building of the QEW involved the demolition of many of the buildings between the future Queensway and Lake Shore and cut off the 'Motel Strip' from the Humber Bay neighbourhood to the north. West of Mimico Creek, the Highway cut the Queensway off from Mimico. The old intersection at the future Queensway and Lake Shore disappeared. Although the other Etobicoke neighbourhoods along the Lake Shore left Etobicoke in this period, the splitting of the Humber Bay neighbourhood by the QEW prevented this neighbourhood from developing into a separate municipality.
Post-war years.
In 1952, Etobicoke left York County with the other municipalities south of Steeles Ave to join the new Metropolitan Toronto which began to urbanise the townships around Toronto like Etobicoke. In 1946, the 'Queensway' post office opened and at the Queensway and Royal York a development of 'veterans houses' was built for returning servicemen. In the 1950s, Toronto was expanding and Queen Street West was extended from the foot of Roncesvalles Avenue around the top of Humber Bay north of the Railway tracks complementing the Lake Shore to the south and linking with the former Stock's Side Road. With the accession of Queen Elizabeth in 1952, this street was named the Queensway also to be consistent with Queen Street to the west and the Kingsway to the north. Many immigrants arrived in the post-war years and the large northern parts of this neighbourhood were largely developed between Islington and the Mimico Creek where many new streets were laid out. North of the Queensway many apartments were built east of Stephen Drive. With the development of residential to the north, the old heart of the community south of the Queensway between the Humber River and the Mimico Creek became industrial with the arrival of the Ontario Food Terminal north of the QEW and Christie's Factory to the south. North of the Queensway the Golf Course became a sewage treatment plant. The Palace Pier was lost to a fire set by arsonists. In 1954, Hurricane Hazel devastated the Humber Valley and Humber Bay was one of the worst-hit areas, however because of the loss of so much of the residential area around the old Lake Shore/Queensway intersection, the damage was largely to city infrastructure notably destroying the Lake Shore and Royal York bridges over the Mimico Creek and damaging the Lake Shore Bridge over the Humber.
"Motel Strip".
Etobicoke became a Borough and was reunited with Mimico, New Toronto, and Long Branch. With city highway expansion plans the City of Toronto extended the Provincial Queen Elizabeth Highway into the City of Toronto with the building of the Gardiner Expressway along the top of Humber Bay. The former intersection at the Humber River with the Queensway and Lake Shore was no long an intersection with three heavy traffic bridges crossing the river (the QEW, the Queensway and Lake Shore) as well as the Railway. The motel strip was already in decline prompting city plans for the redevelopment of the area along the Lake Shore. Humber Bay Park was built at this time, two artificial peninsulas extending east (along Humber's waterfront) and west (along Mimico's waterfront) from the bottom of the Mimico Creek. With a decline in the number of immigrants arriving and an ageing population and the introduction of full funding for Separate (Catholic) Schools several area Public Schools were given to the Separate School Board which became Bishop Allen Academy and St. Felix Junior School (the only Catholic Junior school in Etobicoke), later École Sainte-Marguerite d'Youville. Sunnylea Public School was leased to the Separate (Catholic) School Board as Cardinal Slipyj (Eastern Rite Catholic) Elementary School for a short time. The Humber streetcar loop at the former intersection of the Queensway and Lake Shore also declined as the Long Branch car which had turned there was combined with the Queen car and the Queensway bus was continued along the Queensway into Toronto. As growth in the residential neighbourhoods to the east stagnated, the non residential area west of Kipling along the Queensway experienced rapid growth with the building of Sherway Gardens, one of the largest malls in Toronto.
Redevelopment.
In 1984, Etobicoke became a city and began planning to redevelop the southern neighbourhoods. Since the 1980s some undeveloped areas have been built up with 'Monster Homes' and more recently townhouses such as on Royal York south from Norseman and on Berry Rd at Prince Edward Dr. The former site of Davidson crescent between the Humber streetcar loop and the Ontario Food Court became home to a large big box stores complex. Far to the west from Kipling to the 427 many new stores have opened and west of the 427 the former industrial has continued to be turned to commercial use with the building of many big box stores around the Sherway Gardens mall. In recent years the area south of the Lake Shore has been almost entirely redeveloped with the demolition of almost all the motels and the building of many tall condominiums. This had originally begun with two towers built in the 1980s at the foot of the Humber River and were named The Palace Pier after the amusement pier that had been lost to arson. An artificial shoreline has also been created as parkland behind the new condominiums from Lake Shore. The TTC has recently considered reinstating the Long Branch streetcar which would necessitate passengers switching at the Humber Loop again, going or coming from Toronto. Proposals have also been made for a streetcar along the Queensway as an attempt to slow traffic and attempt to remove the 'suburban' feel of the area.
Education.
Three public school boards operate elementary schools and secondary schools in the area, the Conseil scolaire catholique MonAvenir, the Toronto Catholic District School Board (TCDSB), and the Toronto District School Board (TDSB). Elementary and middle schools operated by the three school boards include:
Only TCDSB and TDSB operate secondary schools in the area. Bishop Allen Academy is a secondary school operated by TCDSB, whereas the Etobicoke School of the Arts is a specialized arts-academic secondary school operated by TDSB. Both buildings were originally built as Kingsmill Secondary School in 1963 and Royal York Collegiate Institute in 1953 respectively. Kingsmill operated as a junior vocational school where as Royal York operated as an academic secondary school.
Since 1989, Bishop Allen Academy is served by the area in the Our Lady of Sorrows Parish, whose students attended Etobicoke's first high school in the Archdiocese Michael Power High School for boys and St. Joseph's High School, Islington for girls and is enrolled with 1700 students, making it the second largest high school in the board.
Transportation.
The area is accessible from the Bloor-Danforth subway by two bus routes: the route 66 bus from Old Mill station which travels along Prince Edward and Park Lawn, and the 80 Queensway bus route from Keele Station, along the lake shore, then along the Queensway to the Sherway Gardens mall. From the east the 501 Queen Street streetcar travels along the Queensway until the Humber, then switches south along Lake Shore Boulevard.
The Humber Loop is also situated within the neighbourhood. The Loop serves as a station and intermediate turning loop for streetcars on the 501 Queen line of the Toronto Transit Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="7020706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020706" title="Special Jurisdiction">
Special Jurisdiction



</doc>
<doc id="7020711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020711" title="Kinnikuman Nisei">
Kinnikuman Nisei



</doc>
<doc id="7020717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020717" title="EV1 (disambiguation)">
EV1 (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7020724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020724" title="Soata, Boyaca">
Soata, Boyaca



</doc>
<doc id="7020725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020725" title="Blocken Jr.">
Blocken Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="7020729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020729" title="Lego Star Wars (lego theme)">
Lego Star Wars (lego theme)



</doc>
<doc id="7020731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020731" title="Nairai">
Nairai

Nairai is an island of Fiji belonging to the Lomaiviti Archipelago. The island is of volcanic origin and has a land area of about 30 square kilometers. To the west of the island is Batiki, and to the south-west is Gau.
Its population of more than 600 Fijians lives in coastal villages. Economic activity is subsistence farming and fishing, with copra farming being the main source of income. The island has no airport, although it has a jetty in Tovulailai. Transport is by local cargo vessels or small boats, since there are no roads for vehicles.
There are five villages on the island, consisting of Natauloa (the chiefly village and the seat of the "Turaga na Tui Nairai" and also the high chief of the island), Tovulailai (which has a jetty and a nursing station), Vutuna, Lawaki, and Waitoga. There are three primary schools, although there is no high school.

</doc>
<doc id="7020734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020734" title="Brocken Jr">
Brocken Jr

 

</doc>
<doc id="7020736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020736" title="Alien vs. Predator (comics)">
Alien vs. Predator (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="7020738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020738" title="Soata">
Soata



</doc>
<doc id="7020739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020739" title="Northwood School (Lake Placid, New York)">
Northwood School (Lake Placid, New York)

Northwood School is an independent co-educational boarding and day school for grades 9 through 12 located in Lake Placid, New York, in the heart of the Adirondack Mountains.
History.
1905–1927: Founding and early years.
In 1905 John M. Hopkins, a Yale graduate who had previously taught at The Hill School and the Florida-Adirondack School (later Ransom Everglades School), established a school in Lake Placid described as, “organized with quarters in the Adirondacks in the summer and in Florida in the winter. The school will furnish a home in which boys may have careful personal attention, the advantages of experienced teachers and wholesome natural outdoor life and amusements.” During this time the school was known variously as Hopkins School, Lake Placid School, and Lake Placid Boys School. Hopkins led the school until 1921 and oversaw its growth from six students to forty. By the time of Hopkins's departure the school was described as being, “...remarkably successful not only in the records of its boys in entrance examinations, but in their after careers in college.”
Herbert L. Malcolm, another Yale graduate, took over leadership of the school in 1921 and served as headmaster until 1925. The school had for years enjoyed a close relationship with the Lake Placid Club, which had been founded by Melvil Dewey, creator of the Dewey Decimal System, in 1895. Many of the students’ families were members of the club and the school utilized club grounds and buildings. In 1925, the Lake Placid Club Education Foundation took over formal control of the school.
This transition brought the arrival of Robert W. Boyden as the school's new headmaster and also marked the end of the school's annual winter migration to Florida in order to, "secure continuity of educational effort and also to enrich the school life by the varied winter sports available for physical development."
1927–1944: Becoming Northwood.
In 1927, Dr. Ira A. Flinner, who received his doctorate from Harvard, was appointed headmaster, a position he would hold until 1951. Early in his tenure the school moved to its present location and adopted a new name, Northwood School. Under Flinner, Northwood continued to expand its physical plant and increase enrollment.
In 1934 Northwood School received its charter by the Regents of the State of New York, and was made a not for profit institution governed by a board of trustees.
1944–45: Hiatus.
In the summer of 1944, the U.S. Army took over control of Northwood's buildings for use as a medical unit within the redeployment center in Lake Placid, NY. The school was closed until the U.S. Army relinquished control of the buildings. In the fall of 1946, Northwood reopened.
1946–1965: Re-opening and changes.
Moreau C. Hunt became headmaster in 1951. John G. Howard took over for him in 1954. Howard brought updates to the school buildings and new courses in public speaking and debate. Under Howard, the school newspaper, "The Mirror", was elevated in stature and became a more formal and regularly released publication.
1965–1997: Continued growth, coeducation.
In 1965, Edward C. Welles became headmaster. He was soon followed by W. John Friedlander in 1967, who served as the school's headmaster until 1996. Friedlander oversaw the school's continued expansion and its transition into a coeducational institution. Female students were first formally enrolled as day students in 1971, and then as boarding students in 1972.
1997–present.
Edward M. Good took over as Northwood's headmaster in 1997. In 2015, Michael J. Maher, former head of Berkshire School, succeeded Good as Northwood's Head of School.

</doc>
<doc id="7020742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020742" title="Varan-TV">
Varan-TV

Varan-TV was a Swedish TV comedy series, broadcast in Sveriges Television for two seasons, the first one in 1997 and the second in 1998. Created by the comedian group Varanteatern. The first season contained six half-hour episodes and the second season eight.
In the first season Varanteatern represented themselves as a "crazy peep-show with more than 400 kg on stage". The episodes were a mixture of sketches played in front of an audience and prerecorded clips. Both of these elements were closely connected, for example:
One person acting in a prerecorded clip which was shown could in the next second appear on the scene set. Some characters could appear repeatedly during an episode and also reappear in other episodes. The second season was composed of different sketches but now without the studio scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="7020745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020745" title="Kamiya Akira">
Kamiya Akira



</doc>
<doc id="7020750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020750" title="Boyaca Department">
Boyaca Department



</doc>
<doc id="7020757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020757" title="List of Alien vs. Predator (franchise) comics">
List of Alien vs. Predator (franchise) comics



</doc>
<doc id="7020760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020760" title="Jeedai">
Jeedai



</doc>
<doc id="7020761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020761" title="Dmitry Semyonov">
Dmitry Semyonov

Dmitriy Semyonov (; born 4 February 1975) is a Russian long-distance runner. He finished sixth in the marathon at the 2006 European Athletics Championships in Gothenburg. He also represented his country at the European Cross Country Championships in 2001 and the IAAF World Half Marathon Championships in 2008.
He won the 10,000 metres national title at the 2001 Russian Athletics Championships, and won the 15K run title at the 2005 Russian Athletics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="7020762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020762" title="Weston A. Price">
Weston A. Price

Weston Andrew Valleau Price (September 6, 1870 – January 23, 1948) was a Canadian dentist known primarily for his theories on the relationship between nutrition, dental health, and physical health. He founded the research institute National Dental Association, which became the research section of the American Dental Association, and was the NDA's chairman from 1914 to 1928.
Price initially did dental research on the relationship between endodontic therapy and pulpless teeth and broader systemic disease, known as focal infection theory, a theory which resulted in many extractions of tonsils and teeth. Focal infection theory fell out of favor in the 1930s and was pushed to the margins of dentistry by the 1950s.
By 1930, Price had shifted his interest to nutrition. In 1939, he published "Nutrition and Physical Degeneration", detailing his global travels studying the diets and nutrition of various cultures. The book concludes that aspects of a modern Western diet (particularly flour, sugar, and modern processed vegetable fats) cause nutritional deficiencies that are a cause of many dental issues and health problems. The dental issues he observed include the proper development of the facial structure (to avoid overcrowding of the teeth) in addition to dental caries. This work received mixed reviews, and continues to be cited today by proponents of many different theories, including controversial dental and nutritional theories.
Early years.
Born in Newburgh, Ontario, Canada, on September 6, 1870, Price graduated from the dental college of the University of Michigan in 1893 and began to practice in Grand Forks, North Dakota. He moved to Cleveland, Ohio, that same year.
Research.
Technology development.
Price conducted research to develop technological solutions to dental diseases. He invented and improved the pyrometer dental furnace for the manufacture of porcelain inlays that included the fusion of metal and porcelain. He researched improvements in producing dental skiagraphs in the early 1900s and developed special instruments for studying the effect of X-rays on cancer. Much of this work was presented at various professional societies in which he had membership. His work with radiographs include pioneering a new radiological technique for studying teeth and using radiographs to analyze endodontically-treated teeth. His 1904 paralleling and bisecting angle techniques would not become popular until the work of Dr. Gordon Fitzgerald of the University of California in the late 1940s. The practice of using radiographs began a new era in dentistry, as dentists could finally see evidence of past dental treatments.
Endodontics and focal infection.
Price spent 25 years of his career performing research on pulpless and endodontically-treated teeth, which supported the theory of focal infection, which held that systemic conditions, including complexion, intestinal disorders, and anemia could be explained by infections in the mouth. This theory held that infected teeth should be treated by dental extraction rather than root canals, to limit the risk of more general illness. His research, based on case reports and animal studies performed on rabbits, claimed to show dramatic improvements after the extraction of teeth with non-vital pulps. Price's research fit into a wider body of testimonials in the dental literature of the 1920s, which contributed to the widespread acceptance of the practice of extracting, rather than endodontically treating, infected teeth. Despite contentions in a 1927 review of Price's work of "faulty bacterial technique" in Price's 1925 publication "Dental Infections and related Degenerative Diseases", Price's publication "Dental Infections, Oral and Systemic" was used as a reference in textbooks and diagnosis guides published in the mid-1930s.
By the 1930s, the theory of focal infection began to be reexamined, and new research shed doubt on the results of previous studies. A 1935 "Journal of the Canadian Dental Association" article called Price radical, while citing his comment in "Dental Infections, Oral and Systemic" of "continually seeing patients suffering more from the inconvenience and difficulties of mastication and nourishment than they did from the lesions from which their physician or dentist had sought to give them relief" as a good reason for the use of tooth extraction to be minimized. One researcher in 1940 noted "practically every investigation dealing with the pulpless teeth made prior to 1936 is invalid in the light of recent studies" and that the research of Price and others suffered from technical limitations and questionable interpretations of results.
Three years after Price died in Santa Monica, California, a special review issue of the "Journal of the American Dental Association" confirmed the shift of standard of care from extraction back to endodontical dentistry. Compared to modern research, Price's studies lacked proper control groups, used excessive doses of bacteria, and had bacterial contamination during teeth extraction, leading to experimental biases.
Nutrition.
Beginning in 1894, Price started to consider diet as the primary factor causing tooth decay. In 1925, he was attracted to calcium metabolism when he became an active student of nutrition. In the early 1930s, Price's research suggested vitamin B and mineral salts were important dietary components to prevent caries.
In 1939, Price published "Nutrition and Physical Degeneration", a book that details a series of ethnographic nutritional studies he performed across diverse cultures, including the Lötschental in Switzerland, Native Americans, Polynesians, Pygmies, and Aborigines, among many others. The research materials include some 15,000 photographs, 4,000 slides, and many filmstrips.
In the book, Price claimed that various diseases endemic to Western cultures of the 1920s and 1930s – from dental caries to tuberculosis – were rarely present in non-Western cultures. He argued that as non-Western groups abandoned indigenous diets and adopted Western patterns of living, they showed increases in typical Western diseases. He concluded that Western methods of commercially preparing and storing foods stripped away vitamins and minerals necessary to prevent these diseases.
The 1939 foreword to the book, written by physical anthropologist Earnest A. Hooton, lauded Price's work for confirming previous research that dental caries were less prevalent in "savages" and attempting to establish the etiology for this difference. In 1940, a review in the "Canadian Medical Association Journal" called the book "a masterpiece of research", comparing Price's impact on nutrition to that of Ivan Pavlov in digestion. In 1950, a review in the journal "The Laryngoscope" said that "Dr. Price might well be called "The Charles Darwin of Nutrition" while describing Price's documentation of his global travel and research in a book. Other reviews were less sympathetic, with the "Scientific Monthly" noting some of his conclusions went "much farther than the observations warrant," criticizing Price's controversial conclusions about morality as "not justified by the evidence presented", and downplaying the significance of his dietary findings. Likewise, a review in the "Journal of the American Medical Association" disagreed with the significance of this nutritional research, noting Price was "observant but not wholly unbiased", and that his approach was "evangelistic rather than scientific."
A 1981 editorial by William T. Jarvis published in "Nutrition Today" was more critical, identifying Price's work as a classic example of the "myth of the healthy savage," which holds that individuals who live in more technologically primitive conditions lead healthier lives than those who live in more modern societies. The review noted that Price's work was limited by a lack of quantitative analysis of the nutrition of the diets studied, and said he overlooked alternative explanations for his observations, such as malnutrition in primitive societies and overindulgence in the Western diet, rather than the diet itself, as a cause for poorer health. The review makes the assertion that Price had a preconceived positive notion about the health of primitive people, which led to data of questionable value and conclusions that ignored important problems known to afflict their societies, such as periodontal disease.
Legacy.
In 1994, George E. Meinig published "Root Canal Cover-up Exposed", which resurrected the outdated studies of Rosenow and Price. Concerns were raised that patients hearing about these studies might view them as new and reliable. A book review in the "Annals of Dentistry" critical of Meinig's book noted Meinig based his ideas entirely on Price's 1923 "Dental Infections, Oral and Systemic", and that Meinig's book suffers from a lack of professional editing, makes unsubstantiated claims, confuses basic terms (such as infection and inflammation), and expands into areas unrelated to the main topic. The review states that Price's work has been well discussed and has not been covered up, and notes that although Price's theories were later supplanted by subsequent research that found endodontic treatment is safe and effective, his focus on the biology of teeth and infection is still relevant in modern dentistry, as some clinicians have placed more emphasis on technology and poorly tested procedures for the treatment of infected teeth.
Price is credited with much of the development of holistic dentistry. The Price-Pottenger Nutrition Foundation (PPNF), a non-profit organization established in 1952, with a membership of 28 dentists as of 2008, maintains an archive of Price's manuscripts and photographs and espouses principles of holistic medicine. The Weston A. Price Foundation was co-founded in 1999 by Sally Fallon and nutritionist Mary G. Enig to disseminate his research.
Controversy.
Stephen Barrett, writing on the Quackwatch website, dismissed holistic dentistry and much of Price's research, writing "Price made a whirlwind tour of primitive areas, examined the natives superficially, and jumped to simplistic conclusions. While extolling their health, he ignored their short life expectancy and high rates of infant mortality, endemic diseases, and malnutrition. While praising their diets for not producing cavities, he ignored the fact that malnourished people don't usually get many cavities." Barrett asserted that dental problems experienced by native peoples resulted from "abuse" of sweet, fatty, and salty food; exposure to new germs; inactivity; and alcoholism, and described Price's studies on bacterial leakage from root canals as "poorly designed". The Foundation has written a rebuttal to Barrett's claims. William T. Jarvis' article "The Myth of the Healthy Savage" states that his work on primitive diets is still widely sourced by dentists who emphasize nutrition, but argues that it had shortcomings that Price overlooked due to a steadfast ideologically motivated adherence to the notion that the modern diet led to physical degeneration.
Selected works.
In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about Weston A. Price, OCLC/WorldCat encompasses roughly 10+ works in 50+ publications in 4 languages and 1,000+ library holdings.

</doc>
<doc id="7020766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020766" title="Spectral Genomics">
Spectral Genomics

Spectral Genomics, Inc. was a technology spin-off company from Baylor College of Medicine, selling aCGH microarrays and related software.
History.
The company was founded in February 2000 by BCM technologies. Spectral licensed technology invented by its founders Alan Bradley, Ph.D., Wei-wen Cai, Ph.D.. The company raised $3.0 million in the first financing round in August 2001. In March 2004 the company raised additional $9.4 million in its second financing round. In March 2005, GE Healthcare became the exclusive distributor for Spectral Genomics's products outside of North America. Spectral Genomics was acquired by PerkinElmer in May 2006, ending GE's distribution agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="7020769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020769" title="Nagai Ichirou">
Nagai Ichirou



</doc>
<doc id="7020773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020773" title="The Terror from the Depths">
The Terror from the Depths

"The Terror from the Depths" is a short story by American writer Fritz Leiber. It is part of the Cthulhu Mythos genre of horror fiction. It was begun in 1937 but not finished until 1975. It was first published in the anthology "The Disciples of Cthulhu" in 1976.
Summary.
The story begins with a note that this manuscript was found inside a container, which was sold at an auction.
The story's narrator is George Reuter Fischer, who was born on April 30, 1912, in Louisville, Kentucky. Fischer's father is a mason and stonecutter, who moves his family to Vulture's Roost, California near Hollywood. There, his father builds a mansion with strange stonecarvings. George, however, is troubled by strange dreams where he's in a tunnel as a blind worm-like being. In one of his nightmares, George realizes he's one of the monsters and, in another dream, he sees himself being eaten by those monsters. George eventually finds a way to prevent these dreams. During a hike with his son one afternoon, Fischer's father is killed after he suddenly falls off a cliff. Years later, when Fischer is attending Miskatonic University, he's forced to leave the college soon after due to a combination of factors including nervousness, homesickness, actual ailment, increased hours of sleep, and sleepwalking.

</doc>
<doc id="7020776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020776" title="Montey python">
Montey python



</doc>
<doc id="7020784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020784" title="Tony Fenton">
Tony Fenton

Tony Fenton (born Anthony James Fagan; 25 March 1961 – 12 March 2015) was an Irish radio presenter and DJ. For 18 years until he left in 2003, he worked with RTÉ 2fm; then joined Today FM in 2004, where he worked until his death 11 years later.
Fenton won Music Broadcaster of the Year at the 2008 PPI Radio Awards. He also appeared on television, including a 2007 guest appearance on "The Panel", plus a four stars from five meal cooked on "The Restaurant".
Fenton was "one of Ireland's favourite pop DJs". Louis Walsh described him as one of "the kings of Irish broadcasting".
Early life.
Fenton grew up in Glasnevin, wanting to become a radio presenter from a young age. Aged deep within his early teens he would listen to the pioneers of commercial radio on stations such as Radio Luxembourg, Radio Caroline and BBC Radio 1.
On completion of his education, Fenton began an apprenticeship as a carpenter in his father's building company. During this time he set up as a mobile DJ with friend Barry Lang doing birthday parties at weekends, their first gig being at the local scout hall. Later, Ian Dempsey joined the duo and they travelled all over Dublin spinning vinyl at various weddings and birthday parties. Fenton noticed an advertisement by his local pirate station Alternative Radio Dublin (ARD) who were searching for some new "jocks".
He was also involved in soccer in his early years, playing alongside Ronnie Whelan at Home Farm.
Career.
In 1979, ARD employed him in his first radio job after a number of approaches. His prominence in local radio led to attention from the more powerful pirate stations. Throughout the early 1980s, Fenton was pursued by Dublin's growing radio industry. During this time he moved from ARD to Sunshine Radio and onto Radio Nova.
In 1985 Fenton returned to Ireland. RTÉ 2fm (then known as Radio 2) had begun in 1979 and were attracted to the vast audience Fenton had amassed while working with the pirates. During his early days with Radio 2 he helped grow the station's audience as presenter of a multitude of different shows throughout the schedule, including "The Hotline".
Fenton left RTÉ 2fm in March 2003 to pursue other interests but, missing the buzz of radio, he joined national independent station Today FM in September 2004. There he was given a new lunchtime show to present. A revamp of the station which took place in November 2006 led to his show being moved to the 14:30 to 16:30 slot.
During his time there he interviewed many famous musicians. He later presented award-winning afternoon show broadcasts from 2.30pm to 4.30pm, Monday to Friday on Today FM, a music-driven show with features including "On This Day". Each day at 15:30, he played a downloadable tune as suggested by listeners. An archive of the chosen songs was then stored online.
Personal life.
Fenton was unmarried. He was a fan of Chelsea and owned an autographed football signed by the team.
In the summer of 2011, Fenton revealed that he had been battling prostate cancer. Just one month after losing his mother to cancer in October 2010, Fenton discovered what turned out to be a malignant melanoma on his leg. Following treatment, the melanoma receded and he was given the all clear in March 2011. The cancer returned in May, however, and Fenton travelled to Germany for surgery. The surgery was a success and Fenton spent the remainder of his six-week break recuperating.
Fenton died on 11 March 2015, a fortnight before his 54th birthday, after succumbing to prostate cancer.
On 12 March 2015, the day after Fenton's death, Today FM's normal programming was subsequently suspended and all the DJs began playing various songs in tribute to Fenton with the National Lunchtime News on Today FM hosting a program where panelists spoke of their memories of Fenton while various nighttime DJs including Colm O'Sullivan and Paul McLoone carried on the tradition of playing the songs that Fenton had enjoyed listening to.
At 2.30 pm exactly on 16 March 2015, the day of his funeral, radio stations across the entire Republic of Ireland played the Aretha Franklin version of "I Say a Little Prayer" as a final mark of respect for Fenton.
On Friday 27 November 2015, "Whole Lotta Live", a CD composed of various sessions where musicians and bands had recorded numerous songs for programs on Today FM with the CD also dedicated to the memory of Fenton with all funds also going to the Irish Cancer Society was launched. That same day, over 100 musicians including members of the Irish bands, Ham Sandwich, The Minutes, Hudson Taylor and Delorentos gathered at Today FM in Dublin and at exactly at 1pm, performed a live version of U2's One in front of staff and personnel associated with Today FM, Newstalk and TXFM that was also broadcast on Today FM.
Awards and nominations.
Fenton received the Music Broadcaster of the Year Award at the 2008 PPI Radio Awards. He was nominated in the category of Best Radio DJ — National at the 2009 &amp; 2010 Meteor Awards. He was inducted into the PPI Radio Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="7020793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020793" title="Special jurisdiction">
Special jurisdiction



</doc>
<doc id="7020797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020797" title="Kogge–Stone adder">
Kogge–Stone adder

In computing, the Kogge–Stone adder (KSA or KS) is a parallel prefix form of carry-lookahead adder. Other parallel prefix adders (PPA) include the "Sklansky adder" (SA), "Brent–Kung adder" (BKA), the "Han–Carlson adder" (HCA), the fastest known variation, the "Lynch–Swartzlander spanning tree adder" (STA), "Knowles adder" (KNA) and "Beaumont-Smith adder" (BSA) (like Sklansky adder (SA), radix-4).
The Kogge–Stone adder takes more area to implement than the Brent–Kung adder, but has a lower fan-out at each stage, which increases performance for typical CMOS process nodes. However, wiring congestion is often a problem for Kogge–Stone adders. The Lynch–Swartzlander design is smaller, has lower fan-out, and does not suffer from wiring congestion; however to be used the process node must support Manchester carry chain implementations. The general problem of optimizing parallel prefix adders is identical to the variable block size, multi level, carry-skip adder optimization problem, a solution of which is found in Thomas Lynch's thesis of 1996.
Design.
Like all carry-lookahead adders, the Kogge-Stone adder internally tracks "generate" and "propagate" bits for spans of bits. We start with 1-bit spans, where a single column in the addition "generates" a carry bit if both inputs are 1 (logical AND), and "propagates" a carry bit if exactly one input is 1 (logical XOR). Then adjacent spans are merged together to produce generate and propagate bits for wider spans.
Merging continues until generate bits are known for all spans "ending at the least significant bit," at which point these may be used as the carry inputs to compute all the sum bits in parallel.
The difference between different carry-lookahead adder designs lies in how the span merging takes place. Most designs use stages, doubling the width of the merged spans at each stage, but they differ in how spans which are not a power of two in size are divided into subspans. The Kogge–Stone design truncates the less-significant spans, and always uses full-width more-significant spans.
Starting with the 1-bit spans, all adjacent spans are merged to produce 2-bit spans. The least-significant span is treated specially: it is merged with the carry in to the addition, and it only produces a generate bit, as no propagation is possible. The next stage, each 2-bit wide span is merged with the preceding 2-bit span to produce a 4-bit span. This is with the exception of the least significant three spans. The least significant span has already been computed, while the next two are merged with the carry in and the previously computed least significant span respectively, producing generate bits for 3- and 4-bit spans including the carry in.
This process repeats, doubling the span widths at each stage, and with simplified computation of least-significant spans, until all of the desired generate bits are known.
Since each span is merged with at most two other spans in the next stage (one more significant and one less significant), fan-out is minimal. However, there is significant wiring congestion; in the second-last stage of a 64-bit adder, the most significant half of the spans to be merged each require separate generate and propagate signals from spans 16 bits away, necessitating 32 horizontal wires across the adder. The final stage is similar; although only generate bits are needed, 32 of them are required to cross the adder.
Examples.
An example of a 4-bit Kogge–Stone adder is shown in the diagram. Each vertical stage produces a "propagate" and a "generate" bit, as shown. The culminating generate bits (the carries) are produced in the last stage (vertically), and these bits are XOR'd with the initial propagate after the input (the red boxes) to produce the sum bits. E.g., the first (least-significant) sum bit is calculated by XORing the propagate in the farthest-right red box (a "1") with the carry-in (a "0"), producing a "1". The second bit is calculated by XORing the propagate in second box from the right (a "0") with C0 (a "0"), producing a "0".
Binary, radix-2, 4-bit.
4-bit Kogge-Stone adder, Radix-2, without Cin on Borland Turbo Basic 1.1:
Binary, radix-2, 4-bit, with Cin.
4-bit Kogge-Stone adder, Radix-2, with Cin:
Binary, radix-2, 8-bit.
8-bit Kogge-Stone adder, radix-2, valency-2:
Binary, radix-4, 4-bit.
4-bit PPA radix-4 (valency-2,3,4) adder (is 4-bit CLA radix-4 (valency-2,3,4) adder and 4-bit Sklansky radix-4 (valency-2,3,4) adder and 4-bit Kogge-Stone radix-4 (valency-2,3,4) adder and 4-bit Beaumont-Smith radix-4 (valency-2,3,4) adder):
Binary, radix-4, 8-bit.
8-bit Kogge-Stone adder, radix-4, valency-2,3,4:
Binary, radix-8, 8-bit.
8-bit radix-8 PPA valency-2,3,4,5,6,7,8 adder (is 8-bit CLA valency-2,3,4,5,6,7,8 adder and 8-bit Sklansky valency-2,3,4,5,6,7,8 adder and 8-bit Kogge-Stone valency-2,3,4,5,6,7,8 adder):
Velocity of Kogge-Stone adders on noninverting Key gates.
The Kogge-Stone adder concept was developed by Peter M. Kogge and Harold S. Stone, who published it in a seminal 1973 paper titled "A Parallel Algorithm for the Efficient Solution of a General Class of Recurrence Equations".
Enhancements.
Enhancements to the original implementation include increasing the radix and sparsity of the adder. The "radix" of the adder refers to how many results from the previous level of computation are used to generate the next one. The original implementation uses radix-2, although it's possible to create radix-4 and higher. Doing so increases the power and delay of each stage, but reduces the number of required stages. In the so-called sparse Kogge–Stone adder (SKA) the "sparsity" of the adder refers to how many carry bits are generated by the carry-tree. Generating every carry bit is called sparsity-1, whereas generating every other is sparsity-2 and every fourth is sparsity-4. The resulting carries are then used as the carry-in inputs for much shorter ripple carry adders or some other adder design, which generates the final sum bits. Increasing sparsity reduces the total needed computation and can reduce the amount of routing congestion.
Above is an example of a Kogge–Stone adder with sparsity-4. Elements eliminated by sparsity shown marked with transparency. As shown, power and area of the carry generation is improved significantly, and routing congestion is substantially reduced. Each generated carry feeds a multiplexer for a carry select adder or the carry-in of a ripple carry adder.
16-bit Kogge-Stone adder valency-2 without Cin:
 P00 = A0 XOR B0 '1dt, S0, dt - type delay time
 G00 = A0 AND B0 '1dt, C0
 P10 = A1 XOR B1 '1dt 
 G10 = A1 AND B1 '1dt
 P20 = A2 XOR B2 '1dt 
 G20 = A2 AND B2 '1dt 
 P30 = A3 XOR B3 '1dt
 G30 = A3 AND B3 '1dt
 P40 = A4 XOR B4 '1dt
 G40 = A4 AND B4 '1dt
 P50 = A5 XOR B5 '1dt 
 G50 = A5 AND B5 '1dt
 P60 = A6 XOR B6 '1dt
 G60 = A6 AND B6 '1dt 
 P70 = A7 XOR B7 '1dt
 G70 = A7 AND B7 '1dt 
 P80 = A8 XOR B8 '1dt
 G80 = A8 AND B8 '1dt 
 P90 = A9 XOR B9 '1dt 
 G90 = A9 AND B9 '1dt
 P100 = A10 XOR B10 '1dt
 G100 = A10 AND B10 '1dt
 P110 = A11 XOR B11 '1dt
 G110 = A11 AND B11 '1dt 
 P120 = A12 XOR B12 '1dt
 G120 = A12 AND B12 '1dt
 P130 = A13 XOR B13 '1dt 
 G130 = A13 AND B13 '1dt
 P140 = A14 XOR B14 '1dt 
 G140 = A14 AND B14 '1dt
 P150 = A15 XOR B15 '1dt 
 G150 = A15 AND B15 '1dt
 G11 = G10 OR P10 AND G00 '3dt, C1
 P21 = P20 AND P10 '2dt
 G21 = G20 OR P20 AND G10 '3dt
 P31 = P30 AND P20 '2dt
 G31 = G30 OR P30 AND G20 '3dt
 P41 = P40 AND P30 '2dt 
 G41 = G40 OR P40 AND G30 '3dt
 P51 = P50 AND P40 '2dt 
 G51 = G50 OR P50 AND G40 '3dt
 P61 = P60 AND P50 '2dt
 G61 = G60 OR P60 AND G50 '3dt
 P71 = P70 AND P60 '2dt
 G71 = G70 OR P70 AND G60 '3dt
 P81 = P80 AND P70 '2dt 
 G81 = G80 OR P80 AND G70 '3dt
 P91 = P90 AND P80 '2dt 
 G91 = G90 OR P90 AND G80 '3dt
 P101 = P100 AND P90 '2dt 
 G101 = G100 OR P100 AND G90 '3dt 
 P111 = P110 AND P100 '2dt 
 G111 = G110 OR P110 AND G100 '3dt
 P121 = P120 AND P110 '2dt
 G121 = G120 OR P120 AND G110 '3dt
 P131 = P130 AND P120 '2dt
 G131 = G130 OR P130 AND G120 '3dt
 P141 = P140 AND P130 '2dt
 G141 = G140 OR P140 AND G130 '3dt
 P151 = P150 AND P140 '2dt
 G151 = G150 OR P150 AND G140 '3dt
 G22 = G21 OR P21 AND G00 '4dt, C2
 G32 = G31 OR P31 AND G11 '5dt, C3
 P42 = P41 AND P21 '3dt
 G42 = G41 OR P41 AND G21 '5dt
 P52 = P51 AND P31 '3dt
 G52 = G51 OR P51 AND G31 '5dt
 P62 = P61 AND P41 '3dt
 G62 = G61 OR P61 AND G41 '5dt
 P72 = P71 AND P51 '3dt
 G72 = G71 OR P71 AND G51 '5dt
 P82 = P81 AND P61 '3dt
 G82 = G81 OR P81 AND G61 '5dt
 P92 = P91 AND P71 '3dt
 G92 = G91 OR P91 AND G71 '5dt
 P102 = P101 AND P81 '3dt
 G102 = G101 OR P101 AND G81 '5dt
 P112 = P111 AND P91 '3dt 
 G112 = G111 OR P111 AND G91 '5dt
 P122 = P121 AND P101 '3dt
 G122 = G121 OR P121 AND G101 '5dt
 P132 = P131 AND P111 '3dt
 G132 = G131 OR P131 AND G111 '5dt
 P142 = P141 AND P121 '3dt
 G142 = G141 OR P141 AND G121 '5dt
 P152 = P151 AND P131 '3dt 
 G152 = G151 OR P151 AND G131 '5dt
 G43 = G42 OR P42 AND G00 '6dt, C4
 G53 = G52 OR P52 AND G11 '6dt, C5
 G63 = G62 OR P62 AND G22 '6dt, C6
 G73 = G72 OR P72 AND G32 '7dt, C7
 P83 = P82 AND P42 '4dt
 G83 = G82 OR P82 AND G42 '7dt
 P93 = P92 AND P52 '4dt
 G93 = G92 OR P92 AND G52 '7dt
 P103 = P102 AND P62 '4dt
 G103 = G102 OR P102 AND G62 '7dt 
 P113 = P112 AND P72 '4dt
 G113 = G112 OR P112 AND G72 '7dt
 P123 = P122 AND P82 '4dt 
 G123 = G122 OR P122 AND G82 '7dt
 P133 = P132 AND P92 '4dt
 G133 = G132 OR P132 AND G92 '7dt
 P143 = P142 AND P102 '4dt
 G143 = G142 OR P142 AND G102 '7dt
 P153 = P152 AND P112 '4dt
 G153 = G152 OR P152 AND G112 '7dt
 G84 = G83 OR P83 AND G00 '8dt, C8
 G94 = G93 OR P93 AND G11 '8dt, C9
 G104 = G103 OR P103 AND G22 '8dt, C10
 G114 = G113 OR P113 AND G32 '8dt, C11
 G124 = G123 OR P123 AND G43 '8dt, C12
 G134 = G133 OR P133 AND G53 '8dt, C13
 G144 = G143 OR P143 AND G63 '8dt, C14
 G154 = G153 OR P153 AND G73 '9dt, C15
 S0 = P00 '1dt
 S1 = P10 XOR G00 '2dt
 S2 = P20 XOR G11 '4dt
 S3 = P30 XOR G22 '5dt
 S4 = P40 XOR G32 '6dt
 S5 = P50 XOR G43 '7dt
 S6 = P60 XOR G53 '7dt
 S7 = P70 XOR G63 '7dt 
 S8 = P80 XOR G73 '8dt
 S9 = P90 XOR G84 '9dt
 S10 = P100 XOR G94 '9dt 
 S11 = P110 XOR G104 '9dt
 S12 = P120 XOR G114 '9dt
 S13 = P130 XOR G124 '9dt
 S14 = P140 XOR G134 '9dt
 S15 = P150 XOR G144 '9dt

</doc>
<doc id="7020798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020798" title="Pittsburgh FM stations">
Pittsburgh FM stations



</doc>
<doc id="7020799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020799" title="Hand tunes">
Hand tunes



</doc>
<doc id="7020801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020801" title="Sally (South Park)">
Sally (South Park)



</doc>
<doc id="7020802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020802" title="The Terryman">
The Terryman



</doc>
<doc id="7020807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020807" title="Croatan Sound">
Croatan Sound

Croatan Sound is an inlet in Dare County, North Carolina. It connects Pamlico Sound with Albemarle Sound, and is bordered to the east by Roanoke Island; Roanoke Sound is on the other side of the island. Its name comes from the Croatan Indians who once inhabited the area. The Croatan Sound is crossed by two bridges, the older William B. Umstead Bridge, and the newer Virginia Dare Memorial Bridge, which carries U.S. Route 64.

</doc>
<doc id="7020808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020808" title="Pittsburgh AM Stations">
Pittsburgh AM Stations



</doc>
<doc id="7020809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020809" title="The Warsman">
The Warsman



</doc>
<doc id="7020811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020811" title="Tonga national cricket team">
Tonga national cricket team

The Tonga national cricket team () is the team that represents the Kingdom of Tonga in international cricket. They became an affiliate member of the International Cricket Council in 2000. They were removed as an affiliate member in June 2014, over their failure to comply with membership requirements and in 2022 a new Tonga international cricket association from Sydney was formed which is working with governing bodies in Tonga and working to develop skills for both countries Tongan heritage players and soon they will play in the East Asia Pacific Cup again.
International competition.
Tonga has taken part in four international tournaments between 2001 and 2005. In 2000 and 2001, they took part in the Pacifica Championship, finishing fourth in 2000, and as runners up in 2001. Their 2001 performance qualified them for the East Asia/Pacific Challenge tournament in 2004, a tournament that formed part of the qualification process for the 2007 World Cup. They lost to Fiji in the final of that tournament, just missing out on progressing to the next stage of qualification. In 2005, they set out on the road to qualification for the 2011 World Cup, playing in the East Asia/Pacific Cricket Cup, they finished fourth in the tournament, ending their hopes of qualification for the World Cup. From 2022 we have a new Tonga international cricket association from Sydney which is working with governing bodies of cricket in Tonga and working alongside them to develop skills in grassroots and domestic level for both country players, and Tonga heritage players in Australia have been part of this team and soon they will play in the East Asia-Pacific Cup again.
Matches.
Below is a record of international matches played in the one-day format by Tonga between 2001 and 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7020814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020814" title="Big Talbot Island">
Big Talbot Island



</doc>
<doc id="7020815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020815" title="Roem–Van Roijen Agreement">
Roem–Van Roijen Agreement

The Roem–Van Roijen Agreement was an agreement made between Indonesian republicans and the Netherlands on 7 May 1949 at the Des Indes Hotel. The name was derived between the two principal negotiators at the meeting; Mohammad Roem and Jan Herman van Roijen. The purpose of the meeting was to iron out outstanding issues prior to Indonesian independence which was to be granted at the Round Table Conference at The Hague later that same year.
Background.
On 19 December 1948, the Dutch made a final effort to gain control of the areas of their former colony of Indonesia, which had declared independence in 1945, that were still under the control of republican forces, by launching a "police action" known as Operation Kraai. Despite the military success of this operation, in which Dutch forces overcame Indonesian fighters and recaptured the whole of Java, including the Indonesian republican capital, Yogyakarta, there was worldwide condemnation, including from the United Nations (UN).
On 31 December, the Dutch agreed to a ceasefire requested by the UN. The United States subsequently put pressure on the Dutch to negotiate with the Indonesian side, including issuing a threat to withhold post-war financial aid. The Dutch agreed. In January 1949, the United Nations Security Council called for the release of the Indonesian leaders captured during the police action and for the Dutch to transfer sovereignty to Indonesia by 1 July 1950. In the face of this pressure the Dutch conceded defeat, and insisted on preliminary discussions with the Indonesian republican government.
Discussions.
Negotiations between the two sides began on 14 April, but reached deadlock after a week, with Dutch delegation leader Jan Herman van Roijen demanding a cessation of guerrilla warfare and agreement to attend the Round Table Conference by the Indonesians before the republican leadership would be allowed to return to Yogyakarta. The head of the Indonesian republican delegation, Mohammad Roem, rejected these demands, and said that the republican leadership must be returned to the capital first. The United States then put pressure on the Indonesian side to accept the Dutch terms, which it did fearing the loss of US support if it refused to do so. One member of the Indonesian delegation, Mohammad Natsir resigned in protest, but the two sides reached agreement on 7 May.
The main points of agreement were:
Aftermath.
In essence, the Dutch had obtained the concessions they sought from the Indonesian side at the time of the deadlock. The release of captured prisoners went ahead, but the Dutch classified people detained after 10 May as criminals, who were therefore not eligible for release. On 18 June, the Emergency Government of the Republic of Indonesia, which had assumed the governmental role following the Dutch attack, ordered republic troops to halt military action, and the final Dutch forces left the Yogyakarta region on 30 June.
On 6 July, republican leaders Sukarno and Hatta returned to the capital. The following week, they resumed the role of government and the cabinet met. In July and August, Indonesian republicans held a series of meetings with the Federal Consultative Assembly, representing the states established in areas controlled by the Dutch, to agree on the form of the independent United States of Indonesia (RIS). The final transfer of sovereignty to the RIS was agreed at the Round Table Conference held at the Hague from 23 August to 2 November 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="7020817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020817" title="Heidi Turner">
Heidi Turner



</doc>
<doc id="7020826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020826" title="John Rutty">
John Rutty

John Rutty (1697–1775) was a Dublin Quaker physician and naturalist born in Melksham, Wiltshire, England. He was the author of many texts including "A methodical synopsis of the Mineral Waters of Ireland" (1757) and "An Essay towards the Natural History of the County of Dublin" (1772). After his death his spiritual diary was published, and the botanist William Henry Harvey named the genus Acanthaceae "Ruttya" after him.
Life.
He was born of Quaker parents on 25 December 1698. After a medical education at the University of Leyden, where he graduated M.D. in 1723 and read a thesis "De Diarrhœa", he settled in Dublin as a physician in 1724. There he practised throughout his life.
Rutty was one of 49 physicians and chirurgeons who declared their public support for the construction of a Publick Bath in Dublin in May 1771 and named Achmet Borumborad as a well qualified individual for carrying such a scheme into existence.
He lived simply and often gave his services to the poor. On 6 April 1775, John Wesley records that he 'visited that venerable man Dr. Rutty.' Rutty then lived in rented rooms at the eastern corner of Boot Lane and Mary's Lane in Dublin.
He died on 27 April 1775, and was buried in a Quaker burial-ground close to St Stephen's Green.
Works.
In 1753, he began to keep a spiritual diary and continued it till December 1774, leaving directions in his will for its publication. The chief ill-doings of which he accuses himself are too great a love for the studies of the materia medica and meteorology, irritability, and excessive enjoyment of food. He deplored these excesses in language which caused Samuel Johnson to laugh.
His first medical book was "An Account of Experiments on Joanna Stephen's Medicine for the Stone", published in London in 1742. He published in Dublin, in 1751, "A History of the Rise and Progress of the People called Quakers in Ireland, from 1653 to 1751", a continuation of a book originally written by Thomas Wight of Cork in 1700; a fourth edition was issued in 1811.
In 1757, he published in London "A Methodical Synopsis of Mineral Waters", a quarto of 658 pages, which gives an account of the chief mineral springs of the British Isles and of Europe. He had thrown doubt on some statements of Charles Lucas in his account of the spa of Lisdoonvarna, County Clare, and Lucas issued a general attack on the book.
He published in Dublin, in 1762, a tract called 'The Analysis of Milk', and in 1770 'The Weather and Seasons in Dublin for Forty Years', which mentions the prevalent diseases throughout that period. In 1772 he published "A Natural History of the County of Dublin" in two volumes. His last work was published at Rotterdam in 1775: it was a Latin treatise on drugs, titled "Materia Medica Antiqua et Nova". It had occupied him for forty years.

</doc>
<doc id="7020828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020828" title="List of AM stations in Philadelphia">
List of AM stations in Philadelphia



</doc>
<doc id="7020833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020833" title="Rutty">
Rutty



</doc>
<doc id="7020841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020841" title="Arthur Lucan">
Arthur Lucan

Arthur Lucan (born Arthur Towle; 16 September 1885 – 17 May 1954) was an English actor who performed the drag act Old Mother Riley on stage, radio and screen, with a series of comedy films from the late 1930s to the early 1950s.
Early life.
Lucan was born on 16 September 1885 in Sibsey, Lincolnshire, as Arthur Towle, the third of seven children born to Tom Towle, a groom, and his wife, Lucy Ann Mawer. When he was five years old, the family moved to nearby Boston, Lincolnshire, where Arthur later made his first acting appearance at the town's Shodfriars Hall. After leaving school, he left home to pursue a career in music hall. He gained a job with a family troupe called the "Musical Cliftons", and later as sidekick to a comedian called Will Pepper.
Career and marriage.
Arthur was appearing in Dublin when he met and married the 16-year-old Kitty McShane in 1913. The couple had one son, Donald Daniel Towle (2 October 1915, Dublin 10 February 1975, Par, Cornwall), and became a successful double act. They achieved some success with a sketch called "Bridget's Night Out". For this he first wore drag, and began to develop the character of Old Mother Riley. Whilst in Dublin, he changed his name to Lucan, and they continued to perform as 'Lucan and McShane'. The act was featured in the 1934 Royal Command Performance at the London Palladium, the most prestigious engagement of its time.
After the Royal Command Performance, there followed a film career, a radio series and even a strip cartoon in the "Radio Times" and "Film Fun". In all, Arthur Lucan made 17 films as Old Mother Riley. In 1943, the "Motion Picture Herald" voted him the sixth biggest "money-making star" in British films. However, his marriage proved to be a volatile union, and Lucan and McShane separated in 1951.
Death.
Lucan, as 'Old Mother Riley' was last seen on stage at the Theatre Royal, Barnsley on 14 May 1954 in a stage adaptation of "Old Mother Riley in Paris" as part of his national theatre and music hall tour. Lucan died, aged 68, at the Tivoli Theatre, Hull on Monday, 17 May 1954. Ellis Aston was the first on stage to compere the forthcoming show. But Lucan had collapsed in the wings and died shortly afterwards in his dressing room.
Legacy.
The site of his death now houses a bakery and cafe, where there is a memorial bust of Arthur Lucan, together with various memorabilia from his career. He is buried in Hull's Eastern Cemetery.
Following his death, Lucan's understudy Roy Rolland took on the role of Old Mother Riley, performing with Kitty McShane until her death in 1964, before then performing solo in cabaret, pantomime, theatre variety shows and summer seasons, until the 1980s when he retired.
In 1982, Alan Plater wrote a play, "On Your Way, Riley", about the life of Arthur Lucan, with songs by Alex Glasgow. This was also broadcast on ITV in 1985 with Brian Murphy and Maureen Lipman in the leading roles.
A Greater London Council blue plaque, unveiled in 1978, commemorates Lucan at his home, 11 Forty Lane in Wembley.
Lucan was a member of the Savage Club. In recent years, the club has held "Old Mother Riley" evenings, as a tribute to Lucan's talent.
There is a comedic line of descent from Old Mother Riley to Brendan O'Carroll's character and programme "Mrs. Brown's Boys": "She was a larger than life character who's noisy, over the top, always getting into scrapes." Berwick Kaler's Dame in the York Theatre Royal pantomime has also been likened to Old Mother Riley. 
Filmography.
Actor (and writer where stated) 

</doc>
<doc id="7020842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020842" title="Mass Party">
Mass Party

The Mass Party was a political party of Thailand's People's Alliance for Democracy (PAD). Its main goal was campaigning against Thaksinomics.
Origins.
In May 2006, PAD leaders established the Mass Party. Somkiat Pongpaiboon, party co-founder, claimed that "Our objective is to campaign against Thaksinomics." The mass party arose historically in opposition to the established élite or caucus-party system of the 18th to 19th centuries, representing the antithesis of the caucus party. The party unconventionally planned not to field MP candidates for the first five years, with Somkiat claiming that "If we field MP candidates, we will be trapped in vicious circles of money politics." Other party co-founders included the former Palang Dharma Party leader, Chaiwat Sinsuwong, and the Campaign for Popular Democracy's, Pipob Thongchai. In 2009 PAD formed a new party called New Politics Party.

</doc>
<doc id="7020843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020843" title="List of ship commissionings in 2001">
List of ship commissionings in 2001

The list of ship commissionings in 2001 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="7020845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020845" title="List of radio stations in the Philadelphia market">
List of radio stations in the Philadelphia market



</doc>
<doc id="7020848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020848" title="John rutty">
John rutty



</doc>
<doc id="7020850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020850" title="Royal Rumble for the Kinniku Throne">
Royal Rumble for the Kinniku Throne



</doc>
<doc id="7020859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020859" title="Arsenius Matseyevich">
Arsenius Matseyevich

Metropolitan Arsenius (secular name Alexander Ioannovich Matsieyevich, ; 1697, Volodymyr – 28 February 1772, Reval) was bishop of the Russian Orthodox Church, metropolitan of Rostov and Yaroslavl who protested against the confiscation of the church's land by Empress Catherine II in 1764. He was deprived of his office and was imprisoned in a fortress until his death.
He was canonized in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="7020860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020860" title="Morf">
Morf



</doc>
<doc id="7020861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020861" title="Bermuda Scout Association">
Bermuda Scout Association

The Scout Association of Bermuda is a branch of The Scout Association of the United Kingdom as Bermuda is a British Overseas Territory. The Bermudian Scout Oath and Law, as well as other Scouting requirements, closely follow that of the United Kingdom. Program activities are taken from the British system but adapted to the local conditions. Leader training including for the Wood Badge is conducted with the help of British and other nearby Scout organizations. Bermuda Scouts participate in camps and events and a contingent has been fielded to World Scout Jamborees. The Bermuda Scout emblem incorporates elements of the coat of arms of Bermuda. The Scout Association of Bermuda is governed by a Chief Scout and a Chief Commissioner appointed by The Scout Association and an executive committee. In June 2021, Rena Lalgie , Governor of Bermuda was appointed Chief Scout. In March 2012, Dr. Geoffrey Rothwell was named Chief Commissioner.
Programmes and activities.
Beaver Scout, Cub Scout, Scout and Explorer Scout programmes are offered. Bermuda Scouts in recent years have attended Scout summer camps in the United Kingdom as well as Pennsylvania and North Carolina in the United States as well as the World Jamboree in Japan in 2015, and West Virginia USA in 2019. Visiting troops from the Boy Scouts of America and Scouts Canada have also been hosted at the association's Admiral House facility and other campsites around Bermuda.
An association-wide annual event is a weekend Island Jamboree. Past events have included the "Budding Chef" activity, when Scouts compete in cooking skills.
Another island-wide annual event is the observance of Saint George's Day in April, honoring the patron saint of the Scouting movement. As in the United Kingdom, troops participate in a parade. In Bermuda this is on Front Street in Hamilton on the nearest Sunday to April 23 and attend a Scout service at one of Bermuda's churches, where a message from the Chief Scout is read and the Scout Hymn is sung. A "renewal of promise" then takes place where the Scouts renew the "Scout's Promise" made at joining and at all Scout meetings.
History.
Following the formation of The Boy Scouts Association in United Kingdom in 1910 and the grant of a royal charter of incorporation in 1912, Scouting began in Bermuda. The Governor of Bermuda became The Boy Scouts Association's Chief Scout of Bermuda.
The Boy Scouts Association's founder and Chief Scout, Robert Baden-Powell and his wife, Olave Baden-Powell, a Girl Guide leader, visited Bermuda in 1930. Olave visited again in 1951 and 1954.
The British contingent to the 14th World Scout Jamboree in 1975, led by Robert Baden-Powell, 3rd Baron Baden-Powell, included Scouts from Branches in Bermuda, Hong Kong and Rhodesia.
In 1993, the instrumental role of the Scout Association of Bermuda and Girlguiding Bermuda in developing many of the islands prominent leaders was recognised by the Bank of Bermuda Centennial Trust. 
In 2004, Bermuda's Scouts participated in a walk to raise money for the victims of Hurricane Ivan in the Caribbean. The Category 5 storm caused extensive in Grenada, Jamaica, Grand Cayman, and Cuba.
In 2006, five Bermuda Scouts travelled to Romania to work on a housing project for the impoverished people there, as part of a Bermuda Overseas Missions and Habitat for Humanity International joint effort.
To commemorate the 100th anniversary of Scouting, the Bermuda Post Office issued a series of six "Scouting 2007 commemorative stamps," including scenes of Baden-Powell's visit to Bermuda in February, 1930. The stamps show Scouting's founder inspecting Wolf Cubs on Front Street in Hamilton and reviewing Boy Scouts on parade there.

</doc>
<doc id="7020865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020865" title="The Bushwackers">
The Bushwackers



</doc>
<doc id="7020867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020867" title="Arseni Matseevich">
Arseni Matseevich



</doc>
<doc id="7020868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020868" title="Alberto Chaíça">
Alberto Chaíça

Alberto Chaíça (born 17 September 1973, Caparica) is a Portuguese long-distance runner.
His best result to date has been a finish in 4th place in the marathon at the 2003 World Championships in Athletics in Paris. He competed in the marathon at the 2004 Olympics finishing 8th. He also finished 8th in the marathon at the 2006 European Athletics Championships in Gothenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="7020878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020878" title="Alberto Chaica">
Alberto Chaica



</doc>
<doc id="7020881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020881" title="Scouting and Guiding on Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha">
Scouting and Guiding on Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha

Scouting and Guiding in Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha is administered by the United Kingdom Scout Association and Girlguiding UK, due to Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha's affiliations as a British Overseas Territory.
History.
Scouting was established on Saint Helena island in 1912. Scouting was established on Ascension Island in November 1973.
Lord and Lady Baden-Powell visited the Scouts on Saint Helena on the return from their 1937 tour of Africa. The visit is described in Lord Baden-Powell's book entitled "African Adventures".
Scouting.
There are four groups on the two most populated islands (Saint Helena and Ascension Island) that are administered as part of The Scout Association's "British Scouting Overseas":
Although the programme activities are taken from the British system, Saint Helena and Ascension Island Scouting is geared to the local way of life. Training for Wood Badge and leader training are conducted with the help of British and nearby affiliated Scout associations. Saint Helena and Ascension Island Scouts participate in numerous camps and events.
The Helenian and Ascension Scout Oath and Law, as well as other Scouting requirements, are the same as those of the United Kingdom.
Girl Guiding.
Girlguiding Saint Helena (formerly the "Saint Helena Girl Guide Association") is a Guiding organization in Saint Helena and Ascension Island. It is one of the nine branch associations of Girlguiding UK. It is represented by Girlguiding UK at World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) level and Girlguiding UK's Chief Guide is also Chief Guide for Girlguiding Saint Helena.
In 2008, there were about 70 Girl Guides on Saint Helena.
The programme is a modified form of Guiding in the United Kingdom, adapted to suit local conditions, with the same promise, and Rainbow, Brownie, Guide and Ranger groups.

</doc>
<doc id="7020883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020883" title="Criminal conviction">
Criminal conviction



</doc>
<doc id="7020888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020888" title="Affine action">
Affine action

Let formula_1 be the Weyl group of a semisimple Lie algebra formula_2 (associate to fixed choice of a Cartan subalgebra formula_3). Assume that a set of simple roots in formula_4 is chosen.
The affine action (also called the "dot action") of the Weyl group on the space formula_4 is
where formula_7 is the sum of all fundamental weights, or, equivalently, the half of the sum of all positive roots.

</doc>
<doc id="7020889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020889" title="Neve She'anan">
Neve She'anan



</doc>
<doc id="7020892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020892" title="Neve Sheanan">
Neve Sheanan



</doc>
<doc id="7020894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020894" title="Scouting and Guiding in the Falkland Islands">
Scouting and Guiding in the Falkland Islands

Scouting and Guiding in the Falkland Islands are served by a part of the Scout Association and a branch of Girlguiding UK, due to the Falkland Islands' affiliation as an Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom.
Scouting.
Scouting on the Falkland Islands started in 1984 when the "1st Falkland Islands Scout Group" was established by Staff Sergeant Ian Roberts of the British Army. There is also an Explorer Scout Unit, the "Falkland Islands Explorer Scout Unit". Both groups are administered as part of The Scout Association's "British Scouting Overseas".
The Falkland Scout Oath and Law, as well as other Scouting requirements, are the same as those of the United Kingdom.
Although the program activities are taken from the British system, Falkland Scouting is geared to the local way of life. Training for Wood Badge and leader training are conducted with the help of British and nearby affiliated Scout associations. Falkland Scouts participate in numerous camps and events.
Girl Guiding.
Girlguiding Falkland Islands (formerly "The Falkland Islands Girl Guide Association") is a Guiding organization in the Falkland Islands. It is one of the nine branch associations of Girlguiding UK. It is represented by Girlguiding UK at World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) level and Girlguiding UK's Chief Guide is also Chief Guide for Falkland Islands Girlguiding.
The program is a modified form of Guiding in the United Kingdom, adapted to suit local conditions, with the same promise, and Rainbow, Brownie, Guide and Senior Guide groups.

</doc>
<doc id="7020910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020910" title="Villa Pigneto del Marchese Sacchetti">
Villa Pigneto del Marchese Sacchetti

The Villa Pigneto or Sacchetti, or also the Casino al Pigneto del Marchese Sacchetti was a villa in Rome, Italy, designed by the Baroque artist Pietro da Cortona. A second, plainer, Villa Sacchetti, now called Villa Chigi, is found at Castelfusano near Ostia and also was decorated (if not designed) by Cortona.
The Roman villa was an elaborately decorated suburban casino or (lodge), that stood only for some decades after completion in 1630, just at the then-outskirts of Rome (now Pigneto Sacchetti train stop) at the foot of Monte Mario. From the top rampart of the garden entrance, one should have been able to glimpse above the surrounding pine forest ("pigneto") the domes of St Peter's Basilica and central Rome.
As the name casino implies, this was a "pleasure house", a lodge where notables could take refuge from the crowded Rome. The villa suburbana was commissioned by the Florentine Marchese , papal treasurer of the profligate Barberini Pope Urban VIII. Other members of this family benefited for a few decades from association with the pope, including his brother Giulio, named cardinal, and another brother, named general of papal armies. Cortona, a fellow Tuscan, designed the villa for his long-time patron.
We can only reconstruct the villa from etchings, paintings, plans, and scant architectural ruins left, although the findings generally agree. The effort was the fruit of one of Cortona's first architectural designs. The house was built on a high plinth on a hillside. The favored garden approach had three tiers, not unlike Vignola's Villa Giulia from the previous century; daring symmetric flights of stairs gave drama to the entrance and flanked a large basin-fountain with cascading waters and a nymphaeum. Atop a three-story pavilion with lower forward-thrusting wings. The concave forward embrace of the wings is reinforced by the central exedra, which recalls the Cortile del Belvedere (Cortile della Pigna) in the Vatican. Unlike the Villa Giulia and the Belvedere, the facade is elaborately decorated. Statuary, in a style reminiscent of Palladio's Palazzo Chiericati (1550) at Vicenza, crenelates the skyline. In a model to be repeated by Cortona's never-implemented plans for Palazzo Chigi in Rome and later by the Trevi Fountain, this palace integrates the fountains into the entrance.
Within 50 years, the Sacchettis and Barberini fell out of favor, the palace fell in great disrepair, and soon became a ruin. The villa also had its contemporary critics; Bernini likened the structure to a "Christmas crib" (Presepio) In the middle of the 19th century, the site was sold by the surviving Sacchettis, and the remaining structure razed. It was, for its day a daring design, which influenced other baroque creations. Today, the area is a park ("Pineto").

</doc>
<doc id="7020914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020914" title="The Moving Sidewalks 'Flash'">
The Moving Sidewalks 'Flash'



</doc>
<doc id="7020920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020920" title="Walter Thornton">
Walter Thornton

Walter Miller Thornton (February 18, 1875 – July 14, 1960) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher who played from 1895 through 1898 for the Chicago Colts / Orphans.
A skilled athlete who excelled in baseball, Thornton pitched Snohomish, Washington, to the state's amateur championship in 1893. In the spring of 1895, two Cornell College graduates who owned the "Snohomish Tribune" arranged a scholarship for Thornton to attend Cornell. He dominated the college competition and was invited to a tryout with the Chicago Colts (later the Chicago Cubs) National League baseball team. He made his major league debut on July 1, 1895, while still enrolled at Cornell.
He pitched a no-hitter on August 21, 1898 against the Brooklyn Bridegrooms, a 2-0 victory. In 1896, Thornton married a Cornell teacher, Sarah Andrews, director of the School of Oratory and Physical Culture. She was 26, he was 21. After a salary dispute ended his major league baseball career, the Thorntons returned to the Pacific Northwest, where Walter played semi-pro ball and worked in Everett, Washington. In 1901, Thornton compiled what is arguably the county's best baseball team. The Everett semi-pro team won its first 27 games and shut out professional teams from Spokane, Seattle and Tacoma.
In 1910, an evangelist named Billy Sunday, a former professional baseball player for the Chicago White Stockings and the Pittsburgh Alleghenys, brought a six-week religious campaign to Everett. Thornton became a lifelong follower of Sunday and his religious teachings. He later moved to Los Angeles in the 1920s, after Sarah's death, to become a street preacher and help the poor. In July 1960, Thornton died in a Los Angeles hotel, and was cremated.

</doc>
<doc id="7020921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020921" title="Prince Leopold of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha">
Prince Leopold of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha

Prince Leopold Franz Julius of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (31 January 1824 – 20 May 1884) was a German prince of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha-Koháry.
Early life.
Born "Prince Leopold Franz Julius of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld, Duke in Saxony" on 31 January 1824, he was the third son of Ferdinand, Prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha-Koháry and Princess Maria Antonia Koháry de Csábrág et Szitnya.
Leopold was a younger son and was unlikely to inherit titles or land, so he entered the Army in the service of the Austrian Empire. At one point, Leopold was considered as a potential husband for Isabel II of Spain. This did not, however, prove to be realistic, given the resistance of France and other European powers. Spain had been the scene of Great Power rivalry throughout the period since 1815 and all the Great Powers were seeking to exert their influence by supporting different candidates. The Saxe-Coburg family was perceived to be too closely linked with British interests. The Coburg influence extended widely. In Great Britain, Queen Victoria and her husband Prince Albert were Leopold's first cousins, while Leopold I of Belgium was Leopold's paternal and Victoria's maternal uncle, and Leopold's brother was King Ferdinand II of Portugal, husband of Queen Maria II of Portugal. Leopold's candidature in the Affair of the Spanish Marriages was used by France as the excuse to negotiate the hasty marriage between Queen Isabella II of Spain and her cousin Francis of Spain at the same time as that between the son of Louis Philippe and the Queen of Spain's younger sister.
Marriage and later life.
Later, Leopold met Constanze Geiger, a common woman. They had a son, Franz, in Vienna on 12 October 1860. Leopold and Constanze married six months later on 23 April 1861. Immediately, he recognized his son, who was created "Freiherr von Ruttenstein" on 24 July 1862. That same day, Constanze was created "Freifrau von Ruttenstein" in her own right. Because the marriage of his parents was unequal (and thus morganatic), Franz was barred from the succession of Koháry and Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Regardless, he died childless and unmarried on 29 August 1899.
Burial.
Leopold is buried in the ducal mausoleum at "", Coburg.

</doc>
<doc id="7020924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020924" title="Caisses populaires acadiennes">
Caisses populaires acadiennes



</doc>
<doc id="7020926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020926" title="Tenby Lifeboat Station">
Tenby Lifeboat Station

Tenby Lifeboat Station is a lifeboat station in Tenby, Pembrokeshire, Wales that has been situated to the east of the town since 1852, three generations having been built; the original and updates in 1905 and 2005. The station currently houses two lifeboats.
The lifeboat is 16-02 "Haydn Miller" (ON 1282), named after the farmer who left £3M to the RNLI in his will. The inshore lifeboat is called "Kathleen Ann" (D-858).
History.
The station was established in 1852, by The Shipwrecked Fishermen and Mariners' Royal Benevolent Society. The Society still exists, but its Tenby lifeboat activity was taken over in 1854 by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution and the first RNLI boathouse was built on the town's castle beach in 1862. Six RNLI silver medals were awarded for coastal rescues from the station in the 19th century.
A difficulty with launching from the harbour site was the shallow angle of the underlying geological strata. The sand beaches at Tenby were a hazard due to the speed of the tide, and an obstacle to overcome while dragging a 2-ton lifeboat from the harbour. When in 1905 the boat was replaced with a larger and heavier one, a new boathouse and roller slipway were built on the north side of Castle Hill. It was constructed using the new screw-piles that had been created for the foundations in deep sand of Victorian era pleasure piers. The lifeboat was then usable in all weathers and states of tide. It later became a public access way, with the ferry boat to Caldey Island using the slipway as a disembarkation point for tourists. Due to the legal status of foreshore in the UK, the ground on which these lifeboat stations are built has been leased from the Crown Estate.
In 1923, the first motor-powered lifeboat came on station. The lifeboat operated throughout World War II, in part due to the three squadrons of Royal Air Force Short Sunderland flying boats operating from Milford Haven. In 1952 the station was awarded an RNLI Vellum for 100 years of service.
1972-onwards: dual-boat station.
From 1972, the station became a dual-boat station with an inshore lifeboat stationed within Tenby Harbour. In 1976, a new ILB boathouse was built on the north side of the harbour to house the boat and a tractor. On 6 September 1986, the lifeboat "RFA Sir Galahad" came on station. Named after the Royal Fleet Auxiliary which was sunk subsequent to being damaged during the Falklands War, it became the last boat to use the original boathouse. By the time the station was awarded its 150 years Vellum by the RNLI in 2002, another new lifeboat house was planned.
Having obtained an extended lease from the Crown Estate, the RNLI obtained planning permission from the council to build a new lifeboat station on the site of the demolished Victorian era pleasure pier. Due to access restrictions via the North Castle cliff, the £5.5million lifeboat station was built from the sea. Only a supply of concrete was approved to be transported by road through the town. Construction, commissioning works and acceptance were completed in March 2005.
Tenby received the first of the new lifeboats, the "Haydn Miller", which came on station for training in March 2006. While the crew were still under training, the boat had a successful callout in April 2006. .
After being refused planning permission to demolish the old Grade II listed lifeboat station, which had been extended twice to accommodate larger lifeboats, the RNLI eventually sold it into private hands. The new owner agreed the purchase of the freehold from the Crown Estate, and converted it into a four bedroom property. Development of the property was covered by Channel 4 for an episode of "Grand Designs", and finished in 2011.
In early 2022, the RNLI received planning permission for the 1905 Grade II Listed former RNLI All-Weather Lifeboat House on Castle Beach, to be converted into a new home for the Tenby Inshore Lifeboat, with crew facilities.
The lifeboat is 16-02 "Haydn Miller" (ON 1282), named after the farmer who left £3M to the RNLI in his will. The inshore lifeboat is called "Kathleen Ann" (D-858).
The building was reopened on the 8 October 2022, at the same time as the naming ceremony of the new Inshore Lifeboat "Kathleen Ann" (D-858)
Visitor access.
This station is classed as an "Explore" lifeboat station by the RNLI, aiming to offer their best visitor experience. When the boats are not on call, the station offers free access in the summer months, and pre-booked tours in the winter. Visitors can go inside and look around, see the lifeboat and visit the RNLI gift shop.
Awards.
The following are awards made at Tenby.
Roll of Honour.
In memory of those lost whilst serving Tenby lifeboat.

</doc>
<doc id="7020927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020927" title="Rounin (TV Series)">
Rounin (TV Series)



</doc>
<doc id="7020935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020935" title="The Scout Association of Gibraltar">
The Scout Association of Gibraltar



</doc>
<doc id="7020936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020936" title="Kevin Frank">
Kevin Frank

Kevin Walter Frank (born January 13, 1957) is a Canadian actor, comedian, musician, director, television host and writer. He is best known as the host of television game shows "The Next Line", "Kidstreet" and "Pet Project".
Outside of acting, Frank is also works as a musician playing drums with his improv comedy music group, Glendale One.
Personal life.
Frank resides in Toronto, Ontario, Canada with his partner and their two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="7020944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020944" title="Niklas Sandberg (Swedish footballer)">
Niklas Sandberg (Swedish footballer)

Niklas Sandberg (born 3 September 1978) is a retired Swedish centre-back who last played for Swedish Superettan club Brage.
He started his career in the Swedish top flight in AIK in 1996 but only played two games during two years. After a spell at Helsingborg he returned to Stockholm in 2001 to play at FC Café Opera. He played there for three years and then returned to AIK in 2004. In May 2007 he was traded to Romanian first league side CFR Cluj, becoming the first Swedish footballer ever to play in Liga 1.
Sandberg is tall and powerfully built, and thus physically strong and tough to beat in the air. He reads the game well and is a decent passer. Thus, he can also play as a defensive midfielder.
In December 2009, Niklas Sandberg approached Singapore's S League champions, SAFFC on his own accord and eventually signed for them. SAFFC has qualified for the 2010 AFC Champions League Group Stages and this would make Sandberg a player who has played in both UEFA and AFC Champions League in his entire career thus far.
Career highlights.
Sandberg was capped twice by Sweden (2007). He played for Swedish AIK Stockholm from 1996 to 1998, and 2004 to 2007. Played in 1997 Uefa Cup Winners Cup quarter-final against FC Barcelona. Won Romania League title (2007–08) and Norway League title (2008) with CFR 1907 Cluj and Stabaek.

</doc>
<doc id="7020947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020947" title="The Scout Association of Montserrat">
The Scout Association of Montserrat



</doc>
<doc id="7020948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020948" title="Vincent Francis Doyle">
Vincent Francis Doyle



</doc>
<doc id="7020959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020959" title="Sefer Hekhalot">
Sefer Hekhalot



</doc>
<doc id="7020962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020962" title="Sensory phenomena">
Sensory phenomena

Sensory phenomena are general feelings, urges or bodily sensations. They are present in many conditions including autism spectrum disorders, epilepsy, neuropathy, obsessive–compulsive disorder, pain conditions, tardive syndromes, and tic disorders.
In tic disorders.
Sensory phenomena are associated with Tourette syndrome and tic disorders, and defined as "uncomfortable feelings or sensations preceding tics that usually are relieved by the movement". The tics of Tourette's are temporarily suppressible and preceded by a premonitory urge which is similar to the need to sneeze or scratch an itch. Individuals describe the need to tic as the buildup of tension in a particular anatomical location, which they may consciously choose to release, or which is released involuntarily. The presence of sensory phenomena differentiates subjects with Tourette syndrome plus obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) from subjects with OCD alone, and may be an important measure for grouping patients along the OCD-Tourette's disorder spectrum.

</doc>
<doc id="7020967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020967" title="Scouting and Guiding in the Turks and Caicos Islands">
Scouting and Guiding in the Turks and Caicos Islands

Scouting and Guiding in the Turks and Caicos Islands exist as branches of the parent organisations in the United Kingdom.
The Scout Association of the Turks and Caicos.
The Scout Association of The Turks and Caicos operates as a branch of the United Kingdom Scout Association, due to the Turks and Caicos Islands' affiliation as a British Overseas Territory. The Turks and Caicos Scout Oath and Law, as well as other Scouting requirements, closely follow that of the United Kingdom.
Although the program activities are taken from the British system, Turks and Caicos Scouting is geared to the local way of life. Training for Wood Badge and leader training are conducted with the help of British and nearby affiliated Scout associations. Turks and Caicos Scouts participate in numerous camps and events.
Turks and Caicos Girlguiding.
Turks and Caicos Girlguiding (formerly "The Turks and Caicos Girl Guide Association") is a Guiding organization in the Turks and Caicos Islands. It is one of the nine branch associations of Girlguiding UK. It is represented by Girlguiding UK at World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) level and Girlguiding UK's Chief Guide is also Chief Guide for Turks and Caicos Girlguiding. Turks and Caicos Girlguiding is part of the Caribbean Link for Guiding.
The program is a modified form of Guiding in the United Kingdom, adapted to suit local conditions, with the same promise, and Rainbow, Brownie, Guide and Ranger groups.

</doc>
<doc id="7020969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020969" title="Ruck Zuck (Game Show)">
Ruck Zuck (Game Show)



</doc>
<doc id="7020976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020976" title="Viktor Kuznyetsov">
Viktor Kuznyetsov

Viktor Andriyovych Kuznyetsov (; born 17 July 1986 in Zaporizhia) is a Ukrainian long jumper and triple jumper.
Career.
As a teenager he won the bronze medal in the triple jump at the 2004 World Junior Championships in a personal best of 16.58 metres. He had 16.84 metres on the indoor track, from February 2004 in Kyiv. He also had 8.12 metres in the long jump, achieved in December 2003 in Brovary. He improved to 8.22 metres in January 2005 in Brovary.
In 2006 he finished fourth in the long jump at the 2006 European Athletics Championships in Gothenburg, with an outdoor personal best of 7.96 meters. He finished seventh in the triple jump at the 2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships with a new personal indoor best of 16.92 meters. In the summer he improved to 16.94 metres, as he won the silver medal at the 2007 Summer Universiade. In 2008 he improved further to 17.16 metres, achieved in June in Yalta. He competed in the triple jump at the 2008 Olympic Games, finishing eighth.
In 2009 he finally broke the 8-metre barrier outdoors, with an 8.09 metre jump in June in Yalta. He finished eighth in the 2009 European Team Championships Super League meet in Leiria, and competed at the 2009 World Championships without reaching the final. In the 2009–10 indoor season he again jumped better than his outdoor personal best, with 8.11 metres in February 2010 in Sumy.
In summer 2010 he won the gold medal at the 2010 European Team Championships Super League meet in Bergen with an outdoor personal best of 17.26 meters. Then he finished fourth in the triple jump at the 2010 European Athletics Championships in Barcelona, with 17.29 meters, a personal best by three centimeters.

</doc>
<doc id="7020982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020982" title="Fractional Factorial Designs">
Fractional Factorial Designs



</doc>
<doc id="7020991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020991" title="Julien Stanley Wise">
Julien Stanley Wise



</doc>
<doc id="7020995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7020995" title="Kinnikuman Soldier">
Kinnikuman Soldier



</doc>
<doc id="7021002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021002" title="Kinniku Ataru">
Kinniku Ataru



</doc>
<doc id="7021004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021004" title="The Hedley Kow">
The Hedley Kow

"The Hedley Kow" is an English fairy tale, particular to the village of Hedley on the Hill in Northumberland. It was collected by Joseph Jacobs in "More English Fairy Tales" in 1894. The story concerns a shapeshifting trickster known as the Hedley Kow.
Synopsis.
A poor woman finds a pot on the road. She thinks it must have a hole for it to be discarded, but optimistically decides she might find a use for it as a flowerpot. Looking inside she discovers it is full of gold pieces, and decides to drag it home in her shawl. She drags it for a while, but when she looks back, the pot has become a lump of silver. She decides this is better than gold, as it is less likely to be stolen, and goes on. After a time she turns back again, to find the silver has turned into a chunk of iron. She observes this will be easier to sell, and that the penny pieces it will bring would be safer than either gold or silver. She goes on again, and when she turns back a third time, the iron has become a rock. She exclaims how convenient this will be as a doorstop, and happily goes home.
When she reaches her home, the rock transforms again, revealing itself to be the Hedley Kow, a mischievous shapeshifting creature. The creature trots off laughing, leaving the woman staring after it. She proclaims that it was quite a thing to have seen the Hedley Kow for herself, and goes inside to think about her good luck.
Commentary.
The Hedley Kow was a kind of elf noted for its mischievous habits of shapeshifting. Similar creatures include the Brag, also from Northumberland, and the Dutch "Kludde" and "Oschaert". However, the old woman's equanimity in face of the creature's changes distinguishes this tale.
The German fairy tale "Hans in Luck" has a similar sequence in which the character believes that every change is for the better. The Hedley Kow is likewise catalogued under ATU 1415 Lucky Hans.

</doc>
<doc id="7021007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021007" title="Sam Young (American football)">
Sam Young (American football)

Sam Young (born June 24, 1987) is an American former professional football offensive tackle who played 10 seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the sixth round of the 2010 NFL draft, and played college football at the University of Notre Dame.
Young played for six different teams during his NFL career, where he was primarily a backup. He had his longest stints with the Jacksonville Jaguars and Miami Dolphins at roughly three seasons each from 2013–2015 and 2016–2018, respectively.
Early life.
Young attended Pine Crest School, playing tight end in football, defense in lacrosse, center on junior varsity basketball, and competed on the weight lifting team. After his freshmen season he transferred to St. Thomas Aquinas High School.
He was moved to left tackle and did not allow a sack during his junior and senior years. He was a two-time Florida Class 5A All-state selection. He also practiced the discus throw and won the state title in the shot put, breaking a school record.
In 2005, he was a Parade All-America first-team selection and received the Florida Gatorade Player of the Year. Following his stellar high school football career, Young was invited to play in the 2006 U.S. Army All-American Bowl.
College career.
Young accepted a football scholarship from the University of Notre Dame. He became the first true freshman to start the season opener on the offensive line (right tackle) since freshmen became eligible in 1972. He was named first-team Freshman All-American by The Sporting News in 2006.
As a sophomore, he started the first two games at right tackle, before being switched to the left side for the remaining 10 contests. As a junior, he started all 13 games at right tackle.
As a senior, he started all 12 games at right tackle, helping the offense to finish fifth in the nation in passing (323.5-yards per-game) and eighth in total offense (451.8-yards), while averaging 30.1 points-per-game. In his college career, Young made 50 starts on the offensive line and all consecutive (both were school records at the time).
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Young was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the sixth round (179th overall) of the 2010 NFL draft. He was active in 3 games (did not play against the Jacksonville Jaguars) and was declared inactive in 13 contests, while contributing on special teams. In 2011, he had a disappointing training camp and was reportedly beaten often by defenders in practice. He was waived on September 5.
Buffalo Bills.
On September 6, 2011, he was claimed off waivers by the Buffalo Bills. He appeared in 4 games and was declared inactive in 12 contests.
In 2012, he played in 12 games with 4 inactive designations and 4 starts at right tackle in place of an injured Chris Hairston. On October 7, 2013, he was waived after appearing in four games with one inactive designation.
Jacksonville Jaguars.
On October 8, 2013, the Jacksonville Jaguars claimed him off waivers and was active in 11 games, playing mainly on special teams. On March 6, 2014, he was re-signed by the Jaguars. He played in 9 games, with 6 starts at right tackle and was declared inactive in 7 contests.
In 2015, he appeared in 16 games for the first time in his career, starting two at left tackle in place of an injured Luke Joeckel and one at right tackle in place of an injured Jermey Parnell.
Miami Dolphins.
On March 9, 2016, Young signed a one-year $910,000 contract with the Miami Dolphins. On September 3, he was released as part of final roster cuts. He was re-signed on October 11, 2016. On December 28, Young signed a one-year $1.15 million contract extension. He appeared in 8 games and was declared inactive for 3 contests. He made one start at left tackle because of injuries.
On September 2, 2017, he was released. On September 4, he was re-signed. He played in 10 games, starting six at right tackle in place of the injured Ja'Wuan James. He was declared inactive for 6 contests. On March 23, 2018, Young re-signed with the Dolphins on a one-year contract. On September 2, he was released. On September 3, he was re-signed. On October 13, he was released. On October 15, he was re-signed. He appeared in 12 games (one start) and was declared inactive for 3 contests. Against the Green Bay Packers, he started at right tackle in place of an injured James. He was not re-signed after the season.
San Francisco 49ers.
On August 12, 2019, he was signed by the San Francisco 49ers to replace an injured Shon Coleman. He was released during final roster cuts on August 30. He was re-signed on September 20. He played in 4 games and was declared inactive for 2 contests. He was released on November 7, 2019.
Las Vegas Raiders.
On May 5, 2020, Young signed with the Las Vegas Raiders. He was released during final roster cuts on September 5, but re-signed with the team two days later. He re-signed with the Raiders on June 7, 2021. He announced his retirement on August 3.

</doc>
<doc id="7021008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021008" title="Anne Polk">
Anne Polk



</doc>
<doc id="7021012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021012" title="Harvey Wheeler">
Harvey Wheeler

John Harvey Wheeler (October 17, 1918 – September 6, 2004) was an American author, political scientist, and scholar. He was best known as co-author with Eugene Burdick of "Fail-Safe" (1962), an early Cold War novel that depicted what could easily go wrong in an age on the verge of nuclear war. The novel was made into a movie, directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Henry Fonda, in 1964. In later years, Wheeler was a founding editor of the "Journal of Social and Biological Structures", 1982, and an early advocate of online education and the Internet as a democratizing tool. He taught a course in "OnLine Publishing" for Connected Education in the mid-to-late 1980s.
Biography.
Wheeler was born on October 17, 1918, in Waco, Texas. He attended Subiaco Academy, earned his bachelor's and master's degree from Indiana University, and his PhD from Harvard University. He taught at Harvard University, Johns Hopkins University; became full professor of political science at Washington and Lee University, where he wrote "Fail-Safe". In 1960, he became a longtime fellow at the Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions in Santa Barbara, California. While at CSDI he wrote, edited or contributed to a dozen books, including "Democracy in a Revolutionary Era" (1968) and "The Virtual Library" (1987). Wheeler was an authority on Francis Bacon (1561–1626). He died on September 6, 2004, in Carpinteria, California. 

</doc>
<doc id="7021013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021013" title="Mongolman">
Mongolman



</doc>
<doc id="7021015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021015" title="WPSE">
WPSE

WPSE (stylized as WP$E) (AM 1450/FM 107.1) is a commercial radio station serving the Erie, Pennsylvania area with a programming emphasis on Business/News/Talk. It is owned by the Board of Trustees at Penn State University and its studio is located on the campus of Penn State Behrend in Erie.
Programming.
Business.
WPSE carries content from Bloomberg Radio, Dave Ramsey, CNBC Business Reports, America in the Morning, Gordon Deal, the Dr. Asa Show, Red Eye Radio, Jill Schlesinger, Motley Fool Money, Larry Kudlow, Steve Moore, CBS Radio News Top-of-Hour, FOX News Radio Bottom-of-Hour, as well as commentary by regional business leaders.
Sports.
WPSE airs sports programming, including LIVE local high school football and basketball, as well as Pittsburgh Steelers football, Penn State football, and NFL primetime and postseason football, including the Super Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="7021025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021025" title="Domestic Cat">
Domestic Cat



</doc>
<doc id="7021029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021029" title="The Scout Association of Turk and Caicos">
The Scout Association of Turk and Caicos



</doc>
<doc id="7021039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021039" title="Courts of General Jurisdiction">
Courts of General Jurisdiction



</doc>
<doc id="7021041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021041" title="Swan band">
Swan band

Swan bands are a characteristic of the spectra of carbon stars, comets and of burning hydrocarbon fuels. They are named for the Scottish physicist William Swan, who first studied the spectral analysis of radical diatomic carbon (C2) in 1856.
Swan bands consist of several sequences of vibrational bands scattered throughout the visible spectrum.

</doc>
<doc id="7021067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021067" title="Deer (disambiguation)">
Deer (disambiguation)

Deer are ruminant mammals forming the family Cervidae.
Deer may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7021068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021068" title="John White (Australian politician)">
John White (Australian politician)

John Charles White (2 October 1942 – 20 June 2020) was a Tasmanian Labor politician during the years 1986 to 1999. He was the son of Alfred White (MHA from 1941 to 1959).
White was first elected as a member for Denison in 1986. He held the position of Health Minister during 1989–1992. During 1992–1998 he was shadow minister for arts, justice, environment and Aboriginal affairs. In August 1998 he resigned from his lower house seat to contest the upper house seat of Newdegate. He was successful and took the position in September 1998.
In June 1999, Newdegate was abolished when the size of parliament was reduced.
In early 2003, White and two others formed a company called Tasmanian Compliance Corporation (TCC). In August 2003 the company was awarded a Tasmanian government contract to handle building accreditation, complaints and training.
Following the 2006 state election, White came under significant public scrutiny after a confidential service level agreement, signed by White and the minister Bryan Green which was being negotiated from November 2005, was leaked to Sue Neales, chief reporter of "The Mercury".
In relation to this matter White was charged with one count of interfering with an executive officer contrary to section 69 of the Tasmanian Criminal Code. After initially pleading not guilty, the Chief Justice ruled that the signing of the document was the offence, and did not require any 'mala fides' (bad faith). White then changed his plea to guilty, on legal advice of his barrister, in the Supreme Court on 20 November 2007. On 10 December 2007, he was sentenced to a two-year good behaviour bond and had no conviction recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="7021069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021069" title="Fawn (disambiguation)">
Fawn (disambiguation)

A fawn is a young deer.
Fawn may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7021070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021070" title="Fencibles">
Fencibles

The Fencibles (from the word "defencible") were British regiments raised in the United Kingdom, Isle of Man and in the colonies for defence against the threat of invasion during the Seven Years' War, the American War of Independence, the French Revolutionary Wars, the Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812 in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. Usually temporary units, composed of local recruits and commanded by Regular Army officers, they were most often confined to garrison and patrol duties, freeing Regular Army units to perform offensive operations. Most fencible regiments had no liability for overseas service.
They included naval forces known as "River Fencibles", made up of sailors on the Thames and other southern English towns and cities, as well as Sea Fencibles, who, among their other duties, crewed small commercial vessels converted to coastal defence.
History.
The first regiments were raised in Scotland in 1759. In England county militia regiments were raised for internal defence in the absence of the regular army; but it was not deemed prudent to extend the system to Scotland, the inhabitants of which, it was supposed, could not yet be safely entrusted with arms because of The 'Fifteen' and The 'Forty-Five' rebellions. Groundless as the reasons for this caution undoubtedly were in regard to the Lowlands, it would certainly have been hazardous at a time when the Stuarts and their adherents were still plotting a restoration to have armed the clans.
Unlike the militia regiments which were raised by ballot, the Fencibles were to be raised by the ordinary mode of recruiting, and like the regiments of the line, the officers were to be appointed, and their commissions signed by the king.
Most fencible regiments had no liability for overseas service however there were exceptions. Ireland while not united with the Kingdom of Great Britain until 1801 was the destination for several British fencible regiments during the Rebellion of 1798 where they fought in some pitched battles. The 3rd Argyllshire Regiment, who like some other fencible regiments had terms of service that extended to any part of Europe, garrisoned Gibraltar (as did Banffshire Fencibles, 2nd Argyllshire Fencibles, and the Prince of Wales Own Fencibles) The Dumbarton Fencibles Regiment was raised in Scotland, garrisoned Guernsey, fought in Ireland, and a detachment escorted prisoners to Prussia. The Ancient Irish Fencibles were sent to Egypt where they took part in the operations against the French in 1801.
Fencible regiments tended to be less effective than regular troops for military duties; with problems of lack of education and vulnerability to disease. In Ireland, fencibles would take part in inter-regimental brawls and attacks on regular army soldiers. Some regiments of fencibles, however, were noted for exceptional service.
Timeline.
Highland Fencibles.
The Scottish Highlands supplied fencible regiments for most of the second half of the 18th century. The first regiment raised was the Argyle Fencibles in 1759 and the last was the MacLeod Fencibles in 1779. In all over 20 regiments were created, although they were not all in existence at the same time. Some Highland fencibles regiments saw action in the Irish Rebellion of 1798, while other performed garrison and policing duties in Britain, Ireland, the Channel Islands and Gibraltar.
American Revolutionary War.
The Royal Fencible Americans was a Loyalist unit raised by the British in Nova Scotia in 1775, that successfully withstood an attack by Patriot forces under Jonathan Eddy at the Battle of Fort Cumberland.
Irish Rebellion of 1798.
Fencibles were raised for the entirety of the Irish Rebellion.
French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.
Fencible units were raised in the United Kingdom and Isle of Man during the early years of the war. This included not only land regiments but also the Sea Fencibles (raised in 1798 and disbanded in 1810). By the Peace of Amiens in 1802, all Fencible Regiments had been disbanded and those members willing to continue serving had been transferred to regular army regiments. When the Napoleonic Wars resumed the British used alternative methods to defend the Home Nations (see for example the Additional Forces Acts 1803) and with the exception of the Royal Manx Fencibles (third corps, 1803–1811) no more fencible regiments were raised for home defence.
War of 1812.
In the early years of the 19th Century, regiments of Fencibles were raised in the Canadas, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and Nova Scotia. The regiments were liable for service in North America only (although the New Brunswick Fencibles volunteered for general service and became the 104th Regiment of Foot in the regular army). All but one of these regiments saw action in the War of 1812. The regiments were disbanded in 1816 and 1817, after the War of 1812. Although the units were disbanded, several regiments in Canada continue to perpetuate their historic lineage.
Most of the Fencible regiments were formed in 1803, including the Nova Scotia Fencibles, the Canadian Regiment of Fencible Infantry (perpetuated by the Royal 22nd Regiment), the Royal Newfoundland Fencibles (perpetuated by the Royal Newfoundland Regiment), and the New Brunswick Regiment of Fencible Infantry (perpetuated by the Royal New Brunswick Regiment). The Glengarry Light Infantry Fencibles (perpetuated by the Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry Highlanders) was formed in February 1812, several months prior to the war. In addition to these Canadian units, the Michigan Fencibles, a small unit of 45 troops, was raised at Fort Mackinac in 1813.
Bombay Fencibles.
The Bombay Fencibles were raised in 1799 by the following order of the Bombay Army: "A regiment consisting of two battalions of natives to be, under the denomination of the 'Bombay fencibles,' raised from the inhabitants of Bombay, Salsette, and Caranjah, on condition of not being liable to serve out of the said bounds; at the * pay to each private of 5 rupees 2 quarters per month, besides clothing: which last they will receive from the honorable company".
The 5th battalion of the Maratha Light Infantry was raised in December 1800 from the Bombay Fencibles as the 1st Battalion, the 9th Regiment of Bombay Native Infantry.
Malta.
The Royal Malta Fencible Regiment was in existence from 1815 to 1861 when it became the Royal Malta Fencible Artillery until 1881. The term 'Fencible' was dropped in 1889 and it became the Royal Malta Artillery.
New Zealand Wars.
In 1847 the Royal New Zealand Fencible Corps were raised and sent to New Zealand for the defence of the early settlers there. They were settled in four new outlying villages around Auckland, (then the capital), at Onehunga, Otahuhu, Panmure, and Howick, the largest of the four. About 75 fencibles and their sons took part as militia in the 1860s New Zealand Wars.
References.
Attribution:

</doc>
<doc id="7021071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021071" title="Courts of Special Jurisdiction">
Courts of Special Jurisdiction



</doc>
<doc id="7021083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021083" title="Anna Di Lellio">
Anna Di Lellio

Anna Di Lellio is a sociologist, journalist and former United Nations consultant. She has written on a number of topics relating to the United Nations' presence in Kosovo and Iraq. 
Biography.
Di Lellio received a B.A. in Philosophy from the University of Perugia in Italy, and a Masters in Public Policy and International Affairs from New York University. She also completed a Masters degree and PhD in sociology from Columbia University.
She worked for the UN World Food Program as a consultant in Kosovo and East Timor during the 1999 emergencies. Later, she was a research analyst for the International Organization for Migration on the Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA) programme of reintegration, and political advisor to the UN Kosovo Police Corps Coordinator. 
From 2001 through 2003, she was the Temporary Media Commissioner of Kosovo for the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OSCE). In this capacity, she authored two reports on media law and policy in post-conflict areas. On her return to New York, she was appointed as Director of Communications to Paul Volcker's inquiry into possible corruption in the Iraqi Oil for Food program. She resigned her post in September 2004 following a controversy over a 2002 newspaper article in "The Guardian" in which she criticized George W. Bush and Silvio Berlusconi.
She is the editor of the book "The Case for Kosova: Passage to Independence" (2000), an anthology of essays on the future of Kosovo, and the author of "The Battle of Kosovo 1389: An Albanian Epic" (2009).
She is the co-founder of the Kosovo Oral History Initiative (KOHI), a public multi- lingual and multi-media virtual archive of Kosovo history that focuses on individual life stories.
She is an adjunct professor at the International Relations Program of New York University, and also teaches at the New School for Public Engagement.
According to historian Dušan Bataković, In her writings, Di Lellio takes a pro-Albanian stance. University professor and byzantist Radivoj Radić has written negatively about her work, stating to have "demonstrated her ignorance and discord with historical methodology on multiple occasions".

</doc>
<doc id="7021089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021089" title="Rolls Razor">
Rolls Razor

Rolls Razor Limited was a British company known first for its manufacture of a sophisticated safety razor and later, under new ownership, an "affordable" twin-tub washing machine.
Origins: razor.
The eponymous product was a sophisticated safety razor which was promoted with the slogan "The razor that is stropped and honed in its case".
The case was a rigid rectangular frame enclosed by two detachable lids; one lid carried a stone and the other a leather. The lids could not be interchanged. With a lid removed, oscillating a handle drove a shaft along the frame. In both directions pinions on the shaft engaged with racks on the case to rotate the shaft to either push the blade forward against the stone or drag it against the strop. It was easy to use, fast and safe. Sharpening was noisy as each change of direction rotated the blade to slap against stone or leather.
The blade was about the size of a conventional disposable blade but was solid, hollow ground and not disposable, and it incorporated a safety guard.
The company's principal market was a 21st birthday present for a young man. Sales declined with the rise of electric shaving.
The Rolls trademark, "The Whetter", was registered in the US in 1950; the claimed first use was 1922. The US patent for the method of attaching the blade to the handle was filed in 1925 and issued in 1930. The name "Rolls Razor (1927) Ltd." was used in advertising. The razor was still manufactured and sold until 1958, when the company was purchased by entrepreneur/corporate raider John Bloom, who decided to focus on washing machines rather than the razor.
Although Rolls Razor had no connection to the Rolls-Royce company, the name was chosen to evoke the "Rolls" image of luxury and quality. The factory address was 255 Cricklewood Broadway, London, NW2, with showrooms located at 197a, Regent St., London, W1. A US importer was Lee &amp; Schiffer, East 44th St., New York City. By 1937 the US distributor was Rolls Razor, Inc., 305 East 45th St., New York.
Rolls Razors, Ltd. made several models with variations based solely on casing material, finish and shape. The earliest models have a pebble-finish metal case. The nickel-plated Imperial No. 2 is the most common, along with the silver-plated Imperial which was packaged with a hard leatherette storage box. During World War II, the case was made all aluminium. Older razors, pre-1930, do not have a Greek key pattern on the case. A gold-plated case was made before 1930, but is very rare. The two main shape variations were the "standard" Imperial which had a flat boxy shape with rounded corners and the Viscount which had a softer profile with shaped sides and rounded corners.
The case design evolved to a pattern of parallel zig-zag lines. Later razors have a three-row Greek key design and with "The Whetter" trademark near the end of the case. These cases measure × 6 inches. The Viscount case design has a single Greek key row. The corners of the case are more rounded (about a -inch radius) than previous Rolls. The case dimensions are ×  inches.
By 1951, Rolls was also advertising the Viceroy Electric Dry shaver, or, the ad said, if you have "no electricity ... ask for the Viceroy non-electric mechanical dry shaver ... Press the lever and shave!" This was a mechanical version of the dry shaver that was operated by repeatedly squeezing a lever on the handle.
The Rolls Razor was successful enough that it had a similar British competitor, The Darwin, made by Darwins Ltd. (or Darwin, Ltd.; both spellings were used), Fitzwilliam Works, Sheffield, England. US patents were filed in 1933 and issued in 1935. A British patent was issued in 1934. The Darwin case is longer and narrower than the Rolls. Darwin models include "Universal" and "De Luxe".
Washing machines.
After launching his washing machine business on the back of newspaper adverts, entrepreneur John Bloom bought the moribund shell of Rolls Razor Limited as a vehicle to grow his business.
Originally the machines were manufactured in the Netherlands, but later an assembly line was set up at the company's factory in Cricklewood, London, where prospective customers could view the process. On the back of a heavy advertising campaign, and prices 50% below those found in shops retailing products by Hoover and Hotpoint, the machines were offered on hire purchase in light of the British Government relaxing many restrictions on this type of finance. By 1962, Rolls had secured 10% of the market and was the third largest manufacturer of washing machines. Keen to further expand the business, it merged with the Colston company, founded by ex-Hoover director Sir Charles Colston, which made compact dishwashers, and concluded a deal to distribute Prestcold refrigerators.
The company listed on the London Stock Exchange in mid-1962, at a price of 20s ($3.50) per share, with the price doubling in weeks. By the end of 1963, the company was selling over 200,000 machines a year. Marketing itself as Rolls-Prestcold, in 1963 it became the first commercial sponsor of the Royal Windsor Horse Show.
But the retailers and UK manufacturers were unhappy, and reduced their prices considerably to create the so-called Washing Machine War, between direct sales and retailers. In response Bloom was forced to increase his advertising costs just as sales began to fall, and was then hit by the 1964 postal strike which resulted in coupon returns drying up. Receipts from Rolls's customer hire purchase agreements were underwritten by banker Sir Isaac Wolfson, who by mid-1964 had bankrolled the company with an £8 million loan. Spotting trouble, Sir Isaac withdrew his support and sped the downfall.
With Bloom suspected of malpractice, the company's shares were suspended at 1s in mid-July 1964, before the company announced it would be placed into voluntary liquidation. The speed of withdrawal caused the company to be mentioned during questions in the House of Commons, UK. Liquidators found thousands of unsold washing machines in warehouses, and after entering to make their report to shareholders to a chorus of Handel's "Dead March" from Saul, reported that the company had assets of $2,100,000, with creditors totalling $11 million, including: Tallent Engineering $2,400,000; Pressed Steel Company $1,200,000, and Hawker Siddeley $151,000, for a DH.125 company plane.
Bloom came in for heavy criticism regarding his direct sales business practice. The London Stock Exchange resultantly asked member companies for more frequent and more thorough financial statements, which it formalised in later legislation. Rolls Razor was subsequently a respondent company in a House of Lords judicial decision called "Barclays Bank Ltd v Quistclose Investments Ltd". The case was won by Quistclose Investments. This was a landmark case which created the concept known as a "Quistclose" trust.
Manufacture continued with machines built by the engineering company Tallent (who built the company's dishwashers), who re-branded them as such briefly, but by 1965 the machines were marketed as Colstons before the appliance division of Tallent was taken over by the Italian firm Ariston in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="7021102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021102" title="Just Out of Reach">
Just Out of Reach

Just Out Of Reach is an album by pop singer Perry Como released by RCA Records in 1975. The album features arrangements typical of the classic country style combined with gentle vocals in the style of sung ballads.

</doc>
<doc id="7021107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021107" title="Straight Out of Compton">
Straight Out of Compton



</doc>
<doc id="7021111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021111" title="Chicken guniya">
Chicken guniya



</doc>
<doc id="7021124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021124" title="Chicken gunyia">
Chicken gunyia



</doc>
<doc id="7021141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021141" title="Chikun gunyia">
Chikun gunyia



</doc>
<doc id="7021148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021148" title="Minister for Health and Social Affairs (Sweden)">
Minister for Health and Social Affairs (Sweden)

The Councilor of State and Head of the Ministry of Health and Social Affairs Swedish: "Statsråd och chef för Socialdepartementet"), commonly known as the Minister for Public Health and Social Security is the head of the Ministry of Health and Social Affairs in the Government of Sweden. 
All heads of the ministry have been Ministers for Health and Social Affairs, except the years 2014–2017 when the Minister for Social Security, Annika Strandhäll, was head of the ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="7021153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021153" title="Peenestrom">
Peenestrom

The Peenestrom is a strait in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany, which separates the mainland from the island of Usedom. It is long and is the westernmost connection between the Szczecin Lagoon and the Baltic Sea (together with the Świna and Dziwna channels). The Peenestrom is one of the three distributaries of the Oder River.

</doc>
<doc id="7021154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021154" title="Nap Reyes">
Nap Reyes

Napoleón Aguilera Reyes (November 24, 1919 – September 15, 1995) was a Cuban Major League Baseball third baseman–first baseman who played for the New York Giants from 1943 to 1945, and again in 1950. A native of Santiago de Cuba, Cuba, he stood 6'1" and weighed 205 lbs.
Reyes made his major league debut on May 19, 1943 against the Cincinnati Reds at the Polo Grounds. He got into 40 games as a rookie, and then played regularly in 1944 and 1945. After World War II was over, however, he got into only one more big league game. Five years later, on April 27, 1950 he played part of a game at first base and went 0-for-1.
In 1945, Reyes tied for the National League lead in the hit by pitch with eight. The two other players who were hit eight times were his teammate/manager and future Hall of Famer Mel Ott, and Chicago Cubs All-Star center fielder Andy Pafko.
Career totals include 279 games played, 264 hits, 13 home runs, 110 runs batted in, 90 runs scored, and a lifetime batting average of .284. Defensively, he fielded both of his positions very well. (.960 at third base and .991 at first base)
Reyes died at the age of 75 in Miami, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="7021155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021155" title="National css">
National css



</doc>
<doc id="7021158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021158" title="One String Leads to Another">
One String Leads to Another

One String Leads to Another is the third solo recording by American guitarist Tim Sparks, released in 1999.
History.
The title is taken from a quote by John Renbourn. While speaking of Davey Graham's travels in Morocco "where he came across a tuning used on an exotic, North African string instrument. Davey tried to adapt this to his guitar. Well, one string leads to another and before you know it, he's come up with DADGAD guitar tuning."
Sparks wrote the songs while spending time in Mexico. "I found myself exploring the sounds of where I grew up in North Carolina, you know, more native American sounds, and cross-pollinating them, if you will, with sounds from around the world. Sounds I have explored in music from other cultures".
Reception.
Stacia Proefrock wrote for Allmusic "Tim Sparks has issued another winner. Rather than merely imitating one particular style throughout a certain song, he instead absorbs the techniques and melodies of many different cultures and fuses them together to make them his own." Andy Ellis of "Guitar Player" magazine stated "There are many skilled solo-acoustic guitarists making CDs today, but few can match Sparks' verve and intensity. On this live and natural-sounding record, we hear a restless, probing mind, rather than a series of refined techniques." The June 2000 issue of Down Beat magazine gave a favorable review stating: "While Sparks' music includes jazz and world music sensibilities, the overall thrust to this set of original compositions (minus one) suggests a blend of folksy, backwoods fingerpicking that's strongly melodic and very intimate. The pacing is very good, and Sparks' fingerstyle, musical sleight-of-hand has one hearing classical technique one moment, flat-out blues the next."
Track listing.
All compositions by Tim Sparks except "Eu So Quero Em Xodo" by Dominguinhos.

</doc>
<doc id="7021162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021162" title="Michael Watt (footballer)">
Michael Watt (footballer)

Michael George Watt (born 27 November 1970 in Aberdeen) is a former professional footballer. He was a goalkeeper who played for Aberdeen, Norwich City and Kilmarnock.
Watt began his career with Aberdeen, where he was capped 13 times by Scotland under-21s. He was released by the club in 1998, subsequently signing a contract with Norwich City that would see him stay at Carrow Road until the end of the season. When his contract expired in the summer of 1999, he returned to Scotland to play for Kilmarnock, leaving in December 1999.
Following his departure from football, Watt has been working as a financial adviser in Glasgow.
Career statistics.
Appearances and goals by club, season and competition.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="7021163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021163" title="Christophobic">
Christophobic



</doc>
<doc id="7021177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021177" title="Courts of special jurisdiction of the People's Republic of China">
Courts of special jurisdiction of the People's Republic of China



</doc>
<doc id="7021182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021182" title="Desde Gayola">
Desde Gayola

Desde Gayola () is a Mexican LGBT-related late-night sketch comedy variety show created by Horacio Villalobos. The show premiered on Telehit in February 2002 as a sketch into the variety show "Válvula de Escape". The show revolves around a series of parodies about Mexican culture, sexuality and politics, performed by a large and varying cast of repertory and newer cast members.
The TV show followed a format similar to "Saturday Night Live" with each episode approximately 25 minutes in length and containing an average of five sketches per episode. The show featured a cast and crew that included several gay, transgender, and drag queen performers.
Name origin.
In Mexican Spanish, "gayola" refers to the uppermost section of a theater, where the cheapest tickets are sold and the view is obstructed. It is comparable to the English term "the nosebleed section"—seats that are so high and far from the stage that they offer a less-than-ideal experience.
Interestingly, as Villalobos explains, "La Gayola" was originally the area where theater critics sat to evaluate performances. For us, "Desde Gayola" symbolizes that same critical vantage point—a place from which we analyze and critique political, social, religious, and entertainment realities.
Format.
The format of the show was inspired by the American TV show "Saturday Night Live" of NBC. The cast includes actors of diverse gender identities.
Telehit.
The show began airing in November 2001 as a sketch on the "Válvula de Escape" show, hosted and produced by Horacio Villalobos on Telehit. Since February 2002, the show was scheduled for the Friday at 3:00 pm slot.
In its firsts seasons, from 2002 to 2003, the show had a more modest list of characters, highlighting the transgender actress Alejandra Bogue, transgender actress Daniel Vives "Ego", Dario T. Pie and Francis García, as well Villalobos himself. Since 2003, more actors began to be integrated into more sketches, highlighting Carlos Rangel "La Maniguis", Gerardo Gallardo, Javier Yepes, Mauricio Barcelata, Miguel Romero and others.
The musical opening was "Dulce Amor" by Ana Martín, extracted from the Mexican telenovela "Gabriel y Gabriela". Horacio Villalobos welcomed the audience and presented the sketches of the program. These sketches, of some which stood out were" Tesoreando con La Tesorito, La Roña, Las Aventuras de La Supermana, El Mundo de Maniguis, Las Chicas V.I.P., Panal-Gastronómico, La Charla Ecclesiastica, Joterías con Ligia, Mirosnada, una historia real, El Rincón de Pita Amor, TV Churros, Las Aventuras de Dieguito Gardel Lamarque, Las Menopausicas" and others.
From one sketch to another, a curtain of characters from the show dancing to the rhythms like "Shortcut To The End", by Quartz and "Lady Marmalade" from Labelle appear. Each episode lasted 27 minutes and had about 5 sketches.
Out of Telehit.
On August 3, 2006, Horacio Villalobos and the cast left Telehit, in protest at what they called "abuse and mistreatment."
In 2006, the cast received a proposal for the series on a transnational network television, but that plan fell through.
52MX.
Nocturninos and Nocturninos presents: Desde Gayola.
After leaving Telehit in 2006, the cast of "Desde Gayola" returned to television on August 4, 2008, this time on Channel 52MX from MVS Comunicaciones. Two programs are presented:
Nocturninos: A broadcast from Monday to Thursday at 11:00 pm. A night magazine-style program is led by Horacio Villalobos, Alejandra Ley, Paula Sanchez, Anibal Santiago and Memo Martinez, accompanied by "La Súpermana" (Daniel Vives "Ego"), Carlos Rangel ("La Manigüis"), Mario Lafontaine, Cheryl Sue, Rose Mary, "La Veros" (Pilar Boliver) and "Mama Mela" (Javier Yepez). In this section, they address issues related to current politics, sexuality, sports and entertainment with a touch of humor, sarcasm and satire.
"Desde Gayola" returned to television on August 4, 2008, exactly two years after its departure from Telehit. The fifth season lasted on the air almost fifteen months. In this new production, 400 sketches were recorded that aired, uncensored, on Channel 52MX of MVS Comunicaciones. They presented classic sketches such as: "Las Aventuras de la Manigüis", "La Súpermana", "La Charla Eclesiastica", "Las V.I.P.", "Panal-Gastronomico", "El Rincón de Pita Amor", "Joterías con Ligia", "Las Menopausicas", "Mirosnada, una historia real", "Reflexiones profundas con Kakokeko", "Las Aventuras de Dieguito Gardel Lamarque", "TV Churros" and more.
New sketches appeared such as "Mala Nacha Sí", "Yoga Ñonga", "Michelle O.", "Cuarto Redondo" and "Piensa Patito."
"Desde Gayola" tentatively returned with a new season in the spring of 2012.
"Desde Gayola: The Movie" was planned, with the synopsis of a script and despite having the financing, investors stopped the project in hopes that the Treasury Department of Mexico would validate the amendments to the Law of Cinematography that would allow them to deduct the 10% tax by investing in film making.
Out of MVS.
As of January 31, 2013, "Desde Gayola" stopped being broadcast through 52MX after the departure of the "Nocturninos" program from the TV Network, apparently, decision made by the directors. Several speculations emerged on the causes of its departure, including repression and censorship, but it ran simply because the program does not sell advertising.
Theatre.
The program has also been extended by a series of plays that have been in different Mexican cities. It is a cabaret show with the TV characters, embroiled in totally different situations on which they comment facing the television. Its first theatrical show was called From Gayola: The Show (2002). Its second production (2003), Once upon a time Desde Gayola is a satire of fairy tales, adding to the irreverence of the television show. In the third production (2007), the concept evolves Desde Gayola presents Telebasura, a critique of television, politics and religion. Without mincing words, they equally destroy people from pseudo-journalists to corrupt politicians. Horacio Villalobos, "La Maniguis", "La Supermana", "Mama Mela" and "Chef Ornica" participate.

</doc>
<doc id="7021191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021191" title="Chikungunga">
Chikungunga



</doc>
<doc id="7021194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021194" title="Riderch Hael">
Riderch Hael



</doc>
<doc id="7021216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021216" title="Siege of Akasaka">
Siege of Akasaka

The siege of Akasaka was one of the earlier battles of the Genkō War between the figurehead Emperor Godaigo and the largely Hōjō-controlled Kamakura shogunate during the final years of the Kamakura period in Japan. The battle in question was fought at Shimo Akasaka-jō (下赤坂城, ), a fortress built upon Mount Yoshino near modern-day Osaka in the former Kawachi Province in Osaka Prefecture.
Background.
For most of Japan's history, the Emperor was a powerless figurehead while real power rested in the Shogunate, and this was no different for Emperor Godaigo who was overshadowed by the Kamakura Shogunate. But in 1324, during the last few years of the Kamakura period, the Emperor plotted to overthrow the Shogunate but his plan was discovered. Undeterred, he tried again seven years later but was once again discovered due to the treachery of Fujiwara Sadafusa, Godaigo's trusted adviser. Realizing that he was at the end of his rope, the Emperor fled from Kyoto for Kasagi, and was besieged there by Kamakura Shogunate troops. Godaigo survived the siege, but he was banished to the Isles of Oki. Meanwhile, Kusunoki Masashige and Kusunoki Shichiro, two brothers who had sworn their allegiance to the Emperor, were gathering their forces at Shimo Akasaka, a fortress built upon Mount Yoshino, and were joined there by the Emperor's son, Prince Moriyoshi. As 200-300,000 Kamakura Shogunate soldiers arrived to besiege the fortress in November, Akasaka was garrisoned by 200 samurai inside the fort; a palisade protected by 20-30 wooden towers under Masashige while another 300 samurai waited on a nearby hill under Kusunoki Shichiro's command.
Battle.
As soon as the battle started, Masashige set to work, inflicting heavy casualties upon the besiegers; his ingenuity in the battle was highly praised by sources, which say his "schemes were as ingenious as if they had sprung from the brain of Ch'en-p'ing or Chan-kuo Liang." However, his craftiness could not save him and his army from defeat when the Shogunate army cut off his water supply. Masashige proceeded to build a second castle, the Kami-Akasaka Castle or Kami Akasaka-jō (上赤坂城, ). This fort too was besieged, and it fell in March 1333.
During the initial assault by the Kamakura force, Masashige used skilled archers to kill or wound many before they retreated hastily to make camp for a longer siege. Kusunoki Shichiro picked this time to attack the camp with his horsemen from two sides, and was soon joined by more cavalry from the castle gates. The horsemen "broke through the enemy lines from every direction, cutting them down on all sides and so astounding the shogunate warriors that they could not form ranks."
In another assault, the Shogunate soldiers started scaling the outer wall, deceived by the silence from within. Unbeknownst to the attackers, they were scaling a fake wall which Masashige signaled to be collapsed. As the Kamakura troops hit the ground, Masashige's force subjected them to logs and stones hurled at them from within the fortress, inflicting grievous harm. In another instance, the attackers tried to grapnel the remaining wall, only to have boiling hot water poured on them by Masashige's men.
Three weeks into the siege, the Imperial troops were confronted with the starvation spreading through their ranks. In an attempt to finally break the siege, Masashige devised a plan in which his men disguised themselves as Shogunate soldiers and left the bodies of the slain combatants in the fort in a large pile of kindling. Thus disguised, Masashige's men were able to slip through the defenses. Once free, one man left behind lit the bonfire and the castle, deceiving the Kamakura soldiers into thinking they had committed suicide. Despite the apocryphal, the siege ended in Hōjō victory when Masashige and his men were cut off from their water supplies.
When Masashige and Moriyoshi escaped the first fortress, Masashige contacted the local merchants he had connections with and managed to raise a new army with the funds provided to him by them. After retaking Lower Akasaka, he built Kami-Akasaka upon a small plateau surrounded on three sides by a low valley. Unfortunately for Masashige, the Shogunate forces returned, besieged and defeated him again, and burned his fortress to the ground as well. However, he again escaped, this time fleeing to Chihaya Castle. Kami-Akasaka was razed.

</doc>
<doc id="7021254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021254" title="Anglican Friends of Israel">
Anglican Friends of Israel

Anglican Friends of Israel (formerly Anglicans for Israel) is a group of Anglican Christians who support Israel.
The group, headed by Belfast-born Simon McIlwane, opposes attempts to single out Israel for criticism without placing its actions in context while ignoring the Palestinian contributions to the conflict. According to McIlwane, "Israel is falsely accused of imposing an 'apartheid' system on Palestinians while the education of Palestinian children to hate Jews, and give their lives in the cause of Israel's destruction, is ignored." In May 2012, McIlwain called the anti-Israel protest against the performance of Habimah at The Globe Theater "unwanted, unwarranted and disgraceful."

</doc>
<doc id="7021267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021267" title="Kimberly Willis Holt">
Kimberly Willis Holt

Kimberly Willis Holt is an American writer of children's books. She is best known for the novel "When Zachary Beaver Came to Town", which won the 1999 U.S. National Book Award for Young People's Literature.
It was adapted as a 2003 film of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="7021277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021277" title="Thermal pools">
Thermal pools



</doc>
<doc id="7021319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021319" title="No longer enemy combatant">
No longer enemy combatant

No Longer Enemy Combatant (NLEC) is a term used by the U.S. military for a group of 38 Guantanamo detainees whose Combatant Status Review Tribunal (CSRT) determined they were not "enemy combatants". None of them were released right away. Ten of them were allowed to move to the more comfortable Camp Iguana. Others, such as Sami Al Laithi, remained in solitary confinement.
Thirty-eight detainees were finally classified as NLECs.
The fifth Denbeaux report, "No-hearing hearings", reported that an additional three Combatant Status Review Tribunals determined that captives should not have been determined to have been enemy combatants, only to have their recommendation overturned.
The "Washington Post" has published a list of the names of 30 of the 38 individuals who were determined not to have been enemy combatants.
The delay in the release of some of the detainees was said to be due to considerations of their safety. Some could not be returned to their home countries, out of fears of retaliation from their fellow citizens, or from the governments of their countries. Some, like Al Laithi, were returned to their home countries after the US secured a promise that they would not be punished by their home countries. Others, like five of the Uyghur detainees in Guantanamo, were released when the US found a third country which would accept them.
Three further captives who had been determined not to have been enemy combatants, who had been occupants of Camp Iguana since May 2005, were released in Albania in November 2006.
Multiple CSRTs.
The fifth Denbeaux study, entitled "No-hearing hearings", revealed that some Guantanamo captives had second or third Combatant Status Review Tribunals convened when their first tribunal determined that they had not been enemy combatants after all.
H. Candace Gorman, the pro bono lawyer for Abdel Hamid Ibn Abdussalem Ibn Mifta Al Ghazzawi, expressed surprise when she learned that her client had initially been determined not to have been an enemy combatant, after all. Gorman described traveling to the secure site in Virginia, the only place where lawyers were allowed to review their clients' classified files. She was told that the justification for convening her client's second tribunal had been that the DoD had new evidence. However, when she reviewed the transcript of his second tribunal she found that there had been no new evidence.
Lieutenant Colonel Stephen Abraham came forward and swore an affidavit, describing his experience sitting on Al Ghazzawi's tribunal. It was critical of the process, including the pressure exerted to find against the detainee.
NLEC captives.
On 19 November 2007, the Department of Defense published a list of the 38 men finally deemed to be no longer enemy combatants in 2004.
On 17 January 2009, Carol Rosenberg, writing in the "Miami Herald", quoted Guantanamo spokesman Jeffrey Gordon, that a panel of officers had recently reviewed Bismullah's "enemy combatant" status, and determined, "based on new evidence", that he was not an enemy combatant after all.
Bismullah was released to Afghanistan on 17 January.

</doc>
<doc id="7021320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021320" title="PTT Public Company Limited">
PTT Public Company Limited

PTT Public Company Limited or simply PTT () is a Thai state-owned SET-listed oil and gas company. Formerly known as the Petroleum Authority of Thailand, it owns extensive submarine gas pipelines in the Gulf of Thailand, a network of LPG terminals throughout the kingdom, and it is involved in electricity generation, petrochemical products, oil and gas exploration and production, and gasoline retailing businesses. The company also owns Café Amazon, a popular coffee chain throughout South East Asia, which shops are often located next to PTT gas stations or inside malls.
Affiliated companies include PTT Exploration and Production, PTT Global Chemical, PTT Asia Pacific Mining, and PTT Green Energy.
On 15 December 2022, the world's largest institutional investor the Norwegian Government Pension Fund Global divested from PTT and its subsidiary PTT Oil and Retail Business PCL (PTTOR) due to "unacceptable risk that the companies contribute to serious violations of individuals’ rights in situations of war or conflict".
History.
PTT is the largest corporation in the country and also the only company from Thailand listed in Fortune Global 500 companies. The company ranks 81st among top 500 on the Fortune 500, and 180 on the Forbes 2000. PTT was founded in 1978 (as Petroleum Authority of Thailand) as a state-owned enterprise, under Prime Minister Kriangsak Chamanan's government. It was formed by a coupling between Thai Fuel Organization (Thai: องค์การเชื้อเพลิง) under Defense Energy Department and Thai Natural Gas Organization (Thai: องค์การก๊าซธรรมชาติแห่งประเทศไทย) under Ministry of Industry.
Financials.
For 2016 PTT PCL reported revenues of 1,737,148 million baht, net income of 94,609 million baht, assets of 2,232,331 million baht, and total equity of 762,948 million baht.
PTT's 15 directors were compensated with 14.9 million baht in meeting allowances in 2016, plus 38.7 million baht in bonuses. The president and CEO's salary for the year was 30.6 million baht plus a 9.6 million baht bonus. The company in 2016 employed 4,616 (PTT) and 24,680 at subsidiaries. Total compensation for PTT employees in 2016, excluding top management, was 9,651 million baht.
Operations.
In 2012, PTT purchased the remaining 55 percent of Sakari Resources, a Singaporean coal mine operator.
In 2012, PTT Exploration and Production (PTTEP) took over Cove Energy plc, which owned an 8.5 percent share in a huge natural-gas field offshore Mozambique.
The company operates 58 retail stations in the Philippines and plans to add an additional 15-20 petrol stations in Luzon and the Visayas, in Cebu Province.
PTT Public Company Limited and Pertamina, Indonesia's state-owned oil company, partnered to build a new petrochemical complex in Indonesia for an estimated cost of US$4–5 billion.
Vencorex.
Vencorex is a joint venture between PTT Global Chemical and the Perstorp Group, created in 2012, based in France's Rhône-Alpes region. It is the owner of technology and a major manufacturer of isocyanates, particularly toluene diisocyanate (TDI), hexamethylene diisocyanate (HDI, IPDI) and its derivatives.
Controversies.
Oil spills.
The 2009 Montara oil spill, off Australia's northwestern coast led to "thousands of barrels of oil gushed into the ocean over a 10-week period following a blowout at PTTEP Australasia's West Atlas rig in the Timor Sea". The Australian unit of PTT Exploration and Production (PTTEP) "admitted to four charges" in the 2009 spill.
The 2013 Rayong oil spill started on the night of 28 July 2013. An oil leak (from a pipeline) from Ko Samet's Ao Phrao Beach, resulted in the beach being closed and its tourists evacuated after spillage reached the beach. The crude oil spill had occurred off Thailand's mainland, "when a floating hose transferring oil from a tanker to a PTT refinery pipeline broke sending 50,000 litres of oil spewing into the coastal waters". On 7 August 2013 media said that the Department of Special Investigation had seized an oil supply line, suspected of being faulty.
Myanmar military.
PTT, as Myanmar's largest corporate investor, has made significant investments in Myanmar's offshore gas, importing all of natural gas from three of Myanmar's four offshore projects. PTT pays per year to the state-owned Myanma Oil and Gas Enterprise (MOGE), directly benefiting the military junta, the State Administration Council since the 2021 Myanmar coup d'état. Thailand has reportedly lobbied against U.S. sanctions on MOGE, which is the largest source of foreign currency for the Burmese regime. In December 2022, the Government Pension Fund of Norway divested from its equity stake in PTT and its subsidiary, PTT Oil and Retail Business, due to its human rights concerns regarding PTT's partnership with the Burmese military.
PTT also operates a joint venture with the military-owned Myanmar Economic Corporation (MEC), paying rent to MEC to operate a fuel terminal in Thilawa Port, on land seized from farmers. Human Rights Watch and other NGOs have called for PTT to end its business investments with Myanmar's military enterprises.
Rolls-Royce bribery case.
In an action by the US Department of Justice (DOJ) against aircraft engine-maker Rolls-Royce, the DOJ claimed that Rolls-Royce had paid more than US$11 million in commissions to win a deal with Thai Airways, aware that some of the funds would be used to bribe officials at PTT and its subsidiary, PTT Exploration and Production (PTTEP). The payments were made from 2003-2013 and related to contracts for equipment and after-market products and services. Admitting its guilt, Rolls-Royce paid US$170 million to settle the case. PTT vowed to investigate. Subsequently, PTT Chairman and CEO Tevin Vongvanich said that the company was unable to find anyone who "allegedly took bribes".
Green energy.
In November 1993 former Prime Minister of Thailand Anand Panyarachun established the Thailand Business Council for Sustainable Development. In 2010, PTT President and CEO Prasert Bunsumpun announced that PTT would expand into producing more renewable energy.
PTT has many subsidiaries, including PTTGC, TOP, BCP, and PTTEP, all of which are working towards producing more environmentally friendly energy. In 2014, Bangchak Petroleum completed its Sunny Bangchak project, a 38-megawatt silicon photovoltaic power plant, the largest of its kind in Southeast Asia. In September 2014, Thai Oil Public Company Limited (TOP), another PTT subsidiary, was recognized as a leader in business sustainability by the Dow Jones Sustainability Index. Thai Oil (TOP) has proven to be an environmentally friendly company, with no reported violations of environmental laws.
The company also produces and distributes ethanol from sugarcane through various channels like Maesod Clean Energy, Sapthip, and Ubon Bio Ethanol. In August 2014, PTT Global Chemical (PTTGC) along with Diary Home and NatureWorks, announced their eco-friendly Ingeo bioplastics yoghurt cup. PTTGC seeks to become a major player in bio-based chemicals.

</doc>
<doc id="7021323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021323" title="Mark Jordan Legan">
Mark Jordan Legan

Mark Jordan Legan is an American television producer, writer, film historian and radio personality.
Career.
He has written for the television programs "Gary Unmarried", "Dave's World", "Grace Under Fire", "The Fighting Fitzgeralds", "A.N.T. Farm","Mighty Med" and "Chesapeake Shores".
He created the critically acclaimed satire "Thanks" and co-wrote the controversial terrorism comedy "The Cell", which landed him on the cover of the "New York Times" Arts &amp; Leisure section ("Funniest script in Hollywood that no one will ever make.").
He appeared regularly on NPR's "Day to Day" where he wrote and hosted the "Bad Movie" podcasts that spotlight strange, weird and offbeat cinema from around the world. He also writes and hosts the video series, "NPR &amp; Slate's Summary Judgment" as well as "Summary Judgment" and "The Worst Cinematic Crap That's Ever Been Made" for SlateV.com. He now is a regular contributor to public radio stations KPCC and KCRW in Southern California, where his latest pop culture segment, The Binge, can be heard monthly.
Mark recently launched a brand new podcast "Film Freaks Forever" with his friend and frequent writing partner, Phoef Sutton. It can be heard at all the major podcast sites.

</doc>
<doc id="7021328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021328" title="Summa Health Systems">
Summa Health Systems



</doc>
<doc id="7021339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021339" title="Hickey Freeman">
Hickey Freeman

Hickey Freeman is a manufacturer of suits for men and boys, which was founded in Rochester, New York, US, in 1899, and operated a factory there from 1908 until 2023. In 2023, ownership of the brand name and the historic factory diverged, with production of Hickey-Freeman branded clothing, currently owned by Authentic Brands Group, being moved to Mexican facilities operated by Peerless Clothing. 
The factory in Rochester was sold to the Tom James Company, owners of the similar but distinct "H. Freeman" brand. The factory operations were renamed Rochester Tailoring Company, and continue to produce suiting under that name and for a number of contracts, including for the US Military and the clothing company Epaulet.
History.
During the 1880s and 1890s, Jeremiah G. Hickey (1866–1960) was a bookkeeper for Wile, Brickner &amp; Wile, then the largest manufacturer of men's clothing in Rochester. His close friend Jacob L. Freeman (died 1925) was a private contractor of the firm. Together with fellow Wile, Brickner &amp; Wile employees Thomas Mahon and George A. Brayer, they formed Hickey, Freeman, &amp; Mahon Co. in 1899. Since Jeremiah ("Jerry") Hickey contributed the most capital, and Mahon made no original investment, the name was changed in 1900 to the Hickey-Freeman Co. 
In 1902, the company was able to take over the business and the larger premises of Michael Kolb &amp; Co. Hickey-Freeman grew even more, and in 1908 it merged with Beckel, Baum &amp; Leopold Co., retaining the Hickey-Freeman name. The president of Beckel, Baum &amp; Leopold Co. was Emmett Baum, who became vice-president of Hickey-Freeman Co. after the merger. Baum was largely responsible for Hickey-Freeman's decision in 1908 to manufacture only high quality clothing. At that time, ready-to-wear suits were seldom made with hand-craftsmanship of any quality, but Hickey-Freeman recognized the importance of quality in the manufacture of men's clothing.
By 1912, Hickey-Freeman Co. had amassed enough capital and business to build a larger, more modern factory on N. Clinton Ave. on the city's northern outskirts. Known as The Temple, this location was chosen in order to retain the company's skilled workers, after a survey showed that a majority of the company's employees lived within walking distance of this area. Although the new factory was one of the most complete facilities of its kind in the country, it became necessary for Hickey-Freeman to add space to the building twice more during the 1920s, to accommodate the company's increased volume and over 1,700 employees.
The Hartmarx Corporation bought the company in 1964.
In 2004, the factory underwent extensive renovations, funded in part by $4 million in state taxpayer money and $1 million from Rochester city taxpayers.
Hartmarx went bankrupt in the USA in 2009 and their assets were acquired n August 2009 by Emerisque Brands UK and its partner SKNL North America and moved into the HMX holding company. In 2012, Authentic Brands Group, an intellectual property corporation with a mandate to acquire, manage and build long-term value in prominent consumer brands, purchased HMX, including Hickey Freeman. 
In 2013, Grano Retail Investments Inc., also owner of luxury tailored menswear brand Samuelsohn Ltd., acquired the tangible assets of Hickey Freeman including the Rochester factory, and a forty year license to the Hickey-Freeman brand name.
In 2020, amid the COVID-19 pandemic, Hickey Freeman shifted its production to manufacture masks and other personal protective equipment for doctors and medical workers.
On May 18, 2023, it was announced that the manufacturing of Hickey Freeman branded suits would be moved to Mexico with design and production contracted to Peerless Clothing.
The Rochester factory continued to make clothing for other brands, so all workers were able to keep their jobs. The factory also announced plans rebrand as "Rochester Tailored Clothing", and will be opening a retail store in Rochester. The Tom James Co. purchased the former Hickey Freeman factory in 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="7021341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021341" title="Friedrich Reck-Malleczewen">
Friedrich Reck-Malleczewen

Friedrich Percyval Reck-Malleczewen (11 August 1884 – February 1945) was a German author. His best-known work is "Diary of a Man in Despair", a journal in which he expressed his passionate opposition to Adolf Hitler and Nazism. He was eventually arrested by the Nazis and murdered at the Dachau concentration camp.
Life and work.
Friedrich (Fritz) Reck-Malleczewen was born on the estate of Malleczewen, Masuria (Maleczewo, Poland), the son of the Prussian politician and landowner Hermann Reck. He originally wanted to be a musician, and at one point studied medicine in Innsbruck. He served as an officer in the Prussian Army but was dismissed due to diabetes, and later married Anna Louise Büttner in 1908. They had three daughters and a son before divorcing in 1930.
Graduating in 1911, Reck was a ship's doctor, in American waters, for a year. Thereafter he moved to Stuttgart to become a journalist and theatre critic for the "Süddeutsche Zeitung", moving to Pasing near Munich in 1914. In 1933 Reck converted to Catholicism, and in 1935 he married Irmgard von Borcke, with whom he had another three daughters.
Throughout the 1920s and 1930s, Reck was also a novelist, mainly of children's adventure stories. One book, "Bomben auf Monte Carlo", has been filmed four times. Many of his books were banned by the Nazis, and more were not published until years after his death. In 1937 he published a historical novel on the Münster rebellion, "Bockelson: History of a Mass Delusion", seen as a critical allegory of Hitler and Nazism. Today his best-known work is "Diary of a Man in Despair" ("Tagebuch eines Verzweifelten"), his journal of life as a dissident intellectual under dystopian Nazi rule. It was published for the first time in 1947, republished in 1970 in English translation by Paul Rubens, and reissued by New York Review Books in 2013. A "New York Times" review of the book at the time of the 1970 publication said "It is stunning to read, for it is not often that invective reaches the level of art, and rarer still that hatred assumes a tragic grandeur."
Arrest and death.
Reck noted in his journal, in October 1944, that the Nazi authorities were becoming suspicious of him. On 13 October, he was arrested and charged under German military law with the serious offence of "undermining the morale of the armed forces," which could be punished by death on the guillotine. After some days in prison, he was released following the surprise intervention of an SS general. However, he was arrested again on 31 December and charged with "insulting the German currency." This appeared to be the result of a letter he had written to his publisher, in which he had complained that the inflation rate was eroding the value of his royalties. On 9 January 1945, he was transferred to the Dachau concentration camp, where accounts of his death differ; one source suggests that Reck was executed there 23 February, shot in the neck ("Genickschuss"), while the official death certificate recorded a death from typhus on February 16.
In April 1945 Dutch writer Nico Rost encountered a man leaving the camp infirmary claiming to be Reck. The story would be later recanted in his book "Goethe in Dachau". This has cast the exact date and time of his death into some debate however very few believe the man Rost encountered was Reck. 

</doc>
<doc id="7021344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021344" title="Letter to a Child Never Born">
Letter to a Child Never Born

Letter to a Child Never Born (, 1975) is a novel by Italian author and journalist Oriana Fallaci. It is written as a letter by a young professional woman (presumably Fallaci herself) to the fetus she carries in utero; it details the woman's struggle to choose between a career she loves and an unexpected pregnancy, explaining how life works with examples of her childhood, and warning him/her about the unfairness of the world. The English translation was first published in 1976.
The book sold four million copies worldwide. 

</doc>
<doc id="7021345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021345" title="Summa health system">
Summa health system



</doc>
<doc id="7021358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021358" title="PTT Thailand">
PTT Thailand



</doc>
<doc id="7021365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021365" title="Por Tor Thor">
Por Tor Thor



</doc>
<doc id="7021367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021367" title="Dr. Gero Cup">
Dr. Gero Cup



</doc>
<doc id="7021373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021373" title="PTT Plc">
PTT Plc



</doc>
<doc id="7021379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021379" title="PTT PLC">
PTT PLC



</doc>
<doc id="7021384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021384" title="Faith Popcorn">
Faith Popcorn

Faith Popcorn (born Faith Plotkin, May 11, 1943) is a futurist, author, and founder and CEO of the marketing consulting firm BrainReserve. She has written three best selling books:"The Popcorn Report" (1991), "Clicking" (1996), and "EVEolution" (2000).
Biography.
Born as Faith Plotkin, she later legally changed her name to "Faith Popcorn." She was born in New York City, where both of her parents were lawyers and spent her early childhood in Shanghai before returning to the United States. She attended the High School of Performing Arts in New York City, followed by New York University. Accepted into NYU Law School, she decided instead to go into advertising in the early 1970s, which she said she considered to be more glamorous.
After working in advertising for eight years, she founded the marketing consulting firm BrainReserve in 1974. It works with companies to identify future trends that will affect their business. Popcorn is reported to have advised Coca-Cola, in 1981, to go into bottled water and to have told Kodak in the late 1980s to go into digital instead of print.
She coined terms like "cocooning" ("the impulse to stay inside when the outside gets too tough and scary", such as turning a home into a nest) and "Cashing Out" ("the impulse to change one's life to a slower and more rewarding pace", sometimes manifested by people who quit corporate jobs). Her company created a "TalentBank" of 10,000 experts who provide forecasts about trends across many topics. It also analyzes newspapers, magazine and other sources, and conducts thousands of consumer interviews to spot future trends.
Predictions.
In a series of nine 2006 predictions of major trends, she forecast a cultural trend toward more physical contact, including "mechanized hugging booths." She also said that "second hand nostalgia" would become a trend and that advances in genetics might allow people to custom design pets with bits of their own DNA so their dogs and cats resembled them. Other examples from this series of predictions included "mood tuning" products, such as clothing infused with "neuro-chemicals" to enhance confidence or mental acuity, and demand for exercising "brain fitness", possibly manifesting itself in "brain trainers" to exercise recall or "retort coaches" to help people sharpen their wit.
A 2008 "Los Angeles Times" entertainment section article, following Popcorn's predictions over a period of five years, credited her with identifying trends such as "food coaches" and "transcouture". In 2014, she predicted to "The Hollywood Reporter" that films would become immersive events, taking place all around the viewer, who could choose their own avatar as characters. She also predicted fan films, similar to fan fiction. In 2015, she renewed her 1991 prediction that "humanoid robots" would become companions and workers. At an IBM-sponsored conference, she predicted robots would replace one third of jobs in the developed world and that governments would initiate a "disemployment tax" as an incentive to keep people employed. She forecasted virtual reality vacations and said that the average adult would work for several companies simultaneously.
Business book author William A. Sherden takes a skeptical view of her ideas about cocooning. He provides statistics showing double-digit percentage growth in activities outside the home in the five years following her prediction. The U.S. Postal Service paid $566,000 to Popcorn to envision a viable future for the post office, an engagement that was criticized by Republican Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma in a list of 100 examples of "wasteful" spending.
Personal life.
Popcorn lives in Manhattan and Wainscott, Long Island. She is single and has two adopted children.

</doc>
<doc id="7021386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021386" title="Uttam Sarkar">
Uttam Sarkar

Uttam Kumar Sarkar (born 1986) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays for Dhaka Division in Bangladeshi domestic cricket. During the 2005–06 season, he also played for Security Express in the Corporate League and Kalabagan in the Premier League for clubs. Sarkar has also played for the Bangladesh Cricket Control Board Academy in Pakistan, and was selected for a Bangladesh "B team" of 13 for practice matches ahead of the 2006 ICC Champions Trophy.
Sarkar made his first-class debut in January 2004, when he played for Dhaka against Rajshahi Division, and scored 26 runs in two innings as a specialist batsman. Then, he disappeared from the first-class scene, and though he played in club matches in the late months of 2005, he only returned to first-class cricket with a half-century in a National One-Day League match which led Dhaka Division to 116 for two, chasing 178 to win. Dhaka won by six wickets, and Sarkar was retained for the first-class fixture against Khulna the following day. After falling for 14 in the first innings, he returned to bat on the following day and was part of the season's highest opening partnership, adding 203 with Anwar Hossain. In his next first-class game, against Rajshahi Division, he was given the chance to bowl for the first time, and retrieved match figures of four for 41 from 18 overs: however, when Dhaka were set 349 to win in the final innings, Sarkar was bowled by Shafaq Al Zabir for an 11-ball duck.
Sarkar contributed three more first-class half-centuries during the season: one as Dhaka drew the match with Barisal, and 71 and 60 in a draw with Khulna Division. Three of his four first-class half-centuries thus came against Khulna, who finished bottom of the first-class league in the 2005–06 season, as was his only Man of the Match award, which came in a one-day game where he scored 124 and shared an opening stand of 199 with Anwar Hossain. This was the highest partnership of the one-day league that season. Dhaka won by 50 runs after totalling 296 for nine, with Sarkar first out: he had hit 17 fours and two sixes in his 124. In 2015 he joined Madhukhali cricket academy as main coach. He was also assistant coach of Faridpur district cricket academy. He comes from Madhukhali .

</doc>
<doc id="7021388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021388" title="PTT PCL">
PTT PCL



</doc>
<doc id="7021396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021396" title="Summa Health">
Summa Health

Summa Health is a for-profit integrated healthcare delivery system in Northeast Ohio, United States. The Greater Akron Chamber (Ohio) documents Summa Health as the largest employer in Summit County with more than 7,000 employees. Summa provides comprehensive emergency, acute, critical, outpatient and long-term/home care.
Summa Health's integrated healthcare system, encompasses a network of hospitals, multiple community-based health centers, a health plan (Summa Care), a multi-specialty group practice, an accountable care organization (ACO - New Health Collaborative), research and medical education and a foundation.
Outpatient care is offered throughout Summit, Stark, Wayne, Portage, and Medina counties in several community health centers. The healthcare system provides patient care, medical research, and continuing medical education, and is ranked a top healthcare provider in the region.
In 2023, Summa Health earned $1.86 billion in revenue. This include $1.3 billion from Summa Health hospitals, $5,000,000 from SummaCare, and $244 million from Summa Health Medical Group. Summa Health has 28.62% market share of primary care in the Akron metropolitan area.
History.
Summa Health System was formed in 1989 when Akron City Hospital and St. Thomas Hospital merged. Summa Health now encompasses a network of hospitals, community-based health centers, a health plan, a physician-hospital organization, an entrepreneurial entity, research, and medical education and a foundation.
More than 1,300 licensed, inpatient beds are represented on the Summa Health Akron Campus, Summa Health Rehab Hospital, and Summa Health Barberton Campus.
In January 2024, Venture Capital firm General Catalyst announced it has agreed to purchase Summa Health and reestablish it as a for-profit corporation. The sale to General Catalyst was announced at a price of $485 million.
Services.
Summa Health System specializes in advanced bariatric care, behavioral health, cancer care, cardiovascular, neurosciences, orthopedics, primary care, senior health, sports health, surgical services, urology and women’s health.
The Jean B. and Milton N. Cooper Pavilion on the Summa Akron Campus provides outpatient cancer services. The 60,000-square-foot facility includes physician and support staff offices; a conference center; and cancer-related services, including 28 infusion treatment areas, three radiation oncology treatment areas, diagnostic imaging, clinical research, rehabilitation services and educational and support services; and access to psychologists and physical therapists.
The Summa Wellness Institute is a 65,000-square-foot (6,000 m2) medical-based fitness facility in Hudson, Ohio. The institute integrates fitness amenities and medical technology. 
Locations and Facilities.
Summa Health System represents more than 1,300 licensed beds in the following clinical settings:
Outpatient care is provided to the Ohio counties of Summit, Portage, Medina, Stark and Wayne.

</doc>
<doc id="7021441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021441" title="Toot a Loop">
Toot a Loop



</doc>
<doc id="7021449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021449" title="Dr. Gerö Cup">
Dr. Gerö Cup



</doc>
<doc id="7021452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021452" title="Siege of Chihaya">
Siege of Chihaya

The 1333 siege of Chihaya took place during the final year of Japan's Kamakura period. It was one of several battles of the Genkō War, in which Emperor Go-Daigo sought to eliminate the power of the Hōjō clan regents. 
Background.
Chihaya-jō (千早城, Chihaya fortress) was built atop Mt. Kongō, in Kawachi province, in 1332. Successfully defended the following year by the Imperial forces led by Kusunoki Masashige, it would eventually fall to the Ashikaga shogunate in 1390.
Siege.
Kusunoki Masashige's defense of this fortress became a very classic siege in Japanese history. This was because both the Imperial garrison and the besieging force of the Hōjō demonstrated high levels of siegecraft. Kusunoki's success here made up for his loss two years earlier at the siege of Akasaka, where surrender was forced by the denial of water supplies. Unlike at Akasaka, however, Kusunoki made sure that Chihaya could stand effectively against many attacks, which included the Hōjō's use of movable bridges and fire. Kusunoki also employed many strategies such as dummy troops, and surprise raids.
The fortress' position near the summit of the mountain further aided in its defense, allowing Kusunoki's inferior numbers to not be a hindrance in such limited space. His forces employed their superior knowledge of the ridges and ravines of the area to great effect, ending in a successful defense and the enemy's retreat once they learned of the collapse of the Hojo Rokuhara troops in Kyoto.

</doc>
<doc id="7021456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021456" title="Danza de los voladores de papantla">
Danza de los voladores de papantla



</doc>
<doc id="7021472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021472" title="Frans Maassen">
Frans Maassen

Franciscus ("Frans") Albertus Antonius Johannes Maassen (born 27 January 1965 in Haelen, Limburg) is a directeur sportif. He was a professional road racing cyclist between 1987 and 1995. He completed seven Tour de France stage races, including the 1990 Tour de France where he was involved in the Stage 1 breakaway that caused the rest of the race to be the most surprising Tour in over a decade. He was the only one of the four breakaway riders not to wear the maillot jaune, but he won the stage. He twice won the Tour of Belgium, and won the 1994 Tour de Luxembourg.
Since 2005, Maassen has been the assistant directeur sportif of the Rabobank, a Netherlands-based UCI ProTour team.

</doc>
<doc id="7021482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021482" title="Commutative operation">
Commutative operation



</doc>
<doc id="7021497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021497" title="Tom Strauss, Summa Health System">
Tom Strauss, Summa Health System



</doc>
<doc id="7021505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021505" title="Thomas J. Strauss">
Thomas J. Strauss

Thomas J. Strauss, Pharm.D. is the President and CEO of Summa Health System, in Ohio.
Prior to joining Summa Health System in 1999, Strauss was the president of Meridia Health Services in Cleveland (which later merged with Cleveland Clinic Health System). For ten years, Strauss held a number of leadership positions with Meridia, including the leadership for the system, eight service lines, president of the eastern region, president of Meridia South Pointe Hospital, president of Meridia Suburban Hospital and president of Meridia Institute/Meridia Health Ventures.
Strauss also has experience in private industry and held several positions with Baxter Health Corporation (formerly American Hospital Supply Corporation), prior to his tenure at Meridia. The positions he held at Baxter included: vice president of Caremark Homecare, Inc.; zone director for Travacare Home Therapy; area operations manager for American Abbey Homecare and branch manager of American ContinueCare. A pharmacist by trade, Strauss was the assistant director of patient care modules at Allegheny General Hospital prior to joining Baxter in 1983.
Earning his doctor of pharmacy degree from Duquesne University in 1978, Strauss then completed his residency in pharmacology at Mercy Hospital.
Strauss is a member of the Akron Regional Hospital Association, the Greater Akron Chamber, the Cleveland Health Network, the United Way of Summit County, Akron Tomorrow, and the Ohio Hospital Association's CEO Committee on Advocacy and Policy.
He and his wife, Susan and have three sons.

</doc>
<doc id="7021506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021506" title="Bispham high school">
Bispham high school



</doc>
<doc id="7021508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021508" title="Canadian High Commission to Barbados">
Canadian High Commission to Barbados



</doc>
<doc id="7021516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021516" title="Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center station">
Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center station

The Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center station (formerly Atlantic Avenue/Pacific Street station) is a major New York City Subway station complex shared by the BMT Fourth Avenue Line, the BMT Brighton Line and the IRT Eastern Parkway Line. Named after Atlantic Avenue and the Barclays Center arena, it is located at Fourth and Flatbush Avenues' intersections with Atlantic Avenue and Pacific Street in Downtown Brooklyn. The complex is served by the 2, 4, D, N, Q and R trains at all times; the 3 train at all times except late nights; the 5 and B trains on weekdays during the day; and a few rush-hour W trains.
The Eastern Parkway Line platforms at Atlantic Avenue were built for the Interborough Rapid Transit Company (IRT) as a terminal station on the city's first subway line, which opened on May 1, 1908. The Fourth Avenue Line platforms of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company (BRT; later Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation or BMT) opened in 1915 as the Pacific Street station. As part of the Dual Contracts, the Brighton Line platform at Atlantic Avenue opened in 1920, and the Eastern Parkway Line platforms were modified to accommodate local and express service. There was also a station on the elevated Fifth Avenue Line at Atlantic Avenue, which operated from 1888 to 1940 and was not connected to the subway complex. Several modifications have been made to the complex over the years, and all three stations were connected to each other within fare control by 1978. The complex was renovated in the early 2000s. The control house has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1980, while the Brighton Line and Eastern Parkway Line stations have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2004.
The Eastern Parkway Line station under Flatbush Avenue has two side platforms, one island platform, and four tracks, while the parallel Brighton Line station has one island platform and two tracks. The Fourth Avenue Line station, running to the west under Fourth Avenue, has two island platforms and four tracks. The platforms are connected to each other and to the Long Island Rail Road (LIRR)'s Atlantic Terminal by several passageways. Numerous elevators make the complex compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA). As of 2023, it is the busiest subway station in Brooklyn and the 20th busiest station in the system, with nearly 10 million passengers.
History.
Original subway.
Construction.
Planning for a subway line in New York City dates to 1864. However, development of what would become the city's first subway line did not start until 1894, when the New York State Legislature passed the Rapid Transit Act. The subway plans were drawn up by a team of engineers led by William Barclay Parsons, the Rapid Transit Commission's chief engineer. The Rapid Transit Construction Company, organized by John B. McDonald and funded by August Belmont Jr., signed the initial Contract 1 with the Rapid Transit Commission in February 1900, in which it would construct the subway and maintain a 50-year operating lease from the opening of the line. In 1901, the firm of Heins &amp; LaFarge was hired to design the underground stations. Belmont incorporated the Interborough Rapid Transit Company (IRT) in April 1902 to operate the subway.
Several days after Contract 1 was signed, the Board of Rapid Transit Railroad Commissioners instructed Parsons to evaluate the feasibility of extending the subway south to South Ferry, and then to Brooklyn. On January 24, 1901, the Board adopted a route that would extend the subway from City Hall to the Long Island Rail Road (LIRR)'s Flatbush Avenue terminal station (now known as Atlantic Terminal) in Brooklyn, via the Joralemon Street Tunnel under the East River. Contract 2, which gave the IRT a 35-year lease, was executed between the commission and the Rapid Transit Construction Company on September 11, 1902. Work under Fulton Street and Flatbush Avenue in Brooklyn commenced in April 1904. The IRT line in Brooklyn had been proposed as a two-track line under Fulton Street, expanding to three tracks under Flatbush Avenue. Belmont submitted a revised proposal to the Rapid Transit Commission in April 1905 to widen the line to four tracks.
Opening.
The Joralemon Street Tunnel opened in January 1908 between Lower Manhattan and a temporary terminus at Borough Hall, the first underground subway station in Brooklyn. The line was to extend three more stops to Atlantic Avenue; this extension was nearly complete by March, except for the Atlantic Avenue station. The extension opened on May 1, 1908; the first train, an express from Manhattan, left Bowling Green at 1:02 a.m. and entered Atlantic Avenue sixteen minutes later. The extension's opening was marked with a parade and a poem praising Belmont. According to "The New York Times", the extension was "regarded as of the utmost importance" because it connected the IRT with the LIRR for the first time. The extension relieved congestion at the overcrowded Borough Hall station; trains from Atlantic Avenue were already crowded by the time they reached Borough Hall.
The Atlantic Avenue station originally had two tracks, with one island platform and two side platforms in a Spanish solution arrangement. Initially, the station was served by express trains along both the West Side (now the Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line to Van Cortlandt Park–242nd Street) and East Side (now the Lenox Avenue Line). Lenox local trains to 145th Street served the station during late nights. The Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company (BRT) extended its streetcar lines to the Atlantic Avenue station when the IRT extension opened. The LIRR and IRT also held discussions on the feasibility of running LIRR trains onto the IRT tracks to the Bronx, but this was not done because the LIRR did not have enough rolling stock.
To address overcrowding, in 1909, the New York Public Service Commission proposed lengthening the platforms at stations along the original IRT subway. As part of a modification to the IRT's construction contracts made on January 18, 1910, the company was to lengthen station platforms to accommodate ten-car express and six-car local trains. In addition to $1.5 million (equivalent to $ million in ) spent on platform lengthening, $500,000 (equivalent to $ million in ) was spent on building additional entrances and exits. It was anticipated that these improvements would increase capacity by 25 percent. The island platform at the Atlantic Avenue station on the modern Eastern Parkway Line was extended to the east. On January 23 and 24, 1911, ten-car express trains began running.
Dual Contracts expansion.
After the original IRT opened, the city began planning new lines. As early as 1903, Parsons had proposed constructing a four-track extension of the IRT line under Flatbush Avenue, running southeast from Atlantic Avenue to Grand Army Plaza; from there, two branches would have extended south to Flatbush and east to Brownsville. This plan did not progress for a decade due to various disputes over the original subway. Nonetheless, the Atlantic Avenue station was never intended as the permanent terminus of the line, and various proposals for extensions and spurs were put forth. In 1908, the IRT unsuccessfully proposed a two-track subway line across the Manhattan Bridge to Canal Street in Manhattan; this line would have used the outer tracks at the Atlantic Avenue and Nevins Street stations, then diverged from the original line to cross the Manhattan Bridge.
Fourth Avenue Line.
The New York City Board of Estimate approved the construction of the Fourth Avenue Line, a subway line running under Fourth Avenue, in early 1908. Contracts for the Fourth Avenue Line were awarded on May 22, 1908, for the section between 43rd Street and the Manhattan Bridge, but the Board of Estimate did not approve them until October 29, 1909, when a taxpayer's lawsuit regarding the city's debt was settled. Groundbreaking for the first section of the subway, between DeKalb Avenue and 43rd Street (ending at 36th Street), took place on November 13, 1909, at DeKalb Avenue and Flatbush Avenue, after the plans and surveys for the line were completed. The Fourth Avenue Line was assigned to the BRT (after 1923, the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation or BMT) in the Dual Contracts, a series of contracts for the construction, rehabilitation, and operation of rapid transit lines in New York City, which were adopted on March 4, 1913.
William Bradley built the portion of the line from the intersection of Fulton Street and Ashland Place to the intersection of Fourth Avenue and Sackett Street, including the Pacific Street station. This section passed under the existing IRT subway and required the relocation of a sewer. Because of the presence of the sewer, the section under Flatbush Avenue was built in two pieces; the eastern part of the tunnel was built first, followed by the western part. The president of the IRT wrote a letter to the Public Service Commission, complaining that the Fourth Avenue Line's construction was damaging the IRT station at Atlantic Avenue. The South Brooklyn Board of Trade proposed in 1910 to change the Pacific Street station from an express stop to a local stop, as well as changing the Ninth Street and DeKalb Avenue stations from local to express stops, but this was not done. By January 1912, the tunnel containing the Pacific Street station had been completed, and contractors were installing station finishes. D. C. Serber received a contract to install the station finish along the northbound local track, as well as various other station finishes, in early June 1915.
The Pacific Street station opened on June 22, 1915, as part of an extension of the subway to Coney Island, which included the Fourth Avenue Line north of 59th Street as well as the entire Sea Beach Line. The station's opening was marked with a competition between two trains heading from Chambers Street station in Manhattan to the Coney Island station, one heading via the West End Line and the other via the Sea Beach Line; the latter got to Coney Island first. As an express station, the Pacific Street station was originally long to accommodate eight-car trains. Workers also built a passageway from the Fourth Avenue Line's Pacific Street station to the IRT's Atlantic Avenue station, which was completed by late 1915. The tunnel was not opened along with the rest of the Fourth Avenue Line station, since the IRT and BRT could not reach an agreement on splitting maintenance costs. Following pressure from Public Service Commissioner Travis H. Whitney, the two companies opened the passageway on October 4, 1916, while they worked out an agreement.
Brighton Line and Eastern Parkway Line extension.
Two lines under Flatbush Avenue, one each operated by the BRT and IRT, were also approved as part of the Dual Contracts. The IRT was authorized to extend its Brooklyn line under Flatbush Avenue, with a four-track route paralleling the BRT's subway southeast of the existing Atlantic Avenue station. The BRT route, an extension of the Brighton Line, was to run under Flatbush Avenue and St. Felix Street in Downtown Brooklyn, with a station at Atlantic Avenue. This station would connect not only with the original IRT and the LIRR, but also with the Fourth Avenue Line station at Pacific Street. The BRT route was originally planned as a four-track line. Groundbreaking for the lines under Flatbush Avenue took place in May 1914, by which point the BRT line was reduced to two tracks. The Cranford Company was contracted to build two sections of the Flatbush Avenue tunnel, extending from Fulton Street to Grand Army Plaza, in mid-1914.
The IRT's architects filed plans in mid-1915 for the construction of a glass structure on the south side of Atlantic Avenue, just outside the station, which was to contain stores. By 1918, the Atlantic Avenue station had become a bottleneck for IRT service, although the completion of the Dual Contracts was expected to alleviate the station's congestion. The Dual Contracts expansions necessitated that the station be widened to four tracks, so the original island platform was shaved back, allowing the IRT to install two tracks to the inside of the existing tracks. The island platform served IRT Lexington Avenue Line trains, while the side platforms were to serve trains using the Clark Street Tunnel and the IRT Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line, after the original IRT line was split into an "H" system in 1918. To allow this new service pattern, the Rapid Transit Commission allocated $300,000 in May 1918 for the construction of new track connections at the Times Square, Borough Hall, and Atlantic Avenue stations. By 1917, new track crossovers had been installed at the IRT's Atlantic Avenue station, and a set of temporary platforms were removed after the two new tracks had been added. The connection between the southern ends of the platforms was removed, and a second underpass at the south end of the station opened in early 1919. Large signs were installed near some station entrances to help passengers who were transferring from BRT streetcar routes. The Public Service Commission also gave passengers maps of the revised station and track layout.
Meanwhile, for the construction of the Brighton Line's Atlantic Avenue station, the BRT sought an easement from the LIRR because the route was to run partially under Atlantic Terminal. To the north of Atlantic Avenue, the BRT line was to be built under St. Felix Street and then Fulton Street, while to the south, it would run parallel to the four-track IRT line under Flatbush Avenue. Construction of the segment of the line under St. Felix Street, including the Atlantic Avenue station, was delayed due to disagreements with the LIRR, which did not grant the New York City government an easement until 1915. The LIRR agreed to build a concrete slab beneath its terminal for $250,000, allowing the BRT to build its station underneath. The Degnon Construction Company was hired to build the short section of tunnel under St. Felix Street for $810,265 in March 1916. The Brighton Line platform had to be placed at a relatively deep level, necessitating the construction of an escalator. The Transit Commission began soliciting bids in July 1919 for the installation of station finishes at the Brighton Line's Atlantic Avenue station. Charles H. Brown submitted a low bid of approximately $86,000 for this contract, which was then awarded to P. N. Brown &amp; Co. at that price. By that December, the station was 98 percent completed.
Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line trains began operating to the IRT's Atlantic Avenue station after the Clark Street Tunnel opened in 1919. These trains originally terminated on the northbound local track. Express trains began operating on the Eastern Parkway Line when it was extended to Utica Avenue on August 23, 1920, although all off-peak trains from Manhattan continued to terminate at Atlantic Avenue until early 1921. The BRT Brighton Line's Atlantic Avenue station opened on August 1, 1920, providing direct service between the existing Brighton Line and Midtown Manhattan.
1920s to 1950s.
As part of an agreement with the IRT and BRT, the New York Telephone Company installed payphones at the Atlantic Avenue station in September 1920, making the station one of the first to receive such phones. In 1922, the Rapid Transit Commission awarded a contract to the Wagner Engineering Company for the installation of navigational signs at the Atlantic Avenue station and several other major subway stations. The IRT platforms received blue-and-white signs, while the BRT platforms received red-white-and-green navigational signs.
Also in 1922, the New York State Transit Commission commissioned its engineers to examine platform-lengthening plans for 23 stations on the lines of the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation (BMT), the successor to the BRT, to accommodate eight-car trains. As part of the project, platforms would be lengthened to . Though the Transit Commission ordered the BMT to lengthen these platforms in September 1923, no further progress was made until February 16, 1925, when the New York City Board of Transportation (BOT) commissioned its engineers to examine platform-lengthening plans for Pacific Street and eleven other stations along the Fourth Avenue Line. It estimated the project would cost $633,000 (). The Brighton Line platform at Atlantic Avenue was also to be lengthened to accommodate eight-car trains. The New York City Board of Estimate appropriated $362,841 for the lengthening of the platforms at Pacific Street, Atlantic Avenue, and four other stations in January 1926 and awarded the contract to Charles Meads &amp; Company early the next month. The platform extensions at Atlantic Avenue and Pacific Street opened on August 1, 1927. The eastbound IRT local platform at Atlantic Avenue also needed to be lengthened, but, according to witness testimony in 1926, only by about .
In February 1928, bids were received by the BOT on a project to remove kiosk subway entrances from the median of Fourth Avenue and to relocate them to the sidewalk to improve safety for transit riders. As part of the project, the station entrances at Pacific Street, along with at 36th Street and 59th Street, would be relocated. In addition, malls between 44th Street and 47th Street would be reduced in width, and the malls from 61st Street to 58th Street, and from 36th Street to Atlantic Avenue would be removed. Mezzanines would be constructed to allow riders to cross Fourth Avenue below street level. Work would be completed within six months. As part of a pilot program, the BMT installed silencers on turnstiles at the Fourth Avenue Line's Pacific Street station in August 1930.
The city government took over the BMT's operations on June 1, 1940, and the IRT's operations on June 12, 1940. The BOT announced plans in November 1949 to extend platforms at several IRT stations, including Atlantic Avenue, to accommodate all doors on ten-car trains. Although ten-car trains already operated on the line, the rear car could not open its doors at the station because the platforms were so short. Funding for the platform extensions was included in the city's 1950 capital budget. The New York City Transit Authority (NYCTA) announced plans in 1956 to add fluorescent lights throughout the IRT portion of the station. In July 1959, the NYCTA announced that it would install fluorescent lighting at the Fourth Avenue Line station and five other stations along the Fourth Avenue Line for between $175,000 and $200,000. Bids on the project were to be advertised on August 7, 1959, and completed by fall 1960.
1960s to 1980s.
In August 1961, NYCTA chairman Charles Patterson announced a $2.5 million project to reconfigure the tracks between Nevins Street and Atlantic Avenue, reducing the travel time between the two stations by up to one minute. The platforms at the two stations would be extended to accommodate 10-car trains, as opposed to the eight and nine-car trains that they could serve at the time, and the tracks between the two stations would be straightened. During the 1964–1965 fiscal year, the Brighton Line platforms at Atlantic Avenue, along with those at six other stations on the Brighton Line, were lengthened to to accommodate a ten-car train of IND cars, or a nine-car train of BMT cars.
Passengers had advocated for the passageway between the stations to be placed within fare control as early as 1949. The transfer between the Brighton Line and Eastern Parkway Line was placed within fare control until November 26, 1967, to alleviate congestion caused by major service changes related to the opening of the Chrystie Street Connection. On January 16, 1978, the Fourth Avenue Line station was placed within the same fare control area as the two other stations in the complex. This eliminated the need for passengers to pay a second fare to transfer between the Fourth Avenue Line and either the Eastern Parkway Line or the Brighton Line. In addition, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) planned to construct a passageway between the LIRR and subway stations at Atlantic Avenue; at the time, an average of 8,000 passengers per day transferred from the LIRR to the subway.
The MTA announced in late 1978 that it would modernize the Atlantic Avenue/Pacific Street station. The improvements included new finishes on the walls and floors; acoustical, signage, and lighting improvements; replacement of old mechanical equipment; and new handrails. A further renovation of the Atlantic Avenue station was funded in 1983 as part of the MTA's capital plan. The renovation was supposed to begin in 1983 but was postponed to 1989 due to various issues such as cost overruns. The complex was planned to be renovated for $26.6 million, but MTA officials diverted funding for the project in December 1989 to cover a budget shortfall. To discourage crime, the MTA also installed CCTV cameras at the Atlantic Avenue IRT station in 1989.
1990s to present.
The MTA requested funding for the station's renovation as part of its 1990–1994 capital program. In April 1993, the New York State Legislature agreed to give the MTA $9.6 billion for capital improvements. Some of the funds would be used to renovate nearly one hundred New York City Subway stations, including all three stations at Atlantic Avenue–Pacific Street. About $49 million in funding was allotted to the Atlantic Avenue station's renovation, but, by mid-1993, the city indicated that it might not be able to provide these funds. In 1994, the administration of mayor Rudy Giuliani proposed delaying the station's renovation; the project was indefinitely deferred later the same year. The Brighton Line and Fourth Avenue Line stations at Atlantic Avenue/Pacific Street were also supposed to receive elevators, as part of the MTA's plan to make dozens of "key stations" accessible to passengers with disabilities. By 1993, the elevator installations had been postponed to 2002 due to a lack of money.
Local newspaper "Newsday" wrote that the station suffered from chipped tiles, missing ceiling sections, and flaking plasterwork and that some of the damage had been painted in an attempt to hide the deterioration. At the time, the subway station and adjacent LIRR terminal saw 50 million passengers per year, and a major mixed-use development was being planned for the area above the station. A pair of Palestinians plotted to bomb the station in 1997, but police thwarted the attack.
Renovation.
On January 21, 1997, work began on a 42-month project to widen Flatbush Avenue from six to eight lanes near Hanson Place and Atlantic Avenue and to waterproof and repair the roof of the IRT station. The MTA announced the same month that it would award an $11 million design contract for the renovation the following month. At the time, the project was to cost $147 million. A joint venture of de Domenico + Partners and Parsons Brinckerhoff was hired to design the project, which included a new LIRR entrance, a new lower mezzanine below the IRT station, and ventilation improvements. The MTA approved plans in March 1998 to renovate the Atlantic Avenue–Pacific Street subway station and the adjoining LIRR terminal, as well as build the Atlantic Terminal shopping mall above the station. Work on the stations' renovation began in 2000, and work on the shopping mall commenced the next year.
When the renovation began, workers dug two temporary holes, through which they installed supports measuring long to carry the weight of the street above. The supports allowed workers to excavate the entire site at once and reduced construction time by one year. The entire IRT station had to be supported by crossbeams hanging from the roof of the station box; the station was also supported by conventional columns from below. The installation of these supports required extensive pile testing because this technique had never been used on the New York City Subway system. The subway infrastructure under Flatbush Avenue, as well as the avenue itself, were collectively raised by less than an inch.
As part of the project, contractors built or rebuilt fifteen stairs. The MTA also re-tiled the walls and floors, upgraded the station's lights and the public address system, and installed new trackbeds for local and express trains entering the IRT station. The passageway between the Atlantic Avenue and Pacific Street portions of the complex was widened from . An escalator was replaced at Hanson Place, and a new station entrance was added there. The station house was also temporarily relocated for restoration, then moved back to its original site. To approximate the original look of the station house, contractors ordered bricks from Minnesota for $4 apiece. In 2004, the Brighton and Eastern Parkway lines' platforms were added to the NRHP. Additionally, eight elevators were installed throughout the station complex at a cost of $77.9 million. When the elevators were completed, disabled riders could only enter one car of IRT express trains because part of that platform was too narrow. The entire IRT express platform became accessible in 2007 after the MTA spent $360,000 to relocate two stair railings.
Later modifications.
In June 2009, the MTA sold the naming rights of the station complex to Barclays, who had also bought the naming rights to the under-construction Barclays Center sports arena, for 20 years at $200,000 per year. It was one of the few such renames in the system; following this renaming, the MTA considered selling the naming rights of other subway stations. A new entrance through the station, the Atlantic Terminal Pavilion, opened in 2010. As part of a pilot program, digital announcement boards, train countdown clocks, and improved intercom systems were installed in the station the same year. In advance of Barclays Center's opening, the station was renamed Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center in May 2012. A new entrance serving the arena, which includes stairs, escalators, and an elevator, opened in September 2012 at a cost of $76 million. The new entrance, originally budgeted at $29 million, required digging a hole measuring deep and wide.
The MTA announced in December 2021 that it would install wide-aisle fare gates for disabled passengers at five subway stations, including Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center, by mid-2022. The implementation of these fare gates was delayed; the MTA's chief accessibility officer indicated in February 2023 that the new fare gates would be installed at the Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center and stations shortly afterward. The MTA announced in late 2022 that it would open customer service centers at 15 stations; the centers would provide services such as travel information and OMNY farecards. The first six customer service centers, including one at the Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center station, were to open in early 2023. The Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center station's customer service center opened in February 2023. In April 2025, the MTA announced plans to install taller fare gates with glass panels at 20 stations, including the Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center station. The fare gates would be manufactured by Cubic Transportation Systems, Conduent, Scheidt &amp; Bachmann, and STraffic as part of a pilot program to reduce fare evasion.
Station layout.
The station complex consists of three stations: those of the Eastern Parkway Line, Brighton Line, and Fourth Avenue Line. The Fourth Avenue Line station runs in a southwest-northeast direction under Fourth Avenue. The Eastern Parkway Line station runs in a northwest-southeast direction under Flatbush Avenue, next to the Long Island Rail Road's Atlantic Terminal, while the Brighton Line platform runs almost precisely north-south under the terminal. The Brighton Line platform is oriented with St. Felix Street and runs partly under private property.
The shallowest of the stations, the Eastern Parkway Line platforms, is at the same level as the Atlantic Terminal railway platforms and are only below street level. The second level below ground is the Fourth Avenue Line platforms, which are deep and have a mezzanine. The deepest is the Brighton Line platform, which is approximately deep and has two mezzanines above it. The Eastern Parkway Line and Brighton Line portions of the complex are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Mezzanines.
A passageway connects the Fourth Avenue Line platforms with the other platforms. This passageway was originally only wide but was widened to during the 2000s. At the western end of the passageway is a small mezzanine above the Fourth Avenue Line platforms, which has a fare control area and station agent's booth; the fare control area leads to exits at Fourth Avenue and Pacific Street. Originally, stairs led down from this passageway to the southbound IRT local platform, and additional stairs led to an underpass below the IRT platforms. The stairs to the southbound IRT local platform were replaced with a ramp during the 2000s renovation.
An underpass below all of the IRT platforms connects with the Fourth Avenue Line passage to the west and the Brighton Line and LIRR platforms to the east. Built as part of the original IRT station in 1908, it allowed IRT passengers to exit through the head house of Atlantic Terminal. The underpass was reconfigured and expanded as part of the early-2000s renovation, when elevators were built between the underpass and each IRT platform. In addition to a large stairway leading up to the Fourth Avenue Line passageway, two stairs lead from this underpass to the northbound IRT local platform, while three stairs lead to the IRT express platform. A set of turnstiles separates the Eastern Parkway Line mezzanine from a concourse leading to the LIRR station.
There is an additional underpass at the south end of the IRT station, which opened to the public in 1919. By the 2000s, this underpass had been closed to the public and converted to staff areas, and the stairs from either IRT local platform to the passageway had been removed. Another passageway between the Eastern Parkway and Brighton Line is present at the south end of the station, which also leads to an exit immediately adjacent to Barclays Center.
There are two mezzanines above the Brighton Line platform, which have wave-patterned wainscoting and white ceramic tiles. The lower mezzanine runs the entire length of the station. At the north end of the mezzanine is a set of high entry-exit turnstiles and a high exit-only gate, while the center of the mezzanine contains more high entry-exit turnstiles and a high exit-only gate. The rest of the lower mezzanine was closed to the public by the 2000s.
Artwork.
The station contains a sculpture by George Trakas, "Hook (Archean Reach), Line (Sea House), and Sinker (Mined Swell)", which was commissioned as part of the MTA Arts &amp; Design program and installed in 2004. The sculpture is placed under a skylight in the station's old control house, which is between the Fourth Avenue Line platforms and the other platforms, and includes a peephole and a boat-shaped steel structure. The walls of the mezzanine contain a wave-shaped granite wainscoting where the Fourth Avenue Line platforms (formerly the Pacific Street station) meet the other platforms (formerly the Atlantic Avenue station). In designing the sculpture, Trakas had intended to compare the station's role as a train hub with the maritime traffic on the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
Exits.
To the Fourth Avenue portion of the complex, there is a stair to the northwest corner of Fourth Avenue and Pacific Street. There is also a stair and elevator to the northeast corner of Fourth Avenue and Pacific Street. This elevator makes the Fourth Avenue Line station ADA-accessible.
To the Eastern Parkway/Brighton portion of the complex, there is a stair to the northwestern corner of Hanson Place and St. Felix Street, and a stair and elevator to the southwestern corner of Hanson Place and St. Felix Street. A passageway also leads from the Brighton Line station's upper mezzanine to the basement of the Williamsburgh Savings Bank Tower, as well as directly to the street within the building. Two stairs lead to the north side of Flatbush Avenue southeast of Hanson Place. One of the street stairs had a metal hood, dating from the original IRT station's opening, which was removed as part of the 2000s renovation. The station also has a direct exit to the LIRR's Atlantic Terminal station through both the IRT mezzanine and the northbound local platform. The Atlantic Terminal exit at Hanson Place and Flatbush Avenue is also ADA-accessible and leads to the Brighton Line and Eastern Parkway Line platforms.
A stair, an elevator, and a set of escalators lead to Barclays Center at the southeast corner of Atlantic and Flatbush Avenues. The elevator is privately maintained and, during the 2010s, was one of the least reliable in the New York City Subway system. This subway entrance has a sloped roof that faces Barclays Center and is surrounded by wooden benches and gray pavers. A green roof was installed above the subway entrance as part of the construction of Barclays Center Plaza. Formerly, a stair led to the sidewalk at the southeast corner of Flatbush and Atlantic Avenues, but this stair had been closed by the 2000s.
Control house.
The original IRT station house, also known as the control house, was designed by Heins &amp; LaFarge, who also designed elements of many of the original IRT subway stations. It is designed in the Flemish Renaissance style. Intended as an ornate entrance to the station, the building sits on a traffic island bounded by Atlantic Avenue, Fourth Avenue, and Flatbush Avenue, which is known as Times Plaza. The control house occupies an area of and was adjacent to what is now the IRT station's southbound local platform. The station house was one of several on the original IRT; similar station houses were built at Bowling Green, Mott Avenue, 72nd Street, 103rd Street, and 116th Street.
The one-story control contains exterior walls made of buff brick, with a water table made of granite blocks. Above the ground story of the structure, the north and south facades contain four square windows, above which is a row of dentils. The west and east facades each contain three window openings with metal screens, The north and south facades are topped by a set of Dutch Revival-style gables. Terracotta letters spelling the name "Atlantic Avenue" are placed on the sides of each gable. Above the letters are a flat lintel with a keystone, as well as a cartouche flanked by swags. Just below the roof, the west and east facades contain ventilation grilles. The roof itself is made of standing-seam copper.
The control house's original interior was gutted by the 1970s, when it was used as a concession stand. Despite being listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, the control house fell into decline over the years before being temporarily relocated during the station's 2000s renovation. Although the control house has since been restored, the actual entrance was removed and serves as a skylight into the IRT station. The skylight contains part of the "Hook, Line, and Sinker" artwork.
IRT Eastern Parkway Line platforms.
The Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center station (originally Atlantic Avenue station) is an express station on the IRT Eastern Parkway Line. The station has four tracks, one island platform, and two side platforms. The local tracks are used by 2 trains at all times; 3 trains at all times except late nights; and 4 trains at night. The express tracks are used by 4 trains at all times except late nights, as well as by 5 trains on weekdays during the day. On all routes, the next station to the north is . The next station to the south is for local trains and for express trains.
The platforms are all long; the southernmost of each platform was built in the early 1910s. Two stairs descend from the center of each side platform to the mezzanine connecting with the BMT and LIRR. Three stairs and an elevator descend from the center of the island platform to the mezzanine. The LIRR's Atlantic Terminal is just to the northeast of the northbound local platform, on the same level. There are turnstiles leading from the northbound local platform to the LIRR tracks; the station agent's booth for these turnstiles is located outside fare control, within the LIRR terminal. A second underpass, connecting only to the Brighton Line platforms, is at the southern end of each platform.
Design.
As with other stations built as part of the original IRT, the station was constructed using a cut-and-cover method. The tunnel is covered by a U-shaped trough that contains utility pipes and wires. The bottom of this trough contains a foundation of concrete no less than thick. Each platform consists of concrete slabs, beneath which are drainage basins. The platforms contain cast-iron columns with Tuscan capitals, spaced every . Additional columns between the tracks, spaced every , support the reinforced concrete station roofs. The ceiling above the platforms and tracks is made of flat concrete and is covered with plaster. There is a gap between the trough wall and the platform walls, which are made of -thick brick covered over by a tiled finish.
The walls adjacent to the local platforms consist of a pink marble wainscoting on the lowest part of the wall, measuring high. Above this wainscoting is a horizontal band of pink mosaic tiles as well as white ceramic tiles. The walls contain mosaic tile plaques with the name "Atlantic Avenue"; these are framed by multicolored mosaic bands with foliate and geometric patterns, which in turn are framed by pink mosaic tile. The mosaic tiles at all original IRT stations were manufactured by the American Encaustic Tile Company, which subcontracted the installations at each station. Along the platforms, there are faience plaques every , which depict tulips and scrolls flanking the letter "A". The plaques at the southern end of the southbound local platform are made of mosaic instead of faience. The northern end of the southbound local platform originally had glazed ceramic-block walls, while the northern end of the northbound platform has I-beam columns instead of round cast-iron columns. The express island platform has I-beam columns, and part of the floor is made of glass blocks.
Track layout.
The Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center station is one of three express stations in the New York City Subway system to have side platforms for local services and a center island platform for express services. The other two are the 34th Street–Penn Station stops on the IND Eighth Avenue Line and on the IRT Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line. This may have been done to reduce crowding, as cross-platform transfers could be made at the adjacent Nevins Street station. This arrangement was also a modification of the original station layout. When the Atlantic Avenue station opened in 1908, it was the terminal for the line and had two tracks, two side platforms, and one island platform. All of the platforms were connected at their southeastern end.
Northwest of the station, two trackways connected the LIRR's Atlantic Branch and the IRT line; only the northbound trackway was originally built. Vestiges of this track still exist. In addition, an unused trackway splits from the southbound local track for a proposed subway under Fourth Avenue (later built as the BMT Fourth Avenue Line). It merges with the Manhattan-bound express track and ends on a bumper block between the two express tracks at Nevins Street. Southeast of the station, there were provisions for two trackways to diverge to the LIRR's Atlantic Branch. The trackways to the southeast were never used but can be seen from public areas. 
BMT Brighton Line platform.
The Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center station (originally Atlantic Avenue station) on the BMT Brighton Line has two tracks and an island platform. The Q train stops at the station at all times, while the B train stops here on weekdays during the day. On both routes, the Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center station is between the DeKalb Avenue station to the north and the Seventh Avenue station to the south.
The platform contains tiled columns which support the ceiling. The walls next to the tracks are covered with white ceramic tiles and contain mosaic tablets with the station's name. At the top of the wall is a cornice composed of blue-and-buff panels, above which is a border with geometric motifs. There are mosaic plaques every , which have the letter "A". There is also an enamel sign pointing to the Brooklyn Academy of Music near the southern end of the platform. The platform was extended to the south in 1964–1965 to fit ten-car trains.
The platform has seven stairs: two to the Hanson Place exit at the north end (which does not link to any other platform), three to the main mezzanine, and two at the south end (which leads to both an exit immediately adjacent to Barclays Center and another mezzanine that connects to the IRT platforms). All of these stairs have white ceramic-tile walls.
North of this station, there is a bellmouth where the northbound track curves northwest onto Fulton Street. The bellmouth marks the location where the westbound track of the proposed Ashland Place Connection, which would have connected to the now-demolished BMT Fulton Street El, would have merged with the Brighton Line. The bellmouth was added to the plans for the Brighton Line tunnel in 1916; at the time the city could not afford to build the connection. South of the station, the Brighton Line tracks cross underneath the Eastern Parkway Line's northbound tracks and curve under Flatbush Avenue.
BMT Fourth Avenue Line platforms.
The Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center station (originally Pacific Street station then Atlantic Avenue–Pacific Street station) is an express station on the BMT Fourth Avenue Line that has four tracks and two island platforms. The station is served by , , and trains at all times, as well as limited trains during rush hours. R and W trains always make local stops, while D and N trains make express stops during the day and local stops during the night. The next station to the south is for local trains and for express trains. The next station to the north is DeKalb Avenue for local trains, Grand Street for express D trains via the Manhattan Bridge's north side and IND Sixth Avenue Line, and Canal Street for express N trains via the Manhattan Bridge's south side and BMT Broadway Line. To the north of the station, three switches connect the tracks.
The walls of the Pacific Street station were originally decorated with white tile and green marble. The color of the marble was intended to distinguish it from other stations on the Fourth Avenue Line. Within the tunnels north and south of the station, each of the BMT Fourth Avenue Line's four tracks is separated by a concrete wall, rather than by columns, as in older IRT tunnels. These walls were intended to improve ventilation, as passing trains would push air forward, rather than to the sides of the tunnel. At the Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center station, there is a wall between the two express tracks. Waterproofing was placed under the floor, on the side walls, and above the roof of the tunnel when the station was built.
At the north end of the BMT Fourth Avenue platforms, three stairs and one elevator from each platform go up to the main fare control area. This leads both to the passageway connecting to the rest of the complex, as well as to the exits on Pacific Street.
BMT Fifth Avenue Line station.
A separate, elevated station on the BMT Fifth Avenue Line, called the Atlantic Avenue station, was also located at Flatbush Avenue and Atlantic Avenue. The elevated station opened on November 5, 1888, as part of what was then called the Hudson and Flatbush Avenue route. The station had two tracks and one island platform and was also served by trains of the BMT Culver Line and BMT Fifth Avenue Line.
Originally, only one stair descended from the platform, which split into two flights midway between the platform and the street. On June 25, 1923, eight passengers died and many others were injured when two cars of a train coming from 65th Street Terminal derailed and fell toward Flatbush Avenue. With increased use of the subways compared to the elevated lines, and the completion of the unification of the city's subway systems, the Fifth Avenue Line was closed on June 1, 1940, and was demolished in 1941.
Ridership.
By 1913, the Atlantic Avenue station was the busiest on the IRT system, with 23 million riders entering it every year. The station complex, including the BMT elevated station, recorded 26.8 million annual riders by 1923, of which over half used the IRT station. By the mid-1980s, six million people on average entered the subway complex every year.
The Atlantic Avenue/Pacific Street station recorded 27,559 entries on an average weekday in 2005, making it the 33rd-busiest station in the system by weekday ridership. By 2010, there were about 35,000 riders entering the station every weekday, which increased to about 41,000 in 2014. As of 2019, the Atlantic Avenue–Barclays Center system is the busiest subway station in Brooklyn, with 13,939,794 passengers, and is ranked 20th overall. This amounted to an average of 43,498 passengers per weekday. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in New York City, ridership dropped drastically in 2020, with only 5,474,265 passengers entering the station that year. The station had 6,420,924 passengers in 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="7021520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021520" title="Burning the Witches">
Burning the Witches

Burning the Witches is the debut studio album by the German heavy metal band Warlock, released in 1984 through the Belgian independent label Mausoleum Records. The album was re-released in late 1984 by Vertigo Records, which went on to release all future Warlock albums.

</doc>
<doc id="7021533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021533" title="Barbadian High Commission to Canada">
Barbadian High Commission to Canada



</doc>
<doc id="7021542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021542" title="Edward Hull (geologist)">
Edward Hull (geologist)

Edward Hull (21 May 1829 – 18 October 1917) was an Irish geologist and stratigrapher who held the position of Director of the Geological Survey of Ireland. He was also a professor of geology in the Royal College of Science, Dublin. His dates are listed in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography.
Biography.
He was born in Antrim, Ireland, the eldest son of the Reverend J.D. Hull. He graduated B.A. from Trinity College, Dublin.
He joined the Geological Survey of Ireland and worked in Wales and on the Lancashire Coalfield. He worked for the Geological Survey of Scotland (1867-1868) and led an expedition to survey parts of Arabia Petraea and Palestine (1883). He became Director of the Irish branch of the Survey and retired in 1891. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in June 1867. He was President of the Royal Geological Society of Ireland in 1873.
His daughter Charlotte Ferguson-Davie became a noted physician. He died at his home in Notting Hill, London, aged 88. Edward Hull's obituarist wrote of him, "He maintained the honour of a gentleman."
Family.
Hull married in 1857 Mary Catherine Henrietta Cooke, daughter of Charles Turner Cooke, a surgeon in Cheltenham and his wife Catherine Bennett Cooke. They had a family of two sons and four daughters, who included Eleanor Hull and Charlotte Elizabeth Ferguson-Davie. Another daughter, Alice, married in 1896 John Hill Twigg (1841–1917) of the Indian Civil Service.

</doc>
<doc id="7021545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021545" title="Città Italiana, Montreal">
Città Italiana, Montreal



</doc>
<doc id="7021554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021554" title="Orthorexic">
Orthorexic



</doc>
<doc id="7021576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021576" title="8 Guys">
8 Guys

8 Guys is a short film written and directed by American comedian Dane Cook. It was released in 2003, and was produced by Barry Katz and Brian Volk-Weiss. In addition to Cook, the film features Alonzo Bodden, Jay Davis, John DiResta, Rusty Dooley, Gary Gulman, Robert Kelly, Kathleen Luong, and Wayne Previdi.
Plot.
Eight men share a tiny studio apartment in an anonymous American city. Dane angrily reminds his roommates that the apartment was meant for only one person, and that their landlord would evict them if he knew how many people were actually living there. None of the roommates will leave voluntarily, so Dane proposes a game to determine who will leave the apartment. The rules of the game are as follows: The first seven roommates to receive phone calls have to move out of the apartment. All incoming calls to the apartment will be screened through the answering machine. The speaker must pronounce a roommate's name clearly in order for it to count. In addition to moving out, the eliminated roommate must leave his most prized possession behind. The last remaining roommate wins sole occupancy of the apartment.

</doc>
<doc id="7021585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021585" title="Ernie Rudolph">
Ernie Rudolph

Ernest William Rudolph (February 13, 1909 – January 13, 2003) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in seven games, all in relief, for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1945. The 36-year-old rookie right-hander stood and weighed .
Rudolph is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on June 16, 1945 against the Boston Braves at Braves Field. His lone major league win came eleven days later in a 6–5 victory over the Chicago Cubs at Ebbets Field.
Season and career totals for 7 games include a 1–0 record, 2 games finished, and an ERA of 5.19 in innings pitched.
Rudolph is the only player from the short-lived Twin Ports League to ever play in the majors.
Rudolph died in his hometown of Black River Falls, Wisconsin at the age of 93.

</doc>
<doc id="7021589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021589" title="2006 US Open Seeds">
2006 US Open Seeds



</doc>
<doc id="7021595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021595" title="Chris Portugal (musician)">
Chris Portugal (musician)



</doc>
<doc id="7021615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021615" title="Jontz, Jim">
Jontz, Jim



</doc>
<doc id="7021617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021617" title="KWKD-LD">
KWKD-LD



</doc>
<doc id="7021620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021620" title="John Bloom (businessman)">
John Bloom (businessman)

John Bloom (8 November 1931 – 3 March 2019) was a British entrepreneur, best known for his role in the "Washing Machine Wars" of 1962–64 when he drastically reduced prices by direct sales that cut out the retailers. His company Rolls Razor made great inroads into the market but several manufacturers obtained injunctions to stop them selling at below the fixed retail price. His operation was also hit by a long postal strike and the withdrawal of a major backer, forcing the company into liquidation. Bloom was a controversial figure whose aggressive techniques shook up a complacent market but who gave new power to the consumer. His often-repeated motto "it's no sin to make a profit" became the title of his memoirs.
Early life and education.
Bloom was born John Bloomstein in Hackney in London's East End on 8 November 1931 to Orthodox Jewish parents. Bloom's father, Sam, was born in Austria and was a tailor. His mother Dora was of Sephardic background. He attended Hackney Downs School which he left aged 16.
RAF.
He then tried a number of jobs before National Service in the Royal Air Force. Bloom was initially posted to No.3 Radio School at RAF Compton Bassett near Calne, Wiltshire for training as a signalman. It was there that he started his first enterprise. He noticed that a local coach company, "Cards Coaches" of Devizes, provided coaches to the RAF under contract. On Saturday afternoons these took airmen from the base to London on 36-hour passes. With a friend who ran a coach company in Stoke Newington, Bloom undercut "Cards Coaches" by half. "Cards" took Bloom to court but the judge sided with Bloom who declared that "it's no sin to make a profit", which later became his motto. Bloom was later posted to Bletchley Park and then Bush House in the Aldwych, London, on the grounds that his mother was unwell; she died some years later from a form of multiple sclerosis.
Washing machines.
After the RAF, he initially worked as a salesman for a company selling Dutch-made washing machines door-to-door. After a while, he decided to start his own company and tried to buy machines from the Netherlands. With little money or credit this was difficult, but eventually he made a deal with a factory in Utrecht. He advertised them under the name "Electromatic". They were twin-tub machines with a washer and separate spin-drier, priced at 39 guineas (equivalent to £40.95). This was about half the price of shop-bought machines.
In 1958 Bloom placed an advert in the "Daily Mirror" offering home demonstrations of washing machines. This generated 7,000 responses via postal coupons. Bloom's unorthodox marketing, direct sales to the public and low prices quickly gave him 10% of the market taken from the main manufacturers Hoover and Hotpoint. He was soon selling 500 machines a week, financed largely through affordable hire purchase agreements.
Bloom then realised that he could cut overheads by manufacturing in Britain. He did a deal with the then moribund Rolls Razor Company to make 25,000 twin-tub washing machines. He later merged the two companies, becoming Managing Director with a majority of the shares.
In early 1962 he formed an alliance with the Colston company, expanding into dishwashers. In September 1962 he took over sales of the Prestcold Refrigerator business and immediately the newly named Rolls Prestcold cut prices to half of those sold by retail outlets. In retaliation in October 1962 the Retail Trade Retailers association launched a £100,000 campaign to combat direct selling. Hotpoint immediately pledged £10,000 towards the campaign and other manufacturers followed suit. This was known in the media as the Washing Machine War. A Rolls washing machine is featured in the Science Museum London in the "Birth of High-Tech Britain" Section.
He then moved into holidays with an exclusive deal to market the country of Bulgaria in the UK. He sold a two-week all-in holiday at £59, once again cutting out travel agent retailers and reducing the price by more than half. The Bulgarian Black Sea coast was warm and sunny and littered with modern functional hotels. Bulgaria was a communist country and part of the Soviet bloc. It needed western currency and was prepared to sell Bloom cheap hotel accommodation and food in return. Later, after the washing machine collapse, the Royal Arsenal Co-operative Society formed Balkan Holidays with the Bulgarian state-owned tourist organisation.
The company was listed on the London Stock Exchange in mid-1962 at 20 shillings per share; and shared doubled in price later that year. By the end of 1963, Rolls-Colston was selling over 200,000 machines a year. However it was running out of people to buy the machines.
Collapse.
Bloom's business had expanded rapidly, relying on the most aggressive marketing campaign of his time. In 1963 Bloom was the UK's largest press advertiser and a household name in the early 1960s.
Bloom appeared in a debate on BBC's "That Was The Week That Was" in November 1963 with Bernard Levin. The "Sunday Telegraph" had reported on the debate that Bloom had been the victor and it was the first time Bernard Levin had lost a debate. Bloom had come across as the housewife's friend; a pal of working men; the scourge of the City and enemy of the Establishment and resale price maintenance. Bloom was symbol of free enterprise. The listing of Rolls Razor on the Stock Exchange made Bloom a millionaire with a Rolls-Royce Phantom and a flat in Park Lane, and he rented the Villa La Fiorentina on Cap Ferrat on The French Riviera as a sales incentive scheme for his top salesmen to visit for holidays. Later he purchased a 376-ton 150-foot motor yacht "Ariane" for $1 million, which was sold after the crash to Charles Revson the head of the Revlon Company, and later to Kirk Kerkorian, and finally was owned by Adnan Khashoggi for 20 years.
But the retailers and UK manufacturers were unhappy with Bloom's direct sales methods of cutting out the retailer, and his two-for-one schemes giving a free refrigerator when you bought a washing machine. They didn't like his efforts to abolish Resale Price Maintenance by opening discount stores which cut prices on established makes. Morphy Richards obtained an injunction against Rolls to prevent them selling at below the fixed retail price and many others followed suit.
In March 1964 conventional manufacturers reduced their prices considerably to create another "Washing Machine War". Bloom was forced to increase advertising costs just as sales began to fall. He was then hit by an 11-week postal strike which prevented coupon returns. Moreover, receipts from Rolls's customers' hire-purchase agreements had been underwritten by banker Sir Isaac Wolfson, and by mid-1964 Wolfson was funding Bloom with a $28 million loan. Spotting trouble, Wolfson withdrew support. The company's shares were suspended at $0.15 in mid-July 1964 it was placed into voluntary liquidation.
"The Economist" said at the time: "As the wreckage is exposed it is easy to forget what a lasting impression Mr. Bloom made on the retailing of household durables in this country. Before his arrival manufacturers tried to sell at the highest possible prices the appliances they found it most convenient to make, competing mainly on advertising claims of better performance and new technical tricks. Over a time the consumer gets more performance for his money, at each conventional price level, but what he did not get was a chance to buy a given grade of machine cheaper. Now after five years the customer is king of price as well as design."
The "Financial Times" wrote: "If the British economy is not sufficiently competitive, if established industry is too solidly wedded to price maintenance, we need more John Blooms not fewer of them'".
In a letter to "The Times" Ralph Harris, Director of the Institute of Economic Affairs wrote: "Mr. Bloom has already done more for economic growth in Britain than many of its verbal champions in the NEDC and elsewhere".
Personal life.
Bloom married Anne Cass in 1961 and they had two children. Bloom was well known for his social connections with celebrities and politicians. David Bowie credits Bloom as being central to his first record deal, when the then-unknown singer was invited to play at a party in Bloom's flat in Park Lane, and introduced to an agent. The Beatles, Shirley Bassey and Roy Thompson were amongst the many celebrities who attended his parties. Bloom was the first commercial sponsor in May 1963 of the Royal Windsor Horse Show, and on 18 March 1964, in the House of Lords, Lord Balfour of Inchrye called then Prime Minister Harold Wilson "a real super salesman, the John Bloom of political life".
Later career.
After his business problems, little was heard of Bloom for some time. He remained married to Anne. He published a book, "It's No Sin to Make a Profit", in 1971. In 1972 Bloom started a medieval themed theatre restaurant called 1520 AD in St Martins Lane, London, which later expanded in the US, starting with an outlet in Anaheim in California.
In November 1972 the Anaheim restaurant was featured in "Time" magazine, which said "Old English fantasy, audience participation and a big helping of unabashed male chauvinism are on the menu". "Time" described Bloom as "a fast-talking Englishman", who "had been struck by comic Don Rickles' ability to insult Las Vegas audiences and make them love it", and proclaimed the restaurant a runaway success. From 1972 to 1978 1520 AD opened in leading hotels in major U.S. cities, but, as Bloom had commented to "Time", there was an obvious limit to the amount of return business, and the restaurants ceased operations in 1978.
Bloom left the US and moved to Mallorca in Spain in 1979, where he later opened a piano bar in Plaza Gomilla in the centre of Palma. Several years later he sold his share to his partners. In 1984 he was featured and interviewed in the "Sunday Times" Colour Supplement 25th anniversary issue. He was later involved as a consultant for multi-national companies, primarily in merchandising and corporate sponsorship. Bloom is acknowledged by Tom Bower, the author of "No Angel: The Secret Life of Bernie Ecclestone", as arranging the first meeting between Bower and Ecclestone in late 2009.
Death.
John Bloom died in Marbella, Spain on 3 March 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="7021633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021633" title="Peter and the test tube babies">
Peter and the test tube babies



</doc>
<doc id="7021636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021636" title="The Great Gilly Hopkins">
The Great Gilly Hopkins

The Great Gilly Hopkins is a 1978 realistic children's novel by American author Katherine Paterson. It won the U.S. National Book Award in 1979. In 2012 it was ranked number 63 among all-time children's novels in a survey published by "School Library Journal" – the third of three books by Paterson in the top 100.
A film adaptation starring Sophie Nélisse as Gilly Hopkins and Kathy Bates as Trotter was released in 2015.
The novel has been translated into Catalan, Chinese, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Lithuanian, Norwegian, Polish, Russian, Slovak, Spanish, and Swedish. Árpád Göncz's Hungarian translation has been adapted into a radio play, with Zsófi Jávor playing Gilly and Márta Fónay playing Trotter.
Plot summary.
Galadriel "Gilly" Hopkins is a mean, unfriendly 11-year-old girl who is headed for yet another foster home. She hates living with different people all the time and just wants to settle in with her birth mother, Courtney Rutherford Hopkins, whose photograph Gilly secretly treasures. Gilly doesn't like the look of her new foster mom, Mrs. Trotter, a "fat hippo", and decides she is going to hate her whole life.
Gilly hatches a plan to escape from Trotter and steals the money she needs for it to work. She knows that her mother lives in San Francisco, California so she writes a letter to Courtney saying that her beloved Galadriel will be with her soon. When Gilly escapes the first time, she gets caught by police and Trotter immediately comes down to the station to retrieve her. Gilly's grandmother, Nonnie, comes to Trotter's house and tells her that she will take Gilly home. Nonnie was previously unaware that she had a granddaughter. By this time Gilly realizes that she really wants to be with Trotter. However, the law says that Gilly must go with Nonnie, so she goes to Nonnie's house.
Then Gilly gets good news: her mother is coming. But when she goes to the airport, Courtney is not the woman in Gilly's photograph: she has stringy hair and a lot of other traits Gilly didn't expect, like being selfish. Gilly also finds out that her mother only came because Nonnie paid her, not because she wanted to come. She realizes for the first time how foolish she has been and that she actually loves Trotter. The story ends with Gilly on the phone, crying to Trotter to take her back. Trotter, in turn, gently convinces her that her home is with Nonnie.
Reception.
"The Great Gilly Hopkins" won various major accolades:
The book has been a frequent target of censors; the novel appears on the American Library Association list of the 100 Most Frequently Challenged Books between 1990 and 1999 (20), as well as between 2000 and 2009 (52).
Adaptations.
Film adaptation.
On February 8, 2013, it was announced that Stephen Herek would direct a film adaptation of the book, with Kathy Bates as Trotter and Danny Glover in major roles. On February 6, 2014, Sophie Nélisse as Gilly Hopkins, Glenn Close and Octavia Spencer joined the cast of the film. On May 9, 2014, Julia Stiles and Bill Cobbs joined the cast of the film. Principal photography began on April 9, 2014, and ended on June 15, 2014. The film premiered at the SCHLINGEL International Film Festival October 6, 2015, and was released by Lionsgate Premiere on October 7, 2016.
Stage adaptation.
The novel was adapted as a children's stage musical in 1996 and is available for licensing through Samuel French.
Television adaptation.
The novel was adapted as a made-for-TV movie produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions was televised January 19, 1981, directed by Jeffrey Hayden and teleplay by Charles Pratt Jr. during "CBS Afternoon Playhouse".

</doc>
<doc id="7021638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021638" title="Alex Nussbaum">
Alex Nussbaum

Alex Nussbaum is a comedian, actor, character designer, and writer.
He has been nominated for a Canadian Comedy Award for Best Male Standup.
He has appeared on "Just for Laughs", "Comedy Now!", and is a regular judge on the MuchMusic show "Video on Trial".
He has acted in the short-lived Cartoon Network show "Pink Panther and Pals" playing the show's antagonist, Big Nose, as well as many guest characters.

</doc>
<doc id="7021640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021640" title="Battle of Kōnodai (1538)">
Battle of Kōnodai (1538)

The 1538 battle of Kōnodai took place during the Sengoku period of Japanese history, fought by the leader of the Hōjō, Hōjō Ujitsuna, against the combined forces of Satomi Yoshitaka and Ashikaga Yoshiaki (Oyumi). After a long-fought battle between the Hōjō and the allied forces, Ujitsuna emerged as the victor. During the battle Yoshiaki died.

</doc>
<doc id="7021645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021645" title="Mircea Oprea">
Mircea Oprea

Mircea Vasile Oprea (born 20 April 1980) is a Romanian former football player.

</doc>
<doc id="7021646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021646" title="Scotland Futures football team">
Scotland Futures football team



</doc>
<doc id="7021650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021650" title="Digimon Savers episodes">
Digimon Savers episodes



</doc>
<doc id="7021654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021654" title="Digimon episodes">
Digimon episodes



</doc>
<doc id="7021662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021662" title="Ringmaster (film)">
Ringmaster (film)

Ringmaster is a 1998 American comedy film starring Jerry Springer as a fictional version of himself named Jerry Farrelly, host of a show similar to his own called "Jerry".
Plot.
There are three ongoing plots in the film. The primary one surrounds a white trash, trailer park family in which Angel, the daughter, is sleeping with her mother's husband, prompting the mother to constantly try to outdo her promiscuous daughter's behavior out of spite, including sleeping with her daughter's boyfriend.
The secondary plot revolves around a black woman called Starletta whose boyfriend Demond is sleeping with her two best friends, but the three are united against Demond when he eyes up Angel. He spends the rest of the film trying to have sex with Angel, while his jealous girlfriend Starletta tries to stop him. Unfortunately for Starletta, Angel manages to sneak Demond into her hotel room.
Starletta stalks the hotel corridors desperate to stop her boyfriend, but fails to stop Demond from bedding her busty love rival
The third plot revolves around Jerry and the show itself, detailing the difficulty Jerry faces in trying to come to terms with his rather dubious claim to fame, and the staff's utter amazement at the bizarre stories they must deal with. A minor sub-plot involves a producer on the show who mistakenly picks up one of the guests, a self-proclaimed "man-by-day-woman-by-night."
Production.
In March 1998, it was reported Jerry Springer had entered into a $2 million pay-or-play deal with producer Steve Stabler after "The Jerry Springer Show" became the first Talk show in ten years to beat "The Oprah Winfrey Show" in the ratings. Stabler held discussions with both Universal Pictures and MGM for financing and distribution deals. In July of that year, Neil Abramson had been slated to direct the film from a script by Jon Bernstein that would follow Springer playing a fictionalized version of himself interacting with two sets of guests who get on "The Jerry Springer Show". Filming took place over the course of August. In October, Artisan Entertainment acquired distribution rights to the film. 
Release.
The film was released theatrically on November 25, 1998 before a home video release on March 23, 1999.
Reception.
The film had a generally negative reception. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 21% approval rating, with an average rating of 3.8/10. The website's consensus reads, "A crude, idiotic mess of a film." The film won a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst New Star (Jerry Springer, tied with Joe Eszterhas for his small cameo in ""). The film was a box office bomb, grossing back less than half its budget.
Soundtrack.
A soundtrack containing hip hop music was released on March 23, 1999 by Lil' Joe Records. It peaked at number 80 on the Top R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Albums.
The film also features the single "Talk Show Shh!" by Shae Jones which peaked at number 88 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. A music video for the song was made to promote the film and featured Springer. However, the song was not included on the soundtrack album.

</doc>
<doc id="7021665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021665" title="Miroslav Ivanov (footballer)">
Miroslav Ivanov (footballer)

Miroslav Ivanov (; born 9 November 1981 in Gabrovo) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career.
Beginning.
He began his career in his hometown as player of Yantra Gabrovo. Then he was transferred to FC Shumen.
Levski Sofia.
He signed for Levski Sofia in early 2005. During the second part of 2004/2005 season he was used mainly as a substitute and he made 8 appearances, scoring 2 goals (for the 2-1 victory over Bulgarian side PFC Cherno More Varna in a match played on Georgi Asparuhov Stadium). In 2005/2006 season he took part in 19 games, scoring 1 goal. He scored a goal against the Dutch side SC Heerenveen in UEFA Cup match during 2005/2006 season (Levski lost 1-2). In the beginning of the 2006/2007 season he again is a rare starter. He became a Champion of Bulgaria in 2009.
PFC Montana.
On 30 June 2009, just a day before his contract expired, Ivanov was sold to PFC Montana.
Ludogorets Razgrad.
In February 2011, Ivanov signed a contract with Ludogorets Razgrad. He established himself as first choice under manager Ivaylo Petev during Ludogorets' maiden season in the A PFG. On 23 May 2012, in the last league match of the season Ivanov scored the only goal in the 1:0 win over CSKA Sofia from a free kick, which enabled the team from Razgrad to claim the first A PFG title in its history.
Honours.
Levski Sofia
Ludogorets Razgrad

</doc>
<doc id="7021672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021672" title="Tom Gastall">
Tom Gastall

Thomas Everett Gastall (June 13, 1932 – September 20, 1956) was an American professional baseball player who spent two years in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a catcher with the Baltimore Orioles in and . A right-handed batter and thrower, he stood tall and weighed .
Gastall was born in Fall River, Massachusetts. He graduated in 1951 from B.M.C. Durfee High School where he starred in baseball, football and basketball. He matriculated at Boston University where he served as captain of the baseball and basketball teams, and quarterbacked the Terriers to the most successful season in their history to that point. The university's Athlete of the Year as a senior in 1955, also the year that he died, he was posthumously inducted into the Boston University Athletic Hall of Fame in 1959. He was the 120th selection in the tenth round of the 1955 NFL draft by the Detroit Lions.
After graduation, Gastall signed with Baltimore for $40,000 as a bonus baby. He was the third-string catcher behind starter Gus Triandos and Hal Smith on the Orioles' depth chart. Gastall appeared in 52 games and had less than one hundred plate appearances over two seasons with Baltimore.
He died when the ERCO Ercoupe aircraft he piloted experienced engine problems and crashed into the Chesapeake Bay on September 20, 1956. He had taken off in the airplane from Easton, Maryland at around 6 p.m. ET. He radioed the control tower at Harbor Field at 6:12 p.m., reporting that he was in trouble and, in what might have been his last words, "heading for the water." Radio noise prevented the operator at the control tower from hearing any further details from Gastall. His body was found floating off Riviera Beach, Maryland five days later on September 25. Autopsy results announced on September 27 revealed that Gastall had escaped the wreckage with no signs of injury from the crash but died because of drowning. He was survived by his wife, Rosemary, and a son, Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="7021682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021682" title="Church of England synod">
Church of England synod



</doc>
<doc id="7021691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021691" title="Prakash Paranjape">
Prakash Paranjape



</doc>
<doc id="7021706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021706" title="Sadiq Fitrat">
Sadiq Fitrat



</doc>
<doc id="7021709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021709" title="Daniel Arnefjord">
Daniel Arnefjord

Daniel Arnefjord (born 21 March 1979) is a Swedish footballer who last played for Aalesunds FK in the Norwegian Tippeligaen as a centre back.
Career.
After several seasons in the lower divisions Arnefjord got his breakthrough after he was bought from FC Väsby United to AIK when AIK returned to Allsvenskan in 2006. A bitter moment in the 2006-season was a misunderstanding between Arnefjord and AIK's goalkeeper Daniel Örlund, which led to Arnefjord heading the ball into his one goal in the home-match against Helsingborgs IF. When the league finished two weeks later, AIK was only one point behind the league-winners IF Elfsborg, had Arnefjord let the goalkeeper make the save, AIK would have won the title.
Arnefjord moved to Norway to play for Aalesunds FK, where he captained the Tippeligaen side until the end of the 2014 season. Arnefjord helped Aalesunds win its first two Norwegian Football Cup finals (in 2009 and 2011) during his spell with the club.

</doc>
<doc id="7021710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021710" title="Marshall Lawrence">
Marshall Lawrence

Marshall Lawrence (born 1956) is a Canadian musician. Lawrence is often referred to as the "Doctor of the Blues", as he also works as a psychologist.
Early years.
Lawrence was born in Flin Flon, Manitoba. After the age of 10 he moved to and grew up in Windsor, Ontario. At the same time he became interested in rock and roll and asked his father for a guitar. Lawrence enjoyed his Echo semi-acoustic guitar and inspired by Jimi Hendrix was determined to learn how to play it.
Career.
Lawrence played his first gig in 1969 in Windsor, Ontario, with a band named The Peanut Gallery, playing a 1969 Gibson SG through a Fender Dual Showman. He blew an amp playing "Johnny B. Goode." As a teen, he spent most of the 1970s and 80s exploring guitar rock styles, while being employed at a car factory in Windsor. Later on in his life, Lawrence moved east to Kingston to pursue a Ph.D in psychology.
Lawrence followed the techniques of his famous idols, the 1970s all-star power guitarists, Chuck Berry and Johnny Winter by buying their albums. He then found himself coming home to the blues of B.B. King. Next, Lawrence discovered Eddie Hazel from Funkadelic, a Jimi-inspired guitarist whose style at that time was considered popular who blended funky James Brown. Lawrence began to play 1970s funk, groove and reggae with the groups Masala and Shock Walter. Simultaneously, Lawrence began experimenting with MIDI technology, by playing Tower of Power-style horn lines, a solo flute and digital FX on his Roland-equipped Strat.
By 1996, Lawrence started to feel that he had matured well enough in blues music so he returned singing blues with the Marshall Lawrence Band. His work took him to Northern California where he could'n find any blues scenes to play, mostly because of his not being familiar with the area. Without any blues music there for him, he purchased and learned how to play the mandolin. He then joined a local bluegrass band, playing mandolin, by the name of the Tubtones. According to Lawrence, this taught him a great deal about rhythm and contributed to his current sound.
Return to Canada.
Lawrence returned to Canada in 1997 and having heard of an active and talented blues community in Edmonton, Alberta, he moved there. In less than two weeks after relocating, he formed a R&amp;B group. named it Rhythm Chil'un, and secured a house gig at Brandi's Blues Bar.

</doc>
<doc id="7021719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021719" title="Nashinas">
Nashinas



</doc>
<doc id="7021724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021724" title="Degannwy">
Degannwy



</doc>
<doc id="7021728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021728" title="Pack Up The Plantation (Live)">
Pack Up The Plantation (Live)



</doc>
<doc id="7021729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021729" title="Pack Up The Plantation">
Pack Up The Plantation



</doc>
<doc id="7021732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021732" title="KAGW-CD">
KAGW-CD

KAGW-CD (channel 26) is a low-power, Class A television station in Wichita, Kansas, United States, affiliated with several digital multicast networks, including Cozi TV on its main channel. The station is owned by the Great Plains Television Network, LLC, which also operates low-power Heartland-affiliated station KSMI-LD (channel 30) through a local marketing agreement (LMA) with owner Get After It Media. The two stations share offices on South Greenwood Street in Wichita; KAGW-CD's transmitter is located in rural northwestern Sedgwick County (north-northeast of Colwich).
History.
The station first signed on the air on June 6, 1998, as K53EO, broadcasting on UHF channel 53. It was originally an affiliate of both America's Voice and ZDTV. On November 16, 1998, the station's call letters were changed to KTQW-LP, in reference to its slogan "Total Quality Wichita". At first, it was the sole broadcast affiliate of the otherwise cable and satellite network that evolved into TechTV, carrying the network's programming 20 hours a day, with the remaining four hours allocated to locally produced programs. By 2003, The Sportsman Channel had replaced TechTV on weekends. The station relocated its signal to UHF channel 49 on June 10, 2004, and upgraded its license to Class A status, modifying its call sign to KTQW-CA.
In 2006, Knowledge LC sold the station to Great Plains Television Network, LLC; the sale was approved by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on December 14, 2006, and was completed one week later on December 21. On January 8, 2007, the station's call letters were officially changed to KGPT-CA to match the name of the company, Kansas Great Plains Television Network. The station has applied to increase its effective radiated power from 4.8 to 13.91 kilowatts.
On August 6, 2013, at 1:30 p.m., the station moved its signal to UHF channel 26 and began operating its digital signal from a newly constructed transmission tower located north-northeast of Colwich; the station also increased its effective radiated power to 15 kilowatts, resulting in a significant increase in the station's coverage area.
A Kansas court ordered the station into receivership in December 2020 after former owner Urban Investment Broadcasting sued, claiming GPTN had failed to meet the terms of the promissory note it had used to acquire the station; Tyler Brown was appointed as receiver. On July 1, 2021, the call sign changed to KAGW-CD. On July 4, the station rebranded to KAGW 26 (KAGW stands for Keep America Great Wichita, while their slogan is actually Keep America Great Kansas).
The station slogan is a variation of the "Keep America Great" slogan used in Donald Trump's campaign during the 2020 presidential election.
Programming.
Formerly, In addition to carrying programming from eight networks on its digital subchannels, the station also produced locally produced programs (such as "WichitaLiberty.TV" and "Ascension Café").
"Yellow Ribbons from Home".
KAGW also produced a special saluting U.S. military personnel and their families titled "Yellow Ribbons From Home", which aired on July 4, 2007. The special included video greetings to the military members from their families, then-Governor Kathleen Sebelius, Senators Pat Roberts and Sam Brownback and all four of Kansas' Congressional representatives, as well as former Senator Bob Dole and Wichita mayor Carl Brewer. Country musicians including Darryl Worley, Blake Shelton, Emerson Drive, Terri Clark and Heartland also sent greetings and provided special performances. The special was also streamed and later offered on-demand on the station's website, allowing its viewing by members of the military stationed elsewhere around the world. On June 22, 2007, Governor Sebelius proclaimed July as Yellow Ribbons From Home Month, in commemoration of the special.
Technical information.
Subchannels.
The station's signal is multiplexed:

</doc>
<doc id="7021741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021741" title="St. Michael's Episcopal Church (Manhattan)">
St. Michael's Episcopal Church (Manhattan)

St. Michael's Church is a historic Episcopal church at 225 West 99th Street and Amsterdam Avenue on Manhattan's Upper West Side in New York City. The parish was founded on the present site in January 1807, at that time in the rural Bloomingdale District. The present limestone Romanesque building, the third on the site, was built in 1890–91 to designs by Robert W. Gibson and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
The church building also is noted for its Tiffany stained glass and its two tracker-action pipe organs built in 1967 by the Rudolph von Beckerath Organ Company (Hamburg, Germany); the church has fine acoustics.
In addition to traditional Anglican services, St. Michael's has services and prayer groups influenced by the emerging church movement.
Sale of air rights that enabled the building of The Ariel allowed St. Michael's to finance a major building restoration.
On April 12, 2016, the church, parish house and rectory were designated landmarks by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission.
In 2021, it reported 568 members, average attendance of 100, and $743,546 in plate and pledge income.
History.
Almost uniquely among upper Manhattan's houses of worship, St. Michael's Church has been located on exactly the same site for two centuries.
The first building was a simple white frame structure with a belfry, built for pewholders of Trinity Church, Wall Street, who sought a more convenient place to worship near their summer homes overlooking the Hudson River amid the farms on what is now Manhattan's Upper West Side. At that time the City of New York was confined to the southern tip of Manhattan. Among the congregation was Elizabeth Schuyler Hamilton, widow of Alexander Hamilton. A second, larger, Carpenter Gothic building was in use from 1854 to 1891. In the 1840s and 50s Rev. Thomas McClure Peters extended a missionary church in the racially integrated settlement of Seneca Village, demolished to make way for Central Park. In the 1850s the Rector's wife Mrs. William Richmond transformed the John McVickar house, formerly the center of a sixty-acre estate south of St. Michael's, for a Protestant Episcopal "home for abandoned women who found no hand outstretched to help them". Subsequently, the church was served by Rev. Peters' son and grandson, John Punnett Peters. Altogether, the three generations of Peters led the parish for 99 years.
The third and current building, influenced by the Romanesque and Byzantine styles and designed to seat 1,500 people, was dedicated in December, 1891. The church stands on ground formerly used as a cemetery. In building the church it was decided not to disturb it. Among those still buried there are the Rev. Mr. Richmond, the first rector of the church. The last interment took place in 1872. The present church was erected after an elevated railroad was built on Columbus Avenue absorbing the rural district into the growing city.
In 1895, Louis Comfort Tiffany (1848–1933) was commissioned to design and install the seven great lancet windows representing St. Michael's Victory in Heaven, along with a marble altar. Twenty-five years later, Tiffany's overall design scheme was completed with the Chapel of the Angels reredos mosaic depicting the Witnesses of the Redemption. From the 1890s through the 1920s, parishioners donated stained glass windows of eclectic styles.
In 1997 St. Michael's Church became a "Designated Historical Building" on the National Register of Historic Places and the New York State Register of Historic Places.
Its rectory stands at the head of the former St. Michael's Lane: the ghostly presence of St. Michael's Lane may still be traced in mid-block back alleys and service access between apartment buildings for several blocks south of 91st Street.
Architecture.
The church was designed by architect Robert W. Gibson. The square, Romanesque bell tower rises 160 feet.
Tiffany studios created many works of art for the congregation. After the church building was completed, seven windows were commissioned and installed showing "St. Michael's Victory in Heaven." Louis Comfort Tiffany designed the windows which were made in his studios with the assistance of artists Clara W. Parrish, Edward P. Sperry, Louis J. Lederle and Joseph Lauber. Two additional Tiffany stained glass windows were later installed in the "Chapel of the Angels", in addition to a large Tiffany mosaic behind the altar. Tiffany decorations in the main sanctuary include a white Vermont marble altar, altar rail, and pulpit and the dome of the apse. The many Tiffany features were installed between 1891 and 1920. The windows were restored in 1990. After the windows were restored, the church had the entire interior painted by Fine Art Decoration of New York with the architectural details picked out in an array of colors drawn from the windows and mosaics.
Organ.
A Rudolf von Beckerath organ was installed in 1967.
Impact.
For most of its existence, and continuing today, St. Michael's has influenced the physical and social development of New York City. St. Michael's founded at least six New York churches, including All Angels' Church, located first in Seneca Village, in what is now Central Park, and later on West End Avenue. After the Civil War, St. Michael's provided space and financial support for the free Bloomingdale Clinic, District Nurse Association, Day Nursery and Circulating Library.
In the 1980s the congregation had dwindled to thirty, but by 1987 it was up to three hundred, thanks in large part to the energies of Rev. Frederick Hill, who retired in 1992 and died in 1997. St. Michael's is known for its wide range of programs and for its congregation's wide ethnic, socio-economic, and sexual orientation diversity. The church draws people from all areas of New York City and its surroundings.
In 2013, the church had five choirs and more than 100 children involved in the Christian Formation Program. Social ministries included work for the hungry and the homeless, the ill and their caregivers, the unemployed and their dependents. Both church and parish house provide space for extensive parish activities and major not-for-profit community organizations.
Since the early 1990s, St. Michael's has been partnered with St. Michael's, Promosa, in Matlosane, South Africa and, most recently, with the Diocese of Madras in the Church of South India.

</doc>
<doc id="7021744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021744" title="Battle of Mitsuji">
Battle of Mitsuji



</doc>
<doc id="7021750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021750" title="Upper Xiajiadian culture">
Upper Xiajiadian culture

The Upper Xiajiadian culture () ( 1000–600 BCE) was a Bronze Age archaeological culture in Northeast China derived from the Eurasian steppe bronze tradition. It is associated with the Donghu (loosely translated as "Eastern Barbarians") of Chinese history.
Characteristics.
The Upper Xiajiadian culture emerged out of local Ancient Northeast Asian-derived tribes of hunter-gatherers and early farmers, which shifted to a pastoralist lifestyle.
This culture is found mainly in southeastern Inner Mongolia and western Liaoning, China. The Upper Xiajiadian's range was slightly larger than that of the Lower Xiajiadian reaching areas north of the Xilamulun River. Compared to the Lower Xiajiadian culture, population levels were lower, less dense, and more widespread. The culture still relied heavily on agriculture, but also moved toward a more pastoral, nomadic lifestyle. The social structure changed from being an acephalous or tribal society into a more chiefdom-oriented society. The type site is represented by the upper layer at Xiajiadian, Chifeng, Inner Mongolia. 
The Upper Xiajiadian culture is considered as the earliest "Scythian-style" (Saka-style) culture in North China, starting the 9th century BCE. The development of animal styles may have been the result of contacts with nomads in Mongolia (Deer stones culture) in the 9th — 8th centuries BCE. It has strong similarities with other Scythoïd cultures to the west, such as the Maoqinggou culture, the Ordos culture, the Shajing culture in Gansu, and of course the Saka culture of the Xinjiang.
The Upper Xiajiadian culture produced inferior ceramic artifacts compared to those of the Lower Xiajiadian culture, although this was compensated by their superior bronze, bone, and stone artifacts. The culture is well known for its bronze objects, producing bronze daggers, axes, chisels, arrowheads, knives, and helmets. Upper Xiajiadian bronzes were decorated with animal and natural motifs, which suggest possible Saka (Scythian) affinities and indicate continued cultural contact and exchange across the Eurasian steppes. 
The locally produced bronze vessels were much smaller than comparable bronzes from Zhou states. In the later periods, Zhou-style dagger-axes and bronze vessels were found at Upper Xiajiadian sites. In one case, bronze vessels belonging to the ruling family of the State of Xu were discovered in an Upper Xiajiadian grave at Xiaoheishigou (小黑石沟), evidenced by the inscriptions on one of the vessels. 
Upper Xiajiadian culture shows evidence of a drastic shift in lifestyle compared to that of the Lower Xiajiadian culture. The Upper Xiajiadian culture placed less emphasis on permanent structures, preferring to reoccupy Lower Xiajiadian structures or reuse Lower Xiajiadian stones for building Upper Xiajiadian structures. The horse became important to the culture, as evidenced by the remains of horses and horse paraphernalia found at Upper Xiajiadian sites. The culture also moved away from a centralized social organization, as no evidence for large public works has been discovered at Upper Xiajiadian sites. From relying on pigs to a dependence on sheep and goats for its primary source of domesticated protein, the culture built more extravagant graves for its elites than the Lower Xiajiadian, with more numerous and elaborate burial offerings. Upper Xiajiadian burials were typically marked by cairns and tumuli.
Genetics.
Genetic analyses of remains from the Upper Xiajiadian culture (UXC) are primarily of Ancient Northern East Asian origin and similar to "West Liao River farmers" (WLR_BA). The Bronze Age West Liao River farmers were found to display genetic continuity with modern Koreans. One UXC individual, however, shared higher genetic affinities to earlier "Amur hunter-gatherers", later Xianbei remains as well as contemporary Tungusic-speaking peoples, suggesting him to be a recent migrant from further North. The majority of Upper Xiajiadian remains belonged to subclades of paternal haplogroup N-M231, C-M217, and O-M175.
The genetic profile of Upper Xiajiadian individuals differed from the Lower Xiajiadian populations, who displayed high genetic affinity with Yellow River farmers associated with Sinitic peoples. The Upper Xiajiadian genome may point to migrations from the north Eurasian steppes and the Amur region during the Bronze Age period.

</doc>
<doc id="7021752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021752" title="Alien Project">
Alien Project

Alien Project may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7021759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021759" title="Subaru-Montgomery">
Subaru-Montgomery



</doc>
<doc id="7021764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021764" title="Vice Principal Crubbs">
Vice Principal Crubbs



</doc>
<doc id="7021770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021770" title="Knebworth Park and Winter Green Railway">
Knebworth Park and Winter Green Railway

The Knebworth and Winter Green Railway was a narrow gauge railway built in the grounds of Knebworth House in 1972 as a tourist attraction.
The railway was built by Pleasurerail Ltd. a company set up to build and operate private tourist railways which included the Great Whipsnade Railway and also the line at Blenheim Palace. In 1971, they started construction on a railway in the grounds of Knebworth House near Stevenage. The initial line was an end-to-end layout running from the house to the adventure playground. In 1980, the track was extended to form a mile-long continuous loop.
During its existence, the line hosted a number of steam and diesel locomotives. The line continued to run until 1990 when it was lifted and the remaining stock transferred to other lines
Locomotives.
These are the locomotives that stayed at Knebworth for extended periods. Not all ran there at the same time and the exact dates when they were present are not always known.

</doc>
<doc id="7021780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021780" title="Pulstar (video game)">
Pulstar (video game)

 is a horizontally scrolling shooter released for arcades by SNK in 1995. Players control a starship in its mission to eradicate the Solar System of a hostile race of aliens that threaten mankind. Its gameplay has been compared to the "R-Type" series for its similar premise and mechanics; players must complete each of the game's eight stages by destroying constantly-moving formations of enemies and avoiding their projectiles. There are power-ups that can be collected that provide additional abilities for the player. It runs on the Neo Geo MVS arcade system board.
Developed by Aicom, "Pulstar" is the first Neo Geo game to incorporate 3D pre-rendered visuals. Its music was composed by Harumi Fujita and Yasuaki Fujita, both of whom previously worked for Capcom on the "Ghosts'n Goblins" series. "Pulstar" has been ported and re-released several times, seeing conversions for systems like the Neo Geo CD and digital storefronts such as the Wii Virtual Console. The game and its re-releases have received mixed reviews from critics, who felt its gameplay and graphics were good but its difficulty was too high and it lacked originality. A sequel named "Blazing Star" was released in 1998, which aimed to correct the flaws present in the original.
Gameplay.
"Pulstar" is a horizontally scrolling shooter in the same vein as the "R-Type" series. The player controls a starship, the Dino246, in its mission to protect the entirety of the Solar System from a hostile race of aliens. There are eight stages total, which become progressively more difficult as the player progresses. They scroll automatically, and the player is given a free range of movement. In these levels, the player must destroy constantly-moving waves of enemies and avoiding their projectiles, as well as dodging moving obstacles. Levels conclude with a boss that must be defeated.
The player's main form of attack is a forward-moving projectile. The player can hold down the button to charge their attack, with its power indicated by a meter at the bottom of the screen; the blue half creates a powerful charge shot, while the red half creates a barrage of rapid blasts. Players can also acquire an auxiliary drone that acts as a shield by protecting them from enemy fire. It can also be used as a battering ram to destroy smaller enemies. The drone can also be destroyed to create a powerful bomb attack that can destroy anything in its radius. Destroying large carrier-like enemies drops a power-up item that grants different abilities. These include capsules that increase the player's speed and smaller ships that follow the player and provide additional firepower.
Development and release.
"Pulstar" was released for arcades on 28 August 1995. It was developed by Aicom and published by SNK. Produced for the Neo Geo AES arcade system, "Pulstar" was known under the codename of "Project Dino" during development, and was designed to be technologically impressive for the time period. It is the first Neo Geo game to incorporate pre-rendered graphics, which are 3D models converted into 2D images to create the illusion of a 3D environment. The soundtrack was composed by Harumi Fujita and Yasuaki Fujita, both of whom were previously employed at Capcom and worked on their "Ghosts'n Goblins" series. Harumi Fujita composed the music for "Pulstar" under the mindset of its freedom from sound chip limitations, allowing her to create music that corresponded to the game's environment and match her vision.
A version of "Pulstar" was released for the Neo Geo AES system in September, followed by a home release for the Neo Geo CD in October. In France, the AES version was distributed by Guillemot International. The Neo Geo CD version adds a higher-quality soundtrack and cutscenes between stages. In 2012, "Pulstar" was digitally re-released for the Japanese Wii Virtual Console service, courtesy of D4 Enterprise. "Pulstar" is included in the Neo Geo 25th Anniversary Humble Bundle, released in 2015. Hamster Corporation re-released "Pulstar" for the Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and Nintendo Switch in 2017 under their "Arcade Archives" series.
Reception.
In Japan, "Game Machine" listed "Pulstar" on their 1 October 1995 issue as being the seventh most-popular arcade game at the time. Harumi Fujita claims that the game was received positively by SNK and Neo Geo fans.
"Pulstar" drew a wide range of opinions from critics, many of which drew comparison with the "R-Type" series. "Maximum" gave the Neo Geo AES version a rave review, particularly applauding the impressive-looking bosses and the extremely high and intelligently designed challenge. They also regarded the game as a sign that SNK was branching out from one-on-one fighting games. Major Mike gave it a more mixed review in "GamePro", describing it as an imperfect and unoriginal shooter which manages to distinguish itself through its high difficulty and rendered graphics. He criticized that objects often blend into the backgrounds, but like "Maximum", he particularly noted the visually impressive bosses. A reviewer for "Next Generation" panned the game, contending that the gameplay mechanics fail to surpass even shooters of the early 1980s. He concluded, "If it weren't for the molasses like pace of the game, then "Pulstar" could've been another generic shooter. Instead, it's even worse".
In 2014, "HobbyConsolas" identified "Pulstar" as one of the twenty best games for the Neo Geo CD. Likewise, "Time Extension" also listed it as one of the best games for the Neo Geo.
Legacy.
A sequel named "Blazing Star" was released by SNK in 1998. "Blazing Star" features multiple additions to the core gameplay of its predecessor, such as a wide selection of playable ships and new power-up types. It was developed by Aicom, who had changed their name to Yumekobo during production. The development team noticed the stigma against "Pulstar" in arcades for its high difficulty, and wanted "Blazing Star" to have its own identity and improve on the original's flaws. Upon release, "Blazing Star" received far better reviews for its graphics, gameplay, and difficulty balance, and was described as being part of SNK's efforts in keeping older game genres alive.

</doc>
<doc id="7021784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021784" title="West Odra River">
West Odra River



</doc>
<doc id="7021785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021785" title="Astrostemma">
Astrostemma



</doc>
<doc id="7021791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021791" title="Ōzora, Hokkaido">
Ōzora, Hokkaido

 is a town located in Okhotsk Subprefecture, Hokkaido, Japan.
Ōzora was formed on March 31, 2006, as a result of the merger of the town of Memanbetsu, and the village of Higashimokoto.
Memanbetsu Village (later Memanbetsu Town) split from the Town of Abashiri (now the City of Abashiri) in 1921, and Higashimokoto Village split from Abashiri Town on February 11, 1947. Therefore, all of Ōzora's territory once was a part of Abashiri.
Many places in Ōzora, such as the train stations, the airport, and the high school are named after the former town of Memanbetsu, and Japanese airlines use "Memanbetsu" to refer to "Ōzora" as a destination.
Education.
Ōzora operates public elementary and junior high schools.
In the Higashimokoto area:
In the Memanbetsu area:
Hokkaido Prefectural Board of Education operates Memanbetsu High School in Ōzora.
Transportation.
Hokkaido Railway Company (JR Hokkaido) operates two stations on the Sekihoku Main Line:
Memanbetsu Airport is located in Ōzora.
Mascot.
Ōzora's mascot is , a cute anthropomorphic jet airliner. It was designed in 2006, unveiled in March 2007 and it was further revised in December 2014 with addition of jet engines, windows and other miscellaneous details such as the town emblem on its tail.

</doc>
<doc id="7021802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021802" title="Tadas Ivanauskas">
Tadas Ivanauskas

Tadas Ivanauskas (December 16, 1882 – June 1, 1970) was a Lithuanian zoologist and biologist, and one of the founders of Vytautas Magnus University.
Biography.
He was born in Lebiodka Manor (today in Belarus) as a third child of Leonard Iwanowski and Jadwiga Reichel. After finishing Warsaw Gymnasium in 1901, Ivanauskas moved to Saint Petersburg, where he studied in the 1st gymnasium of the city. In 1903, he studied at the natural sciences department of the Saint Petersburg University. He met and befriended Lithuanian students here and learned the Lithuanian language.
In 1905, he moved to Paris, studied at Sorbonne University Nature-history faculty and graduated in 1909. Since 1904 he was a member of the Lithuanian society "Lituania". Together with another early twentieth-century Lithuanian activist, Michał Römer, Ivanauskas gave lectures about Lithuania in Paris in 1905.
In 1909, he again entered Saint Petersburg University, as Russian Empire did not recognize foreign diplomas, and finished with a first-grade diploma in 1910. During his studies, he was active in "Lithuanian student society", and was elected as chairman.
In 1910, in Saint Petersburg, he established the natural sciences visual devices laboratory "Zootom", which prepared various biological, botanical, anatomical and mineralogical devices. In the summertime, he travelled around Lithuania collecting material for his devices. In 1914 and 1917, Ivanauskas participated in scientific expeditions into Northern Russia (Murmansk and Arkhangelsk) and Norway. In 1918 Ivanauskas returned to Lithuania and together with his wife Honorata opened a Lithuanian school.
In 1920, he moved to Kaunas and worked as an adviser in the Ministry of Agriculture of Lithuania, also helped organize Higher courses, that later became the University of Lithuania. Together with Konstantinas Regelis organized Kaunas Botanical Park in 1923. Together with his wife, he started organizing the annual "National day of birds" and "Tree planting" days.
He was a professor in University of Lithuania (later Vytautas Magnus University) from 1922 until 1940, and in 1929, became the head of the Zoology Department. He became a professor at the re-established Vilnius University between 1940 and 1941. He returned to this position in 1944, which he held until 1956. He simultaneously held a professorship at the Kaunas Medical Institute from 1954 until 1970.
Among his other achievements, he is known for opening one of the first bird banding stations in Europe, at Ventė Cape in 1929. He also founded the Zoological Museum in 1918, the Kaunas Botanical Garden in 1923, Žuvintas reserve in 1937, and the Kaunas Zoo in 1938.
Ivanauskas published 37 books and brochures, the most famous of them - "Birds of Lithuania". Since 1941 he was a full member of the Lithuanian Academy of Sciences.
Nationality.
Born as Tadeusz Iwanowski in Lebiodka, Grodno Region of today's Belarus, in a Catholic Lithuanian noble family loyal to the heritage of Grand Duchy of Lithuania, he did not know the Lithuanian language until 1905. Even so, Ivanauskas considered himself to be Lithuanian and dedicated his life to Lithuania. He opened the first Lithuanian school with his wife in 1918. There was a noted episode during Polish–Lithuanian War, as one of his brothers during ceasefire transferred Tadas' taxidermical collection through the front line into Lithuania.
The other three brothers of Ivanauskas identified themselves with the other two nationalities of former Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, two ( - politician and engineer and Stanisław Iwanowski - lawyer) chose to become Polish, and one Vacłaŭ Ivanoŭski (politician) - Belarusian (although he would live in interwar Poland).

</doc>
<doc id="7021813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021813" title="Mattias Moström">
Mattias Moström

Mattias Kent Moström (born 25 February 1983) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a right midfielder for SK Træff. He played most of his career for Norwegian Eliteserien club Molde. He started his career with AIK, before he made his senior debut with FC Café Opera. He later returned to AIK before he moved to Molde in 2007.
Career.
Early career.
Moström was born in Stockholm and started to play football at AIK at the age of six and was selected for the club's development squad during his youth. He transferred to FC Café Opera ahead of the 2001 season, where he made his senior debut. He played three seasons for the club.
AIK.
In 2004, Moström returned to his old club AIK, where he signed a contract till the end of the 2007 season.
Moström made his debut in Allsvenskan when he came on as a substitute in the opening match of the 2004 season against Sundsvall. He started his first match for AIK against Halmstad in the fifth round, and soon became a regular in AIK's starting line-up. Moström scored his first goal in Allsvenskan when he scored the match-winning goal against Landskrona on 23 May 2004.
After the 2006 season, AIK's new head coach Rikard Norling told Moström that he wasn't a part of his future plans and that he was free to find himself a new club. Moström who had played for AIK for a total of 14 seasons, then stated that he wanted to move abroad so that he did not have to meet AIK in a match.
Molde.
Mattias Moström signed a three-year contract with the Norwegian First Division club Molde in January 2007, despite being wanted by the Tippeligaen club Aalesund. He made his Molde debut on 9 April 2007 in the 2–3 win on away ground against Sogndal.
Moström signed a pre-contract with the Swedish club Kalmar FF in July 2011, and was going to join the club when his contract with Molde expired after the 2011 season. Moström did however change his mind, and asked Kalmar FF if they could destroy the contract, and instead he signed a new contract with Molde lasting till the end of the 2014 season. He made 27 appearances and scored three goals in the 2011 Tippeligaen season where Molde won the first top-flight title in club history. In 2012, after six seasons with Molde, Moström became the foreign player with the most matches for Molde. Moström played 28 games and scored five goals in the 2012 league season, where Molde succeeded in defending the league title. Molde won the Norwegian Cup in 2013, where Moström contributed in all games from the third round to the final. In July 2014, Moström and Molde agreed on a two-year contract extension that kept him at the club till the end of the 2016 season. In August 2016, his contract with Molde was extended to last till the end of the 2018 season. On 5 May 2019, Moström got his 250th appearance in Eliteserien, in the club's 2–1 win away against Haugesund. As of 1 December 2019, Moström has made 357 appearances for Molde, the fifth-highest number of appearances by any player for the club. Alongside Trond Strande and Vegard Forren, he is the only player to have appearances for Molde in 12 consecutive Eliteserien seasons.
In 2022 he made a comeback for Molde FK's city neighbors SK Træff.
Personal life.
Moström's younger half-brother, Marcus West, is also a professional footballer. Ahead of the 2014 season, the two played against each other for the first time when Molde met AIK in a pre-season friendly match.

</doc>
<doc id="7021817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021817" title="KSMI-LD">
KSMI-LD

KSMI-LD (channel 30) is a low-power television station in Wichita, Kansas, United States, affiliated with several digital multicast networks. Owned by Get After It Media, the station has offices on South Greenwood Street in Wichita, and its transmitter is located in rural northwestern Sedgwick County (north-northeast of Colwich).
History.
Channel 51 first signed on in the Wichita area as K51DN "KDN-TV" in late 1992. It was one of two low-power TV stations started by Wichita-based River City Broadcasting (the other station being KCTU-LP) and served as an over-the-air subscription TV station for the Playboy Channel. During the daytime hours, the Cable Video Store movie service was added. On June 14, 1993, it added a separate pay service: the Sci-Fi Channel, a national cable service that was not being carried by Wichita's cable system, replacing Cable Video Store. By this time, there were 200 Playboy subscribers.
In the early 2000s, KSMI-LP became an affiliate of the Spanish-language network Telemundo after previously airing Bloomberg Television, World Harvest Television, and the America One Television Network; it switched to the Hispanic Television Network in 2001, and after that network filed for bankruptcy, KSMI affiliated in 2002 with Azteca América. The next year, it introduced a local newscast, —the first Spanish-language local news in the market.
Luken Communications purchased the station in 2010 and entered into a local marketing agreement with Great Plains Television Network, LLC to manage the station; that year, the station flash cut its digital signal into operation on UHF channel 51. Luken also began providing the station with affiliations from the company's various networks.
On October 17, 2013, KSMI-LP began transmitting its digital signal (which moved to UHF channel 30) from a new, taller tower near Colwich and increased its effective radiated power to 15 kilowatts.
Subchannels.
The station's signal is multiplexed:

</doc>
<doc id="7021827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021827" title="Windows Gadgets">
Windows Gadgets



</doc>
<doc id="7021829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021829" title="HMCS Suderøy IV, V &amp; VI">
HMCS Suderøy IV, V &amp; VI



</doc>
<doc id="7021833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021833" title="Medialuna">
Medialuna

A medialuna (literally "half moon") is a crescent-shaped corral used for rodeos, the official sport in Chile. They are generally in diameter. Chilean rodeos are not quite the same sport famous in the American West; they involve two riders on horseback trying to herd a calf around a circular arena, attempting to pin him against several large cushions.
The main medialuna in Chile is the Medialuna Monumental de Rancagua. Located in the city of Rancagua, it currently seats 12,000 spectators. It is the home of the annual National Championship of Chilean Rodeo. It hosted the 2006 Davis Cup matches of Chile against Slovakia and the 2009 Davis Cup against Austria.
In Osorno, Chile, the medialuna is known as La Medialuna de Osorno. The Medialuna de Osorno was the first covered medialuna in Chile, and is considered one of the highest quality. Rodeos are organized by the Club Osorno René Soriano Bórquez. It boasts a diameter arena, seating capacity of approximately 4,800, and an in-house cafeteria. In 2006, the medialuna was the qualifying arena for the Southern Region of the Campeonato Nacional de Rodeo, the nationwide Rodeo competition.
Rodeo is the second most popular sport in Chile after football. It began in roughly the 16th century during the rule of Governor García Hurtado de Mendoza. At the time, the cattle in Chile were not well identified and it was not uncommon for the animals to get lost. To help prevent the loss, Governor Hurtado proclaimed that, in Santiago, every 24th and 25 July, the commemoration of Saint Jacob - patron saint of the city -, the cattle would be gathered in the Plaza de Armas de Santiago to be branded and selected. This is basically how Chilean rodeo began.

</doc>
<doc id="7021837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021837" title="Virginia Tech School of Public and International Affairs">
Virginia Tech School of Public and International Affairs

The School of Public and International Affairs (SPIA) at Virginia Tech offers graduate and undergraduate education in the fields of public administration, public policy, international affairs, urban affairs, and urban &amp; regional planning. It has three campuses throughout Virginia: Arlington; Blacksburg and Richmond.
History.
The School of Public and International Affairs (SPIA) was approved by the Virginia Tech Board of Visitors in 1996 as a collaboration of five departments and programs in two colleges to develop interdisciplinary instruction, research and outreach initiatives related to public policy, planning, and administration and globalization and international development.
SPIA is one of the schools in the Virginia Tech College of Liberal Arts and Human Sciences. SPIA houses three programs:
Programs.
Center for Public Administration and Policy.
The Center for Public Administration and Policy (CPAP) has three locations in Arlington, Blacksburg, and Richmond, Virginia. CPAP integrates the challenges of governing with the scholarship of public administration and public policy. CPAP offers doctoral and master's degree programs as well as graduate certificates. The majority of CPAP students take classes on a part-time basis, while working full-time in government, consulting, and non-profit positions. CPAP offers the Master of Public Administration (MPA) and Ph.D. degrees. Certificates are available in three fields: Homeland Security, Local Government Management, and Public and Nonprofit Financial Management.
Urban Affairs and Planning.
The Urban Affairs and Planning program has locations in Arlington and Blacksburg and offers an interdisciplinary, comparative, hands-on approach to instruction and research in two undergraduate degrees (B.A. in Public and Urban Affairs and B.S. in Environmental Policy and Planning), an accredited master's in Urban and Regional Planning (MURP), and a doctoral program in Planning, Governance &amp; Globalization (PGG).
Government and International Affairs.
The Government and International Affairs program has locations in Arlington and Blacksburg and offers a Master of Public and International Affairs (MPIA) and a Ph.D. in Governance and Globalization with an international affairs and cultural geopolitics focus. The MPIA is a 36-credit academic-oriented master's degree with a focus on international politics, critical geopolitics, international political economy, and cultural identity politics.
CLAHS Affiliated Departments.
Affiliated Departments in the College of Liberal Arts and Human Sciences (CLAHS):
National Capital Region.
In 1969, the university launched new locations within the Virginia Tech National Capital Region (NCR). These facilities serves as a hub in the Washington metropolitan area for its students and alumni. As of 2015, the NCR offers graduate programs in Public Administration, Policy, Government, and International Affairs.
In the summer of 2019, SPIA moved its Washington D.C. metro area campus from its Old Town Alexandria site to the Virginia Tech Research Center located in Arlington, Virginia.
Rankings.
Virginia Tech's School of Public and International Affairs has received the following rankings:
Research.
In research and outreach, SPIA members lead a number of interdisciplinary efforts:
Administration.
SPIA is administered by a director and an SPIA Executive Committee made up of the three program chairs and one other faculty member from each program.

</doc>
<doc id="7021852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021852" title="Upper Hsia-chia-tien culture">
Upper Hsia-chia-tien culture



</doc>
<doc id="7021857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021857" title="Kimiko">
Kimiko

Kimiko is a feminine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="7021866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021866" title="72nd Regiment, Duke of Albany's Own Highlanders">
72nd Regiment, Duke of Albany's Own Highlanders

The 72nd Highlanders was a British Army Highland Infantry Regiment of the Line. Raised in 1778, it was originally numbered 78th, before being redesignated the 72nd in 1786. Under the Childers Reforms it amalgamated with the 78th (Highlanders) Regiment to form the 1st Battalion of the Seaforth Highlanders in 1881.
History.
Early history.
The regiment was raised in the Western Highlands by Kenneth Mackenzie, Earl of Seaforth as the Seaforth (Highland) Regiment in January 1778 as an act of gratitude for the restoration of the family Earldom which had been forfeited during the Jacobite rising of 1715. A corps of 1,130 men was raised of whom 900 were Highlanders and the remainder came from the Lowlands: it was established at Elgin, its first base, in May 1778.
In August 1778 the regiment marched to Leith to embark for India – but a dispute regarding their terms of service led about half the men to march back to Edinburgh where they took up a position of protest on Arthur's Seat, remaining there for several days. Here they were supplied with food by the people of the capital, who supported them in their grievances. The protest was reported in the London newspapers, including articles contributed by James Boswell. After three days of negotiations, a compromise was reached and the soldiers were pardoned. They were again marched to their quarters at Leith, led by the Earl of Seaforth, with the plan to send them to India now abandoned. At this time, the regiment was designated the 78th (Highland) Regiment of Foot, or Seaforth (Highland) Regiment. The regiment embarked for Jersey in September 1778, where in May 1779 they helped to repulse a French invasion. They moved to England in April 1781.
Posted to India, the regiment embarked from Portsmouth, with a strength of 973 rank and file, in June 1781. Because of change of diet, rough seas and scurvy, 274 died on the voyage; including the Earl of Seaforth, whose cousin Lieutenant Colonel Humberston Mackenzie took command of the regiment. On arrival at Madras on 2 April 1782, only 369 were fit to carry arms. They joined the army of Sir Eyre Coote at Chingleput at the beginning of May 1782 but because of their general health, they were considered unfit for service. Those able to wield arms were drafted into the 73rd (Macleod's Highlanders) Regiment. By October 1782 they had recovered their strength and "the colours were once again unfurled" to allow the regiment to take part in the wars against Tipu Sultan. Colonel Humberston Mackenzie was killed in April 1783 on board the sloop in action against a Mahratta fleet on his return journey from Bombay to Madras during the Second Anglo-Mysore War. Major-General James Murray then succeeded to the colonelcy in November 1783.
The men had enlisted for a three-year period of service and 425 took their discharge in 1784 and returned to Scotland, the remainder electing to remain in India. They were joined by men from other regiments who had also opted to remain on the sub-continent, bolstering the regiment's numbers to 700 men. At the end of the war with the French, the number of Crown regiments was reduced and the regiment re-ranked as the 72nd (Highland) Regiment of Foot on 12 September 1786.
In December 1789 the Third Anglo-Mysore War started and the regiment saw action at the siege of Bangalore in February 1791and the siege of Savendroog in December 1791 as well as the siege of Seringapatam in February 1792 which marked the end of the War. Remaining in India, the regiment next saw action at the siege of Pondicherry in August 1793 during the French Revolutionary Wars. It then landed in Ceylon in spring 1794, helping to seize the island from the Dutch. The regimemt returned home in February 1798, although many men were transferred to understrength units remaining in India. Back in Scotland, the regiment recruited 900 men from home-defence Fencible Regiments, a quarter of whom were English or Irish.
Napoleonic Wars.
The 72nd moved to Ireland in 1801. A second battalion was raised in 1804 but it remained in the United Kingdom throughout the War, and was disbanded in 1816. In August 1805 the 1st battalion put to sea and landed in Madeira before moving on to the Cape of Good Hope at the end of the year and taking part in the Battle of Blaauwberg against the Dutch in January 1806. The regiment was renamed the 72nd Regiment of Foot and lost its highland uniform in April 1809, although it preserved many Scottish traditions, including unofficial retention of pipers. From South Africa, the 1st battalion sailed again and took part in the Invasion of Isle de France (Mauritius) in December 1810. It returned to Cape Town in June 1814 and, apart from a short posting in India in 1815, remained at the Cape until returning home in March 1822. In December 1823 the regiment was renamed the 72nd (or Duke of Albany's Own Highlanders) Regiment of Foot after Prince Frederick, Duke of York and Albany, again adopting Highland dress but with trews, with only pipers wearing the kilt.
The Victorian era.
The regiment embarked for South Africa again in June 1828 and saw action in the Sixth Xhosa War in 1834–1835 before returning home in May 1840. In August 1842 it helped suppress the Preston Strike and was then sent to Gibraltar in November 1844 before sailing to Barbados in February 1848. The regiment went on to Halifax, Nova Scotia, in July 1851 and returned home in October 1854. The following year, the regiment moved first to Malta, then to serve in the Crimean War, arriving in May 1855, serving at the siege of Sevastopol as part of Colin Campbell's Highland Brigade. They returned home in 1856, and in August 1857 moved on to India to help suppress the Indian Rebellion, serving in the Central Indian campaign of 1858. It remained in India until 1866, when it returned home. It embarked for India again in 1871. The regiment played a prominent part in the Second Afghan War of 1878–80, seeing action at the Battle of Peiwar Kotal in November 1878, the Battle of Charasiah in October 1879 and the siege of the Sherpur Cantonment near Kabul in December 1879. They were then part of General Robert's column that marched from Kabul to Kandahar before taking part in the Battle of Kandahar in September 1880.
As part of the Cardwell Reforms of the 1870s, where single-battalion regiments were linked together to share a single depot and recruiting district in the United Kingdom, the 72nd was linked with the 91st (Argyllshire Highlanders) Regiment of Foot, and assigned to district no. 58 at Stirling Castle. On 1 July 1881 the Childers Reforms came into effect and the regiment amalgamated with the 78th (Highlanders) Regiment to form the 1st Battalion of the Seaforth Highlanders.
Battle honours.
Battle honours won by the regiment were:
Colonels of the Regiment.
Colonels of the Regiment were:
Lieutenant Colonels Commandant.
Seaforth (Highland) Regiment
78th (Highland) Regiment of Foot, or Seaforth (Highland) Regiment – (1778)
Colonels.
72nd (Highland) Regiment of Foot – (1786)
72nd Regiment of Foot – (1809)
72nd (or Duke of Albany's Own Highlanders) Regiment of Foot – (1823)

</doc>
<doc id="7021877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021877" title="Ray Hathaway">
Ray Hathaway

Ray Wilson Hathaway (October 13, 1916 – February 11, 2015) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in four games for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1945. The 28-year-old rookie right-hander stood and weighed .
Hathaway was born in Greenville, Ohio in October 1916. He was one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on April 20, 1945 in relief against the New York Giants at the Polo Grounds. In his one major league start, the Dodgers lost to the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field, 5–3, on May 28, 1945. Season and career totals for 4 games include a 0–1 record, 1 start, no complete games, 3 games finished, and an ERA of 4.00 in 9 innings pitched.
He had a lengthy career as a minor league baseball manager following his playing days. He was inducted in the South Atlantic League Hall of Fame. Hathaway was the uncle of former major league pitcher Dave Burba.
At the time of his death in February 2015, he had been the second oldest former major league player still alive. Ironically the only man he was behind in this distinction, Mike Sandlock, was a teammate and played in Hathaway's first major league game, and Hathaway's only career start batting 8th just ahead of Hathaway in that game. This means Ray was never the oldest living player from his major league debut, or even the oldest living player to bat in the same inning as he had batted. (Sandlock batted before him in both of Ray's major league at bats.) His nephew is former Giants pitcher Dave Burba.
External links.
 or Retrosheet

</doc>
<doc id="7021892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021892" title="DeShaney v. Winnebago County">
DeShaney v. Winnebago County

DeShaney v. Winnebago County, 489 U.S. 189 (1989), was a case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States on February 22, 1989. The court held that a state government agency's failure to prevent child abuse by a custodial parent does not violate the child's right to liberty for the purposes of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
The Supreme Court held that the Constitution does not impose an affirmative duty on local or state governments to protect individuals from harm caused by private parties unless the individual has a "special relationship" to the State, which usually involves the State apprehending the person against their will or otherwise being the source of harm. The case is particularly famous for Justice Harry Blackmun's "Poor Joshua!" lamentation.
Contrary to popular misconception, "DeShaney" does not involve the police. Rather, it is about Child Protective Services (called the Department of Social Services in the case) failing to protect an abused child from a violent parent despite knowing the potential danger. Sixteen years later, in "Town of Castle Rock v. Gonzales" (2005), the Court reaffirmed, holding that a mother could not sue a local government under §1983 for police failure to investigate or enforce a restraining order even when three children who were reported missing were subsequently killed by their father.
Background.
In 1980, a divorce court in Wyoming gave custody of Joshua DeShaney, born in 1979, to his father, Randy DeShaney, who moved to Neenah, Winnebago County, Wisconsin. A police report of child abuse and a hospital visit in January 1983 prompted the county Department of Social Services (DSS) to obtain a court order to keep the boy in the hospital's custody. Three days later, "On the recommendation of a 'child protection team,' consisting of a pediatrician, a psychologist, a police detective, the county's lawyer, several DSS caseworkers, and various hospital personnel, the juvenile court dismissed the case and returned the boy to the custody of his father." The DSS entered an agreement with the boy's father, and five times throughout 1983, a DSS social worker visited the DeShaney home and recorded suspicion of child abuse and that the father was not complying with the agreement's terms. No action was taken; the DSS also took no action to remove the boy from his father's custody after a hospital reported child abuse suspicions to it in November 1983. Visits in January and March 1984, at which the worker was told Joshua was too ill to see her, also resulted in no action. After the March 1984 visit, "Randy DeShaney beat 4-year-old Joshua so severely that he fell into a life-threatening coma. Emergency brain surgery revealed a series of hemorrhages caused by traumatic injuries to the head inflicted over a long period of time. Joshua suffered brain damage so severe that he was expected to spend the rest of his life confined to an institution for the profoundly mentally disabled." Joshua died on November 9, 2015, at age 36. Randy DeShaney was subsequently tried and convicted of child abuse. He served less than two years in jail.
Case history.
Joshua DeShaney's mother filed a lawsuit on his behalf against Winnebago County, the Winnebago County DSS, and DSS employees under 42 U.S.C. § 1983. The suit claimed that by failing to intervene and protect him from violence about which it knew or should have known, the agency violated Joshua's right to liberty without the due process guaranteed to him by the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Ruling.
The court ruled 6–3 to uphold the appeals court's grant of summary judgment. The DSS's actions were found not to constitute a violation of Joshua DeShaney's due process rights.
Court opinion.
The court opinion, by Chief Justice William Rehnquist, held that the due process clause protects against state action only, and as it was Randy DeShaney who abused Joshua, a state actor (the Winnebago County Department of Social Services) was not responsible.
Furthermore, it held that the DSS could not be found liable, as a matter of constitutional law, for failure to protect Joshua DeShaney from a private actor. Although there are conditions under which the state (or a subsidiary agency, like a county department of social services) is obligated to provide protection against private actors, and failure to do so is a violation of Fourteenth Amendment rights, the court reasoned:
Since Joshua DeShaney was not in the DSS's custody, the DSS was not required to protect him from harm. In reaching this conclusion, the court opinion relied heavily on its precedents in "Estelle v. Gamble" and "Youngberg v. Romeo".
Rehnquist's opinion stated that although the DSS's failure to act may have made it liable for a tort under Wisconsin law, the Fourteenth Amendment does not make every tort by a state actor a violation of constitutional rights. Specifically, the act of creating a Department of Social Services to investigate and respond to allegations of child abuse may have meant that Winnebago County assumed a duty to prevent what Randy DeShaney did to Joshua DeShaney, and failure to fulfill that duty may have constituted a tort.
Dissents.
The court's ruling generated two dissents. The first, by Justice William Brennan, asserted that whether the Due Process Clause gave Joshua DeShaney a constitutional right to protection against abuse was irrelevant, since it was not an argument presented to either of the lower courts or even to the Supreme Court and "no one, in short, has asked the Court to proclaim that, as a general matter, the Constitution safeguards positive as well as negative liberties." He added that Rehnquist used a flawed interpretation of the "Estelle" and "Youngberg" precedents, which Brennan held "to stand for the much more generous proposition that, if a State cuts off private sources of aid and then refuses aid itself, it cannot wash its hands of the harm that results from its inaction." Finally, Brennan argued that Wisconsin's child-protection laws created a regime in which private citizens and government bodies other than a Department of Social Services had no power or role to intervene with child abuse other than notifying the DSS. As such, Brennan held that the child-protection laws constituted the same custodial "deprivation of liberty" that Rehnquist's opinion held necessary for a Due Process violation.
A second, shorter and more famous dissent was written by Justice Harry Blackmun, who had (along with Justice Thurgood Marshall) joined Brennan's dissent. In the first of his opinion's four paragraphs, Blackmun reiterated Brennan's contention that there had been state action in establishing a DSS that promised to provide protection against child abuse and absolved all other state and non-state actors of the responsibility or authority to act. He went on to compare the Court's ruling to the Dred Scott case, saying that in both cases the court upheld an injustice by choosing a restrictive interpretation of the Constitution and then denying that choice.
Poor Joshua lament.
Blackmun's dissent is famous due to its fourth paragraph:
Poor Joshua! Victim of repeated attacks by an irresponsible, bullying, cowardly, and intemperate father, and abandoned by respondents who placed him in a dangerous predicament and who knew or learned what was going on, and yet did essentially nothing except, as the Court revealingly observes, ante, at 193, "dutifully recorded these incidents in [their] files." It is a sad commentary upon American life, and constitutional principles—so full of late of patriotic fervor and proud proclamations about "liberty and justice for all"—that this child, Joshua DeShaney, now is assigned to live out the remainder of his life profoundly retarded. Joshua and his mother, as petitioners here, deserve—but now are denied by this Court—the opportunity to have the facts of their case considered in the light of the constitutional protection that 42 U.S.C. § 1983 is meant to provide.
President Bill Clinton quoted the "Poor Joshua!" paragraph in his remarks on Blackmun's retirement, and the "DeShaney v. Winnebago" dissent was, along with his authorship of the "Roe v. Wade" decision and the first part of his "Flood v. Kuhn" majority opinion, the most widely referenced element of Blackmun's career in his obituaries. It was also quoted as the headline for "Time" magazine's article on the decision.
Subsequent attention to ruling.
Cornell law professor Michael C. Dorf wrote, ""DeShaney" was a legitimately difficult case about the point at which state indifference to private action that the Constitution does not regulate becomes unconstitutional 'state action.'"
In June 2010, in the lead-up to confirmation hearings for Solicitor General Elena Kagan's appointment to the Supreme Court by President Barack Obama, Linda Greenhouse in "The New York Times" wrote:
Two decades later, the DeShaney decision remains a subject of contention. It has prompted a large literature, including at least one book ("The DeShaney Case: Child Abuse, Family Rights and the Dilemma of State Intervention", by Lynne Curry) and many law review articles. Lower courts have cited it hundreds of times. The Supreme Court is regularly asked to revisit the issue and regularly declines, without comment, to do so.
The case had entered the confirmation process because Kagan was a law clerk to Justice Marshall when the appeal first arrived at the Court and wrote a memo to Marshall cautioning against taking the case (a) without a signal of wider support on the Court (the "Join 3" response: an agreement conditioned on another three justices first agreeing; Kagan called it the "Join 4" and was corrected by the Justice) and (b) because the Court was likely to rule, as it ultimately did, against the extension of the due process protection to find for the plaintiff in the case.

</doc>
<doc id="7021895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021895" title="Sengoku Action">
Sengoku Action



</doc>
<doc id="7021897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021897" title="Metallic character">
Metallic character



</doc>
<doc id="7021898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021898" title="Aicom">
Aicom

Aicom was a Japanese video game developer, founded in 1988. The Sammy Corporation website gives 1990 as its first year and says it was a subsidiary of Jaleco. Sammy bought it in 1992.
Its games include "The Mafat Conspiracy", "Totally Rad" and "" on the Nintendo Entertainment System, "Blaster Master Boy" for the Game Boy and "Pulstar" for Neo Geo.
Aicom broke off from Sammy in 1996 and, with funding from SNK, became Yumekobo, producing games mainly for SNK systems.
List of games.
This is a list of Aicom games arranged by release date, the order in regions specifies where it was released first. This list does not include Yumekobo label games.
As Yumekobo.
This is a list of Yumekobo games arranged by release date, the order in regions specifies where it was released first. This list does not include Aicom label games.

</doc>
<doc id="7021911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021911" title="Deshaney v. winnebago county">
Deshaney v. winnebago county



</doc>
<doc id="7021915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021915" title="Thrasyvoulos Zaimis">
Thrasyvoulos Zaimis

Thrasyvoulos Zaimis (, 1822–1880) was a Greek politician and the 21st Prime Minister of Greece. Zaimis was born in Kerpini, Kalavryta on 29 October 1822, the son of Andreas Zaimis, a soldier and government leader before the recognition of Greece's freedom from the Ottoman Empire. Zaimis studied law in France and was first elected to the Hellenic Parliament in 1850. He served four terms as President of Parliament and also as minister in several governments. 
In 1864, he was the representative of the Greek government who accepted the cession of the Ionian Islands from the British government, a gift that coincided with the enthronement of King George of Greece. Zaimis served two terms as prime minister and died in Athens on 27 October 1880. Thrasyvoulos Zaimis was the father of Alexandros Zaimis, also a Prime Minister of Greece.
External links.
[[Category:Education ministers] of Greece]
[[Category:Justice ministers of Greece]]
[[Category:Greek MPs 1868–1869]]
[[Category:Greek MPs 1862–1864]]
[[Category:Greek MPs 1869–1871]]
[[Category:Greek MPs 1872]]
[[Category:Greek MPs 1873–1874]]
[[Category:Greek MPs 1874–1875]]
[[Category:Greek MPs 1875–1879]]
[[Category:Greek MPs 1879–1881]]
[[Category:Greek MPs 1853–1856]]
[[Category:Greek MPs 1856–1859]]
[[Category:Greek MPs 1859–1862]]
[[Category:Greek MPs 1850–1853]]
[[Category:Children of prime ministers of Greece]]
[[Category:Zaimis family]]

</doc>
<doc id="7021918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021918" title="Aleksandrów County">
Aleksandrów County

Aleksandrów County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Aleksandrów Kujawski, which lies south of Toruń and south-east of Bydgoszcz. The county also contains the towns of Ciechocinek, lying east of Aleksandrów Kujawski, and Nieszawa, east of Aleksandrów Kujawski.
The county covers an area of . As of 2010 its total population is 55,352, out of which the population of Aleksandrów Kujawski is 12,359, that of Ciechocinek is 10,855, that of Nieszawa is 2,012, and the rural population is 29,969.
Neighbouring counties.
Aleksandrów County is bordered by Toruń County to the north, Lipno County to the east, Włocławek County to the south-east, Radziejów County to the south and Inowrocław County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into nine gminas (three urban and six rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7021919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021919" title="Nemunas Delta">
Nemunas Delta

Nemunas Delta is the Lithuanian name for the Neman (Nemunas) River Delta, in Lithuania. Prior to post-World War II border changes, it was known in German as the "Memel Niederung", as the Neman was for centuries called the Memel in German.
When it reaches the Baltic Sea, the Neman splits into a maze of river branches and canals, forming polders and wetlands that make it a very attractive destination for eco-tourism. The four main distributaries are Atmata, Pakalnė, Skirvytė and Gilija. In the centre of the delta lies Lithuania's largest island, Rusnė Island (5 km²), and its eponymous village. Although it is the largest human settlement in the delta, its population is only about 2,500.
Delta.
The Nemunas Delta wetlands are considered globally significant and are protected under the Ramsar Convention. To safeguard the delta's wildlife and facilitate research, the Nemunas Delta Regional Park was created in 1992. It covers 239.5 km² and consists of 14 reserves and one water reservoir. About 20% of the area is covered by water. Since 1999, the Lithuanian Society of Ornithologists and the Nemunas Delta Regional Park Administration have been organizing bird counts every October. The rally is an open, international, and non-professional attempt to tally as many bird species as possible. Bird counts assist in identifying environmental threats to the well-being of birds or, conversely, in assessing the outcomes of environmental management initiatives intended to ensure the survival of at-risk species or encourage the breeding of species for aesthetic or ecological reasons. The delta undergoes annual flooding, but the greatest threats to its integrity are posed by pollution, agriculture, the fishing industry, and tourism.
The delta hosts many rare varieties of birds during the spring breeding season (the total reported number of species is about 200; about 40 species are listed in the Lithuanian Red Book of Endangered Species). It is also the most important layover for migrating birds in Lithuania. Millions of birds and hundreds of species travel through this area each year, including some internationally endangered species: the white-tailed eagle, the barnacle goose, cranes, dunlins and aquatic warblers. The principal research facilities are located in Ventė Cape (, sometimes referred to as the Ventė Peninsula). One of the first bird ringing stations in Europe was opened there in 1929 by a Lithuanian zoologist, Tadas Ivanauskas. Birds ringed at the Cape have been found migrating to Iran, Egypt and even to the Republic of South Africa.
Mammals found in the delta include fox, beaver, elk, wild boar and otter.
Another of the delta's special features is Lake Krokų Lanka (near where the Nemunas debouches), which formed when the river's outwash separated it from the Curonian Lagoon. It is the largest lake in the delta region, covering 7.93 km², and the only lake of marine origin in Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="7021920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021920" title="Powiat of Aleksandrów">
Powiat of Aleksandrów



</doc>
<doc id="7021922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021922" title="Aleksandrow County">
Aleksandrow County



</doc>
<doc id="7021928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021928" title="National Sea Festival">
National Sea Festival

The National Sea Festival () is a festival held annually at Mar del Plata, Argentina since 1910, during the month of February to celebrate the summer season. The event is organized by the municipal government since 1952, and it became a national festival in 1972. 
History.
National Festival status since 1972.
The Federal Government grants the status of National Festival to the celebration since 1972. The National Festival is organized by the former Department of Tourism -today's Municipal Agency of Tourism. The event is televised throughout the country. The stages and places were the Festival takes place have changed through the decades: in 1972 the venue was the Club Naútico, an exclusive tennis and rowing club from where one of the top stars of the Argentine tennis came out to fame: Guillermo Vilas. Later, from 1973 and up to 1980 the festival was held at the Auditorium theater, the exception being 1979 when it took place in the Provincial hotel. Between 1981 and 1983, the chosen stage was the José María Minella Stadium. From 1984 to date, the show is represented at Las Toscas beach, an outdoor arena where thousands of tourists and residents gather to enjoy the festival. Like in 1910, the winner is elected among 12 local girls between 16 and 25 years old. Nowadays, the task of National Queen of the Sea implies more responsibilities than those of 1910, since during her period she acts as the main representative of the city of Mar del Plata in different regional and national events.

</doc>
<doc id="7021941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021941" title="Brodnica County">
Brodnica County

Brodnica County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999 as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Brodnica, which lies north-east of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz. The county also contains the towns of Jabłonowo Pomorskie, lying north-west of Brodnica, and Górzno, east of Brodnica.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019, its total population is 78,935, out of which the population of Brodnica is 28,788, that of Jabłonowo Pomorskie is 3,754, that of Górzno is 1,366, and the rural population is 45,027.
The county includes part of the protected area known as Brodnica Landscape Park.
Neighbouring counties.
Brodnica County is bordered by Nowe Miasto County to the north, Działdowo County and Żuromin County to the east, Rypin County to the south, Golub-Dobrzyń County to the south-west, and Wąbrzeźno County and Grudziądz County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 10 gminas (one urban, two urban-rural, and seven rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7021944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021944" title="Powiat of Brodnica">
Powiat of Brodnica



</doc>
<doc id="7021946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021946" title="DeShaney v. Winnebago County Department of Social Services">
DeShaney v. Winnebago County Department of Social Services



</doc>
<doc id="7021949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021949" title="Kristeen Young">
Kristeen Young

Kristeen Young is an American singer-songwriter and pianist. Originally from St. Louis, Missouri, Young began playing piano as a child. She has released eleven studio albums. Young has also sung with several artists including David Bowie, Morrissey, Brian Molko of Placebo and The Damned. She also recorded with record producer Tony Visconti, drummer Dave Grohl, and guitarist Nick Zinner.
Career.
In 1997, she released her debut album "Meet Miss Young and Her All Boy Band". In the early 2000s, she began working with Tony Visconti on "Breasticles", which featured a duet with David Bowie, "Saviour". On 2004's "X", the opening track "No Other God" was a duet with Brian Molko of Placebo.
Besides her own work, Young has also been featured on other artists' records. She appeared on David Bowie's "Heathen" in 2002. She also provided the operatic vocals in Morrissey's single "That's How People Grow Up" in 2008. She then sang vocals on an alternate version of "New Kid" by Monokino in 2009, and collaborated with GUIDES to perform a cover of "Leave Me Alone" by New Order in 2015.
In May 2014, Young released her seventh album, "The Knife Shift", which was recorded with Dave Grohl who played drums and guitar.
In 2019, Young released her tenth studio album, "The SubSet", which she wrote, arranged, produced, and mixed with Tony Visconti The album was rated 8 out of 10 by "Pop Matters".

</doc>
<doc id="7021963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021963" title="Bender Gets Made (a.k.a. Bendfellas)">
Bender Gets Made (a.k.a. Bendfellas)



</doc>
<doc id="7021977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021977" title="Chrysanthemum (book)">
Chrysanthemum (book)

Chrysanthemum is a 1991 children's picture book by American writer and illustrator Kevin Henkes.
The book was chosen as an ALA Notable Book and the School Library Journal Best Book of the Year, and it is on the Horn Book Fanfare Honor List. Based on a 2007 online poll, the National Education Association listed the book as one of its "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children." It was one of the "Top 100 Picture Books" of all time in a 2012 poll by "School Library Journal".
Plot.
Chrysanthemum is a young mouse who loves her unique name, until she is teased about it by her classmates. Her main tormentors are three mice named Jo, Rita, and Victoria, who ridicule her for being named after a flower and point out that her name is so long that it barely fits on a name tag. Chrysanthemum expresses her sadness to her parents, who comfort her with her favorite meals and a game of Parcheesi while her father secretly reads books on child psychology.
One day, her class meets their pregnant music teacher, named Mrs. Twinkle, who helps them with an upcoming musical. Chrysanthemum is assigned to be a daisy, causing Jo, Rita, and Victoria tease her once again. However, Mrs. Twinkle confronts them, and reveals that her first name, Delphinium, is also long, barely fits on a name tag, and is inspired by a flower. Jo, Rita, and Victoria then apologize, and Chrysanthemum’s confidence in her name is restored. Later, Mrs. Twinkle gives birth to a daughter, whom she also names Chrysanthemum.
Reception.
"Kirkus Reviews" said "Chrysanthemum" is "another winner from this perceptive artist," saying "Henkes's language and humor are impeccably fresh, his cozy illustrations sensitive and funny, his little asides to adults an unobtrusive delight."
"The Horn Book Magazine" named "Chrysanthemum" one of the best books of 1991.
In 1991, the book won the Council of Wisconsin Writers Children’s Book Award.
Adaptions.
In 1998, Weston Woods developed an animated story based on the book's illustrations, which was narrated by Meryl Streep. The film was included on the ALA Notable Children's Videos list in 1999.
In popular culture.
The book was featured in an episode of "Kino's Storytime", read by Paula Poundstone and Kim Karnsrithong.

</doc>
<doc id="7021978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021978" title="Akira Yasuda">
Akira Yasuda

 (born July 21, 1964) is a Japanese animator, character designer, game designer and mecha designer, who works under the pseudonym "Akiman". Yasuda is a former employee of the video game company Capcom (joining in 1985) and has worked on many Capcom games, taking on various design roles for works such as the "Final Fight" series and "" (including their updates). He has also been involved in anime production, most notably "Turn A Gundam," "Overman King Gainer" and "Code Geass". He also went to the United States to work on "Red Dead Revolver" for Angel Studios. When the studio was bought by Rockstar Games, he returned to Japan, where he officially left Capcom in 2003 and started working as a freelance artist.

</doc>
<doc id="7021979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021979" title="Żnin County">
Żnin County

Żnin County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Żnin, which lies south-west of Bydgoszcz and west of Toruń. The county contains three other towns: Barcin, lying east of Żnin, Łabiszyn, lying north-east of Żnin, and Janowiec Wielkopolski, south-west of Żnin.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 68,113, out of which the population of Żnin is 13,864, that of Barcin is 7,408, that of Łabiszyn is 4,472, that of Janowiec Wielkopolski is 3,953, and the rural population is 38,416.
Neighbouring counties.
Żnin County is bordered by Nakło County to the north, Bydgoszcz County to the north-east, Inowrocław County to the east, Mogilno County to the south-east, Gniezno County to the south and Wągrowiec County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (four urban-rural and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7021982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021982" title="Nicklas Carlsson">
Nicklas Carlsson

Nicklas Lars Carlsson (born 13 November 1979 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a defender. His last club was IF Brommapojkarna.
Career.
He started out his career at local outfit IF Brommapojkarna before moving to Delsbo with his family at age 5. A few years later he returned to his native club with which he pursued a career taking him from the youth ranks all the way up to the senior team.
In 2003, he left for Danish Superliga side AGF. He became a regular there until the winter of 2004/2005 when he told his adviser he wanted to leave. His stated desire was to play for his father's old team and in March 2005 he signed a three-year contract.
He quickly became a regular for the relegated 10-times Swedish champions as a central defender. But he also became joint second top scorer in the team for the 2005 season by scoring seven goals. Many came through set-pieces with Carlsson's ability to score with his head proving a deciding factor.
Nicklas Carlsson scored both goals in the 2–1 win against Västerås SK on 3 October 2005, a win which earned AIK an Allsvenskan berth for the 2006 campaign. Carlsson is now a successful part of the 2006 squad which is within reach of claiming a shock 11th championship title.
During the 2007 season AIK announced they will not offer Nicklas a new contract, which went out after the season. And on 31 October he signed a three-year deal with Gothenburg side IFK Göteborg. 2010 his contract with IFK Göteborg ended and did not get renewed. On 1 December 2010 he signed a contract for his first club IF Brommapojkarna. He retired on 5 November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="7021984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021984" title="Powiat of Żnin">
Powiat of Żnin



</doc>
<doc id="7021986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021986" title="Znin County">
Znin County



</doc>
<doc id="7021987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7021987" title="Francis Mackenzie, 1st Baron Seaforth">
Francis Mackenzie, 1st Baron Seaforth

Lieutenant-General Francis Humberston Mackenzie, 1st Baron Seaforth, (9 June 1754 – 11 January 1815) was a British politician, soldier, and botanist. He was Chief of the Highland Clan Mackenzie, as which he raised the renowned 78th (Highlanders) Regiment of Foot.
Early life.
Mackenzie was the second son of Major William Mackenzie (d. 12 March 1770), who was the son of the Hon. Alexander Mackenzie, and the grandson of Kenneth Mackenzie, 4th Earl of Seaforth. Francis's mother was Mary, the daughter and heiress of Matthew Humberston of Humberston, Lincolnshire.
On the death of his elder brother Colonel Thomas Frederick Mackenzie Humberston in 1783, Francis Mackenzie became the last male heir of the attainted Earls of Seaforth. When he was about twelve years of age, Francis contracted scarlet fever, which incurred the loss of his ability to hear and almost all of his ability to speak. As a consequence, he was known as MacCoinnich Bodhar (Deaf Mackenzie in Gaelic).
Political and military career.
From 1784 to 1790, and again from 1794 to 1796, Seaforth was Member of Parliament for the County of Ross.
In 1787, he proposed raising a regiment on his own estates, with himself as commander. The government declined his patriotic offer but accepted his services in procuring recruits for the 74th and 75th. On 19 May, 1790, he renewed his offer, yet the government declined his services again. When war broke out in 1793, he offered for a third time, and a letter of service was granted in his favour dated 7 March, 1793, empowering him as Lieutenant-Colonel-Commandant to raise a Highland Battalion to be called the 78th (Highlanders) Regiment of Foot.
He was appointed Lord Lieutenant of Ross-shire and was raised to the peerage of Great Britain as Lord Seaforth, Baron Mackenzie of Kintail in the County of Ross on 26 October, 1797. In 1798, he was appointed Colonel of the Ross-shire Regiment of Militia.
Seaforth served as Governor of Barbados from 1800 to 1806. During his tenure he reformed slavery on the island, implemented a prohibition on killing slaves, and reduced official discrimination against free blacks. As Governor of Barbados, Seaforth appointed Thomas Moody, a mathematical expert from a prominent British family, to a direct commission in the Royal Engineers, which Moody entered as a lieutenant in 
1806. Seaforth attained the rank of lieutenant-general in 1808.
Avocational life.
In 1794, Seaforth was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society for his contributions to botany, with the genus "Seaforthia" named in recognition of his work. A year later, In 1795, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh, again in acknowledgement of his contributions to botany: his proposers were Daniel Rutherford, Alexander Monro (secundus), and John Playfair. He was also a Fellow of the Linnean Society, and served as Extraordinary Director of the Highland Society.
In 1796, Mackenzie gave £1,000 to Sir Thomas Lawrence to assist with Lawrence's financial difficulties. Lawrence later painted a full-length portrait of Seaforth's daughter, Mary.
Lord Seaforth commissioned Benjamin West's 1786 painting "Alexander III of Scotland Rescued from the Fury of a Stag by the Intrepidity of Colin Fitzgerald".
Walter Scott said of him: 
Seaforth nearly recovered entirely the use of his tongue, but during the last two years of his life, which he spent mourning the deaths of his four sons, he rarely spoke.
Family.
In 1782, Mackenzie entered matrimony with Mary Proby, the daughter of The Very Rev Baptist Proby, who served as the 7th Dean of Lichfield and Mary Russel. Mary was the niece of John Proby, 1st Baron Carysfort and sister of Rev. Charles Proby.
Francis's four legitimate sons all predeceased him as predicted by the Brahan Seer. 
His children were:

</doc>
<doc id="7022000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022000" title="Mogilno County">
Mogilno County

Mogilno County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It was formed on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Mogilno, which lies south of Bydgoszcz and south-west of Toruń. The only other town in the county is Strzelno, lying east of Mogilno.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 45,756, out of which the population of Mogilno is 11,836, that of Strzelno is 5,631, and the rural population is 28,289.
Neighbouring counties.
Mogilno County is bordered by Inowrocław County to the north-east, Konin County and Słupca County to the south, Gniezno County to the west, and Żnin County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into four gminas (two urban-rural and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7022002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022002" title="Powiat of Mogilno">
Powiat of Mogilno



</doc>
<doc id="7022018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022018" title="Sępólno County">
Sępólno County

Sępólno County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Sępólno Krajeńskie, which lies north-west of Bydgoszcz and north-west of Toruń. The county also contains the towns of Więcbork, lying south of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and Kamień Krajeński, north of Sępólno Krajeńskie.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 41,055, out of which the population of Sępólno Krajeńskie is 9,091, that of Więcbork is 5,950, that of Kamień Krajeński is 2,390, and the rural population is 23,624.
Neighbouring counties.
Sępólno County is bordered by Człuchów County and Chojnice County to the north, Tuchola County to the north-east, Bydgoszcz County to the south-east, Nakło County to the south, and Piła County and Złotów County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into four gminas (three urban-rural and one rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7022020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022020" title="Powiat of Sępólno">
Powiat of Sępólno



</doc>
<doc id="7022023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022023" title="Sepolno County">
Sepolno County



</doc>
<doc id="7022033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022033" title="Stettiner Haff">
Stettiner Haff



</doc>
<doc id="7022037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022037" title="Sępólno Krajeńskie County">
Sępólno Krajeńskie County



</doc>
<doc id="7022039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022039" title="My Problem With Popplers">
My Problem With Popplers



</doc>
<doc id="7022044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022044" title="Yelek">
Yelek

A yelek (also spelled "jelick" in older English texts) is the bodice or waistcoat of Ottoman origin, traditionally worn by women. The "yelek" is typically a sleeveless and collarless garment and usually has small pockets on the sides. Traditional yeleks are generally embroidered and made out of silk cloth as well as velvet and leather. During the Ottoman era, the yelek was a hip-length jacket or vest worn for warmth by both sexes. It could have long sleeves, short sleeves, or no sleeves, and often had a small standing collar. A shorter variant, the "anteri" (or "anteree", "anterija") was also popular.
In present-day Turkish, "yelek" is also the common word for a modern, usually sleeveless or short-sleeved vest, both for women and for men.

</doc>
<doc id="7022047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022047" title="Abasiri District, Hokkaido">
Abasiri District, Hokkaido



</doc>
<doc id="7022053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022053" title="The Thirteenth Son of the King of Erin">
The Thirteenth Son of the King of Erin

"The Thirteenth Son of the King of Erin" is an Irish fairy tale collected by Jeremiah Curtin in "Myths and Folk-lore of Ireland".
Synopsis.
A king had thirteen sons. One day, he saw a swan driving away one of its thirteen cygnets, and a seer explained that any man or beast with thirteen young should drive one away, to fall under Heaven's will. The king could not bear to choose one of his sons. The seer said he should shut the door on the last son to return that night. This was the oldest, Seán Ruadh. He asked his father for an outfit for the road, and the king gave him it and a black horse that could run faster than the wind.
One day, he put on some poor clothing and was hired by a king to herd his cows. The king also told him that an "urfeist", a sea serpent, demanded a king's daughter every seven years, and this year the lot had fallen on his own daughter. Many king's sons said they would save her, but her father did not believe them. The sea serpent would appear one day, he did not know when.
Three giants lived near the king's lands. Seán Ruadh pastured the cows on their lands, and fought with them, one per day. They promised their swords of light and horses if he would spare them, but he killed them, and their housekeepers, glad to be freed, showed him all their treasures. Each day the cows gave more milk than they ever had before.
On the fourth day, he dressed in the black clothing of the first giant, took its black horse, and went down the shore. The princess awaited the sea serpent there. Seán Ruadh asked her to take his head in her lap until it arrived; then she should wake him. She took it, took three hairs from his head, and woke him when the sea serpent arrived. They fought. Seán Ruadh cut off its head, but it instantly grew back. The sea serpent left, but said it would return.
The next day, he wore the blue clothing of the second giant and rode its brown horse, but when he laid down as before, the princess compared his hair to the three hairs and noted he was the same knight as the first one. He cut the sea serpent in half, but the halves joined again, and it threatened that no one would save her the third day.
The third day, he wore the many-colored clothing of the third giant, with its blue glass boots, and rode its red horse. When he was dressed the housekeeper told him that no one could fight the sea serpent that day; the only way to defeat him was to throw the brown apple she gave him down its open mouth. He took it. Again, the princess knew him by the hairs. He threw the brown apple, and the sea serpent melted away into jelly. The princess grabbed his boots and one came off. He had to leave it with her.
Many men claimed to be the hero, but a seer said they must all try on the boot. Finally, every man had tried it except the cowherd. They sent twenty men for him, but he overpowered them; when they sent another twenty, he overpowered them as well; finally, the seer told the king to go himself, and when the king asked and told him not to mind his work, Seán Ruadh came. The boot fitted on of its own. The princess jumped to his arms. He was told that the men swarming about had claimed to have saved her, and he cut off all their heads. Then he married the princess at a great wedding feast and took her with him to the giants' lands.
Analysis.
This tale is classified in the Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index as tale type ATU 300, "The Dragon-Slayer".

</doc>
<doc id="7022056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022056" title="Abasiri Subprefecture">
Abasiri Subprefecture



</doc>
<doc id="7022060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022060" title="The Bottle Inn">
The Bottle Inn

The Bottle Inn is a 16th-century public house at Marshwood in Dorset, England which hosts the World Nettle Eating Championship. It is Grade II listed.
History.
The building started life in 1585 as an ale house, being close to a church where people came to pay their tithes. It was named The Bottle Inn, some time late in the 18th century, when it became the first inn in the area to sell bottled beers. The Bottle Inn was purchased as a free house (not tied to any one brewery) in 1982 from Ushers Brewery by Michael and Pauline Brookes. In 2014, the public house won the CAMRA award for West Dorset pub of the year.
World Nettle Eating Championship.
The Bottle Inn hosts the annual World Nettle Eating Championships as part of a charity beer festival. Competitors are served long stalks of stinging nettles from which they pluck and eat the leaves. After an hour the bare stalks are measured and the winner is the competitor with the greatest accumulated length of nettles. The contest began in the late 1980s when two farmers argued over who had the longest stinging nettles in their field and evolved into the World Nettle Eating Championships when one of the farmers promised to eat any nettle which was longer than his. The championship has separate men's and women's sections and attracts competitors from as far afield as Canada and Australia.
In June 2010 Sam Cunningham, a fishmonger from Somerset won the contest, after eating of nettles. In June 2014 Phillip Thorne, a chef from Colyton, Devon won the contest, after eating of nettles. In 2017 the Overall Champion was Jonathan Searle from Solihull who munched his way through 70 feet of nettles whilst the Women's Prize went to Kate Ribton of Stoke St Gregory, in Somerset, who got through of the plant.

</doc>
<doc id="7022062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022062" title="Akiman">
Akiman



</doc>
<doc id="7022073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022073" title="Butuga II">
Butuga II

Butuga II (938–961 CE) became the ruler of the Western Ganga Dynasty after his elder brother Rachamalla III.
Relations with Rashtrakutas.
In order to ascend the throne he had to first seek help from the Rashtrakutas who were hitherto their arch enemies. Butuga II first helped Amoghavarsha III regain many lost territories and in turn was helped by the Rashtrakuta ruler to overthrow Rachamalla III, the unpopular Ganga king at that time. This helped forge a strong relationship between the Gangas and the Rashtrakutas, an alliance that lasted till the end of both kingdoms. Butuga II became the son-in-law of Amoghavarsha III by marrying his daughter Revakanimmadi. He also helped the Rashtrakutas defeat the Cholas in c. 949 in the Battle of Takkolam when he killed the Chola monarch Rajaditya with a well aimed arrow when the Chola was seated on his elephant. As a Rashtrakuta feudatory, he not only ruled Gangavadi but also many areas in the Malaprabha River basin and the Krishna River-Tungabhadra doab. With his immense contribution to a Rashtrakuta victory over the Cholas, Butuga II also took charge of the Banavasi region as a fief from Rashtrakuta King Krishna III.
He was not only a valorous soldier but also a noted scholar. He is said to have a defeated a Buddhist scholar in a religious discourse and the Kudlur record speaks of him as a noted poet.

</doc>
<doc id="7022074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022074" title="Inowrocław County">
Inowrocław County

Inowrocław County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Inowrocław, which lies south-west of Toruń and south-east of Bydgoszcz. The county contains four other towns: Kruszwica, lying south of Inowrocław, Janikowo, lying south-west of Inowrocław, Gniewkowo, north-east of Inowrocław, and Pakość, west of Inowrocław.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 165,237, out of which the population of Inowrocław is 72,786, that of Kruszwica is 8,809, that of Janikowo is 8,745, that of Gniewkowo is 7,110, that of Pakość is 5,706, and the rural population is 57,060.
Neighbouring counties.
Inowrocław County is bordered by Bydgoszcz County to the north, Toruń County to the north-east, Aleksandrów County to the east, Radziejów County to the south-east, Konin County to the south, Mogilno County to the south-west and Żnin County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into nine gminas (one urban, four urban-rural and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7022075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022075" title="Powiat of Inowrocław">
Powiat of Inowrocław



</doc>
<doc id="7022077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022077" title="Inowroclaw County">
Inowroclaw County



</doc>
<doc id="7022082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022082" title="SADELCA">
SADELCA

SADELCA Ltda. (Spanish acronym: "Sociedad Aérea Del Caquetá") is a cargo airline based at El Dorado International Airport in Bogotá, Colombia.
Fleet.
Current fleet.
, SADELCA operates the following aircraft:
Former fleet.
SADELCA formerly operated the following aircraft:

</doc>
<doc id="7022086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022086" title="62nd Street/New Utrecht Avenue station">
62nd Street/New Utrecht Avenue station

The 62nd Street/New Utrecht Avenue station is a New York City Subway station complex shared by the open-cut BMT Sea Beach Line and the elevated BMT West End Line. It is located at New Utrecht Avenue and 62nd Street in Borough Park and Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, and is served by the D and N trains at all times. During rush hours, several W trains and one southbound R train also serve this station.
Prior to the rebuilding of the two current subway lines at this location during the 1910s, this location was known as Bath Junction. Until then, there was a track connection between the lines, primarily to enable Sea Beach trains to and from Coney Island to access West End Line trackage to reach the Brooklyn Bridge and the Park Row Terminal in Lower Manhattan. From 2016 to 2019, the complex underwent an extensive renovation.
History.
Bath Junction.
Bath Junction was located near the present site of the station. It took the name as a railroad junction of the New York &amp; Sea Beach Railway (Sea Beach Line) with the Brooklyn, Bath Coney Island Railroad (West End Line). The NY&amp;SB called the station at the junction "Bath Junction," while the BB&amp;CI called it "Sea Beach Junction." Soon, however, they settled on the common name. Bath Junction was located at grade near the current intersection of New Utrecht Avenue and 62nd Street.
The junction included a switching track connecting the two lines, so that NY&amp;SB trains might reach the Brooklyn Bridge via the BB&amp;CI tracks. Both lines merged with the BMT Culver Line at Ninth Avenue and later the BMT Fifth Avenue Line and BMT Myrtle Avenue Line.
After both lines were rebuilt as rapid transit lines of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company, the name "Bath Junction" was dropped. A connector was no longer necessary, as the West End Line was able to reach Manhattan on its own, and was not even realistic to plan, as one line dropped into a cut and the other became elevated. The multi-level station complex was created to allow passenger transfer between the two lines.
Dual Contracts improvements.
The West End Line platforms opened on June 24, 1916 along with the first portion of the BMT West End Line from 36th Street on the BMT Fourth Avenue Line to 18th Avenue station. The line was originally a surface excursion railway to Coney Island, called the Brooklyn, Bath and Coney Island Railroad, which was established in 1862, but did not reach Coney Island until 1864. Under the Dual Contracts of 1913, an elevated line was built over New Utrecht Avenue, 86th Street and Stillwell Avenue.
Later history.
, the complex had 4,673 paying riders on a typical weekday, equating to 1,503,742 total riders in 2018.
From October 2010 to May 2012, the West End Line station was renovated with two new fare controls, new canopy and platform edges, and repainted side roof and beams.
As part of a renovation project at nine stations along the Sea Beach Line, the Manhattan-bound platform at this Sea Beach Line station was closed from January 18, 2016 to May 22, 2017. The Coney Island-bound platform was closed from July 31, 2017 to July 1, 2019.
This entire station complex, along with eight other stations along the Sea Beach Line, underwent a rehabilitation involving the installation of 4 ADA-accessible elevators from 2015 to July 2019. The transfer between the two stations was closed until July 2019 for installation of the elevators; an out-of-system transfer was provided. The project to make the station ADA-accessible was originally proposed to be completed in spring 2019. At one point, construction was expected to continue until October, but the elevators entered service on July 19, 2019.
Plans for the Interborough Express, a light rail line using the Bay Ridge Branch right of way, were announced in 2023. As part of the project, a light rail station at New Utrecht Avenue has been proposed next to the existing subway station.
BMT West End Line platforms.
The 62nd Street station is an express station on the BMT West End Line that has three tracks and two island platforms. Effective June 2025, the middle express track is used by one southbound R train and two southbound W trains during the morning rush hour. The next station to the north is 20th Avenue, while the next station to the south is 25th Avenue.
Exits.
There are two fare control areas. The full-time side is at 62nd Street (south end of station) and has the transfer to the BMT Sea Beach Line. The part-time side is at 60th Street (north end). The 60th Street exit is where the famous chase scene in the 1971 film "The French Connection" ends. This side was renovated and is HEET access for most of the day. A booth formerly existed here, but is now mostly empty space in the station house. New windows and lighting restored this mezzanine to good condition. However, the staircases from the street still have wooden boards. The station-house for the BMT Sea Beach Line used to have a newsstand and two additional doors on the left side.
On the street, the southern station entrance is set back from New Utrecht Avenue. It is to the left when facing the Tomche Shabbos food pantry warehouse; there is a small, fenced-in overgrown area separating them, with a small MTA informational sign on the chain link. The station house is also visible from 62nd Street, but there is a small MTA lot for separating street from station, designated for bus turnarounds, MTA maintenance, and MTA employee parking only. A staircase leads to the second floor of the station house, where a covered, open-air passageway provides access the south ends of the elevated platforms.
BMT Sea Beach Line platforms.
The New Utrecht Avenue station on the BMT Sea Beach Line has four tracks and two side platforms. Platform extensions are to the north end of the station and beyond the main staircase. Although most of the station is in an open cut, both ends of both platforms are underneath tunnels. This segment of the station has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2005.
Geographically east of the station, a track connection to a siding that served the Rubel Ice Company once existed; this connection was removed in the 1930s. The siding was connected to the Manhattan-bound track.
Exits.
The north end has two staircases to the full-time booth, where the transfer to the elevated BMT West End Line is available. The south end at 15th Avenue and 63rd Street is HEET access and formerly had a booth. The north end has unusual bricks on the staircase walls, suggesting the staircases were redone when the platform was extended. The original entrance had only one staircase to platform level. After the platform extension, the staircase was redone in a T formation along with the installation of brick walls.

</doc>
<doc id="7022088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022088" title="Otho Nitcholas">
Otho Nitcholas

Otho James Nitcholas (September 13, 1908 – September 11, 1986) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in seven games, all in relief, for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1945. The 36-year-old rookie right-hander stood and weighed .
Nitcholas is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on April 18, 1945 against the Philadelphia Phillies at Ebbets Field. His lone major league win came eighteen days later in a 10–7 victory over the Phillies in the second game of a doubleheader at Shibe Park.
Season and career totals for 7 games include a 1–0 record, 3 games finished, and an ERA of 5.30 in 18 innings pitched. Nitcholas walked one batter. He did give up four home runs during that span.
Nitcholas was a manager in the minor leagues from 1950–52.
On January 1, 1957, Nitcholas was appointed the first Chief of Police in Plano, Texas.
Nitcholas died in his hometown of McKinney, Texas, in 1986.
External links.
 or Retrosheet

</doc>
<doc id="7022092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022092" title="Chełmno County">
Chełmno County

Chełmno County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on 1 January 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms adopted in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Chełmno, which lies north of Toruń and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 52,018, out of which the population of Chełmno is 19,605 and the rural population is 32,413.
The county includes the protected area called Chełmno Landscape Park, which stretches along the right bank of the Vistula river.
Neighbouring counties.
Chełmno County is bordered by Świecie County to the north, Grudziądz County and Wąbrzeźno County to the east, Toruń County to the south, and Bydgoszcz County to the south-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into seven gminas (one urban and six rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7022094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022094" title="Powiat of Chełmno">
Powiat of Chełmno



</doc>
<doc id="7022096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022096" title="French Regency">
French Regency



</doc>
<doc id="7022098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022098" title="Chelmno County">
Chelmno County



</doc>
<doc id="7022105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022105" title="Wendy, Marvin and Wonder Dog">
Wendy, Marvin and Wonder Dog

Wendy Harris, Marvin White and Wonder Dog are fictional characters from the 1973 American animated TV series "Super Friends", based on the famous superheroes published by DC Comics. The series featured a lineup of DC's most popular characters, including Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman, but Hanna-Barbera, the show's producers, wanted to include young sidekick characters that the children in the audience could identify with. This led to the creation of Wendy, Marvin and their hero pet Wonder Dog, who appeared alongside their more famous friends. Because of the success of the "Super Friends" cartoon, a "Super Friends" comic book was also created, in which the trio made their first comics appearance.
Wendy, Marvin and Wonder Dog did not have superpowers, so they often did not add much to the story progression, and they were dropped after the show's first season. Wendy and Marvin were replaced in the 1977 series "The All-New Super Friends Hour" with the Wonder Twins—extraterrestrial twins with the power to transform into animals and water. Wonder Dog's comedy relief role was filled by the Wonder Twins' pet monkey, Gleek.
Wendy's voice was played by Sherry Alberoni, and Marvin and Wonder Dog were voiced by Frank Welker.
The duo were reintroduced in the "Teen Titans" comic book as the caretakers of Titans Tower, as twins Wendy and Marvin Harris. Wendy eventually became the protégée of Barbara Gordon, while the latter was operating as Oracle, and adopted the codename Proxy. Stories published in this era also revealed that the twins were the children of the supervillain Calculator.
"Super Friends".
Wendy Harris and Marvin White are two sidekicks who were created in an era in which many series featured main characters with sidekicks who were supposed to serve viewer identification. They are not given backstories in the series, but were later given origin stories following their inclusion in mainstream comics. Wendy is the niece of Harvey Harris, a detective who once trained Batman when he was still a teenager. It was postulated in an editorial column that she may have been the Earth-One version of Wendi Harris Tyler, wife of the first Hourman. Marvin (who was given the last name of White in the comics) was the son of Diana Prince, the nurse whose name Wonder Woman took when she came to Man's World, and her husband Dan White. Thus, Marvin had a sort of familial connection to the Super Friends. The Super Friends were designed to help teach young crimefighters how to be superheroes. While Wendy never wore any special costume, Marvin was always dressed with a cape and a big letter "M" on his chest.
DC's superhero comics were aimed at an older audience than "Super Friends", and Hanna-Barbera was careful to present a bland, inoffensive version of the comics' sometimes violent approach. In the book "Saturday Morning Fever", writers Timothy and Kevin Burke cite the inclusion of Wendy, Marvin and Wonder Dog as examples of the Hanna-Barbera aesthetic's intrusion into the superhero narrative:
E. Nelson Bridwell, the writer on "Super Friends", shed some light on the characters' names in "Super Friends" #1 (Nov. 1976):
"Wendy Harris, I decided, was the young lady's full name. She is a niece, not of the Batman, but of a detective named Harvey Harris. This man gave young Bruce Wayne his first crack at real detecting when Bruce was in his teens. Years later, when Harris dies, he left a sealed letter to be delivered to Bruce, revealing that he had indeed known who he was — for Harris was certainly one of the all-time greats in the field". 
"Marvin, I decided, is Marvin White — no relation to Perry White. His father is Daniel White, inventor, and his mother is the former Diana Prince".
Neither Marvin nor Wendy had any special abilities. However, once on the cartoon, Marvin was shown "practicing" flying, though not very well. In fact, in the cartoon, although very nice and very bright, Marvin was shown to be somewhat bumbling, often needing to learn the day's moral, such as looking up "photosynthesis" for himself rather than having Robin tell him. In the comics, however, Marvin and Wendy's cleverness and resourcefulness made them invaluable to the other Super Friends. The one notable resource Marvin provided to the Super Friends was his pet dog, Wonder Dog (or just "Wonder" for short), who was preternaturally intelligent, though bumbling as well.
After two seasons of the "Super Friends" cartoon, it was cancelled, though re-runs were shown through 1976. When the show returned as "The All-New Super Friends Hour" in 1977, Wendy and Marvin had been replaced by two other teenagers, Zan and Jayna, the Wonder Twins, along with their pet, the alien monkey Gleek. Marvin and Wendy did not appear on TV again for another 35 years, and they were also replaced by the Wonder Twins in the "Super Friends" comic after "graduating" from the Super Friends as full-fledged superheroes.
"Super Friends" comic book.
Wendy, Marvin and Wonder Dog were first introduced in DC Comics with the January 1976 tabloid comic "Limited Collectors' Edition presents: Super Friends" #C-41, in which the newcomers are welcomed to the Hall of Justice to meet the entire Justice League of America, including characters who did not appear on the show. Their story was mostly a frame to bookend reprints of older "Justice League" comics, but each character got their own spotlight. Superman tells Wonder Dog about Krypto, the Dog of Steel, to reassure him (and the readers) that there's a precedent for canine superheroes adventuring with the Justice League.
Wendy, Marvin and Wonder Dog then appeared in the first nine issues of the "Super Friends" comic book series (November 1976 to December 1977). In issue #7 (Oct 1977), their on-screen replacements, the Wonder Twins, were introduced in a story called "The Warning of the Wonder Twins!". The cover showed the new characters literally pushing the old trio to the side, shouting, "Your time is past, kids -- this is a job for the "new" Super-Friends!" The three-part adventure ended in issue #9, with Wendy, Marvin and Wonder Dog retiring from the team to go to college, as the Wonder Twins are accepted as new members of the team.
According to the comic book, Marvin went on to study at Ivy University, the fictional university where fellow superhero the Atom worked as a professor. Wendy moved to Paradise Island to attend an Amazon university and continue her training. Wendy and Marvin appeared again in a later issue of the "Super Friends" comic to aid the Wonder Twins, posing as Zan's and Jayna's human disguises, "John" and "Joanna", to fool a criminal who had deduced the Wonder Twins' secret identities and tried to use them to learn Batman's.
In "Wonder Woman" vol. 2 #186 (December 2002), an unnamed character identical to Wendy appears on Paradise Island as a tutor to Lyta (daughter of Circe).
DC Universe.
In 2006, a new version of the Wendy and Marvin characters debuted in the DC Universe. The pair work as "caretakers" of Titans Tower one year after the events of the "Infinite Crisis" crossover. The pair (now fraternal twins, surname Harris) seem to be technical geniuses; Wendy mentions in their initial appearance that she and Marvin graduated from MIT on their sixteenth birthday, and in "Teen Titans" #40, Ravager refers to them as "tenth-level geniuses" (comparable to Brainiac and Brainiac 5, who possess twelfth-level intellects). This Marvin continues the tradition of his previous incarnations by wearing a shirt with a stylized "M" on the front but without the attached cape of his animated counterpart. It is revealed that Cyborg was damaged and inactive since his return from space, but Wendy and Marvin repaired him and gave him new capabilities.
Wendy and Marvin meet a stray dog that Miss Martian names Wonder Dog. Wonder Dog is revealed to be a demonic monster in the service of the villain King Lycus, who appears at the end of the issue after the beast has killed Marvin and mauled Wendy. While comatose, Wendy is visited in this state by her father Noah Kuttler, who swears revenge on the Titans for allowing this to happen to his children.
In "Oracle: The Cure" #3, Wendy recovers from her coma, but is left paraplegic, with Oracle and Leslie Thompkins helping her adjust. After taking Wendy under her wing, Barbara eventually reveals her alter-ego to her. Wendy's first mission as an associate of the Oracle is to help Stephanie Brown, the new Batgirl, defeat her father the Cluemaster and save Barbara from him. Afterward, she takes on the codename of Proxy, acting as a junior version of Oracle.
Other versions.
An alternate universe variant of Marvin White appears in "Kingdom Come".
In other media.
Video games.
Wonder Dog appears in "DC Universe Online".
Miscellaneous.
Wendy, Marvin, and Wonder Dog appear in the Adult Swim web series "The New Adventures of the Wonder Twins" episode "Be Kind, Rewind". These versions are part of a rock band. Additionally, following the end of "Super Friends", Marvin put on weight and grew a beard.

</doc>
<doc id="7022119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022119" title="Wąbrzeźno County">
Wąbrzeźno County

Wąbrzeźno County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Wąbrzeźno, which lies north-east of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 34,297, out of which the population of Wąbrzeźno is 13,570 and the rural population is 20,727.
Neighbouring counties.
Wąbrzeźno County is bordered by Grudziądz County to the north, Brodnica County to the east, Golub-Dobrzyń County to the south, Toruń County to the south-west, and Chełmno County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (one urban and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7022120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022120" title="Powiat of Wąbrzeźno">
Powiat of Wąbrzeźno



</doc>
<doc id="7022122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022122" title="Wabrzezno County">
Wabrzezno County



</doc>
<doc id="7022124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022124" title="RMAS Salmoor (A185)">
RMAS Salmoor (A185)

SD "Salmoor" (previously RMAS "Salmoor" (A185)) was a "Sal"-Class mooring and salvage vessel working at HMNB Clyde, and based at "Great Harbour", Greenock. She was originally operated by the Royal Maritime Auxiliary Service, but after the organisations disbandment in March 2008 she was operated by Serco Marine Services.
"Salmoor" was built by Hall, Russell &amp; Company in 1985. She had a displacement is 2,200 tonnes and dimensions 77 m by 15 m by 4 m. Her complement was 19 and speed .
Her duties included the laying and maintenance of underwater targets, navigation marks and moorings.

</doc>
<doc id="7022132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022132" title="André de Schonen">
André de Schonen

Jean Jacques Joseph André de Schonen (24 April 1869 – 8 December 1933) was an Olympic foil fencer and a pistol and Trapshooter at the 1900 summer games He also competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics in the rapid-fire pistol event.

</doc>
<doc id="7022139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022139" title="South pacific musical">
South pacific musical



</doc>
<doc id="7022141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022141" title="Dr. Martin Uman">
Dr. Martin Uman



</doc>
<doc id="7022142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022142" title="Radziejów County">
Radziejów County

Radziejów County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Radziejów, which lies south of Toruń and south-east of Bydgoszcz. The only other town in the county is Piotrków Kujawski, lying south of Radziejów.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 40,546, out of which the population of Radziejów is 5,578, that of Piotrków Kujawski is 4,456, and the rural population is 30,512.
Neighbouring counties.
Radziejów County is bordered by Aleksandrów County to the north, Włocławek County to the east, Koło County and Konin County to the south, and Inowrocław County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into seven gminas (one urban, one urban-rural and five rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7022143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022143" title="Powiat of Radziejów">
Powiat of Radziejów



</doc>
<doc id="7022144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022144" title="Radziejow County">
Radziejow County



</doc>
<doc id="7022147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022147" title="My Half-Acre">
My Half-Acre



</doc>
<doc id="7022156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022156" title="Scottish Nuclear">
Scottish Nuclear

Scottish Nuclear was formed as a precursor to the privatisation of the electricity supply industry in Scotland on 1 April 1990. A purpose-built headquarters was built in 1992 in the new town of East Kilbride.
It consisted of the nuclear assets of the South of Scotland Electricity Board, which were later absorbed into the 1996 founded companies - Magnox Electric and British Energy.
History.
Background : before 1990.
In the late 1980s, the 1955-founded South of Scotland Electricity Board (SSEB), was one of the two major electricity generation and transmission companies in Scotland; other being North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board (now SSE plc). The SSEB generated, transmitted and distributed electricity throughout the south of Scotland, including the former regions of Strathclyde, Lothian, Fife, Central, Borders and Dumfries and Galloway and a few towns in northern England.
Scottish Nuclear : 1990-1996.
On 1 April 1990, the nuclear generation assets (Hunterston A, Hunterston B and Torness Power Stations) of SSEB were vested with a new private company - Scottish Nuclear. The chairman of the company was Sir James Hann.
The remainder of the SSEB assets were privatised as ScottishPower in 1991.
Breakup : 1996.
In 1996, the older Magnox reactor - Hunterston A was transferred to Magnox Electric - established to own and operate a proportion of the old Magnox nuclear stations of Nuclear Electric. The assets of Magnox Electric were later combined with BNFL in 1998, and eventually operated and managed by US based EnergySolutions through its June 2007 acquisition of the BFNL subsidiary - Reactor Sites Management Company.
The remaining two advanced 'AGR' nuclear plant assets of the company were combined with the assets of Nuclear Electric; and became a part of the newly formed and soon to be privatised British Energy (now EDF Energy).
Through the breakup, both the companies - Scottish Nuclear and Nuclear Electric became defunct; but is still extant through a descendant company - EDF Energy.

</doc>
<doc id="7022164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022164" title="Świecie County">
Świecie County

Świecie County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Świecie, which lies north of Toruń and north-east of Bydgoszcz. The only other town in the county is Nowe, lying north-east of Świecie.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 99,154, out of which the population of Świecie is 25,723, that of Nowe is 5,827, and the rural population is 67,604.
Neighbouring counties.
Świecie County is bordered by Starogard County and Tczew County to the north, Kwidzyn County to the north-east, the city of Grudziądz and Grudziądz County to the east, Chełmno County to the south, Bydgoszcz County to the south-west, and Tuchola County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 11 gminas (two urban-rural and nine rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7022165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022165" title="Powiat of Świecie">
Powiat of Świecie



</doc>
<doc id="7022168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022168" title="Swiecie County">
Swiecie County



</doc>
<doc id="7022169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022169" title="Son of Pain">
Son of Pain

Son of Pain is the debut album by Governor. Released under Grand Hustle on September 12, 2006, it peaked at 50 on the U.S. "Billboard" Top R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="7022173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022173" title="Toddington Narrow Gauge Railway">
Toddington Narrow Gauge Railway

The Toddington Narrow Gauge Railway ("TNGR") is a narrow-gauge railway running alongside the Gloucestershire and Warwickshire Railway at . It was built in 1985 when the Dowty Railway Preservation Society needed a new home for its collection of narrow-gauge rolling stock. The rail used on the railway was purchased from the Southend Pier Railway and Vale of Rheidol Railway.
The railway was originally named the North Gloucestershire Railway, but in 2018 is officially called the Toddington Narrow Gauge Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="7022174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022174" title="Susan Diol">
Susan Diol

Susan Vanita Diol (born May 25, 1962) is an American actress who has played supporting roles in over forty television series, including "Quantum Leap" (1989–1993; 2022–2024), "Night Court, One Life to Live", "Wings", ', ', "NCIS", and "".
Career.
Diol acted in children's theatre productions in Illinois before beginning her on-screen career. She appeared in episodes of sitcoms, including: two 1990 episodes of "Night Court", playing Dan Fielding's (John Larroquette) sister Donna; the "Seinfeld" 1991 episode "The Nose Job", as Audrey (the one who had the nose job); and a 1995 episode of "Wings", playing a call girl whom Joe and Brian inadvertently choose as a rebound date for lovelorn Antonio.
Diol has appeared in episodes of science fiction television series, including: portraying Carmen Davila in the ' episode "Silicon Avatar"; the role of Doctor Danara Pel in the ' episodes " and "; the role of Beth Calavicci, first wife of Al Calavicci, in two episodes of "Quantum Leap" (including the finale to the original run of the series); and reprised the role of Beth in three episodes (over both seasons) of the revival.
Personal life.
Diol graduated from Otterbein College in Westerville, Ohio. She has married four times: to Jerry Rapp (1991–1993), Shaun Cassidy (1995–2003), Andy Cadiff (2003–2010), and William Newkirk (2014–2016).

</doc>
<doc id="7022185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022185" title="Her Story II">
Her Story II



</doc>
<doc id="7022186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022186" title="Grudziądz County">
Grudziądz County

Grudziądz County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Grudziądz, although the city is not part of the county (it constitutes a separate city county). The only towns in Grudziądz County are Łasin, which lies east of Grudziądz, and Radzyń Chełmiński, south-east of Grudziądz.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 40,181, out of which the population of Łasin is 3,254, that of Radzyń Chełmiński is 1,847, and the rural population is 35,080.
Neighbouring counties.
Apart from the city of Grudziądz, Grudziądz County is also bordered by Kwidzyn County to the north, Iława County, Nowe Miasto County and Brodnica County to the east, Wąbrzeźno County to the south, and Chełmno County and Świecie County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (two urban-rural and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7022188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022188" title="Powiat of Grudziądz">
Powiat of Grudziądz



</doc>
<doc id="7022189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022189" title="Grudziadz County">
Grudziadz County



</doc>
<doc id="7022198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022198" title="1986 Baden-Württemberg Grand Prix">
1986 Baden-Württemberg Grand Prix



</doc>
<doc id="7022207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022207" title="The Gardella Vampire Chronicles">
The Gardella Vampire Chronicles

The Gardella Vampire Chronicles is a series of historical romance fantasy novels by the American writer Colleen Gleason about a family of vampire hunters who have lived throughout the ages, hunting the undead.
The first five novels in the series chronicle the story of Victoria Gardella Grantworth, a young woman living in 1820s Regency era England as she struggles to maintain a normal life among London’s haute ton Society and her nightly duties of hunting and killing vampires.
Gleason has recently continued the series in a spin-off, featuring Macey Gardella, a descendant of Victoria Gardella Grantworth. The first book in the series is Roaring Midnight and is set in Chicago in the Roaring Twenties.
Additionally, Gleason gives a nod to the Gardella Vampire Chronicles in her steampunk series for young adults, Stoker and Holmes. One of the characters (Miss Stoker) is a descendant of Victoria Gardella, as well as being the sister of Bram Stoker.
Series overview.
The initial five novels are classified as paranormal romance, although they actually fall between several different genres, including historical fiction, paranormal romance, and horror. The novels have elements of each of these genres, but do not adhere to all the strictures of any of them.
The Venators.
Ever since the first Gardella was called to fight vampires in First-Century Rome, members of the Gardella family have been chosen to take up the duty of ridding the world of the evil undead.
Those selected for this responsibility are warned through a series of five horrible dreams within a short time–dreams that demonstrate and portend their future of hunting vampires and battling evil. Many who are called don't know the meaning of the dreams until after the fifth one, when they are educated about the world of vampires and Venators by a mentor that is sent to them.
Once the dreams have occurred, and if the dreamer agrees to accept the Legacy, the chosen person must pass a test: to hunt and kill a vampire. One who is called to this duty bears the innate sense and skill to carry out this duty, although he or she may decide not to accept the calling.
If the chosen Gardella is successful in slaying a vampire, then he (or she) is given the vis bulla and becomes a full-fledged Venator, or vampire hunter.
The vis bulla is a holy strength amulet, a tiny silver cross forged from a small vein beneath the mountain of Golgatha and steeped in holy water. It provides protection, strength, speed, and fast-healing capability for the Venator.
There are no more than two hundred Venators world wide at any given time; they fall in far-flung branches of the Gardella family throughout all corners of the earth–often unaware of the family legacy until the five dreams, and the subsequent visit by the mentor.
These randomly appearing members of the Gardella family tree are known as born Venators, for they were born to their duty and chosen for the Legacy.
Vampires.
The first vampire was Judas Iscariot, who was seduced by Lucifer to join him after he sold Jesus Christ. Believing that he would never be forgiven, Judas hanged himself, and Lucifer used him to create a new race of creatures: half-man and half-demon, who would survive by drinking the blood of mortal man.
Lilith the Dark is the daughter of Judas, and has been alive for more than a millennium. She is the most powerful vampire on the earth today, and rules over the members of her race.
All vampires have red eyes and fangs, and will burn if subjected to direct sunlight. A stake to the heart will destroy any vampire, as will a beheading. Because of the ties between Judas and Jesus Christ, vampires are afraid of silver (due to the thirty pieces Judas received in payment for selling Jesus) and other holy objects.
Guardian vampires are those in Lilith's elite guard, and their eyes glow ruby pink instead of bloodred. These vampires have a particularly strong capability to enthrall their victims, and their fangs release a special poison at will.
Imperials are the most fearsome of all vampires. They usually have long hair and they nearly always carry swords. They can fly and glide through the air and have the ability to pull the life-force from a human without touching or biting them, also having the ability to function in the day as long as they avoid direct sunlight.
The worldbuilding.
The world of the Gardella Vampire Chronicles is one of an alternate reality in specific time periods. The early novels verge on steampunk, and as the series develops, may eventually grow into more of that genre.
The vampire hunters of the Gardella Legacy are called Venators, and there are up to one hundred of them at any given time in the world. The vast majority of them are from the far-flung branches of the Gardella family tree, but there are some Venators who, even without Gardella blood, make the choice and pass the deadly test that allow them to become vampire hunters.
The Venators wear a holy amulet in the shape of a silver cross known as a "vis bulla", which gives them strength, speed, and fast-healing capabilities.
The Venators fight the demonic vampires, of which Judas of Iscariot was the first of his race: a unique combination of demon and man.
Victoria Gardella.
The first five books in the Gardella Vampire Chronicles feature the story of Victoria Gardella, a young debutant in Regency-era (1810–1820) England. Like Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Victoria struggles with balancing her “normal” life among London’s haute ton with that of her secret duty of being a Venator.

</doc>
<doc id="7022210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022210" title="Włocławek County">
Włocławek County

Włocławek County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Włocławek, although the city is not part of the county (it constitutes a separate city county). The county contains six towns: Brześć Kujawski, which lies south-west of Włocławek, Kowal, which lies south-east of Włocławek, Lubraniec, which lies south-west of Włocławek, Izbica Kujawska, which lies south-west of Włocławek, Chodecz, which lies south of Włocławek, and Lubień Kujawski, south of Włocławek.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 86,131, out of which the population of Brześć Kujawski is 4,642, that of Kowal is 3,479, that of Lubraniec is 2,999, that of Izbica Kujawska is 2,609, that of Chodecz is 1,894, that of Lubień Kujawski is 1,391, and the rural population is 69,117.
Neighbouring counties.
Besides the city of Włocławek, Włocławek County is also bordered by Lipno County to the north, Płock County to the east, Gostynin County to the south-east, Kutno County and Koło County to the south, Radziejów County to the west, and Aleksandrów County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 13 gminas (one urban, five urban-rural and seven rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
Roads.
Highway
Country Roads

</doc>
<doc id="7022211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022211" title="Malizai">
Malizai



</doc>
<doc id="7022212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022212" title="Powiat of Włocławek">
Powiat of Włocławek



</doc>
<doc id="7022214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022214" title="Wloclawek County">
Wloclawek County



</doc>
<doc id="7022218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022218" title="Ethnoveterinary medicine">
Ethnoveterinary medicine

Ethnoveterinary medicine (EVM) considers that traditional practices of veterinary medicine are legitimate and seeks to validate them (Köhler-Rollefson and Bräunig, 1998). Many non-Western traditions of veterinary medicine exist, such as acupuncture and herbal medicine in China, Tibetan veterinary medicine, Ayurveda in India, etc. These traditions have written records that go back thousands of years, for example the Jewish sources in the Old Testament and Talmud and the Sri Lankan 400-year-old palm-leaf frond records of veterinary treatments (Hadani and Shimshony, 1994). Since colonial times scientists had always taken note of indigenous knowledge of animal health and diagnostic skills before implementing their Western-technology projects (Köhler-Rollefson and Bräunig 1998).
What Is EVM?
In the 1980s the term "Veterinary Anthropology" was coined for a particular approach to animal health care, which was researched through "using the basic repertoire of anthropology's research skills and techniques, including observation, interview and participation" (Köhler-Rollefson and Bräunig, 1998). Ethnoveterinary medicine or ethnoveterinary research was defined by McCorkle in 1995 as:
The holistic, interdisciplinary study of local knowledge and its associated skills, practices, beliefs, practitioners, and social structures pertaining to the healthcare and healthful husbandry of food, work, and other income-producing animals, always with an eye to practical development applications within livestock production and livelihood systems, and with the ultimate goal of increasing human well-being via increased benefits from stockraising.
Stock owners continue to utilize EVM until better alternatives in terms of efficacy, low cost, availability and ease of administration, are found. By far the most-studied element of EVM is veterinary ethnopharmacopoeia, especially botanicals. Besides, several studies published in recent years (e.g., Confessor et al., 2009; Froemming, 2006, Souto et al. 2011a, b) have demonstrated the importance of animals as sources of remedies used in medicine for Ethnoveterinary..
Ethnoveterinary and human ethnomedicine practices overlap in several parts of the world. Parallels between medicinal practices in human and animal ethnomedicine not only include the types of resources used and the prevalence of use of those wildlife resources, but also in the modes of administration of these remedies and the ethnomedical techniques employed (see McCorkle and Martin, 1998; Souto et al., 2011a, b).
Justification of studies.
According to Tabuti et al. (2003) and others, systematic studies on EVM can be justified for three main reasons:
Besides, the overlap between natural resources traditionally used as medicines for both humans and animals may be indicative of the efficacy of these remedies
Organizations.
Developing world institutes involved in EVM include Brazil's Universidade Federal da Paraíba/Universidade Estadual da Paraíba, Mexico's Universidad Nacional Autónoma de Chiapas, Ethiopia's Addis Ababa University, the School of Veterinary Medicine of the University of the West Indies, and Rwanda's University Centre for Research on Traditional Pharmacology and Medicine.
The Heifer Project International works in Cameroon with herders and healers experienced in EVM. The League for Pastoral People (L.P.P.) has worked with camel pastoralists in Rajasthan, India and has produced a field manual on camel diseases. Recent research on EVM in the developed world has come from Italy (Pieroni, 2004), British Columbia, Canada (Lans et al., 2006) and the Netherlands (van Asseldonk).
Women and EVM.
The importance of gender is being increasingly recognised in EVM. One of the first studies to document gender was conducted by Diana Davis who noted a difference in knowledge of EVM of Afghan Pashtun nomads that paralleled the gender-based division in the society. Davis found that women know more about healthcare for newborns and very sick animals that are taken care of near the home. Since women prepare the carcass for consumption they know twice as many types of internal parasites as men. Women also help with dystocias and the manual removal of ectoparasites.
Another study is that of the Tzotzil Maya shepherdesses who developed their own breed of sheep and have their own husbandry and healthcare system based on their traditions (Perezgrovas, 1996).
In research conducted in Trinidad it was noted that male farmers were using the reproductive knowledge of their female relatives to assist in the health care of their ruminants. Female farmers were using the same plants for their animals that they used for themselves (Lans, 2004).
ANTHRA, an organization of women veterinary scientists, has been documenting and validating EVM since 1996 in different parts of the states of Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra in India (Ghotge, 2002). ANTHRA chose to study EVM because women farmers performed 50 – 90% of all daily activities related to livestock care but were denied aspects of the local EVM because knowledge was traditionally passed from father to son.
Women are not trained as traditional Dinka healers (atet) in Sudan (VSF/Switzerland, 1998). However, female-headed households are increasing in Sudan due to war, and women are thus more visible as livestock rearers.
Validation.
Herbal remedies used for hundreds of years by stockraisers can be put to commercial use, but scientists are demanding that traditional knowledge should be validated, to verify the safety and efficacy of the treatments.
IT Kenya has a project in the Samburu District that is investigating effective EVM treatments. Vetaid is collaborating with the Animal Disease Research Institute of Dar es Salaam in Tanzania while the Christian Veterinary Mission is investigating EVM in Karamoja, Uganda. Other organizations in the field are ANTHRA and SEVA in India, ITDG and KEPADA in Kenya and World Concern in Uganda (Mathias, 2004). Studies on EVM have been commissioned by UNICEF.
Chinese medicine is also being investigated; treatments historically used for large animals are now being tested on pets. Nagle (2001) conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of P07P, a product derived from a traditional Chinese herbal remedy. There was a positive result, but it was not statistically significant.
Blanco (1999) found that traditional veterinary knowledge of Galicia, northwest Spain was still thriving due to distrust of the veterinary service. However, the traditional system of holding IK as oral knowledge of certain elders is not necessarily a panacea. Stories of loss are recorded in Giday (2003) and in (Ayisi, 1994).
The PRELUDE database on traditional veterinary medicine has over 5000 plant-based prescriptions for livestock disorders with each plant listed by family.
Environment, epidemiology and health.
EVM in future may be increasingly linked to discussions and research on ecosystem health. EVM is now increasingly integrated into "participatory epidemiology" which seeks to improve epidemiological surveillance in remote areas and encourage community participation in disease control (Mathias, 2004). EVM is also studied to provide solutions to diseases in which antigen variation has made vaccination unrealistic and drug resistant strains to Western medicines have become prevalent (Atawodi, 2002).

</doc>
<doc id="7022227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022227" title="78th (Highlanders) Regiment of Foot">
78th (Highlanders) Regiment of Foot

The 78th (Highlanders) Regiment of Foot was a Highland Infantry Regiment of the Line, raised in 1793. Under the Childers Reforms it amalgamated with 72nd Regiment, Duke of Albany's Own Highlanders to form the Seaforth Highlanders in 1881.
History.
Early history.
The regiment was raised by Francis Humberston MacKenzie, Chief of the Clan Mackenzie and later Lord Seaforth, as the 78th (Highlanders) Regiment of Foot (or The Ross-shire Buffs) on 8 March 1793. First assembled at Fort George in July 1793, the regiment moved to the Channel Islands in August 1793, and embarked for Holland in September 1794 for service in the French Revolutionary Wars. It saw action at the defence of Nijmegen in November 1794. In a bayonet attack there the regiment lost one officer and seven men; a further four officers and 60 men were wounded. The regiment moved to England in April 1795 and then sailed to France for the Battle of Quiberon Bay in June 1795 and the landing at Île d'Yeu, off the Brittany coast, in September 1795, after which it was stationed in England.
In 1794 the 78th raised a second battalion which, in July 1795, sailed for South Africa. Here it took part in the successful attack by a British fleet under Sir George Elphinstone on the Dutch Cape Colony, then held by the forces of the Batavian Republic: the attack led to the capitulation by the Dutch Navy at Saldanha Bay and the capture of the colony by British forces in September 1796.
In March 1796 the 1st battalion sailed from England to South Africa where, in June that year it amalgamated with the 2nd battalion. In November the newly merged regiment left South Africa for India. here it saw action at the Battle of Assaye in September 1803, during the Second Anglo-Maratha War. During the battle the regiment were tasked with retaking the Maratha gun line. For their part in this decisive victory, the 78th was presented with a special third colour by the East India Company, with the elephant symbol borne on the colour worn as a regimental badge. Later, when stationed in Ceylon, the 78th acquired a baby elephant as a regimental mascot. It returned to Scotland with the regiment, and was finally presented to Edinburgh Zoo.
Napoleonic Wars.
The regiment remained in India until it joined the Invasion of Java and the capture of Fort Cornelis in August 1811. In June 1812, the regiment took part in the siege and ensuing sack of Yogyakarta. 100 men of the regiment took part in a 1812 punitive expedition against the Sultanate of Sambas, but the expedition was forced to return upon encountering shore batteries, with the complement insufficient to take the defenses by storm. A second expedition, involving the 14th Regiment and Sepoy troops, would be launched in 1813 with success. Also in 1813, part of the regiment would be engaged in the suppression of a peasant rebellion in East Java, which had seen two officers of the regiment killed.
Leaving Java in September 1816, the vessel the battalion was travelling on, , was wrecked off Preparis, Burma, on 5 November on the way to Bengal. There were relatively few deaths and the rescued most of the survivors, who it carried to Calcutta; cruisers from the British East India Company rescued the remainder. "Prince Blucher" carried a part of the battalion on to England, arriving at Portsmouth in June 1817.
A second battalion was again raised in May 1804. In late 1805 this embarked for Gibraltar, before sailing to Italy and participating in the Battle of Maida in July 1806. It also took part in the Alexandria Expedition in spring 1807. Three companies of the regiment were captured at Al Hamed near Rosetta: among the prisoners was Thomas Keith who converted to Islam and entered Ottoman service. Returning home in January 1808, a draft from the battalion were present at the disastrous Dutch Walcheren Campaign in autumn 1809, which suffered substantial losses due to malaria. Although under strength, the battalion embarked for Holland in January 1814, and routed a larger French force during a skirmish at Merksem, near Antwerp. Remaining in Belgium on garrison duty, the battalion was in reserve at Nieuwpoort during the Waterloo campaign, returning home in February 1816.
By 1817 both the 1st and 2nd battalions were stationed in Scotland, where they were amalgamated the same year. The regiment was then posted to Ireland until 1826.
The Victorian era.
The regiment embarked for a tour in Ceylon in April 1826 and did not return home until February 1838. In 1831 Major Jonathan Forbes, while returning on horseback from a trip to Pollonnuruwa, encountered the "bush covered summit of Sigiriya". After home service that included responding to industrial riots in Lancashire in 1840, the 78th travelled to India in April 1842, to replace forces lost during the First Anglo-Afghan War. While at Sindh, largely due to cholera, the regiment lost two officers, 496 soldiers and 171 women and children between September 1844 and March 1845. To make up for the losses, replacements were recruited from across the United Kingdom, reducing the proportion of Scots in the regiment from 91% to under half. After service in India and Aden, the 78th moved to Persia in January 1857, and took part in the Battle of Khushab in February 1857 during the brief Anglo-Persian War.
The regiment returned to India in May 1857 to help suppress the Indian Rebellion. It took part in the recapture of Cawnpore in July 1857 and then took part in the reinforcement of Lucknow, strongly defending the residency until it was relieved in November 1857. The regiment won eight Victoria Crosses during the campaign and was hailed as the 'saviour of British India' and feted for its conduct at Lucknow. This included being commemorated by poets such as John Greenleaf Whittier and Alfred, Lord Tennyson. The regiment returned home in September 1859.
The regiment embarked for Gibraltar in 1865, and then in May 1869 sailed on the troopship HMS Crocodile to Halifax in Nova Scotia, arriving on 14 May 1869. Each summer, men from the regiment camped at Bedford to practise musketry at the military range. On their departure in 1871, a farewell ball was hosted by the Grandmaster of the Masonic Lodge of Nova Scotia, Alexander Keith. The regiment, together with 17 young local women who had married soldiers, embarked for Ireland in the troopship HMS Orontes in November 1871.
In 1871 the regiment moved to Ireland, where it helped to keep order during sectarian rioting, before a number of postings in Scotland and England. In March 1879 the 78th arrived in India, moving to Afghanistan to undertake garrison duty at Kandahar over the winter of 1880–81 at the end of the Second Afghan War.
As part of the Cardwell Reforms of the 1870s, single-battalion regiments were linked together to share a single depot and recruiting district. The 78th was linked with the 71st (Highland) Regiment of Foot, and assigned to district no. 55, with its depot at Fort George, near Inverness. On 1 July 1881 the Childers Reforms came into effect, and the regiment ended its link with the 71st, and amalgamated with the 72nd Regiment, Duke of Albany's Own Highlanders to form the Seaforth Highlanders, with the 78th becoming the second battalion.
Legacy.
The regiment's legacy is retained through Nova Scotian institutions such as Citadel Hill, which features a living history program with animators portraying the 78th Highland Regiment and controls the 78th Highlanders (Halifax Citadel) Pipe Band, a grade one pipe band formed in 1983.
Battle honours.
Battle honours won by the regiment were:
Victoria Cross recipients.
All Victoria Crosses received by the regiment were for service during the Indian Rebellion of 1857:
Colonels of the Regiment.
Colonels of the Regiment were:
78th (Highlanders) Regiment of Foot (or The Ross-shire Buffs) 

</doc>
<doc id="7022228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022228" title="No name">
No name



</doc>
<doc id="7022235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022235" title="Land borders">
Land borders



</doc>
<doc id="7022241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022241" title="Bydgoszcz County">
Bydgoszcz County

Bydgoszcz County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It was created on 1 January 1999 as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Bydgoszcz, although the city is not part of the county (it constitutes a separate city county). The only towns in Bydgoszcz County are Solec Kujawski, which lies east of Bydgoszcz, and Koronowo, north of Bydgoszcz.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 118,041, out of which the population of Solec Kujawski is 15,652, that of Koronowo is 11,162, and the rural population is 91,227.
Politics.
Voters elect a unicameral Bydgoszcz County Council () consisting of a 21-members. The council is elected under proportional representation in free elections for a 4-year term.. Executive body is county executive board ("zarząd powiatu") consists of five members elected by the council. The Board is headed by the starosta ("Starosta Bydgoski").
Council districts.
Members of the council are elected from five districts, serve four-year terms. Districts does not have the constituencies formal names. Instead, each constituency has a number and territorial description.
Neighbouring counties.
Apart from the city of Bydgoszcz, Bydgoszcz County is also bordered by Tuchola County to the north, Świecie County and Chełmno County to the north-east, Toruń County to the east, Inowrocław County to the south, Żnin County to the south-west, Nakło County to the west, and Sępólno County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into eight gminas (two urban-rural and six rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7022242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022242" title="Powiat of Bydgoszcz">
Powiat of Bydgoszcz



</doc>
<doc id="7022246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022246" title="Dr. Martin A. Uman">
Dr. Martin A. Uman



</doc>
<doc id="7022252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022252" title="UN mediation of the Kashmir dispute">
UN mediation of the Kashmir dispute

The United Nations has played an advisory role in maintaining peace and order in the Kashmir region soon after the independence and partition of British India into the dominions of Pakistan and India in 1947, when a dispute erupted between the two new States on the question of accession over the princely state of Jammu and Kashmir. India took this matter to the UN Security Council, which passed resolution 39 (1948) and established the United Nations Commission for India and Pakistan (UNCIP) to investigate the issues and mediate between the two new countries. Following the cease-fire of hostilities, it also established the United Nations Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP) to monitor the cease-fire line.
Overview.
1948–1951.
Following the outbreak of the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947, India's Governor General Mountbatten flew to Lahore on 1 November 1947 for a conference with Muhammad Ali Jinnah, proposing that, in all the princely States where the ruler did not accede to a Dominion corresponding to the majority population (which would have included Junagadh, Hyderabad as well Kashmir), the accession should be decided by an 'impartial reference to the will of the people'. Jinnah rejected the offer. The Prime Ministers Jawaharlal Nehru and Liaquat Ali Khan met again in December, where Nehru informed Khan of India's intention to refer the dispute to the United Nations under article 35 (Chapter VI) of the UN Charter, which allows the member states to bring to the Security Council attention situations `likely to endanger the maintenance of international peace'.
India sought resolution of the issue at the UN Security Council (UNSC) on 1 January 1948. Following the set-up of the United Nations Commission for India and Pakistan (UNCIP), the UN Security Council passed Resolution 47 on 21April 1948. The measure imposed an immediate cease-fire and called on the Government of Pakistan 'to secure the withdrawal from the state of Jammu and Kashmir of tribesmen and Pakistani nationals not normally resident therein who have entered the state for the purpose of fighting.' It also asked Government of India to reduce its forces to minimum strength, after which the circumstances for holding a plebiscite should be put into effect 'on the question of Accession of the state to India or Pakistan.' However, it was not until 1 January 1949 that the ceasefire could be put into effect, signed by General Gracey on behalf of Pakistan and General Roy Bucher on behalf of India.
The UNCIP made three visits to the subcontinent between 1948 and 1949, trying to find a solution agreeable to both India and Pakistan. It reported to the Security Council in August 1948 that "the presence of troops of Pakistan" inside Kashmir represented a "material change" in the situation. A two-part process was proposed for the withdrawal of forces. In the first part, Pakistan was to withdraw its forces as well as other Pakistani nationals from the state. In the second part, "when the Commission shall have notified the Government of India" that Pakistani withdrawal has been completed, India was to withdraw the bulk of its forces. After both the withdrawals were completed, a plebiscite would be held. The resolution was accepted by India but effectively rejected by Pakistan.
The Indian government considered itself to be under legal possession of Jammu and Kashmir by virtue of the accession of the state. The assistance given by Pakistan to the rebel forces and the Pakhtoon tribes was held to be a hostile act and the further involvement of the Pakistan army was taken to be an invasion of Indian territory. From the Indian perspective, the plebiscite was meant to confirm the accession, which was in all respects already complete, and Pakistan could not aspire to an equal footing with India in the contest.
The Pakistan government held that the state of Jammu and Kashmir had executed a Standstill Agreement with Pakistan which precluded it from entering into agreements with other countries. It also held that the Maharaja had no authority left to execute accession because his people had revolted and he had to flee the capital. It believed that the Azad Kashmir movement as well as the tribal incursions were indigenous and spontaneous, and Pakistan's assistance to them was not open to criticism.
In short, India required an asymmetric treatment of the two countries in the withdrawal arrangements regarding Pakistan as an 'aggressor', whereas Pakistan insisted on parity. The UN mediators tended towards parity, which was not to India's satisfaction. In the end, no withdrawal was ever carried out, India insisting that Pakistan had to withdraw first, and Pakistan contending that there was no guarantee that India would withdraw afterwards. No agreement could be reached between the two countries on the process of demilitarisation.
Scholars have commented that the failure of the Security Council efforts of mediation owed to the fact that the council regarded the issue as a purely political dispute without investigating its legal underpinnings.
1951–1957.
The India-Pakistan question was not a part of the agenda for the UNSC from 1953 and 1957. During this period, both India and Pakistan made internal decisions that worsened each other's perception of the other's stance on Kashmir. Pakistan became a part of the military alliances Southeast Asia Treaty Organization (SEATO) and Central Treaty Organisation (CENTO). India saw nationalist movements from 1954 onwards. Organizations such as Bhartiya Jana Sangha demanded integration. The main trigger for Pakistan to appeal to the UNSC was the adoption of the Constitution of Jammu and Kashmir in November 1956 which stated "The State of Jammu and Kashmir is and will be a part of Union of India".
1962–1972.
Through a letter on 1 January 1962 Pakistan asked for a meeting of the UNSC. Shortly after, India said that such a meeting was not required. This continued until the UNSC eventually held discussions on the India-Pakistan question on 1 February 1962 and between 27 April and 22 June 1962. Following the Second Kashmir War, India and Pakistan signed the Tashkent Declaration. The Tashkent Declaration by-passed the United Nations and was brokered by the Soviet Union. The liberation of Bangladesh and 1972 Simla Agreement made India harden its stance on aversion to United Nations mediation on Kashmir.
1972–present.
1972 onwards, UNSC no longer passed any resolution on the India-Pakistan question. Pakistan independently and through bodies such as the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, continues to raise the issue at the United Nations General Assembly. The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, and UN Secretary General over the years have commented upon the issue. The OHCHR came out with two reports in 2018 and 2019.
The UNMOGIP is still functional. According to the secretary-general the UNMOGIP can only be abolished through a UNSC decision. However, India has maintained that the Simla agreement of July 1972, which stipulated that both countries would settle differences peacefully through bilateral negotiations rendered previous Council resolutions redundant.
Following the revocation of the special status of Jammu and Kashmir, the UNSC discussed the Kashmir question at least three times. However no resolutions was taken and no statement issued.
Mediatory reports.
Mediatory reports include:
McNaughton proposals.
In December 1949 the Canadian president of the UNSC, General McNaughton, was requested by the council to approach the two states to solve the dispute. McNaughton issued both states on 22 December with his proposals and two days before his term as president of the council was to expire he reported back to the UNSC, on 29 December. But the council asked him to continue his mediation and he did so, submitting his final report on 3 February 1950.
His proposal enclosed a scheme whereby Pakistan and India would simultaneously withdraw their regular forces (excluding those Indian regular forces needed for security purposes). The Azad Kashmir forces and Kashmir State forces (and other militia) would both be demobilized. The Northern Areas would also be dimilitarised and its administration would remain with the local authorities, under UN supervision. Pakistan accepted his suggestions but India proposed two far-reaching amendments which amounted to a rejection.
The proposals treated India and Pakistan as equal participants in the dispute which was not acceptable to India. In India's view, Pakistan was present illegally in Kashmir while India was present legally. The United States warned India that it would have no option but to comply with any decision that the Security Council may opt for because by rejecting the McNaugton proposals it would be the third successive time India spurned the conclusions of a neutral UN representative, upon which Nehru accused the US of pressurizing his government. India's rejections of the McNaugton proposals were viewed by American policymakers as an example of Indian "intransigence."
The McNaughton proposals, widely supported in the Security Council, led to the passage of a resolution on 14 March 1950 that recognized Pakistan as an equal party in the Kashmir dispute and allotted both India and Pakistan a five-month period to implement a demilitarisation plan; while Pakistan accepted the resolution, India unequivocally rejected it. The council then appointed Sir Owen Dixon as the next UN representative to the two countries; and he was tasked with administering McNaughton's demilitarisation scheme, which India had already rejected.
Dixon mission.
On the Pakistani side of the ceasefire line, Sir Owen Dixon proposed that the areas demilitarized by Pakistan would be governed by the local authorities under supervision by the commission, according to the "law and custom" of the State before the conflict started. India opposed this idea because it believed that the local authorities were biased in Pakistan's favour and this would not be in India's interests. However, India did not offer any substitute ideas.
On the Indian side of the ceasefire line, Dixon proposed attaching a United Nations officer with each district magistrate who would be allowed to inspect and report on the magistrate's reports and proceedings. Nehru objected to this idea by claiming that it would intrude on the state's sovereignty. Nehru again offered no alternative idea.
Next, Dixon put before the prime ministers of the two countries some proposals such as establishing a coalition government between Sheikh Abdullah and Ghulam Abbas or distributing the portfolios between the various parties. Dixon's second suggestion was to establish a neutral government by respectable non-political people for a six-month period prior to a referendum, in which membership would be split between Hindus and Muslims equally, under United Nations supervision. Dixon's third suggestion was to install an administrative body made up completely of representatives from the UN. Nehru disagreed with all these suggestions. Sir Owen Dixon criticized India for its negative reactions to all the demilitarization proposals. Sir Owen Dixon took India to task in very strong language for its negative reactions to the various alternative proposals for demilitarisation.
Dixon next asked Nehru in the presence of the Pakistani Prime Minister whether it would be advisable to have plebiscites by region and allocate each region according to the results of a plebiscite in each. India reacted favourably to this plan. According to the Indian commentator Raghavan, it was first Nehru who proposed a partition-cum-plebiscite plan: Jammu and Ladakh would go to India, Azad Kashmir and Northern Areas to Pakistan, and a plebiscite would be held in the Kashmir Valley. Dixon favoured the plan, which bears his name till this day. Dixon agreed that people in Jammu and Ladakh were clearly in favour of India; equally clearly, those in Azad Kashmir and the Northern Areas wanted to be part of Pakistan. This left the Kashmir Valley and 'perhaps some adjacent country' around Muzaffarabad in uncertain political terrain. However, according to Dixon, Pakistan "bluntly rejected" the proposal. It believed that the plebiscite should be held in the entire state or the state should be partitioned along religious lines. Pakistan believed that India's commitment to a plebiscite for the whole of Jammu and Kashmir should not be departed from.
Dixon also had concerns that the Kashmiris, not being high-spirited people, may vote under fear or improper influences. Following Pakistan's objections, he proposed that Sheikh Abdullah administration should be held in "commission" (in abeyance) while the plebiscite was held. This was not acceptable to India. According to Raghavan, at this point, Dixon lost patience and declared failure.
Another reason India declined Dixon's proposals for a limited plebiscite was that India wanted to keep its own troops in Kashmir during the plebiscite, claiming they were necessary for "security reasons", but at the same time India did not want any Pakistani troops to remain. This contradicted the Dixon plan which had stipulated that neither India nor Pakistan would be permitted to retain troops in the plebiscite zone.
Dixon felt that India would not agree to demilitarisation and other provisions governing the plebiscite that guard against influence and abuse. In the absence of Indian demilitarization, the Pakistanis and the Azad forces were unwilling to demilitarise the territory under their administration. Dixon's final comment was to suggest that India and Pakistan be left to solve the situation on their own.
The failure of the Dixon mission served to increase the American ambassador Loy Henderson's distrust of India. Henderson in his own assessment upon visiting the Kashmir Valley observed that the majority of people in the Valley would vote to join Pakistan in a plebiscite rather than remain with India. He observed that if given the choice, most Kashmiris would opt for a third option: independence. Henderson believed that because of Indian allegations, kindled by Nehru, that America was biased in favour of Pakistan, the Americans ought to distance themselves from the Kashmir dispute, which Washington did so in 1950.
Frank Graham's mediation.
Pakistan vetoed Ralph Bunche as the next mediator.
When Dixon's successor, Frank Graham, arrived in the subcontinent during a time of tension, he tried to effect demilitarisation prior to a plebiscite but India and Pakistan could not agree on the number of troops who were to remain in Kashmir.
Frank Graham was appointed by the Security Council as the UN representative for India and Pakistan on 30 April 1951. Graham arrived in the subcontinent on 30 June 1951. The Graham mission had to reach an agreement between the two countries concerning the demilitarisation of Kashmir. Similar to the experience of previous UN representatives, Graham had first proposed a demilitarisation scheme which found acceptance from Pakistan but rejection from India. Thereafter, Graham gave an alternative proposal whereby both countries were to gradually reduce their forces to minimal levels and to the ratio of their presence in the state on 1 January 1949. This proposal was accepted by Pakistan but rejected by India.
Graham offered a fresh set of proposals on 16 July 1952. By them Pakistan would reduce its forces to a quantity between 3,000 and 6,000 and India would reduce its troops numbers to between 12,000 and 16,000. But the state militias on the Indian side and the Gilgit and Northern Scouts on Pakistan's side were not included in these figures. Because Pakistan was hopeful for a plebiscite it accepted this plan but India did not accept it, perhaps because the question of irregular forces was not solved. Graham revised the figures so that 6,000 would be the limit of Pakistan's forces and 18,000 would be the limit for India's forces. The response of India was to propose that it be allowed to keep 21,000 troops (including the state militia) in its side but that Pakistan be allowed only a 4,000 strong civilian force. Graham reported his failure to the Security Council, which subsequently passed a resolution in December 1951 calling for India and Pakistan to come to an agreement on reducing the size of their forces. The resolution requested Pakistan to reduce its military presence to 3,000–6,000 and that India to cut its own troop numbers to a number between 12,000 and 18,000. The Security Council urged both countries to consider Graham's criterion for troop reductions which he had suggested on 4 September 1951. Pakistan agreed to the Security Council resolution but India did not and gave no reason for its rejection.
Graham then tried to make the mediation move forward and, without proposing a parallel increase of Pakistani forces, gave a proposal which would allow India to keep 21,000 troops as had been India's demand. This proposal was also unsuccessful. Graham submitted a second report to the United Nations in December to recount the failure of his endeavors to achieve a demilitarisation for a plebiscite. His third submission to the UN in April 1952 relayed some headway on the demilitarisation question as both countries had begun withdrawing forces since March. But by the fourth report in October 1952 Graham had to inform the Security Council that the negotiations had stumbled again over the question of the size and type of forces to be permitted for both sides. The Security Council then adopted a resolution asking that the two nations hold direct talks over this question. There were talks in February 1953 in Geneva but the UN representative realised that this method would be unsuccessful. On 27 March 1953 Graham presented his final report and his mediatory efforts ended. The two questions during this mediation which India and Pakistan differed upon was the number of troops to remain after demilitarisation on each side and when the plebiscite administrator could assume their tasks.
United Nations Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan.
The Security Council Resolution 47 (1948) also enlarged the membership of the UNCIP to five members. India and Pakistan signed the Karachi Agreement in July 1949 and established a ceasefire line to be supervised by observers. The first group of these unarmed observers arrived in the mission area in January 1949 to oversee the ceasefire between India and Pakistan. After the termination of the UNCIP, the Security Council passed Resolution 91 (1951) and established a "United Nations Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan" (UNMOGIP) to observe and report violations of ceasefire.
After the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, the two countries signed the Simla Agreement in 1972 to define the Line of Control in Kashmir. India and Pakistan disagree on UNMOGIP's mandate in Kashmir because India argued that the mandate of UNMOGIP has lapsed after the Simla agreement because it was specifically established to observe ceasefire according to the Karachi Agreement.
However, the secretary-general of the United Nations maintained that the UNMOGIP should continue to function because no resolution has been passed to terminate it. India has partially restricted the activities of the unarmed 45 UN observers on the Indian side of the Line of Control on the grounds that the mandate of UNMOGIP has lapsed.
Despite the limitations on its mandate, UNMOGIP continues to operate in the region by reporting on the situation along the Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir. The primary tasks of UNMOGIP include observing and reporting, investigating complaints of ceasefire violations, and submitting its findings to each party and to the Secretary-General. The mission plays a crucial role in monitoring and reporting on the situation along the Line of Control (LoC), thereby contributing to the maintenance of peace and stability in the region.
UNMOGIP has encountered several obstacles in fulfilling its mandate. These include restrictions on the movement of UNMOGIP officials, long delays in obtaining visas, and difficulties in conducting operational tasks.
In 2023, a high-ranking UN official reported that the ceasefire along the LoC is being maintained, with only two violations reported. Moreover, the Lieutenant Governor of Jammu and Kashmir, Manoj Sinha, has stated that the government will investigate the issue regarding the closure of the United Nations office in Kashmir.

</doc>
<doc id="7022254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022254" title="Thomas Gainesburrow">
Thomas Gainesburrow



</doc>
<doc id="7022262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022262" title="Golub-Dobrzyń County">
Golub-Dobrzyń County

Golub-Dobrzyń County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is the town of Golub-Dobrzyń, which lies east of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz. The only other town in the county is Kowalewo Pomorskie, lying north-west of Golub-Dobrzyń.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 45,059, out of which the population of Golub-Dobrzyń is 12,563, that of Kowalewo Pomorskie is 4,130, and the rural population is 28,366.
Neighbouring counties.
Golub-Dobrzyń County is bordered by Wąbrzeźno County to the north, Brodnica County to the north-east, Rypin County to the east, Lipno County to the south and Toruń County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (one urban, one urban-rural and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7022264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022264" title="Powiat of Golub-Dobrzyń">
Powiat of Golub-Dobrzyń



</doc>
<doc id="7022266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022266" title="Golub-Dobrzyn County">
Golub-Dobrzyn County



</doc>
<doc id="7022267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022267" title="Sub sahara">
Sub sahara



</doc>
<doc id="7022270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022270" title="Subsahara">
Subsahara



</doc>
<doc id="7022297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022297" title="Atanas Bornosuzov">
Atanas Bornosuzov

Atanas Bornosuzov (; born 5 October 1979) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a midfielder. For Bulgaria U21, Bornosuzov was capped 22 times.
Career.
Bornosuzov started to play football in Maritsa Plovdiv. After spending the first two years of his career in the little clubs Sokol Komatevo, Olimpik Teteven and Dobrudzha Dobrich, in 1999 Bornosuzov signed a contract with the Champion of Bulgaria for 1998–99 Litex Lovech. For four years in Litex he earned 106 appearances, scored 18 goals and won the 2001 Bulgarian Cup.
In January 2004, Bornosuzov transferred to Naftex Burgas for a fee of 100 000 €. One year later Atanas signed with Russian side Tom Tomsk.
In June 2006 he came to Levski Sofia. From January 2007 he played in FC Terek Grozny. On 1 July 2008 Bornosuzov signed with Al Salmiya from Kuwait. 3 months later, on 5 October, his compatriot Kiril Nikolov joined the club.
In February 2009 Bornosuzov returned to Bulgaria and signed with Cherno More Varna. For the Sailors, Bornosuzov earned 37 caps and scored 3 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="7022300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022300" title="The bottle inn">
The bottle inn



</doc>
<doc id="7022305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022305" title="Herald And Post (teesside)">
Herald And Post (teesside)



</doc>
<doc id="7022310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022310" title="Valpacos">
Valpacos



</doc>
<doc id="7022314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022314" title="N449A">
N449A



</doc>
<doc id="7022331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022331" title="John boat">
John boat



</doc>
<doc id="7022338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022338" title="Naranath bhranthan">
Naranath bhranthan



</doc>
<doc id="7022339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022339" title="Agueda">
Agueda



</doc>
<doc id="7022346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022346" title="UN in Kashmir">
UN in Kashmir



</doc>
<doc id="7022353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022353" title="Shirocco">
Shirocco

Shirocco (foaled 10 April 2001) is a German Thoroughbred racehorse. He was trained in his native Germany by Andreas Schütz up to the end of his three-year-old season before moving to French trainer André Fabre to race as a four and five year old.
Background.
Shirocco was sired by Monsun, a German racehorse and leading sire. His dam was The Minstrel mare So Sedulous who won two races when trained in England by Geoff Wragg. She was also the dam of Subiaco (winner of the Group 2 Gerling-Preis) and stakes winners Satchmo, Storm Trooper and September Storm.
Racing career.
Shirocco is best known for winning the Breeders' Cup Turf in 2005. He also won the 2004 Deutsches Derby. Overall, he won 6 major group races in 5 countries.
Awards.
In 2005 Shirocco was named German Horse of the Year.
Stud record.
In October 2006 he was purchased by Darley Stud and retired to Dalham Hall Stud in Newmarket, England. In seven seasons on the Darley stallion roster he sired Brown Panther (winner of the Group 1 Irish St. Leger), Windstoss (winner of the Group 1 Deutsches Derby) and Group 2 winners Arrigo, Grand Vent and Wild Coco. Before the start of the 2014 breeding season he was sold to Glenview Stud in Fermoy, County Cork, Ireland to stand as a National Hunt stallion. In 2016 his daughter Annie Power won the Champion Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="7022356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022356" title="Dra Abu el-Naga">
Dra Abu el-Naga



</doc>
<doc id="7022360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022360" title="Nelson Wesley Trout">
Nelson Wesley Trout

Nelson Wesley Trout (1921–1996) was the first African-American bishop in the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. Trout was born in Columbus, Ohio, USA.
Trout was elected bishop of the South Pacific District of the American Lutheran Church (ALC) in 1983, a position he served through 1987. At the time of his election he was a professor and director of minority studies at Trinity Lutheran Seminary, Columbus, Ohio.
Trout was known for his preaching. During his earlier career, he served pastorates in Alabama (where he became a friend and colleague of Martin Luther King Jr.), California and Wisconsin, and as Executive Director of Lutheran Social Services, Dayton, Ohio. On two occasions he served the ALC in executive capacities: as Associate Youth Director (1962–67) and Director of Urban Evangelism (1968–70).
Trout died in 1996 at the age of 75. He is commemorated in the Calendar of Saints of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America on September 20.

</doc>
<doc id="7022362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022362" title="Metropolis (barbershop quartet)">
Metropolis (barbershop quartet)

Metropolis was a barbershop quartet affiliated with the Barbershop Harmony Society. The group won five consecutive medals with the Barbershop Harmony Society at their annual International Convention. Metropolis has performed over 500 stage shows in the United States and in Finland, Russia, England, New Zealand, The Netherlands, Japan and Ireland from 1994 to 2013. They performed in over 190 cities around the world and over 40 states/provinces in the USA &amp; Canada.
Metropolis appeared on "What's Your Hobby", as well as the pilot episode of the "Fourth Floor Show" on E! Entertainment Television with Vance DeGeneres, followed by the filming of a national Dr Pepper commercial. They have appeared on "" in which Dick Van Dyke sang a song with the quartet in the episode entitled "Santa Claude". Metropolis has made radio appearances and performed in an independent film entitled "Pacino is Missing".
They have been section leaders for the International Barbershop Chorus Champion Masters of Harmony and were part of the performances in Salt Lake City in 1996 and Anaheim in 1999 which gained the Masters their third and fourth consecutive International Chorus Championships. The quartet was also named the Masters of Harmony 1996 Quartet of the Year.
In addition to becoming 1996–97 Far Western District Champions, on May 9, 1998, Metropolis earned the Harmony Sweepstakes' Grand National A Cappella Championship – the first barbershop quartet to do so in the history of the event – and in 1999, the Contemporary A Cappella Recording Awards (or CARAs) nominated Metropolis' CD "Aural Hygiene" for "Best Barbershop Recording" and "Best Barbershop Song".
In 2002 in Portland, Oregon, Metropolis earned a bronze medal in the Barbershop Harmony Society's International Competition and repeated this achievement in Montreal, Quebec in 2003, Louisville, Kentucky in 2004, Salt Lake City in 2005 and again in Indianapolis, Indiana in 2006.
The quartet performed an average of 23 shows per year for over 12 years, traveling around the United States as well as traveling to Europe, Asia, Russia and the Pacific Rim to teach and perform. Their final performance was on October 19, 2013, on the Harborlites Chorus annual show.
Members.
The original members of the quartet, who earned their first 3 medals together at the International Barbershop Convention are:
In September 2004, Mike McGee, who had moved to Florida, requested replacement of his part in the quartet. The remaining members of Metropolis conducted auditions for a replacement baritone, eventually choosing Kelly Shepard, former Bass of 2002 Far Western District Championship quartet "Sam's Club". Mike continued to fill in with the group over the years as they continued to perform around the world. At that time, the lineup became:
This version of the group went on to earn two more bronze medals at the International Barbershop Convention.
In June 2015, tenor James Sabina passed away unexpectedly at age 39, thus ending the quartet's ability to perform. Members of the Metropolis family set up an educational fund, on their memorial page for James, for his two daughters.
Other previous members include:

</doc>
<doc id="7022365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022365" title="Mertola">
Mertola



</doc>
<doc id="7022372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022372" title="Postal Square Building">
Postal Square Building

The Postal Square Building, formerly the City Post Office, served as the main post office for the city of Washington, D.C., from the building's completion in 1914 to 1986. It now houses the National Postal Museum, the Bureau of Labor Statistics, and offices of the United States Senate. Architect Daniel Burnham designed the building in the Beaux-Arts style—the same style Burnham used for neighboring Washington Union Station. 
Construction for the Postal Square Building began in 1911 on a lot near the Capitol. Planning began with a 1901 proposal by the Senate Parks Commission. The commission called for three buildings to mark the northern end of the Capitol complex. While the first two buildings in the plan, Union Station and the Postal Square Building, were completed early in the 20th century, the 1901 plan would not be fully implemented until the completion of the Thurgood Marshall Federal Judiciary Building in 1992.
A major renovation from 1929 to 1935 expanded the building for increased mail processing and service capacity. By the 1950s, renovations had removed many of the Beaux-Arts features of the building. The main hall and lobby area only showed traces of their former grandiose design with modernist elements replacing the Beaux-Arts style.
The building received another major renovation in the early 1990s, during which the original appearance of the lobby and main hall area was restored. The National Postal Museum moved into the building in 1993 following the renovations. The Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Capitol City Brewing Company also moved into the building during the 1990s. Capitol City Brewing Company closed in 2011 to make room for an expansion of the National Postal Museum. As of 2023, the Bureau of Labor Statistics had begun transitioning to office space in Suitland, Maryland, while most BLS employees continued to work from home as they had been doing since the start of the Covid-19 pandemic.

</doc>
<doc id="7022374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022374" title="Aleksandrów Kujawski County">
Aleksandrów Kujawski County



</doc>
<doc id="7022376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022376" title="Xanadu (ELO song)">
Xanadu (ELO song)



</doc>
<doc id="7022388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022388" title="Povoa de Lanhoso">
Povoa de Lanhoso



</doc>
<doc id="7022396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022396" title="List of magnum p.i. episodes">
List of magnum p.i. episodes



</doc>
<doc id="7022400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022400" title="Woodlawn Cemetery (Detroit)">
Woodlawn Cemetery (Detroit)

Woodlawn Cemetery is a cemetery located at 19975 Woodward Avenue, opposite the former Michigan State Fairgrounds, between 7 Mile Road and 8 Mile Road, in Detroit, Michigan.
History.
The cemetery was established in 1895 and immediately attracted some of the most notable names in the city. The grounds encompass and were planned by civil engineer Mason L. Brown and horticulturalist Frank Eurich. At the time of the first burial in 1896, Woodlawn was outside the city limits. Eurich also developed Woodlawn Cemetery in Toledo.

</doc>
<doc id="7022403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022403" title="Toowong Cemetery">
Toowong Cemetery

Toowong Cemetery is a heritage-listed cemetery on the corner of Frederick Street and Mt Coot-tha Road, Toowong, City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It was established in 1866 and formally opened in 1875. It is Queensland's largest cemetery and is located on forty-four hectares of land at the corner of Frederick Street and Mount Coot-tha Road approximately four and a half kilometres west of Brisbane. It was previously known as Brisbane General Cemetery. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 31 December 2002.
Although still used as a cemetery, it is a popular place for joggers and dog walkers, with its over-hanging fig trees and winding pathways. The Friends of Toowong Cemetery is a volunteer group that discover and share the history and stories of Toowong Cemetery. They conduct tours and provide a series of self-guided walks through the cemetery.
History.
Bureaucratic procrastination, manoeuvring and public discontent colour the early history of the Brisbane General Cemetery at Toowong and contributed to the decades of delay in providing a new General Cemetery for Brisbane in the second half of the nineteenth century.
The first cemetery serving the small penal settlement that was Brisbane between 1825 and 1842 was located on the (present day) northern approach to the William Jolly Bridge, bounded by Skew Street, Saul Street, Eagle Terrace and Upper Roma Street. It was here that soldiers and convicts were interred but was considered unfit for the burial of children. One soldier's four children were buried in a brick crypt in an area at North Quay near Herschel Street.
As Brisbane expanded due to its opening to free settlement in 1842, growth was such that the cemetery was eventually surrounded by residential properties. The concept of a rural cemetery located outside the bounds of town limits emerged as a major transformation in burial practices in the late 18th century in Britain and Europe and was well established by the time towns and settlements were being formed in Queensland. A new burial ground was surveyed for North Brisbane in 1844 just beyond the (then) western boundary of the municipality, reserving twenty five hectares of land between Milton Road, Hale Street, Sweetman Street and Dowse Street (the southern part of which is now Suncorp Stadium); it was known as North Brisbane Burial Ground officially but also as Milton Cemetery and Paddington Cemetery, reflecting its location. However, the public did not feel the cemetery was sufficiently distant from the residential areas. Whilst the proximity of the new cemetery allowed customary procession on foot, and natural drainage away from the early settlement served to allay sanitary concerns, as early as 1851, the public were petitioning the Government of New South Wales (the separation of Queensland did not occur until 1859) to relocate the North Brisbane Burial Grounds. Brisbane's rapid expansion following its opening to free settlement in 1842 was such that the Paddington Cemetery, was now in the heart of a prime inner residential area and was being challenged by the residents who feared for their health.
The first progress to establish a new cemetery were made in 1861 when of land was set aside for cemetery purposes at Toowong, south-west of the North Brisbane Burial Ground. The land however, was chosen by default rather than by design. Augustus Gregory, the Surveyor-General had not favoured the Toowong site but found it to be the only locality to present the requisite requirements. The appropriateness of the site at Toowong for the purpose of a General Cemetery was an issue contested for the next two decades. The isolation and suitability of the Toowong site with its lack of access and public transport fuelled dissent and debate and the public continued to use the cheaper, more accessible familial grounds at Paddington.
Although the Cemetery Act was passed in 1866 providing the means to establish general cemeteries under the control of government appointed trustees, it was another decade before the Toowong Cemetery was officially opened. In 1868, a further portion of Crown land, 53 acres in area, north of the cemetery reserve was added to fulfil of the Trustee's requirement for the entire cemetery to be surrounded with public roads.
The reserve of 250 acres 1 rood was gazetted and the Cemetery Trust established in October 1870 and its honorary trustees were amongst Brisbane's most prominent political and business figures – James Cowlishaw, John Hardgrave, William Pettigrew, Samuel Walker Griffith, George Edmonstone, Alexander Raff, John Petrie (Chairman), Michael Quinlan and Nathaniel Lade.
Trial sinkings at Toowong in December 1870 found the ground to be unsuitable, but this knowledge did not prompt the government to secure a more appropriate location. Queensland's second governor, Samuel Wensley Blackall had been a supporter of the Toowong site and in his ill health indicated his desire to be buried there. He was buried on the highest knoll on 3 January 1871 and his memorial is the largest and most prominent in the cemetery with commanding views of the city and surrounds.
The Surveyor General, the Trustees and the Colonial Secretary had not favoured the Toowong Site and even after the burial of Governor Blackall on its most prominent peak, the Trustees were still pursuing other more suitable prospects for a cemetery site. Three private properties had been offered for sale for cemetery purposes. Of these, Trustee George Edmondstone's property on Enoggera Creek was identified as being most suitable; however the Colonial Treasurer could not reach an agreement on price and the Toowong site came to be accepted as the Brisbane General Cemetery grounds.
In June 1871, Petrie, Pettigrew and Perry were nominated to choose a suitable 40 acres for clearing for the general cemetery. In 1872, ground lying north of the road and east of the western boundary of the 53 acre portion was cleared and enclosed by 540 rods of good quality pig fencing (a four rail fence) with two entrances not more than 4 rods on each side of the main entrance erected by John Ballard.
A Keeper's Lodge was built by E Lewis and gates and ornamental fencing at the main entrance, designed by the Colonial Architect, FDG Stanley, were erected in 1873–74.
Between Governor Blackall's burial and the official opening of the Cemetery, there were six burials. The next interment was Ann Hill, daughter of Walter Hill, superintendent of the Botanical Gardens on 2 November 1871. Thomas and Martha McCulloch were buried in November 1873, Teresa Maria Love on 16 March 1875 and Florence and Ethel Gordon on 4 July 1875.
The Trustees received numerous requests for separate burial sections from churches and other like-minded group to ensure that religious and social class distinctions within society were perpetuated in mortality. Between November 1874 and August 1875 portions were allocated by the Trustees upon request. Portion No 1, was allocated to the Church of England, Portion No 2 to the Wesleyans, Portion No 3 to the Hebrews, Portion No 7 to the Roman Catholics, Portion No 16 to paupers and No 17 and parts of No 1 and 7 to public graves, Portion No 15 to criminals. In 1879, the Chinese were allocated part of Portion 2, then relocated in January 1884 to the ground below 7 and then again in April of that year to Portion No 8. The various cultural and religious groups were separated and boundaries clearly formed by winding roads. There is a strong showing of the Christian section of the graves, supporting the demographic dominance of Anglo-Saxons in Brisbane and the relocation of the Chinese several times (now in Portion 19) demonstrates the disregard afforded to this section of the community, which exhumed many of its dead for reinterment in China.
The lack of public transportation for funeral processions was one of the perceived shortfalls of the Toowong site, so the extension of the Main Line railway through the western suburbs to Toowong in 1875 with the promise of a mortuary rail station (similar to Sydney's Mortuary railway station) provided the catalyst for the opening of the cemetery. The grounds at the Cemetery were laid out by the prominent surveyor, George Phillips and a set of books drawn up by the Government Printer. The Cemetery was officially opened on 5 July 1875.
Controversy was quelled for a time but the respite was short lived and the Cemetery was subjected to a parliamentary inquiry in 1877 where public health issues, the steep and rocky terrain, the distance and inconvenience for mourners and the cost in relation to other alternatives including mortuary trains to Toowong were considered. No further meetings were held by the Trustees until March 1878.
The Cemetery had come to be valued for not only its heritage as the resting place of Governor Blackall but as a place for recreation and repose. Had the government decided from its inquiry to abandon the Toowong Cemetery in favour of another proposed site at Woogaroo, the Trustees wanted to retain the management of the Toowong site and for it to be maintained in an ornamental way as a place of resort for the people of Brisbane.
Community health concerns relating to the Cemetery began to dissipate in the second half of the 1880s. Whilst a public meeting of concerned residents discussed the closure of the cemetery in July 1885, within six months the local community was petitioning the Trustees to endorse the opening of a road through the cemetery reserve. Approval for the public thoroughfare through the cemetery was given in July 1886. The approval renewed concern in some quarters for the health risks associated with the increase in public activity at the Cemetery and the planting of trees amongst the graves especially of those dying of virulent diseases was advocated.
The cemetery was however, well established with trees by this time. From 1876, one year after its official opening, many plants and young trees had been supplied to the Cemetery from the Botanical Gardens and Acclimatisation Society. Initially, Walter Hill, the Botanical Gardens superintendent donated 38 shade and ornamental trees to the Cemetery and Mr Lewis Adolphus Bernays of the Acclimatisation Society offered 50 trees in exchange for a subscription from the Trustees.
From 1878, the Cemetery gardens were attended by dresser, William Melville, a position he held for 38 years. Flowers, shrubs and plants were cultivated on the site on Portion 10 and sold to meet the needs of the site's visitors from a flower shed that straddled the creek. Mature camellias at the Cemetery, located in Portion 4 and 13 may be the first planted in Queensland from cuttings from Camden Park Estate, the home of John Macarthur, who may have been the first to import them into Australia. A dam on Portion 16 was used for irrigation until 1905 when water taps were installed.
In 1886, the Defence Force leased the largely unused area of the cemetery, now occupied by Anzac Park, as a rifle range and the whole paddock and the Cemetery Overseer's cottage designed by Trustee, James Cowlishaw and built by E Bishop in 1877 came under the control of the Brigade Officer in charge of the Range. In exchange, the Queensland Government built another cottage in 1887 for the overseer at a cost of £250. A pavilion, also designed by Cowlishaw was built in 1885 at the northern end of Portion 10.
In 1891, extensive public usage of the cemetery land spurred the newly formed Toowong Shire Council to seek an arrangement with the Trustees to utilise some of the land for the purpose of public recreation. Whilst initially reluctant, the Trustees came to support the idea. In 1915, the Toowong Park Act was passed providing the Trustees with the means to transfer 132 acres 2 roods 18 perches to the Toowong Town Council for Park and Recreation purposes known in part as the Old Rifle Range for the sum of £1,000. This revenue was used to finance the construction of new gates and fencing and the purchase in 1916, of Portion 872, the sole adjoining private property, to satisfy the Trustees preference for completely surrounding the cemetery with public roads.
Agitation for public transport within close proximity of the cemetery was finally achieved with the extension of the tramway to the cemetery in 1901. A shelter shed was erected by the Brisbane Tramways Company in 1916.
The Paddington Cemeteries Act of 1911, authorised the Queensland Government to resume the several cemeteries at Milton and, upon the request of any relative of any person buried therein within 12 months, to disinter the remains of the deceased. The remains were removed together with any memorials to any cemetery agreed upon with associated costs borne by the Government. Of the 4,643 identifiable graves at Milton, there were 178 applications made. 139 remains and 105 memorials were relocated from Milton to Toowong throughout the site, with the greatest concentration to be found in Portion 6.
From 1920 until 1930, Canon David Garland (often considered the "architect of the Anzac Day") conducted Brisbane's main Anzac Day ceremonies in Toowong Cemetery. In 1924, through his fund-raising efforts, a Stone of Remembrance and Cross of Sacrifice were placed in the cemetery. On Remembrance Day 1930, ANZAC Square in the Brisbane CBD was officially opened and the Anzac Day services at Toowong Cemetery were transferred to ANZAC Square. Garland died on 9 October 1939 and was buried on 10 October 1939 in Toowong Cemetery.
Tenders for a sanitary block were called by Trustee and architect, Edward Myer Myers in November 1923. The successful tenderer was Marberete Co and the construction was completed prior to Anzac Day 1924 when the Stone of Remembrance and Cross of Sacrifice were unveiled. A report of the ceremony in the Sydney Mail incorrectly refers to the building as a mortuary chapel and flags of the Union Jack were hung over the entries to the men's and ladies' toilets to disguise the signage.
On 1 August 1930, Toowong Cemetery and all others with the Brisbane City Council municipality were placed under the management and control of the council. The following year, the area of the Toowong Cemetery bounded by Mt Coot-tha Road and Miskin and Dean Streets was used by the Australian Military Forces for training and later was transferred to the Brisbane City Council and was developed as a Bus Depot. A substation was erected in the south-east corner of this site in 1935.
Flowers were cultivated and sold at the Cemetery from Portion 10 until the 1930s. In 1934 the area set apart for soldier's graves within Portion 10 was extended and incorporated the flower gardens and the octagonal pavilion was probably demolished at this time. Other shelter sheds were erected and six, including two with toilets, are dotted over the site. In 1936 the last available block, Portion 30, was laid out for burial purposes. To allow for more burials, the plot sizes were reduced from to .
By April 1975, all burial plots in the Cemetery had been sold and the Cemetery was closed with the exception of burials in family graves. That same year, hundreds of worn, forgotten headstones in three major city cemeteries were removed by Brisbane City Council workmen employed under the Regional Employment Development Scheme. Old neglected monuments were removed from Toowong, Lutwyche and South Brisbane cemeteries and trees and shrubs planted. The long-term aim of the scheme was to return the cemeteries to open space with a parkland atmosphere. It is thought approximately 1,000 memorials were removed from Toowong.
In the early 1980s, footpath clearances were substantially reduced along the Frederick Street and Mt Coot-tha Road boundaries and the tram shelter and tram lines were removed as part of the Route 20 overpass and roundabout development. As a result of this work, direct access through the main gates of the Cemetery from all directions but the west has been disconnected.
The Sexton's office, built around the turn of the century on Portion 10 above the floor of the flower shed, fell into disuse once the new Sexton's office was built in 1989. Restoration work to repair and reconstruct the former Sexton's office and its conversion to a museum was initiated by the Brisbane City Council Heritage Advisory Committee and the work carried out by the Heritage Unit in 1991. Another initiative by the Brisbane City Council Heritage Unit, also undertaken in 1991, was the establishment of the Toowong Cemetery Heritage Trail together with the Adopt-a-Pioneer program for plots in need of maintenance and to raise public awareness of the invaluable resource that the cemetery provides.
In 1992, steel boom gates were erected at the Richter Street and Frederick Street entrances of the Cemetery to deter vandalism, theft and drag racing. The same year, a group of volunteers formed The Friends of Toowong Cemetery and their activities include tending to neglected gravesites and organising tours of the Cemetery for interested parties. They have also produced several booklets including the Colonel Samuel Wensley Blackall: 1809–1871 and Extraordinary Lives of Ordinary People.
The Cemetery was reopened in 1998 with approximately 450 plots available for sale.
In 2010, plans to connect the Western Freeway to the Inner City Bypass through a tunnel (now known as Legacy Way) passing under the Toowong Cemetery raised concerns about vibrations from the tunnel boring causing damage to the memorials in the cemetery, some of which were only several metres above the proposed tunnel. In 2012 conservation work was undertaken on 44 memorials believed to be at risk from the tunnel boring vibration, including laying new foundations, bracing the inside of graves, and cementing headstones and cornerstones in place.
In 2011, to mark the 140th anniversary of the cemetery, a re-enactment of Samuel Wensley Blackall burial was held
In 2013, the Canon Garland Memorial Society was established at the Holy Trinity Anglican Church at Woolloongabba, Brisbane. The society aims to honour David Garland's role during the Australian centenary commemorations of World War I. Through their efforts, in November 2015, the Brisbane City Council officially opened a lawn garden called Canon Garland Place at Toowong Cemetery with a commemorative information board. Canon Garland Place is located where Garland held his Anzac Day services in the cemetery and behind The Cross of Sacrifice and Stone of Remembrance that were funded through Garland's fundraising activities.
Description.
The Brisbane General Cemetery at Toowong is located approximately 4½ kilometres west of the city on 43.73 hectares (108 acres 1.6 perches) bounded on all sides by public roads. The undulating and rugged terrain of the Cemetery falls steeply away from its northern boundary, Birdwood Terrace, which traces the ridge from the north-east corner of the site to Richer Street which forms the western boundary of the Cemetery proper. Mt Coot-tha Road forms the southern boundary and Frederick Street, provides the north–south line of the eastern boundary.
The shoulder to Mt Coot-tha Road, west of Richer Street, comprises an area of 1.116 hectares of Cemetery land that is utilised as supplementary car parking for the Mount Coot-tha Botanic Gardens. The Brisbane City Council Bus Depot, Anzac Park, the Botanical Gardens and the northern end of the western freeway now occupy land that was originally part of the 250-acre 1 rood Cemetery Reserve.
The main entrance to the Toowong Cemetery is at the south-east corner of the site on the corner of Milton Road and Frederick Street through a semi-circular gateway comprising stone gate posts and a cast iron fence on a brick masonry base with stone coping constructed . The gate posts are a simplified version of those to the design by Colonial Architect, FDG Stanley erected in 1873–74. The fence extends past Valentine Street on the Frederick Street boundary but is not continuous – a length of fence has been removed. To the west the fence extends more than a hundred metres and includes a narrow gate opening. The remainder of the site is unfenced but the hilly terrain to the northern, western and southern boundaries and the line of eucalypt trees along the Frederick Street prevent vehicles entering the site apart from two other entrances on Richter Street and Frederick Street, which are fitted with modern boom gates. The cemetery is open from 6am to 6pm (the main entrance gates and boomgates are locked outside these hours). However, pedestrian access is still possible at other points on the boundaries.
The modern development of two roundabouts and an overpass built in connection with the Western Freeway have made it difficult to enter the cemetery through its main entrance gates on the corner of Milton Road and Frederick Street, except for a slip road approach from the west. It also affects views of the cemetery through the gates.
The large site is elevated and has views to the Brisbane CBD and surrounding suburbs. It is divided by a series of bitumen-lined serpentine roads between which portions of land for burial purposes have been overlaid with regularly shaped sections at varying orientations. A creek runs diagonally through the site from the north-west to the south east between two ridges. Through Portion 10, the creek is formed by an open concrete lined drain passing under the road to Portion 6 from where it exits the site under Mt Coot-tha Road.
Throughout the cemetery, the topography provides the social division of the cemetery with private graves occupying the highest ground in each portion, public graves along the lower sections and paupers and criminals occupying the low-lying, water logged ground along the creek. The contrast is stark between elaborate monuments built by the elite on the highest ground in an attempt to cheat death through immortality, when compared to the unmarked graves of anonymous paupers on low lying water logged ground. With two exceptions, the Presbyterians in Portion 24 and the Primitive Methodists mostly in Portion 6, the creek serves to separate the general ground to the south from the ground occupied by religious denominations to the north.
Portion 1 contains the Church of England graves with still born babies occupying the northern area of this Portion. Portion 2 which was originally allocated to the Wesleyan Methodists (2A) also contains the graves of more than 10,000 still born babies and other hospital burials. Portion 3 contains the Jewish Section, Portion 4 appears to be a general area and contains the Temple of Peace and the Caskey Memorial. Portion 5 contains public ground. Portion 6 contains Primitive Methodists and also a substantial number of the reinterments from the old Milton/Paddington Cemetery. Portion 7 contains Irish Catholics and 7A, the Roman Catholics. The small subdivision of 7A to the west of Portion 7 contains the early Roman Catholic graves. Portion 8 once contained Chinese graves (relocated to portion 2 and then portion 7 before being re-interred to portion 19). Most of the early Chinese graves were exhumed and removed to China. Portion 8 and 18 contain general ground with Greek and Russian Orthodox at the western ends of both.
Portions 9, 11, 12, 13 and 14 surround the Blackall Monument located on the highest knoll in the Cemetery. The upper reaches of these portions contain Queensland's most prominent political, legal, arts, religious and business figures. Portions 15 and 15 A contain public Catholic graves. Part of 15 was originally allocated to the burial of criminals and was later resold as Catholic ground. The pauper grounds were located in the low-lying area in Portion 16. The top dressing in this area has been stripped and the area is presently used for the dumping of tree trimmings and other rubbish.
Portion 10 contains the administrative buildings for the site – the Sexton's office, the Museum (former Sexton's office) and storage shed spanning the open drain, the Amenities block with a storage and workshop adjacent. The Stone of Remembrance and Cross of Sacrifice occupy the southern end of this Portion and are prominently centred on an axis from the main entry gates. Portions 20, 21, 22, 23, 29 and 29A in the northern corner of the Cemetery were laid out after the turn of the 20th century. Part of Portions 21 and 22 contain hospital and Department of Native Affairs graves. Portion 22 contains Italian graves and also the grave of former Prime Minister Frank Forde.
Portions 25, 26 and 27 laid out in the western corner of the site contain Catholic graves and occupy the land purchased in 1916 from Ned Alexander (Portion 872). Portion 30 was the last ground to be laid out in 1930 and contains, amongst others, graves for Dunwich and Goodna Asylum patients in its south-eastern corner. An avenue of oleanders marks the boundary between portions 29 and 30.
A survey of the layout of graves, reveal differences between many of the portions with some aligned to magnetic north, some to true north and others at varying degrees from North. The sections in the Church of England section are laid out at 45 degrees east of true north. (In August 1875, the Church of England requested that graves be laid east–west).
Framing the entrance to the Cemetery, are an imposing grouping of mature trees including Weeping Banyan (Ficus benjamina), Camphor Laurels (Cinnamomum camphora) and Bangalow Palm trees (Archontophoenix cunninghamia). Bamboo was originally planted to frame the entrance. A line of mature Cypress Pine (Callitris cupressiformis) behind the Cross of Sacrifice and Shrine of Remembrance serve to obscure the view to the Amenities Building. Hedges providing a screen to obscure views of the turn of the century Sexton's office have been removed. Substantial fig trees mark many of the roadway intersections over the site and an irregular arrangement of Cypress Pines, Bunya Pines, (Araucaria bidwillii), Camphor Laurels, Jacaranda (Jacaranda mimosifolia) as well as Eucalypts and several other plant species over the entire site provide a natural appearance.
There are several small avenues of trees throughout the Cemetery including one of mature Camphor Laurels between portions 6 and 9 and another of an unidentified species along the approach to the Blackall Monument which provides an intimate canopy that belies and enhances the impact of the memorial and its end. A large banyan fig tree and a maple tree form the backdrop to the monument at the top of the hill.
There are approximately 117,000 people buried at Toowong and the variation of headstones and memorials is vast. The imposing Blackall Memorial forms the most dominant feature in the southern part of the cemetery, and long views of memorial are afforded for some distance along Western Freeway well before the approach to the cemetery is reached. Less prominent, but equally impressive is the craftsmanship attached to many of the individual graves. Sculpture, tiling, edging, cast ironwork, plantings and the like all contribute to the character of the site as a whole.
With the exception of the shelter sheds in various locations within the grounds, the structures associated with the administration and maintenance of the Cemetery grounds are confined to Portion 10. The Museum building, located over the open drain, was formerly the Sexton's office and was built at the turn of the century. It is a single-storey single-skin timber-framed building with terracotta tile roof. The two room structure is located above the floor of an earlier structure identified as the flower shed which was associated with the cultivation and selling of flowers from Portion 10. The internal partition wall was reconstructed, windows replaced and an adjoining store room was demolished as part of the museum conversion project carried out by the Brisbane City Council Heritage Unit in 1991. Adjacent to the former Sexton's office, also straddling the open drain is a storage shed of substantial construction. It has a concrete floor, in situ concrete walls with large, roughly sawn hardwood roof framing and lining.
The 1924 Sanitary Block or Amenities Building is a substantially intact, single storey masonry building with terracotta tile roof. The building has a symmetrical layout and is accessible from the east or west. The four corners of the building contain rest areas with battened openings and bench seating and provide access to the lavatories and retiring rooms, the men's on the south of the building and the women's on the north. Entry to the central dining room is via an ancillary space on the east containing showers (a later addition or modification?) and on the west containing a kitchen. The masonry internal walls are glazed face bricks in the ancillary spaces with painted brickwork the main central space. Tiles line the masonry walls to the lavatories, retiring rooms and associated corridors.
Other buildings on Portion 10 include the new Sexton's office, a single storey cavity brick building with terracotta tile roof erected in 1989 and a single storey masonry storage and work shed with metal roof of recent construction. This shed is located adjacent to the southern end of the amenities building.
Heritage listing.
Toowong Cemetery was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 31 December 2002 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
The Brisbane General Cemetery at Toowong, established in 1866 and formally opened in 1875, is Queensland's largest cemetery. It is important in demonstrating the evolution of Queensland history, as it provides evidence, through the division of its portions and the headstones and memorials they contain, of the history and the demography of Brisbane and the diversity of its cultural, religious and ethnic groups and districts. The layout of burial sites at the Cemetery is indicative of 19th century social and religious stratification and the progressive layering, development and diversity of styles of memorialisation contained within the Cemetery document changing attitudes to death and fashions in funerary ornamentation since the 1870s.
The place demonstrates rare, uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland's cultural heritage.
The Toowong Cemetery is a rare example of the Victorian concept of a mortuary park and the collection of memorials and gravestones record unique documentary information that is of interest to art, military, local history, architectural and sculptural historians, students of typography and demography, genealogists and relatives of the deceased.
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of Queensland's history.
Within its layout and location of structures including the former Sexton's office and storage shed constructed over the drain, the Toowong Cemetery has the potential to reveal further information about 19th and 20th century burial practices generally and specific cemetery systems.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
At the base of Mt Coot-tha, with the Botanical Gardens and Anzac Park opposite, and with the Brisbane Forest Park as its backdrop, the Toowong Cemetery's picturesque setting maintains the visual allusion of the Victorian concept of a mortuary park on the outskirts of the city. Its elevated location to minimise health risks and its inclusion of all denominations typify the characteristics of late nineteenth century cemeteries.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
Together with its man-made aesthetic attributes, such as fences, gates, pavilions, memorials and landscaping, an atmosphere conducive to repose and reflection that was an essential part of the ritual of honouring and remembering the dead was created and continues to be valued by the community.
The place is important in demonstrating a high degree of creative or technical achievement at a particular period.
Many of the monuments display a high level of creative endeavour and are important for their excellence of design and craftsmanship, outstanding material splendour and dramatic physical impact. The Temple of Peace, Trooper Cobb's Grave and the Caskey Memorial have been previously listed individually for their significance on the Queensland and National heritage registers. The memorial to Governor Blackall Memorial is an imposing, tall, slender column of stone and has value as a landmark, dominating the southern section of the cemetery and the approach to Toowong along the western freeway. As a group, all the memorials both modest and grand, are enhanced by their collective location, range of types and infinite variations.
The place has a strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
As Brisbane's foremost public cemetery, the Toowong Cemetery was the focus of public ritual and sentiment and its association with the Brisbane and wider community continues. It is the burial place of individuals from all walks of life. The place has a special association with persons of importance in local, regional and Queensland history. Some noteworthy individuals buried at Toowong include but are not limited to a Prime Minister, two Queensland Governors, 13 Queensland Premiers, 11 Queensland Labor leaders, at least 15 Brisbane Mayors and many other prominent political, religious, sports, arts and business figures.
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person, group or organisation of importance in Queensland's history.
The place has a strong association with Governor Samuel Wensley Blackall and the prominence of the site selected for his huge monument indicates the prestige allotted to him and remains as a legacy of his influence and popularity. The Cemetery also has a special association with the life and work of its Trustees – those responsible for its development and maintenance, most of whom are interred within the grounds. As a foundation Trustee, architect James Cowlishaw's (1834–1929) association spanned 59 years. John Petrie (1822–1892), builder, monumental mason and Brisbane's first Lord Mayor was also a foundation Trustee and his monumental masonry business located opposite the main entry to the cemetery for 100 years produced a large proportion of the memorials and headstones in the cemetery. Architect Edward Myer Myers (1864–1926) was a Trustee from 1920 until his death and was responsible for the design of the Amenities Building. The monuments and gravestones provide evidence of the practice of monumental masonry and art metalwork in Queensland and of the work of notable architects, sculptors, artists and other craftsmen.
Other heritage listings.
In addition to being heritage-listed itself, the cemetery contains a number of heritage-listed monuments:
Notable people interred.
A list of people buried in Toowong Cemetery can be found in and in the list below:
War Graves.
The cemetery contains the war graves of 270 Commonwealth service personnel of World War I and 117 from World War II, besides 2 sailors of the Dutch Navy from the latter war. Most of the graves are in the Returned Services Plot in Portion 10.

</doc>
<doc id="7022409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022409" title="Famalicao">
Famalicao



</doc>
<doc id="7022418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022418" title="Cy Buker">
Cy Buker

Cyril Owen Buker (February 5, 1918 – October 11, 2011) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1945. The 26-year-old rookie right-hander stood and weighed .
Buker is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut in relief on May 17, 1945, against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Ebbets Field. His first major league win came in his first start, on June 21, 1945, as the Dodgers defeated the Philadelphia Phillies 9–2 at Shibe Park. Andy Karl was the losing pitcher.
His season and career totals for 42 games include a 7–2 record, four games started, 22 games finished, five saves, and an ERA of 3.30 in 87 innings pitched. Besides pitching well, Buker could swing the bat. He was 3-for-16 (.188) with a walk and two runs batted in.
Following his Brooklyn days, Buker eventually returned to his hometown of Greenwood, Wisconsin where he began a successful coaching career, eventually being named to the Wisconsin Football and Basketball Coaches Association Hall of Fame. His son, Tom, would later coach at the school, leading it to class C titles in boys' basketball and baseball in 1988.
Buker died on October 11, 2011, in Greenwood, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="7022422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022422" title="Komitadji">
Komitadji

Komitadji, Comitadji, or Komita (plural: Komitadjis, Comitadjis, or Komitas) (Bulgarian, Macedonian and , , , , , , ) was a collective name for members of various rebel bands (chetas) operating in the Balkans during the final period of the Ottoman Empire. The name itself originates from Turkish and translates as "committee members". Komitadjis fought against the Turkish authorities and were supported by the governments of the neighbouring states, especially Bulgaria.
Komitadji was used to describe the members of the Bulgarian Revolutionary Central Committee during the April Uprising of 1876, and Bulgarian bands during the following Russo-Turkish War. The term is often employed to refer later to groups of rebels associated with the Bulgarian Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Committees and the Supreme Macedonian-Adrianople Committee called by the Turks simply the "Bulgarian Committees".
In interwar Greece and Yugoslavia, the term was used to refer to bands organized by the pro-Bulgarian Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation and Internal Thracian Revolutionary Organisation, which operated in Vardar and Aegean Macedonia and Western Thrace. In interwar Romania, the term was used to refer to bands organized by the pro-Bulgarian Internal Dobrujan Revolutionary Organisation, which attacked the Romanian outposts and the Aromanian colonists in Southern Dobruja. During the Second World War this name was used to designate the members of the pro-Bulgarian Ohrana active in Northern Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="7022424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022424" title="Qptv">
Qptv



</doc>
<doc id="7022431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022431" title="Alfandega da Fe">
Alfandega da Fe



</doc>
<doc id="7022445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022445" title="Carrazeda de Ansiaes">
Carrazeda de Ansiaes



</doc>
<doc id="7022447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022447" title="Sardar Ali Takkar">
Sardar Ali Takkar

Sardar Ali Takkar (, born 15 July 1956) in Takkar village (Takht Bai) Mardan is a Pakistani Pashto singer. He primarily sings the poetry of renowned Pashto poet Ghani Khan. Takkar is a graduate of the University of Engineering and Technology in Peshawar, Pakistan. In recognition of his services to the field of music, the President of Pakistan bestowed him the Pride of Performance Award. On 23 March 2019, Takkar became a recipient of Tamgha-e-Imtiaz award for the recognition of his "services rendered for Pashto music". It was presented by the President of Pakistan.
Education.
He was born in 1956 at Takkar village (Takht Bhai) in Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. He passed his matric examination from a school in his village. He did his intermediate from Government College Mardan. He completed his graduation in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Engineering and Technology, Peshawar. Aside from this he has also attended special courses in U.K and Canada.
Early singing career.
His university life provided him more chances to exhibit his hidden talent. Initially he presented his skills before his friends, in different musical programmes in the University. But in 1982 when Yar Muhammad Maghmum, a professor at the historic Edwardes College Peshawar, wanted to celebrate an evening with the legendary philosopher and poet Ghani Khan, but was unable to find a singer who was ready to meet the challenge of putting Ghani's poetry to music. One of his student, Quaid Muhammad Khan (Manki Sharif) was able to inform Takkar of this situation. When Takkar became aware of this, he agreed to sing in that programme. Some people also recorded this programme on audio cassette, which got so much prominence that music stores started selling it on a regular basis. In this way, his debut album (solely based on Ghani khan's poetry) touched the market incidentally. In 2014 he performed at Nobel peace prize ceremony in Oslo, when Malala Yousafzai was getting Nobel Peace Prize Award. His song was based on the promotion of girls education. Since 2010 he is working in Voice of America as an international broadcaster.
Pakistan Television.
It was in those days when a program for youths named "Zalmey Kool" (Young Generation) used to broadcast from the Radio Pakistan. Takkar for the first time not only played different instruments but also sang two ghazals in that program. After that, he also had the opportunity to record a program at the Peshawar Center of Pakistan Television Vision (PTV).
Soviet War in Afghanistan.
In 1984, Takkar left for Afghanistan. His stay in Afghanistan helped him become able to sing other varieties of pashto music and his singing from Afghanistan also brought him prominence back at home. In recognition of his unforgettable services to Pashto music, the government of Pakistan awarded him with the "Presidential Award for Pride of Performance". He is also a recipient of numerous awards and certificates from a number of cultural organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="7022455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022455" title="Freixo de Espada a Cinta">
Freixo de Espada a Cinta



</doc>
<doc id="7022460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022460" title="Rawmarsh Community School">
Rawmarsh Community School

Rawmarsh Community School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status located in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England.
Ofsted inspections.
Since the commencement of Ofsted inspections in September 1993, the school has undergone many inspections.
Ofsted reports rated Rawmarsh Community School as Grade 4 (Inadequate) for overall effectiveness in 2007, Grade 3 (Satisfactory) in 2008 and 2011, and Grade 4 in 2013. The school was placed in Special measures in 2013. Based on the 2017 inspection, Ofsted now rates Rawmarsh Community School as a Grade 2 (Good) School.
Media.
In September 2006 Jamie Oliver and Rawmarsh Community School were the subject of newspaper reports after a group of parents objected to Oliver's "healthy school dinners" scheme, in which pupils on site were fed 'healthy options' during school lunchtime pupil lock-ins. Some parents took orders over the school fence for nearby sandwich and fast-food outlets. The food was then delivered over the fence to waiting pupils.

</doc>
<doc id="7022473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022473" title="Spinning count">
Spinning count

Spinning count is a measure of fibre fineness and distribution developed in England. It is defined as the number of hanks of yarn that can be spun from a pound of wool. A hank of wool is 560 yards long (560 yd/lb = 1.129 km/kg). In theory a pound of 62s wool could produce 34720 yards of yarn.
As it is now a relatively simple matter to measure the average fibre diameter and distribution, spinning count is being replaced with the specification of average fibre diameter in micrometers and fiber distribution in standard deviations.

</doc>
<doc id="7022474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022474" title="Fundao">
Fundao



</doc>
<doc id="7022484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022484" title="Comitadji">
Comitadji



</doc>
<doc id="7022498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022498" title="Komitaji">
Komitaji



</doc>
<doc id="7022503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022503" title="Phentropil">
Phentropil



</doc>
<doc id="7022507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022507" title="Bodens fästning">
Bodens fästning



</doc>
<doc id="7022511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022511" title="Bodens Fästning">
Bodens Fästning



</doc>
<doc id="7022520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022520" title="Natural Scientists">
Natural Scientists



</doc>
<doc id="7022530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022530" title="Proenca-a-Nova">
Proenca-a-Nova



</doc>
<doc id="7022533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022533" title="Would You Love a Monsterman?">
Would You Love a Monsterman?

"Would You Love a Monsterman?" is a song by the Finnish rock band Lordi from their album "Get Heavy". It was also released as a single. The song reached number one on the Finnish charts in 2002.
"Would You Love a Monsterman?" was originally written as "I Would Do It All For You" when Mr Lordi wrote and recorded it for the first demo album in 1993.
In 2006, the song was re-recorded with keyboardist Awa and bassist OX. This version was released as a limited-print promotional single, as well as a bonus track on the special edition of the 2006 album "The Arockalypse".
Music video.
There are two music videos for the song. The first one involves a young girl playing with a very dirty doll in a strange woodland. After several seconds the band appears and starts to play the song. As the lead vocalist Mr Lordi sings, it seems that he is trying to convince her to join him and his band. She eventually approaches him and gives him her doll and he sets it alight, showing her the truth of his monstrous nature.
Towards the end of the song, she seems to consent to joining them and grins manically.
In the 2006 version, the band are cadavers which appear in a morgue. While listening to the radio (in which the DJ announces the song about to be played), an assisting woman notices one of the band members and they make their appearance, killing the two men trying to investigate the bodies. The band then approaches her and the rest of the video goes very much the same way as the first (minus, of course, the woodland and the doll).
Track listings.
Finnish version:
German version:
2006 version:

</doc>
<doc id="7022543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022543" title="Bray–Liebhafsky reaction">
Bray–Liebhafsky reaction

The Bray–Liebhafsky reaction is a chemical clock first described by William C. Bray in 1921 and the first oscillating reaction in a stirred homogeneous solution. He investigated the role of the iodate (), the anion of iodic acid, in the catalytic conversion of hydrogen peroxide to oxygen and water by the iodate. He observed that the concentration of iodine molecules oscillated periodically and that hydrogen peroxide was consumed during the reaction.
An increase in temperature reduces the cycle in the range of hours. This oscillating reaction consisting of free radical on non-radical steps was investigated further by his student Herman A. Liebhafsky, hence the name Bray–Liebhafsky reaction. During this period, most chemists rejected the phenomenon and tried to explain the oscillation by invoking heterogeneous impurities.
A fundamental property of this system is that hydrogen peroxide has a redox potential which enables the simultaneous oxidation of iodine to iodate:
and the reduction of iodate back to iodine:
Between these two reactions the system oscillates causing a concentration jump of the iodate and iodine and thus differing oxygen production. The net reaction is:
necessitating a catalyst and .

</doc>
<doc id="7022544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022544" title="Vila Velha de Rodao">
Vila Velha de Rodao



</doc>
<doc id="7022547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022547" title="Toyota Picnic">
Toyota Picnic



</doc>
<doc id="7022554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022554" title="E^ix">
E^ix



</doc>
<doc id="7022555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022555" title="Demarcate">
Demarcate



</doc>
<doc id="7022557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022557" title="Matt's Law">
Matt's Law

Matt's Law is a California law that allows for felony prosecutions when serious injuries or deaths result from hazing rituals. The bill amended the California Education Code and California Penal Code to change charges for some hazing rituals from misdemeanors to felonies, and for the first time gave prosecutors the ability to seek hazing charges against nonstudents.
The long title of the act was "An act to amend Section 48900 of, and to repeal Sections 32050 and 32051 of the Education Code, and to add Section 245.6 to the Penal Code, relating to hazing".
It was introduced into the California State Senate by Tom Torlakson, a Democrat from Antioch, as Senate Bill 1454. SB 1454 passed the state Senate 34–2 on May 30, 2006. It passed the California State Assembly with amendments on August 24, 2006, and the Senate concurred with the bill as amended on August 30, 2006. It was signed into law by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger on September 29, 2006.
Matt's Law was named in memory of Matt Carrington, a 21-year-old California State University, Chico student from Pleasant Hill, California. Carrington died in the basement of a fraternity house located two blocks from campus.
Prior to the enactment of Matt's Law, hazing (even in the case of death) was a misdemeanor as part of California's education code, rather than punishable under the state's penal code. Matt's Law prevents unaffiliated fraternities from using the argument that they cannot be punished for hazing, simply because they are not student organizations. The law also gives prosecutors clear authority to bring charges against anyone or any organization involved in hazing, not just currently enrolled students.
Carrington's case.
On February 2, 2005, Carrington died as a direct result of a hazing ritual performed at Chico State University in Chico, California. In the basement of the fraternity house of local fraternity Chi Tau, Carrington was forced to drink water and perform calisthenics with fans blowing on him. This water intoxication ritual, which reportedly dated back over 20 years at the local chapter, caused swelling of his brain, seizures, and heart failure. Court testimony reported that members of the fraternity delayed calling for emergency help for over an hour.
Four students pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter. Media from all over the United States came to the Butte County courtroom to hear the sentencing, including reporters and camera crews from "Dateline NBC" and "Inside Edition".
James DeVilla Abrille, 22, pleaded guilty to misdemeanor hazing, Jerry Ming Lim, 25, and John Paul Fickes, 20, both pleaded guilty to being accessories to involuntary manslaughter, and Gabriel John Maestretti, 22, pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter. These were the first felony charges brought for hazing in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="7022563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022563" title="Sweeping">
Sweeping



</doc>
<doc id="7022583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022583" title="Lousa">
Lousa

Lousa or Lousã may refer to the following places in Portugal:

</doc>
<doc id="7022589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022589" title="Nobres">
Nobres

Nobres is a city in the state of Mato Grosso, Brazil. It is located approximately 140 kilometers from Cuiabá on the south slopes of the Serra Azul.
Tourists are encouraged to visit the region for its beautiful waterways and limestone caves. 
The municipality contains the Gruta da Lagoa Azul State Park (Cave of the Blue Lagoon State Park), created in 1999. The rock deposits in the area have also been used to study post-glacial carbonates. The municipality contains most of the Águas do Cuiabá Ecological Station, a fully protected conservation unit in the cerrado biome. 
In 2016, its population was estimated at 14.938 people. The two major religious faiths are Roman Catholic and Protestant.

</doc>
<doc id="7022594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022594" title="Namik Kemal Yolga">
Namik Kemal Yolga



</doc>
<doc id="7022598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022598" title="Sky Classic">
Sky Classic

Sky Classic (March 17, 1987 – April 30, 2015) was a Canadian Thoroughbred Hall of Fame racehorse. A son of U.K. Triple Crown champion Nijinsky, in 1989 Sky Classic won the Sovereign Award for Champion 2-Year-Old Male Horse in Canada but injuries kept him out for most of the 1990 racing season.
Back racing on grass in 1991, Sky Classic won six of his nine starts including the prestigious Rothmans International in course record time. The following year with Pat Day riding, he set a new race record in the Arlington Handicap, defeated Fraise in the Turf Classic Invitational at Belmont Park, but lost his two biggest races that year, a second in the Arlington Million to Dear Doctor, and another second by a nose to Fraise in the Breeders' Cup Turf. However, his five other wins that year earned him the 1992 United States Eclipse Award for Outstanding Male Turf Horse.
Retired in 1993, Sky Classic stood stud at Pin Oak Stud, LLC in Versailles, Kentucky. He has sired more than 50 Graded stakes race winners including:
Sky Classic was inducted in the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame in 1998. He died in his paddock an Pin Oak on 30 April 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="7022602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022602" title="George Lee">
George Lee

George Lee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7022606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022606" title="Chinguetti meteorite">
Chinguetti meteorite

The Chinguetti meteorite is a find reputed to come from a large unconfirmed 'iron mountain' in Africa.
The existence of a huge stony-iron mesosiderite approximately 45 kilometers from the Saharan city Chinguetti, Mauritania, has been a mystery since 1916, when Captain Gaston Ripert, a French consular official, claimed to have discovered 'a huge iron hill high and long.' 
Ripert said that he had been guided blindfolded by a local chieftain to a natural source of iron, after a 12-hour-long camel ride to the south-east of Chinguetti. 
He bagged a 4-kilogram fragment of the rock, which found its way to Paris some years later, where geologist Alfred Lacroix pronounced that it was an important discovery. However, despite the attempts of several expeditions since, the supposed meteorite could not be found again.
Ripert wrote to Professor Théodore Monod in 1934: 'I know that the general opinion is that the stone does not exist; that to some, I am purely and simply an impostor who picked up a metallic specimen. That to others, I am a simpleton who mistook a sandstone outcrop for an enormous meteorite. I shall do nothing to disabuse them, I know only what I saw.' 
Despite various searches over the years, Monod concluded in 1989 that Ripert had been mistaken: 'An error was made in the identification of the rock of a 40-metre hill that is entirely sedimentary with no trace of metal,' he wrote. 
In 1980, former French air force officer Jacques Gallouédec was carrying out aerial surveys for the Mauritanian water authority, when he spotted a strange semi-circular ground formation to the south-east of Chinguetti. He sent details to Théodore Monod, but the professor was unable to locate it. 
Finally, the Chinguetti fragment that was sent to Paris was analyzed again, and it was concluded that it could not have been from a meteorite larger than in radius. 

</doc>
<doc id="7022609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022609" title="KDFD">
KDFD

KDFD (760 AM) is a commercial radio station licensed to Thornton, Colorado, and serving the Denver-Boulder metropolitan area. Owned by iHeartMedia, it broadcasts a conservative talk radio format. Its studios and offices are in Southeast Denver, while the transmitter site is off Colorado Boulevard (County Road 13) in Brighton. Weekdays begin with "This Morning, America's First News with Gordon Deal" followed by Glenn Beck, Clay Travis &amp; Buck Sexton, Sean Hannity, Jesse Kelly, Dave Ramsey and "Coast to Coast AM with George Noory." Most hours begin with Fox News Radio.
By day, KDFD transmits 50,000 watts, the maximum power permitted by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), but the nighttime power is reduced to 1,000 watts and KDFD uses a directional antenna to protect the dominant Class A station on 760 AM, WJR in Detroit. Clear-channel stations are protected within a 750–mile radius of the transmitter site. The station is also simulcast on FM translator K229BS at 93.7 MHz in Lakewood, from which the station derives its current branding.
History.
Early history.
The station went on the air as KJIM on June 15, 1987. It had a power of 5,000 watts during daytime hours and reduced power of 1,000 watts at night. On January 2, 1990, the station changed its call sign to KRZN, and on December 13, 1993, to KTLK. On January 7, 2002, the station's call sign was changed to KKZN.
The station initially began broadcasting with a Christian talk and teaching format. It was owned by Sudbrink Broadcasting. The station also played Contemporary Christian Music with a Top 40/AOR style. Though the studio was new and built to host talk shows, very little took place there. In November 1987, Jann Scott of Boulder started broadcasting Addiction Free Radio on weekends. In the Spring of 1988, Scott became English talk program director. Scott launched Jann Scott Live, Race Day Radio Magazine and gave people such as Claudia Lamb and Bill Hammel their start in radio. The station programmed Mexican music in the Mornings and evenings up until 1990. Jann Scott is one of the few hosts on the station to win 2 Westword's Best Talk show Host awards: 1988 for Addiction Free Radio and 1989 for Race Day Radio Magazine. He also won Rocky Mountain News Top 10 Ten Colorado Broadcaster award. In 1990 KJIM and KRZN swapped frequencies with KRZN taking its Olides format and calls to AM 760. After a time, KRZN flipped to Adult Standards. In 1993, Jacor Communications (then owners of KOA and KRFX) acquired KRZN and changed its call letters to KTLK (which was previously used on AM 1280 in Denver, broadcasting a Top 40 format during the 1970's) and flipping to a Talk Radio format with long time Denver radio talker Peter Boyles handing morning drive (Boyles previous did an evening shift on KHOW in the early 1980's). Boyles would stay on KTLK until Jacor acquired crosstown KHOW and Boyles having his talk show moved to that respected frequency. Boyles would remain on KHOW until his departure from the station in 2013.
In 2002, the station switched to all-sports as "760 The Zone," from which the KKZN call sign is derived. After that, the station switched to progressive talk as the Denver affiliate of the Air America radio network in August 2004.
Colorado's Progressive Talk.
During its previous progressive talk format, the most popular local talk host on KKZN was David Sirota, also a newspaper columnist. In March 2009, Sirota took over the morning time slot of "The Jay Marvin Show," hosted by local talk show host Jay Marvin, when Marvin was forced off the air due to ill health. Sirota moved to Clear Channel Communications sister station KHOW in 2012, co-hosting an afternoon show with Michael Brown until Sirota's departure in January 2013.
Besides broadcasting progressive talk shows, KKZN also ran what it called a Blue List. This list included companies that supported progressive causes and interests. The station also sponsored progressive events throughout the Colorado Front Range, such as events for the ACLU and other progressive organizations.
On January 21, 2010, Air America filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy, and ceased live programming the same night. Reruns of Air America's programming continued to air until Monday January 25, 2010 at 7 pm Mountain Time.
Real Talk 760.
On May 7, 2014, "Denver Post" television critic Joan Ostrow reported that Gloria Neal, who anchors the 6 pm newscast on KCNC-TV along with hosting KKZN's morning show, had been released from her contract, and mentioned on Facebook that the entire staff had been let go, suggesting an oncoming format change.
On May 19, 2014, KKZN shifted their format to lifestyle/advice talk, branded as "Real Talk 760" with all syndicated personalities, including Dave Ramsey, Jim Bohannon, Clark Howard, Dr. Joy Browne, and Tom Martino, along with a late night radio replay of "TMZ Live". Weekends, besides Leo Laporte's "The Tech Guy", consisted of brokered programming.
Sports radio.
On December 10, 2015, KKZN changed its call letters to KDSP, and flipped to sports talk as "Denver Sports 760" on January 4, 2016, affiliating with Fox Sports Radio. (KEPN and KKFN were the Fox Sports outlets in Denver but they became the local ESPN Radio network affiliates on the same day.)
On July 27, 2017, KDSP rebranded as "Orange and Blue 760", narrowing its content to focus almost-exclusively on the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (whose games are carried by sister station KOA). It carried shows discussing the team, and live coverage of all team press conferences. Former Broncos player Tyler Polumbus also joined the station as a new morning co-host. In addition, KDSP also carried coverage of University of Colorado college basketball, and NBC Sports Radio programming.
Freedom 93.7.
On June 25, 2019, KDSP changed its call letters to KDFD. On July 8, 2019, KDFD began stunting with songs relating to patriotism or containing the word "Freedom", interspersed with sweepers stating that "Freedom" was "coming soon". It also began simulcasting on FM translator 93.7 K229BS in Lakewood, which was bought from KCKK owners Hunt Broadcasting for $1.8 million.
On July 15, 2019, KDFD launched a new conservative talk format branded as "Freedom 93.7". The station's lineup consists entirely of syndicated programs, primarily from co-owned Premiere Networks. Glenn Beck and Sean Hannity were moved from sister station KHOW, and Rush Limbaugh was moved from KOA. KHOW and KOA continued to air these three programs for a period until they were replaced by local programs. It was reported that iHeartMedia's hiring of former Broncos player and KKFN host Alfred Williams to host a new show on KOA (which officially premiered September 3) was a main impetus for the flip.

</doc>
<doc id="7022616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022616" title="José Falcão Freire">
José Falcão Freire



</doc>
<doc id="7022617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022617" title="Guy François (colonel)">
Guy François (colonel)

Guy André François was a colonel of the armed forces of Haiti. At the height of his military career François commanded the elite Dessalines Battalion.
François was accused twice of conspiring to overthrow the government of Haiti, in 1989 and in 2001. After the 1989 accusation, François fled to Venezuela, but would eventually be allowed to return to Haiti. He was arrested, convicted and spent two years in prison for his involvement in the 2001 coup attempt on the government of then president Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
On September 14, 2006 Guy François' body was discovered in his car in Pétion-Ville, the wealthy suburb of Port-au-Prince in which he lived.
François was married to Marie Alice and a daughter, Sabine Carre. Guy François' brother is Dr. M. Rony François, who is the health secretary for Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="7022623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022623" title="Nicolás Cotoner">
Nicolás Cotoner

Fra' Nicolás Cotoner y de Oleza (Catalan: "Nicolau Cotoner i d'Olesa"; 1608, Mallorca – 29 April 1680, Malta) was a knight of Crown of Aragon who served as the 61st Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta, between 1663 and 1680. He was the son of Marc Antoni Cotoner i de Santmartí and a younger brother of the previous Grandmaster, Rafael Cotoner.
In 1669, after the fall of Candia, Nicolas Cotoner improved the fortifications of Malta due to fears of an Ottoman attack. He funded the construction of the Cottonera Lines, which were named in his honour. The lines could accommodate up to 40,000 people in case of an invasion. Cotoner's reign also saw the construction of Fort Ricasoli and various modifications to the Floriana Lines.
A strategist and a diplomat, he greatly increased the prestige of the order, mainly in France, Venice and England. In 1674 funded in Malta a school of Anatomy and Medicine as an annex of the Sacra Infermeria. He drew up (in Italian) the constitutions and estatutes of the order (1674).
Nicolas Cotoner continued the work on the redecoration of St. John's Co-Cathedral commenced by his brother, Rafael, and much of the splendour of the Cathedral occurred during his reign including the decoration of the vault painted by the Calabrian artist Mattia Preti as well as much of the carving and gilding of most of the walls.
He died on 29 April 1680 and is buried in the Chapel of Aragon in the Co-Cathedral. He was succeeded by Fra Gregorio Carafa.
The sepulchral monument to Grand Master Nicolas Cotoner, located prominently to the right side of the main altar in the chapel of the langue of Aragon in St John's Co-Cathedral, was produced by Domenico Guidi and is one of the most prominent and beautiful monuments in the Cathedral. The remarkable Cotoner monument consists of a pyramidal distribution of figures with a central grouping of triumphal paraphernalia such as arms and trophies which surround the bronze gilded bust of the Grand Master. Above a cherub holds the Cotoner armorial shield whilst the allegory of Fame blows a trumpet in triumph. The sepulchral monument was assembled in the chapel in June 1686.

</doc>
<doc id="7022628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022628" title="Ty Nant">
Ty Nant



</doc>
<doc id="7022629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022629" title="Selahattin Ulkumen">
Selahattin Ulkumen



</doc>
<doc id="7022631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022631" title="Promises! Promises!">
Promises! Promises!

Promises! Promises! is a 1963 American sex comedy film directed by King Donovan and starring Tommy Noonan (who also served as cowriter and coproducer) and Jayne Mansfield. Released at the end of the Production Code era and before the MPAA film rating system became effective in 1968, it was the first Hollywood film of the sound era to feature nudity by a mainstream star (Mansfield).
The film was banned in Chicago, and several other major U.S. cities upon its release.
Plot.
Sandy Brooks is desperate to become pregnant, but her husband Jeff, a television script writer, is too stressed to make love to her. They take a pleasure cruise and meet Claire and King Banner. The couples set out on a drunken spree and change partners after returning to their rooms. Both women later discover that they are pregnant and must determine which man is the father of each baby.
Production.
Tommy Noonan had offered the role of Claire to Mamie Van Doren, but she declined and was replaced with Marie McDonald, in her final screen appearance. Ceil Chapman worked on McDonald's wardrobe for the film.
During production, producer/actor Tommy Noonan and Mansfield argued so much that Noonan recruited 20th Century Fox publicist Jet Fore to keep peace on the set.
Mansfield sings two songs in the film: "I'm in Love" (also known as the "Lullaby of Love") and "Promise Her Anything".
Mickey Hargitay, who plays King Banner, the man she swapped her husband for in the film, was actually Mansfield's real-life husband.
Nude scenes.
"Promises! Promises!" became the first Hollywood feature release of the sound era to feature nudity by a mainstream star (Jayne Mansfield). That distinction would have belonged to Marilyn Monroe, who shot a nude scene for director George Cukor's "Something's Got to Give" in 1962, but the film went unfinished after Monroe's death. The first film featuring a mainstream star fully nude was "A Daughter of the Gods" (1916) featuring Annette Kellerman, but enforcement of the Motion Picture Production Code brought an end to nudity in mainstream American films until 1968.
Mansfield appears undressed in three scenes in "Promises! Promises!". The scenes are repeated several times in the movie as dream sequences. In the first and longest (59 seconds) scene, Mansfield sings "I'm In Love" seminude in a foam-filled bathtub and then bends over with her back to the camera. She is also seen nude in brief glimpses as she dries herself with a towel and writhes on a bed. Mansfield reportedly drank champagne to relax before appearing nude in front of the camera.
Though the film actually shows Mansfield only topless, a photo in Kenneth Anger's book "Hollywood Babylon" shows her on the set completely nude.
During the 1960s, some 8-mm film mail-order companies sold the nude footage. After Mansfield's death, the documentary "The Wild, Wild World of Jayne Mansfield" (1968) included nude scenes from the film and pages from the "Playboy" pictorial, along with scenes from her other films including "Too Hot to Handle" (1960), "The Loves of Hercules" (1960) and "L'Amore Primitivo" (1964).
Release.
The film was heavily publicized in the June 1963 issue of "Playboy", featuring nude photos of Mansfield. The publication led to an obscenity charge against Hugh Hefner, who was arrested by Chicago police in June 1963, but the subsequent trial ended with a hung jury, and thus acquittal. Copies of the issue reportedly sold for as much as $10 each.
Upon its theatrical release in 1963, "Promises! Promises!" was banned in Cleveland and several other cities, although a Cleveland court later ruled that the nude scenes were not obscene. Both the original and an edited version enjoyed box-office success in places where it was not banned, except for California.
The film was presented for the first time on television in its uncut form in 1984 on the Playboy Channel. The film was one of several dozen sound films to have been released in full-length form on Super 8mm in the 1970s. The film was released on VHS and Betamax videotape in the 1980s. On February 14, 2006, VCI Home Video released the film on DVD with extras such as original trailers and a gallery of stills from the "Playboy" issue, along with previously unreleased lobby cards.
Reception.
Mansfield was voted one of the top 10 box-office attractions by theater owners in 1963.
"Chicago Sun-Times" movie critic Roger Ebert wrote: "Finally, in 'Promises, Promises' she did what no Hollywood actress ever does except in desperation: she made a nudie. By 1963, that kind of box office appeal was about all she had left."

</doc>
<doc id="7022637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022637" title="Vanessa Show">
Vanessa Show

Vanessa Show (27 September 1945 – 15 September 2023) was an Argentine travesti performer. As the first travesti in Argentine show business, she is considered a pioneering figure.
Early life.
Vanessa Show was born José Mussi in La Banda, a town in Santiago del Estero Province, into an affluent family of cattlemen and slaughterers of Arab origin. When she was twelve, her parents separated and her father disinherited her mother, leaving them penniless. Show moved to Buenos Aires at age fifteen and got low-paying jobs like washing glasses and peeling potatoes at bars.
Career.
Show began working as a revue backup dancer for important vedettes such as Nelida Lobato, Nélida Roca, Susana Brunetti and Moria Casán. She eventually got a job at the El Nacional and Maipo theaters. For a while, she alternated this theatre work with appearances as a vedette in a Bahía Blanca cabaret, eventually choosing to dedicate herself entirely to cross-dressing performing. She told "Página/12" in 2018: "I stopped being a male dancer in November 1970 and by May 1971 I was already famous as Vanessa Show." She then dedicated herself to doing shows in small theatres from Buenos Aires and other parts of the country, with titles such as "Las vedettes son ellos", "Compañía de travestis" and "Los travestis se divierten". In these shows, she initially appeared dressed in men's clothes, gave a monologue and presented other artists, later appearing as a vedette performing musical numbers, with sophisticated costumes with feathers and glitter. The name Vanessa was given to her by producer Éber Lobato, and the surname Show came after a journalist from "Crónica" described her as "quite a show" upon seeing her.
In 1974, she was the subject of the short documentary film "Vanessa" directed by Marie Louise Alemann, which documented the performer backstage as she transformed from master of ceremonies to showgirl. Unreleased for many years, the film was discovered by Federico Windhausen, who was able to identify Vanessa Show with the assistance of the Archivo de la Memoria Trans. The film was screened in 2018 at Asterico, an Argentine LGBT film festival.
In 1975, Show was hired to perform in a cabaret in Italy. While in Europe, she began to transition and live her everyday life with a feminine gender expression. Back in Buenos Aires, she bought an apartment in Congreso, but due to constant harassment from the police and the Triple A—which labelled her a "sex terrorist"—decided to return to Europe.
The entertainer continued to perform through several European countries.
Show was also the main attraction of private presentations at parties of the King of Morocco.
In the 1990s, Show returned to her homeland and resided in Buenos Aires. She was steadily invited to be guest of the talk shows of Argentinian television, and presentations in music halls and magazines interviews. Show was widely known for "no tener pelos en la lengua", a Spanish expression that means "being a blunt person", that only intended to speak very frankly about everything. Her frankly open opinion about the romance that the football player Diego Maradona was having with famed Argentine transsexual Cris Miró was published in an article of "Rating Cero".
Show died at the Providencia Hospital in Buenos Aires, on 15 September 2023, at the age of 72.

</doc>
<doc id="7022649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022649" title="Cyril Lord">
Cyril Lord

Cyril Lord (12 July 1911 – 29 May 1984) was a British entrepreneur, known principally for the manufacture of carpets during the 1960s. Born in Droylsden in Lancashire, Lord spent his early years living in a community of textile mill-workers. His main carpet factory was at Donaghadee in the north of County Down in Ulster. This factory was largely designed by Billy McAlister, a Belfast architect, and his team.
Lord was married three times. In 1936 he married Bessie Greenwood, and they had one son and two daughters before divorcing in 1959. In 1960, he married the author and journalist Shirley Florence Hussey ("née" Stringer, later married to journalist Abe Rosenthal) with whom he had one son. They divorced in 1973. In 1974 Lord married Aileen Parnell, widow of the impresario Val Parnell.
In the 1960s Lord sold some expensive rugs to film and television producer William Dozier, and was paid by a cameo appearance in the TV series "Batman".
The Cyril Lord group of companies collapsed at the end of 1968 shortly after Lord's resignation as chairman on the grounds of ill-health.
The TV advertising jingle "This is luxury you can afford by Cyril Lord" was very well known in the 1960s. It was parodied in the song "I'm Bored" by the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band as "This is boredom you can afford from Cyril Bored" (following a series of other word alterations, such as "drawing bored", "bored-ello", and "mortar bored") on their debut album "Gorilla" (1967).
During his time living and working in Northern Ireland, Lord lived on Warren Road on the outskirts of Donaghadee, by the Irish Sea. In May 1984, following a long illness, he died at his home in Barbados.

</doc>
<doc id="7022655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022655" title="Ophelia's Shadow">
Ophelia's Shadow

Ophelia's Shadow is the fourth solo studio album by the British singer Toyah Willcox, released in 1991 by E.G. Records. Some musicians playing on this album have been members of King Crimson at a certain moment, people like Robert Fripp, Gordon Haskell, Keith Tippett and Trey Gunn.
Background.
The album was created with Tony Geballe as well as Trey Gunn and Paul Beavis with whom Toyah and her husband Robert Fripp constituted the band Sunday All Over the World at the same time. It was originally planned as part two of a trilogy, following "Prostitute". The title is a reference to Ophelia, a character from William Shakespeare's "Hamlet", and Carl Jung's psychological concept of the shadow.
In 2003, the album was reissued via Toyah's own Vertical Species label with a slightly changed artwork and new text introduction. In 2020, it was released as part of the "Toyah Solo" box set.

</doc>
<doc id="7022659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022659" title="Forever Blue">
Forever Blue

Forever Blue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7022661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022661" title="Bookish">
Bookish

Bookish.com is a content discovery and ecommerce website, which launched in February 2013, devoted to books. The site allows users to browse an extensive database of books and authors, add books to user-created digital "shelves", get custom book recommendations, read editorial content and purchase physical books, ebooks, and audiobooks.
History.
Bookish was founded in 2011 in a joint venture backed by three of the "big six" publishing companies – Hachette Book Group, Penguin Group (USA), and Simon &amp; Schuster – with the goal of increasing the presence of book publishers in the book-buying industry (which was becoming increasingly dominated by Amazon.com due to the increased popularity of online bookstores), as well as to expand the overall book-buying market. 
The site was expected to launch in the summer of 2011, but the launch was delayed due to technical issues relating to data compilation, as well as a lawsuit filed by the United States Department of Justice in 2012 against Apple Inc. and five major publishing companies regarding the pricing of ebooks. The site officially launched in February 2013 with the support of sixteen additional publishing companies.
Acquisition.
In early 2014, online ebook retailer Zola Books, attracted by the site's sophisticated “algorithmic software” that offers reading suggestions, acquired Bookish.

</doc>
<doc id="7022663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022663" title="Alex (Madagascar)">
Alex (Madagascar)



</doc>
<doc id="7022664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022664" title="Use It Up and Wear It Out">
Use It Up and Wear It Out

"Use It Up and Wear It Out" is a song by US-based dance and soul group Odyssey that was released as a single in 1980. It was originally released as the B-side of "Don't Tell Me, Tell Her". When it was rereleased as the A-side it would go on to spend twelve weeks on the UK Singles Chart, including two at No. 1, but failed to have any commercial success in the United States.
The song was written by Sandy Linzer and L. Russell Brown, and produced by Linzer. It was the New York-based disco group's only UK No. 1 single, spending two weeks at the top of the charts from July 26 to August 8, 1980, and was their most successful single on the UK Singles Chart. In their native United States, it failed to get into the Hot 100. However along with the track "Don't Tell Me, Tell Her", "Use It Up and Wear It Out" went to number six on the US "Billboard" Disco Top 100 chart.
The song was produced by Sandy Linzer and was arranged and conducted by Ray Chew. The song was also released in 1980 as a 12" single.
Pat and Mick version.
A cover by the duo Pat and Mick, produced by Stock Aitken Waterman, reached No. 22 on the UK Singles Chart in 1990.
Other versions.
A version by Indigo appears on "Queer as Folk 2: Same Men, New Tracks", the second soundtrack album for the UK version of "Queer as Folk".

</doc>
<doc id="7022670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022670" title="Res gestae Saxonicae sive annalium libri tres">
Res gestae Saxonicae sive annalium libri tres



</doc>
<doc id="7022672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022672" title="SLC12A3">
SLC12A3



</doc>
<doc id="7022677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022677" title="Exception (song)">
Exception (song)

"Exception" is a pop rock song recorded by the Swedish pop/rock music singer Ana Johnsson. The song was released as second single from her second studio album "Little Angel" on October 11, 2006. Her official Swedish website also posted that the song it to be the theme song to the Swedish thriller movie "Exit", which premiered October 6, 2006 in Sweden. The single debuted at number ten in the Swedish Singles Charts.
Swedish singer Dilba co-wrote the song with Johnsson and provides some of the backing vocals on the track. Kasper Lindgren from Prime STH plays the drums on the track.
Track listing.
CD single
Note that on many sites track 2 is listed as 'Recall V5 Normal' but behind the CD cover it is simply listed as 'Remix'.
Music video.
The music video is viewable on YouTube and under media on her Swedish official web site. Also the trailer for "Exit", that premiered October 6, has been added to the video archive on the official website.
In the music video, Ana is a spying in a company. Singing "I had him in my vision", she keeps an eye on her 'enemies'. After she has stolen a secret tape in the house where she's spying in too and gets in the car, she finds out it's fake and throws it out the window. The music video also contains lot of scenes from the "Exit" thriller. The music video was directed by Peter Lindmark, the same who directes the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="7022688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022688" title="Mourao">
Mourao



</doc>
<doc id="7022694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022694" title="Orlík Reservoir">
Orlík Reservoir

The Orlík Reservoir () is the largest hydroelectric dam in the Czech Republic. It dams the Vltava River near the village of Solenice, which is near the town of Příbram. The structure is named after Orlík Castle, which is situated a few kilometers above the dam. The dam has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 91 MW each having a total capacity of 364 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="7022695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022695" title="Adrien de Wignacourt">
Adrien de Wignacourt

Fra' Adrien de Wignacourt (1618 – 4 February 1697) was the 63rd Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta from 1690 to 1697.
He was the nephew of Fra Alof de Wignacourt. He was elected Grand Master after the death of Fra Gregorio Carafa in 1690.
He died in 1697 and was succeeded by Fra Ramon Perellos.

</doc>
<doc id="7022696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022696" title="Vila Vicosa">
Vila Vicosa



</doc>
<doc id="7022699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022699" title="XIVe Arrondissement">
XIVe Arrondissement



</doc>
<doc id="7022700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022700" title="Shi`ite Theocracies">
Shi`ite Theocracies



</doc>
<doc id="7022707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022707" title="Austronesians">
Austronesians



</doc>
<doc id="7022709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022709" title="Tanning lamp">
Tanning lamp

Tanning lamps (sometimes called tanning bulbs in the United States or tanning tubes in Europe) are the part of a tanning bed, booth or other tanning device which produces ultraviolet light used for indoor tanning. There are hundreds of different kinds of tanning lamps most of which can be classified in two basic groups: low pressure and high pressure. Within the industry, it is common to call high-pressure units "bulbs" and low-pressure units "lamps", although there are many exceptions and not everyone follows this example. This is likely due to the size of the unit, rather than the type. Both types require an oxygen free environment inside the lamp.
Fluorescent tanning lamps require an electrical ballast to limit the amount of current going through the lamp. While the resistance of an incandescent lamp filament inherently limits the current inside the lamp, tanning lamps do not and instead have negative resistance. They are plasma devices, like a neon sign, and will pass as much current as the external circuit will provide, even to the point of self-destruction. Thus a ballast is needed to regulate the current through them.
Tanning lamps are installed in a tanning bed, tanning booth, tanning canopy or free standing single bulb tanning unit. The quality of the tan (or how similar it is to a tan from the natural sun) depends upon the spectrum of the light that is generated from the lamps.
High-pressure bulbs.
High-pressure bulbs are 3 to 5 inches long and typically powered by a ballast with 250 to 2,000 watts. The most common is the 400 watt variety that is used as an added face tanner in the traditional tanning bed. High-pressure lamps use quartz glass, and as such do not filter UVC. Because UVC can be deadly, a special dichroic filter glass (usually purple) is required that will filter out the UVC and UVB. The goal with high-pressure tanning bulbs is to produce a high amount of UVA only. Unfiltered light from a high-pressure lamp is rich in UVC used in germicidal lamps, for water purification, but it damages human skin.
The contents of a high-pressure lamp are inert gas (such as argon) and mercury. There are no phosphors used, and the mercury is clearly visible if it is not in a gaseous state. During installation, even a small amount of oil from fingertips can cause the quartz envelope to fail in operation. Most commercial replacement bulbs come with a special pocket wipe, usually containing alcohol, to clean the bulb in case it is accidentally touched during installation. Because the bulb contains mercury, great care should be used if a bulb is broken, to prevent accidental contact or vapor exposure.
Low-pressure lamps.
Like all fluorescent lamps, low-pressure tanning lamps have a ballast to start the lamps and limit the flow of current. The plasma of excited mercury atoms inside the lamp emits ultraviolet light directly. The lamps are coated on the inside with special phosphors. Unlike high-pressure lamps, the glass that is used in low-pressure lamps filters out all UVC. Once the plasma is fully formed, the plasma strips away the outer electrons from the mercury; when these electrons return to a lower energy level, visible and ultraviolet light is emitted. Some of the short-wave ultraviolet excites the phosphors, which then emits photons in the proper spectrum for tanning.
Ballasts.
In the older style (but still most popular) "choke ballast", each end of the lamp has its own cathode and anode, however, once the lamp has started, the plasma flows from one end of the lamp to the other, with each end acting as a single cathode or anode. The starter is a plasma switch itself, and temporarily connects the cathode on one end of the lamp to the anode on the other end of the lamp, causing the lamp ends to heat up quickly, or "preheat". Many F71 lamps are still called "pre-heat bi-pin" for this reason.
Newer electronic systems work differently and always treat one end of the lamp as a cathode and one end as an anode. Whereas the choke style always works at 230 V AC at 60 Hz (220–240 V AC/50 Hz in Europe), newer electronics work very differently. This includes magnetic, pure solid state, and high frequency ballasts. These new ballasts operate at voltages up to 600 V AC, and at 20,000 Hz, with some high frequency ballasts operating as high as 100,000 Hz or higher. This allows the ballast to energize the lamp with more than raw power, and instead operates using a combination of electrical force and induction. This allows a 100 watt lamp to fully light with as little as 65 watts.
The disadvantage of the newer electronics is price. It can cost 3 to 5 times more per lamp to use electronic ballasts than traditional choke ballasts, which is why choke ballasts are still used in the majority of new tanning systems. Another disadvantage of the older style choke ballast is they are designed for European electricity, and require incoming voltage in the range of 220 V AC and 230 V AC. Most US homes have 110 V service and businesses use 208 V three-phase service that requires these beds to use a buck-boost transformer in order to receive the proper voltage. Too low a voltage will result in the lamp starter not letting the lamp ignite (or at the least, very slowly) whereas too high a voltage can lead to premature failure in the starters and lamps. The average cost of these transformers is $200 to $250. While this makes the newer electronics cost about the same for the typical tanning bed, buckboost transformers are usually sold separately, so the total cost is not always obvious to the consumer at first glance.
Low-pressure lamp sizes and powers.
Tanning lamps come in several configurations which are considered standards within the industry, including:
The power listing for lamps is not absolute, as you can drive a lamp with less power than listed if you use certain solid state ballasts. You can also use a 160 W lamp with a 100 W ballast, although there are no advantages to this. Using a 100 W lamp with a 160 W ballast, however, can lead to quick failure as the cathode/anode of some 100 W lamps can not take the extra power. The lamps will operate at any frequency (50 Hz to 120,000 Hz or higher). However, the ballasts and other electrical systems on the tanning bed are sensitive to frequency.
Lamp life.
Like all fluorescent lamps, the low-pressure lamps will burn for a long period of time. They will, however, lose their ability to produce a reasonable amount of UV after a short while. Typical lifespans for low-pressure lamps are from 300 to 1,600 hours of actual use although they may light and produce very little UV for as much as 5000 hours. High-pressure lamps range from 300 to 1,000 hours, and should be replaced when they have reached their maximum life to prevent any possible damage to the ballast, although this is very rare. Lamp manufacturers generally rate the "life" of the lamp to be the period of time that the lamp will continue to emit at least 70% to 80% of the initial UV.
Lamp types.
In addition to standard lamps, there are also lamps with reflectors built inside. This is accomplished by taking the raw glass before any phosphor is used and pouring a white, opaque, highly reflective chemical on the inside of the lamp. This is done only on a certain percentage of the lamp, such as 210 degrees or 180 degrees, so that the remaining lamp is NOT coated. After this coating has dried or has been treated to ensure it will stick to the surface of the glass (using heat, for example) the lamp is coated on the inside with the phosphor blend as usual. Anywhere from 3 to 5 different chemicals are typically used in a blend, with the actual proportions and chemicals closely guarded as trade secrets.
The 100 watt version of a reflector lamp is typically called a RUVA (Reflector UVA) or less commonly HO-R (High Output - Reflector). The 160 watt version are called VHO-R (Very High Output - Reflector). The name "VHR" describe 160 W reflector lamps and is a registered trademark of Cosmedico, Ltd. There are many other variations of low-pressure tanning lamps including 26 watt, 80 watt, and 200 watt to name a few.
UV output rating.
This is one of the most confusing aspects of tanning lamps in North America, as lamps in the US are not rated for their total output, but rather their ratio of UVA to UVB. Most people could be led to believe that a 6.5% lamp is stronger than a 5% lamp, while both lamps might have the same total UV output (or the 5% could even be stronger across the spectrum). 
As such, UVA vs UVB rating on lamps only tells you the relative amount of UV, making a 5% lamp really a lamp whose UV spectrum is 5% UVB and 95% UVA. There are no accepted published numbers for rating the overall power for lamps, except the TE (time exposure), which is almost as useless for making comparisons.
The TE isn't generally published, although it is usually available from the lamp manufacturer on request. Because the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) biases tests against UVB, the TE may make a weaker lamp appear stronger by having more UVB. Furthermore, although tanning beds are rated with exposure times, tanning lamps are not because beds can vary widely as to how a given lamp affects the user, making it difficult or impossible to compare the total UV output of different low-pressure lamps.
The UVB to UVA ratio percentage is considered a technologically outdated form of measuring a lamp's overall UV output and Wolff "Metric" now lists actual UVA, UVB and total UV flux powers. This is the best way of measuring a low-pressure and high-pressure lamp. Wolff measured lamp outputs are listed here If you are purchasing a lamp from any manufacturer always ask for actual flux power output, as UVA to UVB ratios tell very little.
Lamp maintenance and replacement.
Tanning lamps are virtually maintenance free, but must be kept clean, as UV can easily be blocked by dust drawn in from the cooling system (or from improperly cleaned acrylics shields). Most manufacturers recommend wiping the lamps and other internals clean every 200 to 300 hours of operation. Most salons will replace their tanning lamps once per year, while home tanning bed owners can expect 3 to 5 years of use. This depends solely on the number of hours the lamps have been used and the rated life of the lamp, which varies from model to model.
High-pressure lamps must be handled very carefully, as any oil from the skin that is left on the bulb can cause the bulb to overheat and lead to early failure. The filter glass must also be handled carefully as it is extremely fragile by its nature. These should only be cleaned with special chemicals designed for this purpose. Operating any tanning equipment that uses high-pressure bulbs without the special filter glass is extremely dangerous, and illegal in a salon, due to the high amount of UVC generated in the bulbs.
The amount of UV that is generated from a low-pressure lamp is highly dependent on the temperature in the tanning unit. As a rule, tanning lamps produce the highest amount of ultraviolet light when this temperature is between . As the temperature moves away from this range, the amount of UV produced is reduced. Cooling systems for tanning equipment are usually designed to maintain a range of temperature instead of providing maximum airflow for this reason. Higher temperatures will also reduce the expected life of the tanning lamp. This is why it is important to perform regular maintenance, including checking cooling fans and insuring that vent holes are not blocked. The owners manual for the tanning equipment is the best source for maintenance schedules and methods.
Other uses.
In addition to their use in tanning, tanning lamps are used for the treatment of psoriasis, eczema, vitiligo.
Mercury hazards.
All fluorescent lamps contain mercury, and at this time, no suitable replacement has been found. Many US states have banned disposal of lamps containing mercury, and have established regulations requiring that lamps containing mercury are identified as such. This has not caused problems for manufacturers, however, as lamps are not produced locally, and often not in the US. There have been several efforts to label all lamps that contain mercury with a universally accepted symbol, Hg. Old lamps should be handled as would be any hazardous material, and persons should take special precautions when dealing with broken lamps to avoid contact with mercury. This is particularly true for pregnant women. These laws and guidelines are not unique to tanning lamps, and apply to all fluorescent lamps, other lamps that contain mercury, as well as other products that contain mercury with the exception of pharmaceuticals. Proper disposal or recycling will prevent the mercury content of the lamps from entering the environment.

</doc>
<doc id="7022715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022715" title="Sao Bras de Alportel">
Sao Bras de Alportel



</doc>
<doc id="7022717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022717" title="Jackson C. Frank (album)">
Jackson C. Frank (album)

Jackson C. Frank is the debut album by Jackson C. Frank, released in December 1965 by Columbia (EMI). It was the only studio album he released before his death.
Background.
The album was produced in 1965 by Paul Simon in London, and both Al Stewart and Art Garfunkel attended the recording.
The album features Frank on guitar and vocals with Simon and Stewart providing an occasional second guitar.
Frank was reportedly so nervous that in order to play and sing, he had to have screens around him. The album was recorded in less than three hours in London at CBS Studios.
Legacy.
Upon release, the album failed to chart and sold poorly. After the failure of the album, Frank attempted to track down Simon, who he believed owned the rights to his songs. He went into seclusion and died decades later, never having released another recording.
The album has been re-released under three different titles and four different cover arts. The first re-release was released in 1978 by B&amp;C Records, changing the title to "Jackson Again" with a new illustrated cover. In 1996, the album was re-released as "Blues Run the Game" by Mooncrest on CD with a photograph of Frank. In 2001, a second CD edition was released by Castle Music on November 19, 2001 which restored the original title and cover. In 2013, the album was issued on CD with yet another alternate cover by Earth Recordings.
Covers and media appearances.
"Blues Run the Game" has been covered by artists including Simon and Garfunkel, Sandy Denny, Counting Crows, Bert Jansch, Nick Drake, Bonnie Dobson, Mark Lanegan and Laura Marling. The song also appeared in the film "The Old Man &amp; the Gun".
"I Want to Be Alone" (also known as "Dialogue") appeared on the soundtrack for the film "Daft Punk's Electroma".
"Milk and Honey" appears in the film "The Brown Bunny" directed by Vincent Gallo and was also on the official soundtrack album for the film and heavily featured in the trailer for the movie.
My Name Is Carnival appears in the film "Joker (2019)" and is referenced in the dialogue.
Personnel.
Production

</doc>
<doc id="7022722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022722" title="Vila Real de Santo Antonio">
Vila Real de Santo Antonio



</doc>
<doc id="7022727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022727" title="Watching the river flow">
Watching the river flow



</doc>
<doc id="7022732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022732" title="Phenotropil">
Phenotropil



</doc>
<doc id="7022735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022735" title="Florn">
Florn

Florn was a German company which made small manual travel and desk alarm clocks. Most examples are “clam” or “oyster” compact styles for travel. The clocks were made beginning from at least 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="7022736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022736" title="Vila Nova de Foz Coa">
Vila Nova de Foz Coa



</doc>
<doc id="7022738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022738" title="United Nations in Jammu">
United Nations in Jammu



</doc>
<doc id="7022741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022741" title="Foz Coa">
Foz Coa



</doc>
<doc id="7022743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022743" title="Polly Shearman">
Polly Shearman



</doc>
<doc id="7022748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022748" title="Foz Côa">
Foz Côa



</doc>
<doc id="7022752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022752" title="Oumu">
Oumu



</doc>
<doc id="7022758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022758" title="County Route 907 (Niagara County, New York)">
County Route 907 (Niagara County, New York)



</doc>
<doc id="7022766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022766" title="Alvaiazere">
Alvaiazere



</doc>
<doc id="7022772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022772" title="Lee Pfund">
Lee Pfund

Le Roy Herbert Pfund (October 10, 1919 – June 2, 2016) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher and college baseball and college basketball coach.
Early life.
Pfund was born in Oak Park, Illinois.
Baseball career.
On November 1, 1944, he was drafted by the Brooklyn Dodgers from the St. Louis Cardinals in the 1944 rule 5 draft, and played for the Dodgers in 1945. The 25-year-old rookie right-hander stood and weighed . Pfund was one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut in relief against the New York Giants at the Polo Grounds on April 21, 1945, when professional baseball teams conducted spring training in the north. His first major league win came in his first start, on May 14, 1945, as the Dodgers defeated the Pittsburgh Pirates 4–1 at Ebbets Field.
Season and career totals for 15 games include a 3–2 record, 10 games started, 2 complete games, 2 games finished, and an ERA of 5.20 in 62.1 innings pitched. Pfund went 4-for-22 (.182) in batting with a double and 2 walks, had 4 runs batted in and scored 2 runs. Even though he pitched 62.1 innings in 1945, Pfund tied for ninth among National League hurlers with 5 hit batsmen. By contrast, it took the other five pitchers who were tied with him for ninth an average of 191.2 innings to hit the same number of batters. A knee injury curtailed hopes of returning to the majors.
College career.
In 1948, Pfund was hired to coach the baseball team while still at the college studying for his bachelor's degree. He was hired to also coach the basketball program in 1951. He was employed at Wheaton College in Wheaton, Illinois for nearly 39 years, as a professor of physical education, baseball coach, basketball coach, and executive director of the Alumni Association (1975–87). He led the basketball team to a championship with the 1957 NCAA College Division basketball tournament, the first basketball tournament for the NCAA College Division (now referred to as NCAA Division II).
Pfund was the winningest coach in Wheaton history for both men's basketball (362) and baseball (249) In 1977, he received the Distinguished Service to Alma Mater award from the Wheaton Alumni Association. In 1985, he was inducted into the Wheaton Athletics Department's Hall of Honor. In the opening weeks of each season every year since 1996, the Wheaton men's basketball program has hosted the Lee Pfund Classic basketball tournament. In 2000, Lee Pfund Gymnasium opened as a practice and recreation space in the Sports and Recreation Complex on the Wheaton campus. In April 2012, Lee Pfund Stadium – outfitted with lights, new dugouts, a new backstop, and artificial turf – opened in Carol Stream, Illinois, where it is the home of the Wheaton baseball program. On April 30, 2016, Pfund's jersey number 17 — the number he wore as skipper of the baseball team at Wheaton — was retired.
Pfund was inducted into the Illinois State Basketball Coaches Association “Hall of Fame”. He died on June 2, 2016, at the age of 96. Pfund's son, Randy, was the head coach of the Los Angeles Lakers and later general manager of the Miami Heat.

</doc>
<doc id="7022776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022776" title="Here's looking at you, kid.">
Here's looking at you, kid.



</doc>
<doc id="7022777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022777" title="Ansiao">
Ansiao



</doc>
<doc id="7022781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022781" title="Figueiro dos Vinhos">
Figueiro dos Vinhos



</doc>
<doc id="7022785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022785" title="Gomberg–Bachmann reaction">
Gomberg–Bachmann reaction

The Gomberg–Bachmann reaction, named for the Russian-American chemist Moses Gomberg and the American chemist Werner Emmanuel Bachmann, is an aryl-aryl coupling reaction via a diazonium salt.
The arene compound (here benzene) is reacted with a diazonium salt in the presence of a base to provide the biaryl through an intermediate aryl radical. For example, "p"-bromobiphenyl may be prepared from 4-bromoaniline and benzene:
The reaction offers a wide scope for both diazonium component and arene component but yields are generally low following the original procedure (less than 40%), given the many side-reactions of diazonium salts. Several improvements have been suggested. One possibility is to employ diazonium tetrafluoroborates in arene solvent together with a phase-transfer catalyst, another is to use 1-aryl-3,3-dialkyltriazenes.
Pschorr reaction.
One intramolecular variation which gives better results is the Pschorr cyclization:
The group Z can be CH2, CH2CH2, NH and CO (to fluorenone) to name just a few.

</doc>
<doc id="7022786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022786" title="Phil Levine">
Phil Levine



</doc>
<doc id="7022788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022788" title="United Nations in Jammu and Kashmir">
United Nations in Jammu and Kashmir



</doc>
<doc id="7022789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022789" title="List of ship launches in 1999">
List of ship launches in 1999

The list of ship launches in 1999 includes a chronological list of all ships launched in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="7022792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022792" title="Admir Ćatović">
Admir Ćatović

Admir Ćatović (; born 5 September 1987) is a Bosnian-Swedish footballer who plays as a striker for Assyriska FF.
Career.
Starting his career in the Vasalunds IF youth system, Ćatović moved on to Råsunda IS and eventually was picked up by AIK.
AIK was relegated to Superettan in 2004, and Ćatović took a place in the senior team prior to the 2005 season. However, his appearance on the field was limited to 2 league matches and 2 cup matches, he scored once against Västra Frölunda IF when he gave AIK the lead after nine minutes in a 3–0 victory.
When AIK was promoted back to Allsvenskan, Ćatović did not follow and was released to AIK's Farm team Väsby United. However the club was relegated immediately to Division 1, where he helped the club back by scoring 10 goals. During the 2008 Superettan he helpt Väsby to a 9th position by scoring 6 goals. He was loaned out to Syrianska FC prior to the 2009 season, but had only limited appearances for the club. In 2010 AIK suffered greatly from poor performance and brought Ćatović back to club, he however ended up in the shadows of first Mohamed Bangura and then Teteh Bangura.
Dissatisfied with his secondary role in the team, Ćatović broke his contract with AIK and signed for Assyriska FF. During the season of 2014 he played for KuPs (Kuopio, Finland).
On 28 July 2015, it was confirmed, that Ćatović had signed a season-long contract with Danish 1st Division club FC Fredericia. He left the club in January 2016, when his contract expired.
On 2 February 2017, he moved to the Russian club FC Khimki.
Honours.
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="7022793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022793" title="Antonio José González Zumárraga">
Antonio José González Zumárraga

Antonio José González Zumárraga (March 18, 1925 – October 13, 2008) was an Ecuadorian Cardinal of the Catholic Church.
González Zumárraga was born in Pujili, Ecuador. He was ordained priest on July 29, 1951, following studies at the San José seminary in Quito and the Pontifical University of Salamanca, Spain, where he obtained a doctorate in canon law.
He was made auxiliary bishop of Quito on May 17, 1969 (with the titular diocese of Tagarata) and was consecrated as bishop in Quito on June 15, 1969, by Cardinal Pablo Muñoz Vega, SJ, Archbishop of Quito.
He was made Bishop of Machala on June 30, 1978, and then Coadjutor Archbishop of Quito on June 28, 1980. He succeeded to full governance of the Archdiocese on June 1, 1985.
He was created as a Cardinal Priest (Cardinal Priest of Santa Maria in Via) in 2001 by Pope John Paul II.

</doc>
<doc id="7022795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022795" title="Pedrogao Grande">
Pedrogao Grande



</doc>
<doc id="7022798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022798" title="The Evil Touch">
The Evil Touch

The Evil Touch is an Australian television series, originally broadcast in Australia in 1973 and produced by Amalgamated Pictures Australasia in association with Olola Productions Australia. An anthology series, each episode had a self-contained story usually in a thriller or horror style, and often with a twist ending. Subjects explored included the occult, science fiction, murder schemes, and whodunits. Each episode had a new cast of guest actors playing new characters, although several guest stars appeared in more than one episode.
Overview.
The series was produced by American producer Mende Brown and partly funded by the Nine Network. A key feature was the involvement of internationally known actors. Some were lured to Australia to participate in the show by also being allowed to direct an episode. Supporting roles were portrayed by Australian actors. Despite Australian television being in black and white in 1973, this series was produced entirely in color and on film to enhance its international appeal.
Each episode was introduced by Anthony Quayle, who appeared in a darkened studio surrounded by unearthly golden smoke imagery, frequently reminding viewers that "there is a touch of evil in all of us". He returned to provide the epilogue to each instalment, always wishing viewers "pleasant dreams".
Cast.
Each episode featured a new setting and characters and a different cast. Several name actors appeared, acting in multiple episodes as different characters:
Morrow and McGavin each directed one of the episodes they acted in. Australian actors in supporting roles included Jack Thompson, Elaine Lee, John Morris, June Thody, Tony Bonner, Neva Carr Glyn, Janet Kingsbury, Mirren Lee, Reg Evans, Peter Gwynne, Mark Lee, Carole Skinner, Briony Behets, Roger Ward, Rowena Wallace, Peter Sumner, John Meillon and Wendy Playfair.
"Filmink" magazine called it "pure Rick Dalton territory".
Broadcasts.
The series was initially screened in Australia by the Nine Network in a prime time slot. The series was also screened in first-run syndication and later re-ran on TV Land in the US and ITV in the UK, with later airings in the 1990s on Bravo. In Australia it was repeated in a late-night slot several times up until the mid-1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="7022800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022800" title="Ohmu, Hokkaido">
Ohmu, Hokkaido



</doc>
<doc id="7022802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022802" title="The Marriage-Go-Round">
The Marriage-Go-Round

The Marriage-Go-Round is a 1958 play written by Leslie Stevens. The 1961 film adaptation of the same name, written and produced by Stevens, stars Susan Hayward, James Mason and Julie Newmar, who reprised her role from the play.
The play was inspired by a suggestion that dancer Isadora Duncan supposedly made to playwright George Bernard Shaw: The two of them should have a child because "with your mind and my body, think what a person it would be!" The play, a sex comedy, was a Broadway theatre success with a run of over 700 performances; it did poorly at the box office .
Play.
The play's original production on Broadway starred Charles Boyer as Dr.
Paul Delville, a professor of cultural anthropology at a New York college, 
Claudette Colbert as Dr. Content Lowell, the Dean of Women at the college and Delville's wife, Julie Newmar as Katrin Sveg, and Edmon Ryan as Ross Barnett.
Reception.
Brooks Atkinson of "The New York Times" called the Broadway production at the Plymouth Theatre "droll and buoyant" and its direction by Joseph Anthony "immaculate."
At the 13th Tony Awards, Newmar won for her performance as Featured Dramatic Actress and Colbert received a Tony nomination for her performance as a Dramatic Actress. Colbert lost to Gertrude Berg, who won for her performance in "A Majority of One".
The play was in part a success due to charity theater parties, such as one sponsored by Maternity Center Association, which bought all seats for one night's performance in November 1958, paying $5,700 and netting $16,000 after selling tickets to its members that were priced between $10 and $30.

</doc>
<doc id="7022803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022803" title="Live at the Loft and More">
Live at the Loft and More



</doc>
<doc id="7022817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022817" title="Sobral de Monte Agraco">
Sobral de Monte Agraco



</doc>
<doc id="7022819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022819" title="Memory and Identity">
Memory and Identity

Memory and Identity is the last book written by Pope John Paul II. It was published in 2005. The work consists of 26 chapters, each opening with a short narrative paragraph, sometimes including one or more questions. The rest of the chapter consists of the Pope's answers or reactions to the opening paragraph.
Description.
The chapters are organized into five sections and an epilogue. The sections discuss his views on the issues of:
1) The nature and limitations of evil; he asserts that 'the ideologies of evil are profoundly rooted in the history of European thought'; especially the French Enlightenment, 'radically atheist Marxist revolution', 'National Socialist ideology', and abortion/ gay rights conferred by the European parliament. Redemption is the Divine limit imposed on evil, and is given to Man as his task.
2) The relationship between freedom and responsibility; a discussion of the 'just good', the 'useful good' and the 'pleasurable good' brings him to criticize modern utilitarianism. Freedom must be commensurate with truth and love.
3) The nature of nationalism in the context of history and culture; patriotism and culture are expressions of love, whereas nationalism pursues the good of one's own nation alone.
4) The current social state of affairs in Europe; liberty, equality and fraternity grew out of the Gospel, but early capitalism did much damage to these principles. Europe was also uniquely devastated by two world wars.
5) The virtues and weaknesses of democracy; Parliaments confer abortion rights but do nothing to defend the unborn child.
The epilogue is a first hand account of the assassination attempt on him on 13 May 1981.
It also mentions the importance of the Thomistic philosophy and theology of the prominent doctor of the Catholic Church St. Thomas Aquinas to come to a deeper understanding of the Pope's personalist (phenomenological) presentation of "Humanae Vitae" in his "Theology of the Body" catechesis, which he thought had its limitations. He writes:If we wish to speak rationally about good and evil, we have to return to St. Thomas Aquinas, that is, to the philosophy of being. With the phenomenological method, for example, we can study experiences of morality, religion, or simply what it is to be human, and draw from them a significant enrichment of our knowledge. Yet we must not forget that all these analyses implicitly presuppose the reality of the Absolute Being and also the reality of being human, that is, being a creature. If we do not set out from such 'realist' presuppositions, we end up in a vacuum.

</doc>
<doc id="7022823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022823" title="It Happened in Athens">
It Happened in Athens

It Happened in Athens is a 1962 American sports comedy-drama film released by 20th Century-Fox. It is directed by Andrew Marton and features Jayne Mansfield, newcomer Trax Colton, Maria Xénia, Nico Minardos, Roger Browne in his debut, and Olympic champion Bob Mathias.
Plot.
In 1896, it is announced the Olympic Games will be revived and played in Athens. Young shepherd, Spiridon Loues (Colton, in a fictionalized but sometimes accurate portrayal of water-carrier Spyridon Louis), decides to enter the 26-mile marathon. Once in Athens he meets Christina Gratsos (Kalogeropoulou) a young woman from his hometown who is now the personal maid to Greece's most famous actress, Eleni Costa (Mansfield). Eleni's lover, Lt. Alexi Vinardos (Minardos), is a powerful man in Greece and a respected runner. Though Spiridon arrived after the entry date, his persistence and athletic prowess so impress the Olympic officials and Coach Graham (Mathias), that he is admitted to compete in the race.
To promote herself, Eleni announces she'll marry the winner of the marathon, having faith that it will be her beloved Vinardos. Her proposal is heavily promoted in the press. However upon meeting Spiridon, Eleni pursues him romantically. Spiridon stays true to Christina, and tries to assuage her fear of being deserted for Eleni.
After starting the race in dead last, and accompanied most of the way by his small dog, Spiridon wins the race. Eleni has a change of heart and tells Spiridon to find Christina and marry her, stating "...she's your girl, not me". Spiridon tries to run to find Christina, but faints. He is revived two hours later and initially believes everything has been a dream. Christina finds Spiridon as he returns to the finishing line to remember his glory, and they share a kiss.
Production.
Development.
The project was originally announced by MGM in 1951 from a story by Laslo Vadney which had been turned into a script by Everett Freeman. Sidney Sheldon was to produce with Ricardo Montalbán, John Hodiak or Fernando Lamas to star. It was intended to film in Greece. However MGM did not proceed.
In 1960, it was announced 20th Century-Fox had purchased the script from MGM and were going to make it, with Robert Wagner mentioned as a possible star. The title was now "And Seven From America", with the plot revolving around seven Americans who helped Spyridon Louis win the marathon. Spyros Skouras of Fox announced the film would be one of three made in Greece by the studio, the others being "The King Must Die" and "Thermopylae" (which became "The 300 Spartans").
The film was done under the API banner via producer Robert L. Lippert; API produced low budget films for Fox, although the budget of "It Happened In Athens" was high by API standards. At one stage Dean Stockwell was announced in the cast. Juliet Prowse was considered for the female lead but Fox decided to go with Jayne Mansfield instead.
At one stage it was called "Winged Victory in Athens".
Filming.
Shot in the fall of 1960 in Greece, the film was Jayne Mansfield's last film with Fox before her career setback to low-budget British and European melodramas and comedies. Although Mansfield appears in only a supporting role, she received top billing.
Newcomer Trax Colton starred in the film. He had been discovered in a drug store and only made one film beforehand – a brief appearance in "Marriage-Go-Round".
As a publicity promotion for Colton, Fox cast the unknown actor in the lead and billed him directly below sex goddess Mansfield. During the filming of the feature, Mansfield and Colton had a brief love affair, unknown at the time.
Both Nico Minardos and Bob Mathias were added as supporting characters at the last minute when the appearances of both Lt. Alexi and Coach Graham were lengthened to become more than bit players. Less experienced actors had initially been cast, but when Fox demanded the roles be lengthened, the more experienced Minardos and Mathias were brought in as replacements. Unknowns were cast in smaller and less meaningful parts that rounded out the cast.
Though thought of as one of Mansfield's latter low-budget films, "It Happened in Athens" was actually made on a large budget and was produced in CinemaScope and DeLuxe color. Like several other Fox films during the early 1960s, the feature was made to bring quick profit to the studio, which was going broke due to the rising costs and expanding production schedule of the expensive historical epic "Cleopatra".
The end of the final race in the stadium was shot on 23 October 1960 with over 50,000 extras.
Release.
Upon release, "It Happened in Athens" was greeted with negative reviews and was a box office disappointment, making roughly $1 million in ticket sales on a budget of nearly $1.3 million. Not long after the film's failure, Fox released both Colton and Mansfield from their studio contracts.
Both performers were released due to their box office popularity. Though Mansfield was a huge box office star in the late-1950s, her movie career had faded by this point. Colton, an unknown, was released from the studio without having had a fair chance at superstardom. According to Fox, Mansfield had not worked with them full-time due to her repeated pregnancies and they did not have enough time to promote the severely unknown Colton, who lacked faith in his own, somewhat unwanted, career in the movies.

</doc>
<doc id="7022824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022824" title="Alter do Chao">
Alter do Chao



</doc>
<doc id="7022828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022828" title="Arnd Meier">
Arnd Meier

Arnd Meier (born March 1, 1973, in Hannover, Germany) is a former race car driver. After finishing second in the 1996 German Formula Three Championship behind Jarno Trulli, but ahead of teammate Nick Heidfeld, Meier participated in the 1997 and 1998 seasons of the CART World Series for Project Indy and Davis Racing. He led for two laps on his Champ Car debut in Australia, largely as the result of pit strategy. For much of his time in Champ Car, he drove the only Lola chassis in the field, at a time when Lola were struggling to match the pace of the dominant Reynard chassis. Among his 29 starts, his best finish was 10th place at Road America in 1998. In 1999, Meier returned to Europe to race in F3000 and touring cars. In 2004, Meier and René Wolff drove a BMW 318i to win the BFGoodrich Long Distance Championship.
Motorsports Career Results.
American Open Wheel.
CART.
Series Summary

</doc>
<doc id="7022830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022830" title="Funtwo">
Funtwo



</doc>
<doc id="7022831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022831" title="Gaviao">
Gaviao



</doc>
<doc id="7022838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022838" title="Bahgdad">
Bahgdad



</doc>
<doc id="7022839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022839" title="Marvao">
Marvao



</doc>
<doc id="7022844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7022844" title="Máel Sechnaill mac Máele Ruanaid">
Máel Sechnaill mac Máele Ruanaid

Máel Sechnaill mac Máel Ruanaida (Modern Irish: "Maolsheachlann Mac Maolruanaidh"), also known as Máel Sechnaill I, anglicised as Malachy MacMulrooney (died 27 November 862) was High King of Ireland. The Annals of Ulster use the Old Irish title "rí hÉrenn uile", that is "king of all Ireland", when reporting his death, distinguishing Máel Sechnaill from the usual Kings of Tara who are only called High Kings of Ireland in late sources such as the "Annals of the Four Masters" or Geoffrey Keating's "Foras Feasa ar Éirinn". According to the "Grand History of the Celts", a traditional book of facts and folklore, Mael Sechnaill was the husband of Mael Muire and Land ingen Dúngaile, the granddaughter of the legendary Alpin, a 9th-century king of Dalriada.
Background.
Máel Sechnaill was son of Máel Ruanaid and grandson of Donnchad Midi mac Domnaill of Clann Cholmáin, who was King of Tara from around 778 to 797. Clann Cholmáin was a sept of the Uí Néill which ruled as Kings of Mide in east central Ireland. While the southern Uí Néill had been dominated by the Síl nÁedo Sláine Kings of Brega in the 7th and early 8th centuries, the Clann Cholmáin were dominant from the time of Máel Sechnaill's great-grandfather Domnall Midi. The Kingship of Tara, a largely symbolic title, alternated between Clann Cholmáin as representatives of the southern Uí Néill and the Cenél nEógain as representatives of the northern Uí Néill.
Máel Sechnaill became king of Mide and head of Clann Cholmáin after killing his brother Flann in 845, and king of Tara in 846 on the death of Niall Caille mac Áeda of the Cenél nEógain, who drowned in the Callan River close to Armagh. He had appeared in the Irish annals some years earlier, being noticed in 839, and again 841 as a result of fighting among the chiefs of Clann Cholmáin when he killed his cousin Diarmait, son of Conchobar mac Donnchada, when Diarmait had tried to depose Máel Sechnaill's father as king of Mide.
Prior to Máel Sechnaill's coming to power, the southern Uí Néill had been disunited, and until Niall Caille defeated Feidlimid mac Crimthainn, king of Munster, at Mag nÓchtair (County Kildare) in 841, the midlands had been repeatedly ravaged by the Munstermen. At the same time, Ireland was a target for Viking raids, although these appear to have been of minor significance. Niall Caille apparently inflicted a heavy defeat on the Norsemen in 845 at Mag Itha shortly before Máel Sechnaill became king of Mide. Late in 845 the Norse chieftain Thorgest or Turgesius, who had emulated Feidlimid mac Crimthainn by attacking Clonmacnoise and Clonfert, was captured by Máel Sechnaill, and drowned in Lough Owel.
King of All Ireland.
Máel Sechnaill's reign was portrayed in later sources as being frequently a matter of war with the Vikings and Norse-Gaels, thanks largely to works such as the "Cogadh Gaedhil re Gallaibh", a panegyric written for Muircheartach Ua Briain, great-grandson of Brian Boru. The annals tell of frequent battles between Máel Sechnaill and the Vikings, both when they were acting on their own and as allies to Cináed mac Conaing or Cerball mac Dúnlainge. But he was also on occasions allied to the Norse-Gaels. In 856 "[g]reat warfare between the heathens [the Norse or Danes] and Máel Sechnaill with the Norse-Irish" is reported by the Annals of Ulster.
Máel Sechnaill's real achievements were in Ulster and Munster. Shortly after killing Cináed with the aid of Tigernach mac Fócartai, Máel Sechnaill met with the king of Ulster, Matudán mac Muiredaig, and the chief cleric of Ulster, Diarmait, Abbot of Armagh. Here Máel Sechnaill was acknowledged as High King by the Ulstermen. This did not end the strife between the Uí Néill and the kings of Ulster as Armagh was raided by Máel Sechnaill in 852. However, Ulster provided troops for Máel Sechnaill, whose army is called "the men of Ireland" in 858.
The annals record expeditions to Munster to obtain tribute and hostages in 854, 856 and in 858, when his army killed several kings, wasted the land and marched south to the sea. Máel Sechnaill's attempts to obtain the submission to the Munster kings of the Eóganachta were obstructed by the ambitious king of Osraige in Leinster, Cerball mac Dúnlainge. Cerball, known to Icelanders' sagas as Kjarvalr Írakonungr, raided Munster and obtained allies and mercenaries from among the Norse and Norse-Gaels of southern Ireland. The Fragmentary Annals of Ireland, a combination of annals and history written in the 11th century for Donnchad mac Gilla Pátraic king of Osraige and Leinster, say that the expedition of 854 was led by Cerball on Máel Sechnaill's orders, although Máel Sechnaill himself appears also to have raided into Munster that year. It is reported that Cerball joined forces with Ivarr, a king of the "Dark foreigners": in 859, they challenged the power of Máel Sechnaill mac Máele Ruanaid. The Annals of Innisfallen are alone in reporting an expedition by Cerball with allies from Munster against Máel Sechnaill in 859, which is said to have reached as far north as Armagh. The Annals of Ulster, however, state that Cerball entered Mide with a great army, supported by Norse allies, Amlaíb and Ivar. A general assembly of kings and clerics in 859 at Rahugh in County Westmeath settled matters by detaching Osraige from Munster. Máel Gualae mac Donngaile of Munster and Cerball both consented to the change which was little loss to the Eóganachta who had rarely exercised any control over Osraige.
Máel Sechnaill's successes raised more opposition from his Uí Néill kinsmen than from subject kings or the Norse and Norse-Gaels, and the latter part of his reign was spent in conflict with the northern Uí Neill, led by Áed Findliath, son of Niall Caille. In 860 Máel Sechnaill led an army raised from Munster, Leinster and Connacht against the northern Uí Néill. The annals say that Áed Findliath and Flann mac Conaing, brother of Cináed, led a night attack on Máel Sechnaill's camp near Armagh which was beaten off with heavy loss to Áed and Flann. Further fighting between Áed and Máel Sechnaill is reported in 861, and again in 862.
Máel Sechnaill died peacefully on 27 November 862. His obituary in the Annals of Ulster states:Máel Sechnailll son of Máel Ruanaid, son of Donnchad, son of Domnall, son of Murchad of Mide, son of Diarmait the Harsh, son of Airmedach the One-eyed, son of Conall of the Sweet Voice, son of Suibne, son of Colmán the great, son of Diarmait the red, son of Fergus Wrymouth, king of all Ireland, died on the third feria, the second of the Kalends of December, in the 16th year of his reign.
The Fragmentary Annals quote a lament for Máel Sechnaill:There is much sorrow everywhere;&lt;br&gt;there is a great misfortune among the Irish.&lt;br&gt;Red wine has been spilled down the valley;&lt;br&gt;the only King of Ireland has been slain.
Máel Sechnaill's achievements did not outlast him, and Áed Finnliath was unable to maintain peace within the Uí Néill, nor to receive submission for Munster. Áed's incessant warfare with the Norse and Norse-Gaels, while militarily successful, produced unexpected consequences in the long term for the position of the northern Uí Néill. Power and influence in the 10th and 11th centuries rested increasingly with kings who, like Máel Sechnaill, could exploit the wealth of new trading towns and the forces of the Norse and the Norse-Gaels.
Máel Sechnaill's son Flann Sinna would later be King of Mide, High King of All Ireland.

</doc>
