<doc id="6931488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931488" title="James Sorensen">
James Sorensen

James Sorensen (born 18 July 1986) is an Australian former professional model and actor. He is best known for portraying Declan Napier in the soap opera "Neighbours". Sorensen served in the Australian Army in his early 20s. He completed his PhD in medical research in 2020 and his Doctorate of Medicine in 2022. He works as a medical doctor and medical researcher. 
Career.
From 2004 to 2010, Sorensen worked as an Australian actor and model.
During his final year at high school, Sorensen was cast in his first major role, "Hating Alison Ashley". He also appeared in various children's programmes and in 2005 played the lead role of Mike in the children's drama series "Blue Water High". He has also had guest roles in "Wicked Science" and "Satisfaction" and appeared in the short film "Physical Graffiti", which was filmed in Melbourne.
In 2007, Sorensen joined the main cast of the television soap opera "Neighbours" as Declan Napier, brother of Oliver Barnes (David Hoflin) and son of Rebecca Napier, (Jane Hall). On 30 January 2010, it was confirmed that Sorensen was departing "Neighbours", but his character would be recast as the producers were not yet ready to write him out of the show. It was later revealed that Sorensen quit "Neighbours" to join the Australian army, but he revealed in an interview that he would return to acting "at some point down the track". 
Sorensen joined the Australian Army School of Infantry, Special Forces Training Centre at the Lone Pine Barracks. However, he suffered an accident during exercises, which left him with two cracked vertebrae in his back. Unable to continue with training, Sorensen was left in "limbo" as his medical discharge was estimated to take 18 months. He told David Knox of TV Tonight that he decided to return home to Melbourne to continue his recovery.
In January 2011, Sorensen's former "Neighbours" co-star Jane Hall revealed that he had become a professional photographer. That same year, he joined the cast of television action miniseries "Conspiracy 365". Sorensen plays Jake, who helps to track fugitive Callum Ormond (Harrison Gilbertson). He also began working as a personal trainer while studying for a nursing diploma. He had plans to complete a masters degree in surgery with a view to working in Paramedicine.
Sorensen completed his PhD in medical research (Paediatric Oncology) at Victoria University and the Australian Institute for Musculoskeletal Science (AIMSS) in 2020 where he was awarded multiple awards including the Vice Chancellors PhD Scholarship, an AIMSS research grant and was nominated for Victorian Young Person of the Year for science and engineering. He also completed a Bachelor of Biomedical Science degree with Honours in 2015 at Victoria University. Sorensen completed his medical doctorate in 2022 and works as a doctor at The Alfred Hospital in Melbourne.
Personal life.
Sorensen is of Danish and Portuguese descent. He has a twin sister and a brother, who is six years younger. Sorensen is a keen photographer and also enjoys keeping fit by cycling. He has participated in The Great Victorian Bike Ride twice. Sorensen plays futsal in his spare time and also enjoys travel. He has been playing the piano since he was four years old.

</doc>
<doc id="6931491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931491" title="Supposed Junkie">
Supposed Junkie



</doc>
<doc id="6931492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931492" title="Lefty Scott">
Lefty Scott

Marshall "Lefty" Scott (July 15, 1915 – March 3, 1964) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1945. The 29-year-old rookie was a native of Roswell, New Mexico.
Scott is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on June 15, 1945 in a road game against the New York Giants at the Polo Grounds. His season and career totals include 8 games pitched, 2 starts, 0 complete games, a 0–2 record with 3 games finished, 11 earned runs allowed in 22 innings, and an ERA of 4.43.
Scott died from a fractured skull sustained in an industrial accident on March 3, 1964, at the age of 48 in Houston, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="6931495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931495" title="Supposed Infatuation Junkie">
Supposed Infatuation Junkie



</doc>
<doc id="6931497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931497" title="2001 Tokyo prefectural election">
2001 Tokyo prefectural election

Prefectural elections were held in Tokyo for the city's Metropolitan Assembly on June 24, 2001. The Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and New Komeito Party secured their positions as ruling parties. Japanese Communist Party (JCP) lost almost half its seats while Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) saw an increase by ten seats.
Results.
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;" |Parties
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Candidates
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Seats

</doc>
<doc id="6931501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931501" title="Kahwah">
Kahwah

Kahwah (also transliterated as qehwa, kehwa or kahwa) is the traditional preparation of green tea ("Camellia sinensis") widely consumed in India, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and some regions of Central Asia.
Preparation.
Kashmiri kahwah is made by boiling green tea leaves with local saffron, cinnamon, cardamom, ginger, cloves and occasionally Kashmiri roses. It is generally served with sugar or honey and crushed nuts, usually almonds or walnuts. Some varieties are made as a herbal infusion only—without the green tea leaves.
Traditionally, kahwah is prepared in a copper kettle known as a samovar. A samovar, which originates from Russia, consists of a fire container running as a central cavity, in which live coals are placed to keep the tea warm. Around the fire container there is a space for water to boil and the tea leaves and other ingredients are mixed with the water. Kahwah may also be made in normal pots and kettles, as modern day urban living may not always permit the use of elaborate samovars. Sometimes milk is added to the Kahwah, but this is generally given to the elderly or the sick. Kahwah is commonly served without milk.
Peshawari Qehwa (a variety of Kahwah found in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa) is traditionally made with Jasmine tea and green cardamom. It is famously served at chaikhanas (or tea houses) of Qissa Khwani Bazaar.
History.
While its exact origins are unclear, kahwa tea leaves are said to have come to Kashmir through the Spice Route, which Kashmir was a central point of. Many believe that it originated during the Kushan empire in the first and second century AD. The word Kahwe in Kashmiri means "sweetened tea", though the word also seems to be related to the Turkish word for coffee ("kahve") which in turn might be derived from the Arabic word "qahwah."
Traditionally, Kashmiris have always referred to kahwa as Mogul chai. Meaning this tea was introduced in the valley back then by the Mughal emperors. Historically, kahwah has been popular as a drink throughout Kashmir, Afghanistan, Central Asia, Iran and the Middle East. Even today, it remains a popular drink of choice in these regions.
Modern usage and popularity.
Today, this historically popular drink is usually served to guests or as part of a celebration dinner, and saffron ("kong") is added to the kahwah for special visitors in Kashmir. It is often served in tiny, shallow cups. Kehwa in Kashmir is also commonly served after Wazwan and elaborate family dinners. The green tea leaves are brought in from the neighbouring Kangra region which has been known to historically export green tea to Kashmir, Afghanistan and other parts of Central Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="6931505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931505" title="Motor City Resurrection">
Motor City Resurrection

Motor City Resurrection is an album by Finnish rock band The 69 Eyes, released in 1994. Although often listed as a studio album, it is a compilation of the band's early 7" singles and EPs. It even features a cover of Gimme Some Head, originally by the cult shock rocker GG Allin and MC5's Wayne Kramer. In 2007, the album was re-released on Cleopatra Records for distribution within the US. The re-released version includes additional cover songs and two original songs from previous singles, EPs, and tribute albums.
Track listing.
Bonus tracks
EPs.
"High Times-Low Life"
"Never Too Loud!!!"
"Deuce AKA Suck My Mick!"
"The 69 Eyes &amp; Backyard Babies: Supershow Split"
Tributes.
"Dictators Forever, Forever Dictators" (tribute to The Dictators)
"I Wanna Be a Stooges" (tribute to The Stooges)
"Stranded in the Doll's House" (tribute to the New York Dolls)

</doc>
<doc id="6931510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931510" title="Oflag II-E">
Oflag II-E



</doc>
<doc id="6931511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931511" title="Falkland sprat">
Falkland sprat

The Fueguian sprat or Falkland sprat ("Sprattus fuegensis") is a herring-like, marine fish in the family Clupeidae found in the subtropical southwest Atlantic Ocean from 40° S to Tierra del Fuego and the Falkland Islands. Its depth range is from the surface to 10 m, and its length is up to 18 cm.
The Fueguian sprat has a lower jaw slightly projecting, and a gill cover without bony radiating striae. The last two anal fin rays are not enlarged, and there are no dark spots on the flanks. The pterotic bulla is absent. It is a schooling species found in coastal waters, and a food item of hakes, sea birds and seals in Patagonian Falkland waters.
Coloration is dark blue dorsally and silvery white laterally and ventrally, and all fins are translucent. 

</doc>
<doc id="6931512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931512" title="Museo del Ghisallo">
Museo del Ghisallo

The Museo del Ghisallo is a bicycle museum located in Magreglio, Italy. The museum showcases a rich collection of cycling memorabilia, including bicycles, jerseys and artefacts from the history of cycling. Adjacent to the museum is the Madonna del Ghisallo chapel, which has long been a symbolic place for cyclists.
Items from famous riders like Fausto Coppi, Gino Bartali, Eddy Merckx, and Marco Pantani are displayed. It celebrates the sport’s evolution, highlighting historic races, technology advancements and the role of cycling in Italian culture.

</doc>
<doc id="6931514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931514" title="Faerieworlds">
Faerieworlds

Faerieworlds was an annual music and arts festival currently held annually in the U.S. state of Oregon. The festival's primary theme was the "realm of the faerie". As of 2015, the festival moved to Hornings Hideout near Portland after many recent festivals had been held at Mount Pisgah in the Howard Buford Park Recreation Area southeast of Eugene, Oregon. The 2015-2019 festivals were held at Horning's Hideout and 2020 saw a virtual event take place on the live stream platform PORTL. The 2021 date was cancelled due to the ongoing pandemic, and in 2022 resumed, taking place at the Cuthbert Theater in Eugene, Oregon. In 2023, all future events were cancelled and their LLC was legally dissolved due to under-performance and financial issues as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Events.
Faerieworlds was started by Emilio and Kelly Miller-Lopez of the musical group Woodland, and Robert Gould of the transmedia arts company Imaginosis. The festival features artists, authors, musicians and crafters whose work is connected to or inspired by folklore, specifically faerie lore.
Locations.
Faerieworlds Festivals have now taken place in Sedona and Prescott, Arizona, Santa Fe, New Mexico, Los Angeles, California, North Plains, Oregon, and from 2005 to 2008 at Secret House Winery in Veneta, Oregon. Faerieworlds 2009 was moved to Mount Pisgah to accommodate a larger number of daily attendees and to allow onsite camping to thousands of guests, and it was held there from 2010 to 2014. In 2014, the Lane County Board of Commissioners voted to not allow Faerieworlds, and another event, to use the Buford Park location in 2015. The result of this was a return of the festival to Hornings Hideout, an outdoor festival venue just west of Portland Oregon.
Performers and artists.
The festival main stage has included such acts as Donovan, Lindsey Stirling, Omnia, Wardruna, Faun, Rasputina, Solas, Woodland, Kíla, Johnny Cunningham, Susan McKeown, John Renbourn, Karan Casey, Gaia Consort, Frenchy and the Punk, Sharon Knight, Priscilla Hernandez and Qntal.
Artists and authors featured at Faerieworlds have included Brian Froud, Tony DiTerlizzi, Michael Hague, Wendy Froud, Jen Delyth, Terri Windling, Charles Vess, Charles De Lint and Amy Brown.
FaerieCon.
The creators of Faerieworlds also produce an event on the east coast called FaerieCon International, which first took place on the weekend of October 10–12, 2007–2008 in Philadelphia at the Pennsylvania Convention Center. FaerieCon moved to Baltimore in 2009 and took place at the Baltimore Marriott Hunt Valley Inn in 2009–2018, and the Sheraton Baltimore Waterfront Hotel in 2019. The 2020 event was canceled due to the ongoing pandemic. In February 2012 and 2013 FaerieCon West was held at the Renaissance Hotel in Seattle. FaerieCon West eventually was renamed Mythicworlds: Convention and Masquerades, which took place annually at the Seatac Doubletree Hilton in 2017 and 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="6931516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931516" title="Aramandi">
Aramandi



</doc>
<doc id="6931520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931520" title="Sprattus muelleri">
Sprattus muelleri



</doc>
<doc id="6931524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931524" title="Gigatonne">
Gigatonne



</doc>
<doc id="6931525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931525" title="Factoría Ford">
Factoría Ford



</doc>
<doc id="6931529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931529" title="Fred Shirley">
Fred Shirley

Revd Canon Frederick Joseph John Shirley, D.D., Ph.D., LL.B. (1890–1967) was an Anglican priest as well as being the headmaster of The King's School, Canterbury, a fee paying school, from 1935 to 1962.
He was educated St Edmund Hall, Oxford, and London. He married his wife in 1926 and their daughter became the first and, at the time, the only girl in the school.
When Shirley took over the Headmastership of the King's School, Canterbury, in 1935, bankruptcy was close: the school had debts of £40,000 - £60,000 and was making an annual loss of £6,000. He was at the same time appointed a Residentiary Canon of Canterbury Cathedral in whose precincts the School is situated.
When Shirley was appointed, he had been headmaster of Worksop College for fourteen years. Controversially, on being appointed to King's, he persuaded the parents of about 30 Worksop boys to send them with him to Canterbury. This move is sometimes called the "rape of Worksop" and it resulted in Shirley's suspension from the Headmasters' Conference.
Shirley was known to the boys as "Fred" and his normal form of address to them was "m'dear". One boy kept cigarettes in strictest secrecy in the breast pocket of his jacket. Shirley came up to him one day. "Keep 'em there, do you?" he murmured, tapping his breast pocket.
In 1936, Shirley persuaded the writer Somerset Maugham to visit and eventually to be a benefactor to the school. Maugham had savaged the school in "Of Human Bondage". Shirley persuaded him that all schools of the 1880s had been more or less as barbaric. Maugham's ashes are buried in the Cathedral Precincts.
Shirley manoeuvred against Dr Hewlett Johnson, the "Red Dean" who was "ex-officio" the Chairman of Governors. When the Dean put up a huge blue and white banner across the front of the Deanery which read "Christians Ban Nuclear Weapons", some of the boys by way of ripost, put up a banner on one of the school's buildings which read, "King's Ban Communists".
Fred had his detractors. However, to those who attracted his attention he was the epitome of kindness including ensuring that the fees of pupils whose fee paying parent or guardian died were met by the school. During the 1950s Kings achieved between a regular 18-20 Oxbridge Scholarships and Exhibitions. Most of his pupils considered him a leader of men.
With public examinations being set earlier and earlier, in 1952 Shirley founded King's Week as a means of keeping the school together. It is a remarkable festival of music, drama, exhibitions and other fringe activities, which is still an annual event.
Following Shirley's retirement in 1962, the school's Great Hall (which he had built) was renamed the Shirley Hall by Peter Newell, his successor as Headmaster. The building of the Great Hall was Fred's inspiration. There was no money. All of the pupils in the 1950s were required to sell a "brick" to parents and friends. They did. It was opened by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother. To the impertinent, it was known as "Fred's Shed".
Among his pupils were the former minister Tristan Garel-Jones and Margaret Thatcher’s adviser, Sir Charles Powell.

</doc>
<doc id="6931532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931532" title="Aruzan">
Aruzan



</doc>
<doc id="6931537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931537" title="Vincent Carlier">
Vincent Carlier

Vincent Carlier (born 20 December 1979) is a French former footballer who played as a defender.
Carlier spent time at the INF Clairefontaine academy, before moving to Guingamp.
Carlier played professionally in Ligue 2 for Angers SCO, Troyes AC and Nîmes Olympique and in the Segunda Liga for Desportivo Aves.

</doc>
<doc id="6931539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931539" title="Robert Förster">
Robert Förster

Robert Förster (born 27 January 1978) is a German former professional road racing cyclist. He specialized in bunch sprints.
He turned professional in 2001, initially riding for Team Nürnberger.
His career highlights have been wins in the final (Museo del Ghisallo–Milan) stage 21 of the Giro d'Italia 2006, and stage 15 (Motilla del Palancar – Ford factory, Almussafes) of the 2006 Vuelta.

</doc>
<doc id="6931541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931541" title="1970 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1970 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 1970 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 3, 1970 to select the governor of the state of South Carolina. John C. West, the Democratic nominee, won a close general election against Albert Watson, the Republican congressman from the 2nd congressional district.
"The New York Times" credited West's victory to his success among Black voters, "whites who were moderate on racial issues", and segments of the white working-class who supported George Wallace's 1968 presidential campaign but were disappointed with the state of the economy.
Central to the campaign was the issue of school integration: Watson ran a segregationist campaign and pledged to "stand up" to federal judicial orders to desegregate schools.
Primaries.
Both John Carl West and Albert Watson faced no opposition in their party's primaries which allowed both candidates to concentrate solely on the general election.
General election.
Campaign.
Watson's campaign was supported by President Richard Nixon and Senator Strom Thurmond. Watson's anti-integration campaign rhetoric is considered to have contributed to a white supremacist riot that targeted Black schoolchildren. Watson would defend the rioters, stating that "you can expect that to happen when you have frustrated people ... People get restless and then things occur."
The general election was held on November 3, 1970 and West was elected as the next governor of South Carolina. Turnout was even higher than the previous gubernatorial election because of the recent enfranchisement of Black voters and the controversial candidacy of Albert Watson.
Results.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6931546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931546" title="Road racing cyclist">
Road racing cyclist



</doc>
<doc id="6931554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931554" title="Dean Drive">
Dean Drive



</doc>
<doc id="6931556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931556" title="Balosar">
Balosar



</doc>
<doc id="6931559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931559" title="Chris Jarvis (children's TV)">
Chris Jarvis (children's TV)



</doc>
<doc id="6931563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931563" title="Luc Frieden">
Luc Frieden

Luc Frieden (; born 16 September 1963) is a Luxembourgish politician and lawyer serving as prime minister of Luxembourg since November 2023. A member of the Christian Social People's Party (CSV), he held numerous cabinet positions in the Luxembourgish government between 1998 and 2013, notably serving as the minister for the Treasury and Budget during the transition from the Franc to the Euro and as minister of Finance during the European debt crisis. Frieden was president of the Luxembourgish Chamber of Commerce and Eurochambres, the business federation of European Chambers of Commerce and Industry.
In early 2023, he was elected to be the lead candidate of the CSV for the general elections in October. He led his party to victory, slightly increasing its vote share and maintaining its 21 seats, while the incumbent Bettel II Government lost its majority due to the decline of The Greens. Consequently, on 9 October 2023, he was appointed by Grand Duke Henri to form a new coalition government, and succeeded Xavier Bettel as prime minister on 17 November where Bettel became the deputy prime minister and minister for Foreign Affairs.
Background and education.
Frieden completed high school at the Athénée de Luxembourg and received thereafter an international university education in France, the UK and the US. He graduated in business law from Université Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne. He obtained a master's degree in comparative law from Queens' College, Cambridge and a Master of Laws (LL.M.) from Harvard Law School.
Besides Luxembourgish, he speaks fluent English, German, French and has a good working knowledge of Dutch, his wife's native language.
Chamber of Deputies (1994–1998).
In 1994, Frieden was elected to the Chamber of Deputies of Luxembourg for the Christian Democrats (CSV - EPP), becoming, at the age of thirty, the then youngest member of the House. While in Parliament, he chaired the Finance Committee as well as the Constitutional Committee and was a leading figure in the process leading to the establishment of a constitutional court and of independent administrative courts in Luxembourg.
Minister (1998–2013).
In 1998, he became, at the age of 34, Minister of Justice in the Government led by prime minister Jean-Claude Juncker. He also served as Minister of the Treasury and Budget from 1998 to 2009, as Minister of Defence from 2004 to 2006 and Minister of Finance from 2009 to 2013.
In the capacity of Minister for the Treasury and Budget, Frieden was responsible for the successful introduction of the euro as replacement for the Luxembourgish franc. During the Luxembourg Presidency of the Council of the European Union in 2005, he chaired the European Council of Ministers of Justice and Home Affairs (JHA). As Minister of Finance he represented his country at the European Council of Ministers of Economic and Financial Affairs (ECOFIN) as well as at the Eurogroup and participated in the stabilisation of the Eurozone and the shaping of the European banking union. For 15 years, Frieden served as Governor of the World Bank and acted as chairman of the Board of Governors of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank Group in 2013.
Career in the private sector (2014–2023).
Frieden joined Deutsche Bank as Vice Chairman in September 2014. Based in London he advised the management board and senior management on strategic aspects related to international and European affairs. He also served as chairman of the supervisory board of Deutsche Bank Luxembourg. He left Deutsche Bank in early 2016.
Frieden has been a partner with the Luxembourgish law firm Elvinger Hoss Prussen since 2016. Between 2019 and 2023, he was also President of the Luxembourg Chamber of Commerce. In 2022, he also took over the Presidency of Eurochambres, the business federation of European Chambers of Commerce and Industry.
Premiership (2023–present).
Following his comeback to politics in 2023, Frieden announced that he would resign from all his professional activities. He was elected to be the lead candidate of the Luxembourg Christian Social People's Party (CSV) for the upcoming national general elections in October.
He led the Christian Democrats to victory in the election, with 29.21% of the vote and 21 seats in the Chamber of Deputies. As the Bettel II Government lost its majority, Frieden was invited by Grand Duke Henri to form a government on 9 October 2023. He led coalition talks between the CSV and the Democratic Party (DP), and succeeded Xavier Bettel as Prime Minister on 17 November 2023.
On 22 November 2023, Frieden presented his government's program for the parliamentary term in the Chamber of Deputies. The cutting of red tape, digitalisation and modernisation were the three main concepts that stood out throughout Frieden’s speech. His priorities include the massive recruitment of police officers and the development of video surveillance, the adoption of tax reform and an increased role for the private sector in healthcare.
Frieden's first external visit was to Olaf Scholz in Berlin on 8 January 2024, amid violent protests by German farmers. On 16 January 2024, news magazine Politico published an article where Frieden stated his intent to build a better relationship with Viktor Orbán and visit him, despite his opposition to the EU's support for Ukraine. This led to criticism, and Frieden stated he had been wrongly cited. ´
On 26 February 2024 Frieden travelled to Paris, where Emmanuel Macron was holding an emergency summit over the situation in Ukraine, as they had suffered the loss of Avdiivka. Czech Prime Minister Peter Fiala proposed to purchase 500,000 rounds of artillery ammunition for Volodymyr Zelensky's forces.
On 21 March 2024 at the Nuclear Energy Summit 2024 in Brussels, Frieden declared an openness for nuclear power, breaking a largely held national consensus. Luxembourg would not build a nuclear reactor and was still lobbying neighboring countries to close their reactors close to the Grand-Duchy, but he would not dictate other countries how to transition from fossil fuels. Frieden underlined that research of new nuclear technologies is important in his view. This stance was met with a flurry of criticism inside Luxembourg, ranging from environmental NGOs to nearly all parties. It was noted that Serge Wilmes, minister of environment and also member of Frieden's CSV confirmed the anti-nuclear position of Luxembourg on the same day. In the environmental commission of the Chamber of Deputies, Frieden explained his position on 27 March 2024, which was widely viewed as backpedaling from his statements in Brussels and criticized as uncoordinated and arbitrary.
Criticism.
In 2013, Luxembourg's investor-protection group ProtInvest sent a letter to European Commissioner for Internal Market Michel Barnier, in which it criticised Frieden’s decision to appoint his senior adviser Sarah Khabirpour to the board of the CSSF, the country’s financial regulator.
During the election campaign for the general elections in October 2023, LSAP politician Max Leners published an 80 page long pamphlet about Frieden's political past, criticizing deportations of minors under his rule as Minister of Justice, his views on labour laws, working hours and pensions as well as his implication in the tax rulings uncovered by the Luxleaks revelations.
Personal life.
Frieden married Dutch-born lawyer Marjolijne Droogleever Fortuyn, whom he met while studying at Cambridge, in 1992. They have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="6931565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931565" title="Chris Jarvis">
Chris Jarvis

Chris Jarvis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6931569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931569" title="Spine of scapula">
Spine of scapula

The spine of the scapula or scapular spine is a prominent plate of bone, which crosses obliquely the medial four-fifths of the scapula at its upper part, and separates the supra- from the infraspinatous fossa.
Structure.
It begins at the vertical (vertebral or medial) border by a smooth, triangular area over which the tendon of insertion of the lower part of the Trapezius glides. Gradually becoming more elevated, it ends in the acromion, which overhangs the shoulder-joint.
The spine is triangular, and flattened from above downward, its apex being directed toward the vertebral border.
Root.
The "root of the spine" of the scapula is the most medial part of the scapular spine. It is termed "triangular area of the spine of scapula", based on its triangular shape giving it distinguishable visible shape on x-ray images. The root of the spine is on a level with the tip of the spinous process of the third thoracic vertebra.
Function.
It presents two surfaces and three borders.
Of the three borders, the anterior is attached to the dorsal surface of the bone; the posterior, or crest of the spine, is broad, and presents two lips and an intervening rough interval.
The "lateral border", or base, the shortest of the three, is slightly concave; its edge, thick and round, is continuous above with the under surface of the acromion, below with the neck of the scapula. It forms the medial boundary of the great scapular notch, which serves to connect the supra- and infraspinatous fossae.

</doc>
<doc id="6931572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931572" title="Bunch sprints">
Bunch sprints



</doc>
<doc id="6931574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931574" title="Horace Hearne">
Horace Hearne

Sir Hector Horace Hearne (23 February 1892 – 31 December 1962) was an English barrister and judge.
Hearne was born in 1892, the son of Samuel Hearne and Edith ("née" Butterfield). He joined the Colonial Service as an Assistant District Commissioner, in Uganda in 1916. He later became a Senior Magistrate.
Career.
He was a Justice on the West African Court of Appeal (1954–1955), Chief Justice of Kenya (1951–1954), Chief Justice of Jamaica (1945-1950/1951), puisne judge, Ceylon (1937–1944), puisne judge, Tanganyika Territory (1934-1936/1937) and a non-practising barrister. He was called to the Bar by Lincoln's Inn on 24 June 1925, never practising as a barrister, although he first appeared in the Law List in 1926.
After holding the appointments of first class magistrate, district magistrate, senior magistrate and acting puisne judge, Hearne was appointed as a puisne judge (High Court judge), Tanganyika Territory (East Africa) in 1933/1934, where he acted as Chief Justice in 1935 and 1936. In 1936–1937, he was appointed a puisne judge in Ceylon, and sat in the Supreme Court in Colombo. He stayed there for most of the Second World War.
As a puisne judge of the Supreme Court of Ceylon, the judgments of Mr Justice Hearne were subject to at least two appeals to the Privy Council in London. The reported cases appear in the English law reports. They are: Abdul Hameed Sitti Kadija v De Saram [1946] AC 208 and Vander Poorten v Settlement Officer [1946] AC 271. The former case concerned construction of a will; the latter concerned the Waste Lands Ordinance, No 1 of 1897, ss 18, 20. The second case is probably of historical interest only; the first may conceivably still be a relevant authority (i.e. part of English caselaw). In the first case, Hearne J (as he is cited in the law reports) was one of the majority in the Supreme Court which made the decision which was appealed to the Privy Council. A fellow High Court Judge dissented; and the Privy Council upheld the dissenter, thus finding that Hearne J and his colleagues were in error. The second appeal was also allowed, another finding that Hearne and his colleagues had erred.
Mr Justice Hearne also heard the Nuwaraeliya Oct 16, 1943 by-election petition filed by James T. Rutnam against his then opponent M. Dingiri Banda. [Rutnam v M. Dingiri Banda, 1944, 45 New Law Reports] and ruled in favor of James T. Rutnam. As a result of this ruling, M.D. Banda (who subsequently became a Cabinet minister in the UNP regimes) was unseated. Mr Justice Hearnes's verdict was, on the election day 'I hold that there was gross intimidation, that it was widespread in the area where Mr. Rutnam had good reason to count upon heavy voting in his favour and that it may well have prevented a majority of electors from returning the candidate whom they preferred.' The results declared for the by-election showed, M.D. Banda polling 12,652 votes against James T. Rutnam's tally of 11,093 votes.
Hearne became Chief Justice and Keeper of the Records in Jamaica, British West Indies, and sat in the Supreme Court, Kingston between 1945 and 1950/1951.
Hearne was created a Knight in 1946, and was known thereafter as Sir Hector. Unlike a number of his fellow judges, he was never made King's (or Queen's) Counsel. He was an honorary judge in the Queen's Bench division.
In 1951, Hearne became Chief Justice in Kenya and sat in the Supreme Court, Nairobi.
Hearne was escorting the Princess Elizabeth to a dinner at the Tree Tops Safari Hotel in Kenya on the night her father, King George VI, died and she became Queen Elizabeth II. She returned immediately to the UK, escorted by Hearne.
He held the position of chief justice in Kenya until 1954 when he became an appeal justice of the West African Court of Appeal, a position he held between 1954 and 1955. He was Acting President of the West African Court of Appeal in 1958. His speciality was Roman Law. Horace's last entry in the Law List as a barrister was 1963.
Personal life.
He married Winifred Combridge (died 1959); they had two sons. He died on 31 December 1962 at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="6931577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931577" title="V557">
V557



</doc>
<doc id="6931578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931578" title="Hiram Abrams">
Hiram Abrams

Hiram Abrams (February 22, 1878 – November 15, 1926) was an early American movie mogul and one of the first presidents of Paramount Pictures. He was also the first managing director of United Artists.
Biography.
Hiram was born in Portland, Maine, the son of a Russian Jewish immigrant who became a real estate broker. Hiram Abrams left school at the age of sixteen, sold newspapers, and eventually ended up managing several Portland film theaters. By 1909, he began marketing films, and later became a distributor.
Paramount.
Through the motion picture industry, Abrams became acquainted with W. W. Hodkinson and when Hodkinson founded Paramount Pictures in 1914, Abrams began serving on the five-man board-of-directors. When Hodkinson denied Paramount partners Adolph Zukor and Jesse L. Lasky more of the profits, Zukor - in a Machiavellian plot - devised a coup.
Zukor and Lasky sold Hodkinson more of their film rights and, using that money, they purchased Paramount stock to, by 1916, gain a majority of it. Then with Abrams, James Steele and William Sherry, they used this majority to vote Hodkinson out. Abrams took over as president and Steele as treasurer.
In 1917, Abrams, while in Boston, organized a party for Fatty Arbuckle, Zukor, Lasky, and several others. Eventually, the party, sans Arbuckle, moved to Mishawum Manor, an inn of notorious reputation. Willing women appeared, and later a photographer. A few days later, it became evident the moguls had been caught in a badger game. Daniel H. Coakley, a notoriously crooked Boston lawyer, threatened arrest on moral charges. Studio lawyers were hastily summoned and eventually $100,000 was paid to have the charges dropped. It is likely this escapade cost Abrams his job, as Zukor fired him soon afterwards.
United Artists.
Abrams and his new partner, Ben Schulberg, convinced Mary Pickford, Douglas Fairbanks, Charles Chaplin, and D. W. Griffith to break with their studios and form an independent distributing company; the result was United Artists, set up on 5 February 1919. Abrams was appointed its managing director.
During the company's early years, there were serious problems. The United Artists could not produce a continuous flow of films for theaters and suffered serious distribution problems caused by competing firms. Schulberg walked away within two months. Roughly a year later, he sued Abrams, alleging Abrams had breached their partnership agreement. These distribution problems were not solved until Joseph Schenck, Abrams' successor, took over.
During Abrams' tenure, however, United Artists did release Griffith's "Way Down East" (1921) and Chaplin's "The Gold Rush" (1925). Both were enormously successful, becoming two of the top ten grossing films of the 1920s.
Abram's involvement in United Artists, and his life, ended in Manhattan on 15 November 1926, from a sudden cardiac incident, aged 48.

</doc>
<doc id="6931580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931580" title="Yang Shao-hou">
Yang Shao-hou



</doc>
<doc id="6931583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931583" title="RSS 2.0">
RSS 2.0



</doc>
<doc id="6931584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931584" title="2003 IAAF World Cross Country Championships">
2003 IAAF World Cross Country Championships

The 2003 IAAF World Cross Country Championships took place on March 29/30, 2003. The races were held at the L'Institut Équestre National in Avenches near Lausanne, Switzerland. Reports of the event were given in "The New York Times", in the Herald, and for the IAAF.
Complete results for senior men, for senior men's teams, for men's short race, for men's short race teams, for junior men, for junior men's teams, senior women, for senior women's teams, for women's short race, for women's short race teams, for junior women, for junior women's teams, medallists, and the results of British athletes who took part were published.
Doping.
There were several doping positives at the championships.
Participation.
According to an unofficial count, 605 athletes from 65 countries participated. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published. The announced athletes from the , from , , and did not show.

</doc>
<doc id="6931587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931587" title="Abercorris quarry">
Abercorris quarry

The Abercorris quarry (also known as Cwmodyn quarry) was a slate quarry worked between the mid-1840s and the early 1950s. It was located at Corris Uchaf about 5 miles north of Machynlleth, in Gwynedd, north-west Wales. The quarry was connected to the Corris Railway via the Upper Corris Tramway which carried its products to the Cambrian Railways at Machynlleth for distribution. It worked the Narrow Vein.
History.
The 1841 census shows that at least one slate miner was boarding at Craig-y-Fachddu Farm, though he may have been working one of the other local quarries. Quarrying started on land owned by the farm in the mid 1840s, and the 1851 census shows quarry agent John Parry living in the farmhouse. By 1861, two quarrymen's cottage were recorded, and these were known to be part of the Abercorris quarry complex.
The land occupied by the Abercorris quarry was leased to Thomas Green of London in 1863, who began quarrying operations. In 1874 amidst a boom in demand for slate, the Cwmodyn Slate &amp; Slab Quarry Company was formed, but demand slumped soon after and the company was sold at auction in 1878. Its new owner, J.W. Orchard began operations again by 1880 and in 1882 produce 4,173 tons of finished slate, worth £11,600 (equivalent of £ in 2019). In 1883 a new company called the Abercorris Slate and Slab Company Limited was established, with J.W. Orchard as one of its directors. The company failed in 1886 and was wound up in February 1887. Later in 1887 the company was involved in the important legal case "Levy vs Abercorris Slate and Slab Co (1887) 37 Ch D 260" over the legal meaning of a debenture.
A reconstituted Abercorris Slate &amp; Slab Quarry Company was begun in June 1890, again led by J.W. Orchard, and it re-opened the quarry with 40 men employed. This attempt proved a dismal failure and the company was liquidated in November 1891. In 1893, W. John Lewis and Arthur T. Carr restarted the quarry under the name the Abercorris Slate Quarry Company. This operation continued with limited success, and after the turn of the century it began to struggle. In 1909, the owners reached agreement with the owners of the nearby Ratgoed and Cymerau quarries to combine their output and sell it through a single agent. But in 1910 they produced just 310 tons of finished slate. The quarry closed at the outbreak of the First World War. Following the war the quarry was reopened in 1920 under the ownership of T.O. Williams and C. Humphries. By 1928 this latest attempt had been wound up.
There was another small scale attempt to work Abercorris in the mid-1930s, and it was sporadically worked by the owners of Braichgoch quarry in the early 1950s, but this was the last time that slate was quarried as a commercial venture.

</doc>
<doc id="6931592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931592" title="St-Tropez">
St-Tropez



</doc>
<doc id="6931600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931600" title="List of danionin species by common name">
List of danionin species by common name

Since 2004 many new danionins have been discovered which do not yet have scientific names and many other species, previously known only to the scientific community, have become available in aquarist shops. This has predictably led to total confusion as to the naming of some fish, with some species having up to five different common names in use and some common names being used for up to four different species.
All common names currently in use for danionins are listed below in alphabetical order. Click on the common name for the correct identity and further details of each fish. The suffix danio is almost always used for common names, although the suffix devario is sometimes in practice used for danionins in the genus "Devario".

</doc>
<doc id="6931601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931601" title="Karim Djellabi">
Karim Djellabi

Karim Djellabi (born 31 May 1983) is a French former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. Having been formed as a left-winger, he played mainly as left-back.
Personal life.
Karim Djellabi was born in Épinay-sur-Seine, in the northern suburbs of Paris. He holds both French and Algerian nationalities.
Career.
In summer 2015, Djellabi joined Clermont Foot on a two-year contract.

</doc>
<doc id="6931602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931602" title="Juan Valiente">
Juan Valiente

Juan Valiente (1505? – 1553) was an African-Spanish conquistador and encomendero. He participated in the expeditions of Pedro de Alvarado in present-day Guatemala and Peru and Pedro de Valdivia in Chile. Taken into captivity as a slave in Africa, he was transported to Mexico, where he was purchased by a Spaniard named Alonso Valiente, who returned with him to Spain. As a young man, Valiente negotiated a kind of lease, a permission to join a conquistador's expedition for the chance to earn profits and buy his freedom. He was rewarded for his efforts as a conquistador with an encomienda near the city of Concepción, Chile. There he lived until his death at the Battle of Tucapel.
Biography.
Valiente was born with another name in Western Africa. In 1505 he was enslaved and transported to Mexico. He was bought by Alonso Valiente, a Spanish colonist, who had him baptized as Catholic under the name Juan Valiente. When the senior Valiente returned to Spain, he took the young, enslaved Valiente with him as a servant.
In 1533, Valiente signed a contract with his master that, similar to those signed by other enslaved, would-be conquistadors, established a path to manumission. It allowed him to seek new chances as a conquistador and to return in four years with profits from the expedition to share with his master and use to buy his freedom. He sailed to Guatemala and, in 1534, he participated in Pedro de Alvarado's expedition to Peru. In 1535, Valiente joined Alvarado's expedition to Chile and, in 1540, he returned to Chile with Pedro de Valdivia.
Valiente helped found Santiago de Chile in 1541 and was compensated in 1546 with a land grant on the city's outskirts. Four years later, Pedro de Alvarado granted Valiente an encomienda. Valiente became one of five Africans in Chile to have been granted an encomienda. He married Juana de Valdivia, an African who had been formerly enslaved by the governor.
In Chile, Valiente made a certain fortune and could live freely. His master Alonso Valiente had not forgotten his business deal and wanted his money. Juan Valiente had tried to pay but, due to a corrupt official or middleman, he was unable to do so. After extending the payment period, the senior Valiente in 1541 sent a grandson to negotiate a purchase price with the still enslaved Valiente so he could become free. Alonso Valiente insisted on recovering his money, but it was too late; Juan Valiente had died in 1553 and was buried in Araucanía.

</doc>
<doc id="6931608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931608" title="Ste-Maxime">
Ste-Maxime



</doc>
<doc id="6931610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931610" title="The Pistol Star">
The Pistol Star



</doc>
<doc id="6931612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931612" title="Cyclops (novel)">
Cyclops (novel)



</doc>
<doc id="6931614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931614" title="X3 Reunion">
X3 Reunion



</doc>
<doc id="6931616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931616" title="Pistol star">
Pistol star



</doc>
<doc id="6931619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931619" title="Baltic sprat">
Baltic sprat



</doc>
<doc id="6931621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931621" title="Nepalese cuisine">
Nepalese cuisine

Nepali cuisine comprises a variety of cuisines based upon ethnicity, alluvial soil and climate relating to cultural diversity and geography of Nepal and neighboring regions of Sikkim and Gorkhaland. "Dal-bhat-tarkari" () is eaten throughout Nepal. "Dal" is a soup made of lentils and spices, "bhat" — usually rice but sometimes another grain — and a vegetable curry, "tarkari". Condiments are usually small amounts of spicy pickle ("achaar", अचार) which can be fresh or fermented, mainly of dried mustard greens (called "gundruk ko achar") and radish ("mula ko achar") and of which there are many varieties. Other accompaniments may be sliced lemon ("nibuwa") or lime ("kagati") with fresh green chilli () and a fried and also Islamic food items such as rice pudding, sewai, and biryani. (ढिंडो) is the national dish of Nepal, primarily made from flour of millet and is served with "achar" of "gundruk" 'dried spinach'. A typical example of Nepali cuisine is the Chaurasi Byanjan () set where bhat (rice) is served in a giant leaf platter (patravali) along with 84 different Nepali dishes each served on small plates. It is mostly fed during weddings and Pasni (rice feeding ceremony).
Momo is a Himalayan dumpling, filled with minced meat in a flour dough, given different shapes and then cooked by steaming. It is one of the most popular foods in Nepal and the regions of Sikkim, Darjeeling and Kalimpong in India where Nepali-speaking Indians have a presence. Momo were originally filled with buffalo meat but are now commonly filled with goat or chicken, as well as vegetarian preparations. Special foods such as "sel roti", "finni roti" and "patre" are eaten during festivals such as Tihar. "Sel roti" is a traditional Nepali homemade ring-shaped rice bread which is sweet to taste. Other foods have hybrid Tibetan and Indian influence.
Chow mein is a Nepali favorite in modern times based on Chinese-style stir-fried noodles. It is one of the most beloved everyday staple lunches in Nepali households.
Types.
Khas cuisine.
Dal-bhat-tarkari is the standard meal eaten twice daily traditionally by the Khas people. However, with land suitable for irrigated rice paddies in short supply, other grains supplement or even dominate. Wheat becomes unleavened flat bread ("roti" or "chapati"). Maize ("makai"), buckwheat ("fapar"), barley ("jau"), or millet ("kodo") become porridge-like ( or "ato"). "Tarkari" can be spinach and fresh greens ("sag"), fermented and dried greens ("gundruk" or "sinki"), white radish ("mula"), potatoes ("alu"), green beans ("simi"), tomatoes (), cauliflower ("kauli"), cabbage ("bandakopi"), pumpkin ("farsi"), etc.
The climate of the hilly region remains moderate throughout the year. This kind of climate is perfect for horticulture. Fruits traditionally grown in the hills include mandarin orange (), kaffir lime ("kagati"), lemon ("kaagati"), Asian pear ("nashpati"), and bayberry ("kaphal"), mangoes ("aanp"), apples (), peach ("aaru"), plum ("aalcha or aarubakhara"), apricot ("kurpani") . In some seasons there is an excess amount of these fruits produced. These excess fruits are often preserved or otherwise made use of in the form of alcohol, pickles, dried fruits and fruit juice. These alcohol are also serves in a different rituals of Newari culture.
Dahi (yogurt) and curried meat ("masu") or fish ("machha") are served as side dishes when available. Chicken ("kukhura") and fish are usually acceptable to all including the Khas Brahmin ("Bahun") caste. Observant Hindus never eat beef ("gai ko masu"). They also eschew buffalo and yak meat as being too cow-like. Domestic pork ("sungur ko masu") was traditionally only eaten by aadibasi, however wild boar ("bangur ko masu") was traditionally hunted and eaten by magars. A strain derived from wild boar is now raised in captivity and used for meat that is increasingly popular with Pahari ethnicities and castes that did not traditionally eat pork. They however eat wild boar ("bandel") as it is considered clean due to its forest habitat though they do not eat pork meat.
Himalayan cuisine.
Tibetan-influenced cuisine.
Himalayan cuisine is influenced culturally by Tibetan and closely related ethnic groups in the Himalaya and Trans-Himalaya. The Himalayan region is not fertile as compared to other regions. Moreover, the climate is cold throughout the year with heavy snowfalls. The food crops grown in this region are buckwheat, millet, naked barley, common beans, and high-altitude rice. Potatoes are another important staple crop and food. Substantial amounts of rice are imported from the lowlands.
Because of the cold temperature, people often prefer warm foods like soup, thukpa, tea and strong alcohols. Grains are made into alcoholic beverages (see below). Butter tea is made by mixing butter or ghyu (घ्यु)/ghee and salt into a strong brew of tea. This tea preparation is also commonly mixed with tsampa flour to make a kind of fast food, which is especially eaten while traveling.
The cattle raised in this region are yak, (yak and cow crossed), Himalayan goats, and sheep. People raise these animals for meat, milk, cheese, and dahi (yogurt).
Most of the Himalayan regions are hard to reach. There is no proper means of transportation because of higher altitudes and it is a considerable challenge to build good road transportation. Hence only rice and some condiments such as salt are imported from other regions by air transport or by using animals as their means of transportation.
People in this region eat (millet or barley cooked dough), potato curry, momo (dumplings), Jhol Momo, Mokthuk, yak or goat or sheep meat, milk, thukpa, laping or strong alcohol like (millet juice) for their regular diet. This region also imports rice from other regions. Daal-bhat-tarkari is a staple in the cuisine served to the Everest-bound tourists.
Thakali food.
Thakali food, a transitional cuisine between the Himalayan and lowland culinary traditions, is eaten by Thakali people living in the Thak-Khola Valley. This valley is an ancient and relatively easy trade route through the high Himalaya. This cuisine is also served in inns ("bhattis") run by Thakalis alongside other trade routes and in Pokhara and other towns in the hills of central Nepal, that were said to offer the best food and accommodations before the great proliferation of facilities catering to foreign trekkers.
Very few Thakali own their own yaks, so butter made from the yak milk is usually purchased at the market, along with other staples like rice, tea, lentils, sugar and spices. After butter is produced, a hard cheese called "chhurpi" is made with the buttermilk.
Thakali cuisine is less vegetarian than Pahari cuisine.
Yak and yak-cow hybrids locally known as "Jhopa" were consumed by the lower castes. All castes eat the meat of local sheep called "Bheda" and "Chyangra" or "Chiru" imported from Tibet. Meat is sliced into thin slices and dried on thin poles near the cooking fire. Blood sausage is also prepared and dried. Dried meat is added to vegetable curries or sauteed in ghee and dipped into "timur-ko-choup" which is a mixture of red chili powder, Sichuan pepper, salt and local herbs. This spice mixture also seasons new potatoes, or eggs which may be boiled, fried or made into omelets.
Thakali cuisine uses locally grown buckwheat, barley, millet and dal, as well as rice, maize and dal imported from lower regions to the south. Grain may be ground and boiled into a thick porridge that is eaten in place of rice with dal. A kind of dal is even made from dried, ground buckwheat leaves. Grain can be roasted or popped in hot sand (which is then sieved off) as a snack food. Thakalis also follow the Tibetan customs of preparing tsampa and tea with butter and salt. "Ghee" is used in this tea preparation and as a cooking oil otherwise.
Since most Thakali people were engaged in trade, they could import vegetables, fruits and eggs from lower regions. A large variety of vegetables were consumed daily, some—especially daikon radish and beetroot—dried and often prepared with mutton. Soup prepared from spinach known as "gyang-to" was served with a pinch of "timur-ko-choup". Apples were introduced following the arrival of foreign horticulturists and are now widely enjoyed.
Newa: Cuisine / नेवा: नसा.
Newars are an urbanized ethnic group originally living in the Kathmandu Valley, but now also in bazaar towns elsewhere in the world and Middle Hills. In the fertile Kathmandu and Pokhara valleys, local market farmers find growing produce more profitable than grain, especially now that cheap rice and other staples can be trucked in. Furthermore, Newar households have relatively high incomes and their culture emphasizes food and feasting.
Although daily Newar food practices consist mostly of components from the generic hill cuisine, during ritual, ceremonial and festive eating, Newar dishes can be much more varied than the generic Pahade/Pahari ones. Newari cuisine widely uses buffalo meat. For vegetarians, meat and dried fish can be replaced by fried tofu or cottage cheese. The cuisine has a wide range of fermented preparations, whereas Pahade/Pahari cuisine has beyond a few "aachar" condiments.
"Kwāti" (क्वाति soup of different beans), "kachilā" (कचिला spiced minced meat), "chhoylā" (छोयला water buffalo meat marinated in spices and grilled over the flames of dried wheat stalks), "pukālā" (पुकाला fried meat), "wo" (व: lentil cake), "paun kwā" (पाउँक्वा sour soup), "swan pukā" (स्वँपुका stuffed lungs), "syen" (स्येँ fried liver), "mye" (म्ये boiled and fried tongue), "sapu mhichā" (सःपू म्हिचा leaf tripe stuffed with bone marrow) and "sanyā khunā" (सन्या खुना jellied fish soup) are some of the popular festival foods.
Dessert consists of "dhau" (धौ yogurt), "sisābusā" (सिसाबुसा fruits) and "mari" (मरि sweets). There are "achaars" made with "aamli" fruit. "Thwon" (थ्वँ rice beer) and "aylā" (अयला local alcohol) are the common alcoholic liquors that Newars make at home.
Food is of great importance in Newari culture. Newari cuisine is one of the most delicious food with intense flavorings. There are dishes for every edible part of buffalo meat (cooked and uncooked) that includes intestine, stomach and brain. That's another reason why they are famous.
Lohorung cuisine.
Lohorung are indigenous to eastern Nepal. They have a variety of food in their cuisine made from local ingredients. Some of them are "Wachipa", "Wamik", "Masikdaam", "Sibring", "Sel roti", "Bawari", "Dhule Achar", "Saruwa", "Chamre", "Dibu", and so on.
Limbu cuisine.
The Limbu have unique ethnic foods including kinema (fermented soybeans), "yangben" (Reindeer Moss), bamboo shoot preparations, millet- or buckwheat-based bread, and Limbu Tongba (a traditional millet beer). Pork, chicken is eaten in some Eastern regions like Dharan.
Madhesi cuisine.
Food in the Madhesh Province south of Sivalik Hills refers to mirror cuisines such as Maithili cuisine in the east, Tharu cuisine in the west, and Bhojpuri cuisine in the center and near west of Madhesh province. Further west, there is Mughlai-influenced Awadhi cuisine—particularly eaten by the substantial Muslim population around Nepalganj bordering Madhesh region.
Madhesi diets can be more varied than in the Middle Hills because of greater variety of crops grown locally plus cash crops imported from cooler microclimates in nearby hill regions, as well as from other parts of Greater Nepal. Fruit commonly grown in the Madhesh include mango ("aap"), litchi, papaya ("armewa/mewa"), banana ("kera/kela/kola") and jackfruit ("katahar/katahal").
A typical Madhesi food set includes basmati rice with ghee (gheu), pigeon pea daal, tarkari (cooked variety of vegetable), tarua (battered raw vegetables known as taruwa/baruwa such as potato, brinjal/aubergine, chili, cauliflower etc. deep fried in the oil), papad/papadum, mango/lemon pickles and yogurt. For non-vegetable items, they consume mostly fish or goat curry. Traditionally there never used to be poultry items but nowadays, due to urbanization, poultry items are common, too.
Tharu cuisine.
Nepal has seven low elevation Inner Terai valleys enclosed by the Sivalik and Mahabharat ranges. Historically these valleys were extremely malarial and populated mainly by the Tharu who had genetic resistance. Since the valleys were isolated from one another, Tharu enclaves spoke different dialects and had different customs. They may have had different cuisines, although this has not been very well studied. Nevertheless, most Tharu historically obtained a varied diet through hunting and gathering as well as shifting agriculture and animal husbandry.
This contrasted with diets of Pahade/Pahari Hindus that were predominantly agricultural and used only a few sources of animal protein because of religious or caste prohibitions. In the 1950s, when Nepal opened its borders to foreigners and foreign aid missions, malaria suppression programs in the Inner Madhesh made it possible for people without genetic resistance to survive there. The Tharu faced an influx of people fleeing land and food deficits in the hills. Conversion of forest and grassland to cropland and prohibitions on hunting shifted the Tharu in the east and west away from land-based hunting and gathering, toward greater use of fish, freshwater crab, prawns and snails from rivers and ponds.
Tharu raise chickens and are reported to employ dogs to hunt rats in rice paddies and then roast them whole on sticks. Mutton may be obtained from nomadic hill people such as Kham Magar who take herds of sheep and goats up to sub-alpine pastures bordering the high Himalaya in summer, and down to Inner Madhesh valleys in winter. Increasing competition for land forces the Tharu people away from shifting cultivation toward sedentary agriculture, so the national custom of eating rice with lentils gains headway. The Tharu have unique ways of preparing these staples, such as rice and lentil dumplings called or and immature rice is used to make a kind of gruel, "maar".
Taro root is an important crop in the region. The leaves and roots are eaten. "Sidhara" is a mixture of taro root, dried fish and turmeric that is formed into cakes and dried for preservation. The cakes are broken up and cooked with radish, chili, garlic and other spices to accompany boiled rice. Snails are cleansed, boiled and spiced to make "ghonghi". Another short compendium of Tharu recipes includes roasted crab, wheat flatbread fried in mustard oil, and fried taro leaf cakes.
Sweets.
Nepal produces a variety of fruits (persimmons, apples, mangoes, tangerines, kiwis) and nuts that are featured in locally prepared sweets. Dessert is not a well-established concept in the Nepali cuisine and sweets made with milk, yogurt and cheese are often eaten for breakfast as standalone meals. Sometimes grated carrots are used instead of flour, or semolina, rice, corn or puffed lotus seeds. "Barfi" is made with some combination of lentils, fruits, flour and thickened milk.
"Halwa" is a sweetened semolina pudding with green cardamom, cashews, raisins and shredded coconut. Like other Nepali sweets, Nepali puddings are prepared using ghee. Dumplings called "lal mohan" are deep fried like fritters and soaked in cardamom-flavored sweet syrup.
At the festival of "Yomari Purnima" celebrated in December, to thank the goddess of grains Annapurna after the harvest, the Newar make sweet dumplings ("yomari") with rice flour filled with sesame seeds, and brown sugar or molasses. In the predominately Hindu country, sweet "peda" made with thickened milk () are offered to the Hindu gods.
Snacks.
Snacks include maize popped or parched called "khaja" (literally "eat and run"); beaten rice ("baji" or "chiura"), dry-roasted soybeans (, Nepali: भटमास), dried fruit candy ("lapsi"), and South Asian foods like the "samosa" and South Asian sweets. International snacks like biscuits (packaged cookies), potato chips and "wai wai" (Nepali: वाइ वाइ, instant noodles) are all coming into widespread use. Whereas, some youths in Nepal prefer western snacks as they are easy to get and less time-consuming.
Drinks.
Tea ("chiya") usually taken with milk and sugar, juice of sugarcane ("sarbat"), and buttermilk ("mahi") are common non-alcoholic drinks. Alcoholic drinks include "raksi", spirits made in rustic distilleries, and jaand/"jard", homemade beer made from rice. At higher elevations there is millet beer "Tongba, nigaar" and "chhyaang".
Western influence.
Western culture has influence in Nepali/Nepali cuisine. Western food like bread, cereals, bagels, pizzas, sandwiches, burgers, and pasta and drinks like Coke, Fanta, and Sprite are common in cities and places where there are a reasonable number of tourists. Middle-class families residing in cities consume these foods on a daily basis. One can find them in almost all the restaurants around cities.
Etiquette.
Although most homes and restaurants in cities have dining tables, meals in villages are often eaten seated on a tiny wooden seat (pira) or on chairs or benches. A large mound of "bhat", "dhindo" or a pile of "rotis" is served on a (a large brass plate) or a "khande thal" (a compartment plate). On the , the rice is surrounded by smaller mounds of prepared vegetables, fresh chutney or preserved pickles, and sometimes curd/yogurt, fish or meat. Separate glasses and bowls are instead used for different dishes, while serving on smaller plates or when serving to honoured guest or elders of the family. The most notable of this is the separate thals and bowls that are given to elders and honoured guests that are made of a separate metal alloy (). Although it is vague on the specifics to what can be quantified to be due to the change in the actual metallic composition of for the past few generations and there being no one standard. Thus, , bowls etc. can all vary in appearance from locality, era, craftsmanship, and more, however the sentiment still remains. On a "khande thal", there are separate small compartments for chutney and "tarkari" and other dishes.
Food is traditionally eaten with the right hand. Touching or eating food with the left hand, which is traditionally used for washing off after stool, is considered unhygienic, and taboo. The hands should be washed before eating, and the hand and mouth should be rinsed after. It is customary to wash one's lips after eating. The use of spoons, and more recently forks, is also increasing, and inquiring if one is available is acceptable. The washing of hands and mouth is not necessary, before or after, when eating with a spoon.
In Nepal, especially among the Brahmin and Chhetri castes, the purity of food and drinks is taken very seriously. Contact with saliva is almost universally considered to make food impure, which is considered to be "jutho" and may be seen as a sign of insult or grave ignorance. Acceptability of "jutho" food follows the traditional hierarchy of respect, where parents' "jutho" is acceptable to children but not vice-versa and so on. People of equal standing, like friends and spouses may also share "jutho", except among highly religious (where "jutho" is impure) or traditional people (where "jutho" is thought to transfer diseases, or husbands may be held superior to wives). In a similar vein, food touched by pets and other animals, or where an insect drops, are discarded and the containers thoroughly washed. Some exceptions may be made for animals traditionally thought pure, such as cows.

</doc>
<doc id="6931624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931624" title="Carbon respiration">
Carbon respiration

Carbon respiration (also referred to as carbon emissions and carbon releases) is the global release into the atmosphere of carbon through natural and artificial processes. It is used in combination with carbon fixation to gauge carbon flux (including CO2 flux) between atmospheric carbon and the global carbon cycle
Basic process.
Carbon is released to the atmosphere through the burning of fossil fuels, organic respiration, wood burning, and volcanic eruptions. The uptake of carbon from the atmosphere occurs through carbon dissolution into the oceans, Photosynthesis, and the consequent storing of carbon in various forms such as peat bogs, oil accumulation, and formation of minerals such as coal and copper. It also happens when carbohydrates are changed into carbon dioxide.
Carbon flux ratio.
The calculation of the annual net difference between carbon release and carbon storage constitutes the annual global atmospheric carbon accumulation rate. Using this method, the annual carbon flux ratio has been calculated to be approaching zero. This means the carbon respiration rate and carbon storage rate are in balance when generating a global estimate of this figure.
Annual net carbon flux has been grossly calculated to be close to zero, implying the carbon release and carbon fixation rates are roughly in balance worldwide. This finding is contradicted by measuring the concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, an important indication that the balance is tipped toward emissions. Using this data, atmospheric concentrations appear to have increased rapidly over the past 100 years and are currently higher than ever in human history, suggesting that more carbon is being released than can be absorbed on earth.

</doc>
<doc id="6931625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931625" title="Sprattus sprattus balticus">
Sprattus sprattus balticus



</doc>
<doc id="6931630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931630" title="MrBookmaker.com cycling team">
MrBookmaker.com cycling team



</doc>
<doc id="6931631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931631" title="Georgy Ushakov">
Georgy Ushakov

Georgy Alexeyevich Ushakov (; – 3 December 1963) was a Soviet explorer of the Arctic.
Ushakov broke new ground when he surveyed and explored Severnaya Zemlya, together with four other Arctic explorers, establishing that it was an archipelago. He was honoured by being named Doctor of Geographic Sciences in 1950.
Career.
In 1926, Ushakov founded the first Soviet settlement on Wrangel Island (today called Ushakovskoye) and was its head for three years. In 1930–1932, Ushakov headed the Severnaya Zemlya expedition and established a polar station called "Остров Домашний" (Domashniy Island).
In 1929 and 1930 icebreaker "Sedov" carried groups of scientists to Franz Josef Land and later to former Emperor Nicholas II Land, the last major piece of unsurveyed territory in the Soviet Arctic. In 1926 the Presidium of the Central Executive Committee of the USSR had renamed the still not fully explored land "Severnaya Zemlya" (Northern Land). This archipelago was completely mapped under Ushakov, together with geologist Nikolay Urvantsev, surveyor Sergei Zhuravlev and radio operator Vasily Khodov thoroughly surveyed Severnaya Zemlya during a 1930–1932 expedition to the archipelago. between 1930 and 1932. This voyage allowed to obliterate enormous "white spaces" on the Arctic map. Geographic features of the territory were named after communist organizations, events and personalities. About the bleakness of Severnaya Zemlya Ushakov wrote:
In 1935, Ushakov led the first Soviet high-latitude expedition on an icebreaker "Sadko". The cruises of the "Sadko" went farther north than most; in 1935 and 1936 the last unexplored areas in the northern Kara Sea were examined and the little Ushakov Island was discovered. In 1937 the ship was caught in the ice with two others and forced to winter in the Laptev Sea, adding valuable winter observations to the usual summer ones.
In 1932–1936, Georgy Ushakov was employed at the Chief Directorate of the Northern Sea Route (Главное Управление Северного Морского Пути).
Ushakov then worked at the Chief Directorate of Hydrometeorological Service of the USSR (1936–1940) and Soviet Academy of Sciences (1940–1958).
Ushakov died in Moscow, but was buried on Domashniy Island in Severnaya Zemlya.
Honours.
Mountains in the Antarctica, a spit and a cape on Wrangel Island, as well as a river on October Revolution Island bear Ushakov's name. But perhaps the greatest honor was that Ushakov Island, which was the last piece of undiscovered territory in the Russian Arctic, was named after him.
Medals.
Ushakov was awarded the Order of Lenin, the Order of the Red Banner of Labour, the Order of the Red Star, and a number of medals.

</doc>
<doc id="6931633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931633" title="Alfred, Ontario">
Alfred, Ontario



</doc>
<doc id="6931634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931634" title="Indiana State Road 526">
Indiana State Road 526

State Road 526 was a short north–south highway connecting the Purdue University Airport with State Road 126 in West Lafayette.
Route description.
State Road 526 ran along the approximate western boundary of the Purdue University campus. It was a child of, and intersected with, State Road 26. It began at the airport and ran north to State Street, the former SR 26. Continuing north, it was concurrent with McCormick Road; it passed Third Street, then veered to the northwest and terminated at State Road 126, which is also Cherry Lane. McCormick Road continues along the same line.
In conjunction with the 2013 bypass of Lafayette/West Lafayette carrying US 231, the SR 526 designation was removed.

</doc>
<doc id="6931635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931635" title="Barabel">
Barabel



</doc>
<doc id="6931638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931638" title="Tour of Denmark">
Tour of Denmark



</doc>
<doc id="6931640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931640" title="The Natural History of Selborne">
The Natural History of Selborne



</doc>
<doc id="6931641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931641" title="Bimm">
Bimm



</doc>
<doc id="6931644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931644" title="Bruno de Hezeta">
Bruno de Hezeta



</doc>
<doc id="6931646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931646" title="Les Bateaux Verts">
Les Bateaux Verts

Les Bateaux Verts is a ferry company operating a service between Saint-Tropez, Sainte-Maxime, Port Grimaud and Les Issambres.

</doc>
<doc id="6931649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931649" title="Tom Alexander (actor)">
Tom Alexander (actor)

Thomas Christopher Peter Alexander is a Greek-American writer, broadcaster/podcaster, composer, and voice actor. He is a member of the Screen Actors Guild.
Tom was the Executive Editor and Co-Founder of the sports satire website The Sportsman's Daily, founded in 2006. The site included articles and radio content. It ceased operations in 2017.
Career.
Since he was a young boy, Alexander worked as a ticket taker, concession stand worker, projectionist, and assistant manager at his family's movie theatre in Forty Fort, PA. When the theatre closed, he pursued radio as a career. His first full-time radio job was as a nighttime board operator and host of "The Movie Guy," a call-in show about the latest movies, at WARD-AM in Pittston, Pennsylvania beginning in August 1989. During this time he also honed his comedy writing skills on the "Daniels and Webster" radio show at WEZX in Scranton. In 1992 he took a job as copywriter and voiceover artist at WKRZ-FM in Wilkes-Barre.
In November 1996, he accepted a job as Head Writer/Musical Director of “The Drive” with Scott Kaplan and Sid Rosenberg, a nationally syndicated sports-comedy hybrid radio show broadcast from CBS Interactive (then CBS Sportsline) in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He wrote most of the show's sketches, voiced multiple characters, and wrote and performed the show's song parodies. He remained with the show for three years.
In 1999 he took the position of Creative Director at WAFN Radio in Miami.
In 2002, he formed Alexander Productions, where he focused on script writing for radio, TV, and film as well as voiceover work and musical imaging. In 2004, he co-hosted a baseball radio show called "Diamond Talk" with Marc James on WFLL in Miami. In 2005 and 2006 he was hired as the piano-playing sidekick to a talking beverage bottle in a series of popular TV and radio spots for Mike's Hard Lemonade. The commercials were produced in Miami, Austin, Mexico City, San Francisco, and the Playboy Mansion in Los Angeles.
In 2008, he co-wrote the frat-boy comedy "Stonerville", starring Patrick Cavanaugh, Brian Guest, Pauly Shore, Phil Morris, and Leslie Nielsen. The film went into production the following year and was released in January 2011. It was Nielsen's final screen appearance. Alexander appeared in the film as a British sophisticate and as “Robert De Niro’s cousin” Giuseppe.
He has written or co-written several screenplays including "Rehab in Vegas", and the sequel to "Stonerville".
In September 2012, he revived his Silver Microphone award-winning radio essay series "From the Bleachers" for Yahoo! Sports Radio.
In 2014, he began voicing the character of Blog, the neurotic head of a caveman family, in the English-language version of the animated comedy series "The Darwinners".
He is currently writing a book on his family's 80-year history in the cinema industry, which also touches on his personal memories in the business, called "Making Concessions: One Family's Life From the Other Side of the Silver Screen".
In 2019, he began work on the screenplay for a horror project entitled, "Zathina". The project was co-written with his son, Peter, who is set to direct the film in 2025. He also produces and hosts several podcasts with topics ranging from business and entertainment to music and sports. 
Music.
Alexander was interested in piano at an early age and took lessons beginning at age nine. He found formal music studies tedious and realized he was relying more on his ear. He soon quit formal studies. His father's youngest brother, Taki, a jazz pianist, was an early major influence, but Tom claims he is basically self-taught. After playing in rock and blues bands in high school and college, he discovered jazz, and in particular fusion and art rock. Being influenced especially by the music of Chick Corea, Herbie Hancock, Josef Zawinul, Pat Metheny, and John McLaughlin, Alexander began forming his own fusion groups by the mid 1980s and recorded several original compositions on public radio as well as performing them in live settings through the mid 1990s.
In 1993, he co-founded the fusion groups World Is and Marketplace with drummer and fellow broadcaster Andrew Morrell.
In 1995 he co-wrote the score for the motion picture "Philly Flash".
As Musical Director of the nationally syndicated “The Drive” radio show for CBS Interactive (1996–99), he wrote the show's theme song as well as countless song parodies. In 1999, he composed the theme for "Football Playbook" for Ion (then PAX) Television.
In 2001, he self-produced a solo piano CD called "What’s Ahead?" It was featured prominently during an interview on Weekend Edition Sunday with Liane Hansen on NPR Radio on Father's Day, June 17, of that year. On January 22, 2021, a 20th Anniversary Edition of "What's Ahead?" was released across multiple digital platforms.
In 2004, he produced the more fusion oriented "Flying Against the Time Zones".
In 2005 and 2006, he co-composed and performed much of the music on a series of television and radio ads for Mike's Hard Lemonade. He also wrote incidental music for the film "Stonerville" (2011).
Though his work is largely instrumental, he has composed several songs with lyrics including "Share Some Strength," "Mark the Time," "Make December Stay," "Sleigh in the Sky" and others, some of which have been performed by other artists including New York-based jazz pianist, John di Martino. 
He composes and performs with his fusion group, Earth Code, which he co-founded in the early 2000s with drummer, Tommy G. Lee. The band functions primarily as a trio with keyboards, drums and electric bass. The group has had several bassists over the years including Yngwie Malmsteen's touring bassist, Emilio Martinez. Guitarists often join the group in live performances and on recordings. Earth Code's first album, "Tones From the Middle Distance", was released on April 2, 2018. Earth Code's second album, "Idiom", was released on February 24, 2023. 
Beginning in 2023, he began performing a series of concerts with Grammy-nominated lute virtuoso, Vasilis Kostas. The duo performs as Echoes of Greece and describe the music as a fusion of original Greek traditional music, jazz, world and cinematic. 
"Quiescence: A Collection of Ballads", is a compilation album of primarily solo piano originals, and was released in November of 2023. "Quiescence Vol. 2: A Collection of Ballads" was released in February, 2024. His latest solo studio album, "Dreams In Blue" (Original Soundtrack Studio Recordings from the Films: The Centenarian, Walkin’ the Way &amp; The Last Weekend) released in October 2020. The music was composed entirely to accompany the films of his son, writer/director Peter Alexander. The album features Emilio Martinez on bass and guitar. Martinez also engineered and co-produced the recording with Alexander. Vocalist Kayla Smith appears on several tracks as well as vocalist/guitarist, Lucas Blando.
"Overbrook Avenue", primarily made up of original compositions, was released in December 2016. Alexander played piano and keyboards on the recording, and special guest John Fifield is featured on guitar. A solo project, "Cinemusique: A Tribute to 12 Great Film Directors" was released in December 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="6931650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931650" title="Bateaux verts">
Bateaux verts



</doc>
<doc id="6931656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931656" title="Jag skall aldrig lämna dig">
Jag skall aldrig lämna dig



</doc>
<doc id="6931658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931658" title="Jag ska aldrig lämna dej">
Jag ska aldrig lämna dej



</doc>
<doc id="6931660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931660" title="Blood Carver">
Blood Carver



</doc>
<doc id="6931665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931665" title="Jag skall aldrig lämna dej">
Jag skall aldrig lämna dej



</doc>
<doc id="6931670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931670" title="Batman - the Dark Knight">
Batman - the Dark Knight



</doc>
<doc id="6931673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931673" title="Divertimenti">
Divertimenti



</doc>
<doc id="6931675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931675" title="Indiana State Road 545">
Indiana State Road 545

State Road 545 is a discontinuous route consisting of a northern section and a southern section.
The southern section connects State Road 66 (SR 66) at the town of Troy to State Road 62 in Saint Meinrad. This section is very scenic, winding and narrow.
The northern section connects State Road 164 (SR 164) with State Road 56 (SR 56) in eastern Dubois County, passing the town of Dubois.
Route description.
Southern section.
From the southern terminus SR 545 heads north. Then SR 545 turns northeast towards Fulda. After Fulda, SR 545 heads northeast towards St. Meinrad.
Northern section.
From the southern terminus of the northern section SR 545 heads northeast, then back northwest towards Dubois. From Dubois SR 545 heads due north towards SR 56. This section of the highway is named for Indiana State Representative Dennis Heeke, who lobbied for the extension of the route from the town of Dubois south to SR 164.

</doc>
<doc id="6931678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931678" title="Elektric Band">
Elektric Band



</doc>
<doc id="6931679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931679" title="Jorge Mas Canosa">
Jorge Mas Canosa

Jorge Lincoln Mas Canosa (21 September 1939 – 24 November 1997) was a Cuban-American businessman who founded the Cuban American National Foundation and MasTec, a publicly traded company. Regarded within the United States as a powerful lobbyist on Cuban and anti-Castro political positions, he was labeled a "counterrevolutionary" by the Cuban Communist Party. 
Mas Canosa was the driving force behind the creation of both Radio Marti and TV Marti and was appointed chairman of the advisory panel by President Ronald Reagan. In the early 1960s, he was trained by the CIA for the Bay of Pigs Invasion and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the United States Army. Under his leadership, the Cuban-American national Foundation received criticism for its role in covert operations in Cuba."" 
In 1998, "The New York Times" published several articles on Mas Canosa's relationship with Luis Posada Carriles, a militant anti-communist Cuban exile.
Biography.
Jorge Mas Canosa was born and raised in Santiago de Cuba, Cuba on September 21, 1939. His father (Jorge Mas Santos) was the son of Antoni Mas Oliver (from Can Tranquil) and Catalina Carbonell Monjo (from Roqueta), Spanish immigrants from Maria de la Salut, in Majorca. At age fourteen, Mas was arrested for his role in an anti-Batista radio broadcast. Mas Canosa was sent by his father to the United States where he studied at a Presbyterian Junior College in Maxton, North Carolina. He returned to Cuba in 1959 a week after Castro seized power, and briefly attended law school at Oriente University. Not long after his return to Cuba, he was implicated in antigovernment activities by the Castro regime and arrested for plastering anti-Castro stickers on buildings. 
In 1960, he fled Cuba for the United States and settled in Miami, Florida, where he joined the Cuban exile force being trained by the Central Intelligence Agency to launch the April 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion. During the invasion, Mas Canosa's boat was held offshore during the invasion and after a short time in the United States Army, he left the army.
After the army, Mas Canosa held blue-collar jobs, washed dishes and delivered milk to support his family. In the early 1960s Mas Canosa was deeply involved with the CIA-backed group RECE (Cuban Representation in Exile), and, according to his brother Ricardo, its military arm, CORU (Commandos of the United Revolutionary Organizations), an alliance of twenty men of the most extreme anti-Castro groups run by dedicated militants such as Orlando Bosch, Luis Posada Carriles and Ignacio and Guillermo Novo. "The New York Times" reported that he devoted his time to the anti-Castro movement and raised money to obtain weapons and research locations in the Caribbean which could be used as a base for attacks on Cuba. In 1961, he married Irma Santos, his highschool sweetheart from Santiago. Mas Canosa also worked as a broadcaster at Radio Swan, a CIA anti Castro propaganda station, under the tutelage of David Atlee Phillips. Through his connections with RECE, Mas Canosa met Ignacio Iglesias and Hector Torres and joined their telephone cable company Iglesias &amp; Torres in 1968.
In 1971, he acquired the firm for $50,000 and translated the former name into the English form Church &amp; Tower. The organization would go on to become the foundation of a telecommunications empire and multinational corporation MasTec. Mr. Mas would become one of the wealthiest Hispanic businessmen in the United States, with a net worth of over $100 million at the time of his death. In 1981, Mas Canosa and Raul Masvidal established the non-profit Cuban American National Foundation (CANF). Throughout his leadership of the organization, Canosa and CANF held immense influence over the U.S policy with Cuba. Congressman Robert Torricelli credited Mas Canosa with aiding him in the design of the 1994 Cuban Democracy Act and the Helms-Burton Act.
During the Iran–Contra affair, the name Jorge Mas and four phone numbers (including Mas Canosa's private home line) were found in the notes of Oliver North. Mas Canosa suggested that Oliver North was referring to another Jorge Mas and denied ever providing money to North. Mas said he only met North once, in either late 1984 or early 1985, during a White House visit. However, North's notebook refers to a Jorge Mas a number of times. Mas Canosa's friend Félix Rodríguez confirmed at a Senate hearing in 1988 that he was given $50,000 from Mas Canosa to pass on to Oliver North. Throughout his life, Mas Canosa was involved in several highly publicized lawsuits and personal feuds. In 1986, Mr. Mas challenged City Commissioner Joe Carollo, to a duel on "a field of honor" at an undisclosed place in Central America. Mr. Carollo agreed, but only with water pistols. Later in 1990 a Dade County jury found that Mas Canosa had libeled his own brother, Ricardo, and ordered him to pay $900,000.
In 1996, Jorge Mas Canosa debated Ricardo Alarcón who at the time was the leader of the Cuban National Assembly of Popular Power. The debate was broadcast on CBS-TeleNoticias and both participants answered questions from journalists and responded to each other's comments. A question was posed to see if the two would support each other if a democratic election was held in Cuba. Mas Canosa responded in the affirmative:"Yes sir, if Mr. Alarcón won in a free and democratic election - one that allows political parties and access to mass communication - we would support him." Alarcón said no with his reasoning being "Because he's not Cuban." In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, Mas Canosa was asked if he has assimilated and responded: “I have never assimilated. I never intended to. I am a Cuban first. I live here only as an extension of Cuba. I live a Cuban life here. My friends, my social activities, they are all Cuban.”
Mas Canosa died in Miami on November 24, 1997, from lung cancer, compounded by pleurisy and renal failure. His funeral was attended by thousands of mourners and many prominent politicians such as Sen. Robert G. Torricelli who gave a eulogy.
Cuba.
Cuban American National Foundation.
In 1981, Mas Canosa, along with Raul Masvidal and Carlos Salman, established the Cuban American National Foundation (CANF), at the suggestion of Richard Allen, Ronald Reagan's National Security Advisor, and Mario Elgarresta, a member of Allen's staff. The group was founded as part of a broader strategy to sideline more moderate perspectives within the Cuban-American community, and to convert anti-Castro activism from a more militant to a more political strategy.
CANF was widely described during Mas Canosa's tenure as one of the most powerful ethnic lobbying organizations in the US, and used campaign contributions to advance its policy in Washington, DC. Carter administration officials believed that if not for Mas Canosa, the United States might have ended the Cuban embargo. Mas Canosa has received criticism from prominent journalists such as Christopher Hitchens who called Mas Canosa the caudillo of the Cuban-American National Foundation.
Relationship with Luis Posada Carriles.
CIA records from the National Security archive reveal that Mas Canosa paid Luis Posada Carriles, $5000 to cover the expenses of a demolition operation in Mexico. According to Luis Posada Carriles, in 1985, Mas Canosa financed Carrile's escape from a prison of maximum security in Venezuela, where he was imprisoned for being the intellectual author of the explosion of a Cuban airliner that resulted in the death of 73 civilians.
Business.
Iglesias &amp; Torres.
In 1969, Mas Canosa went into business with the owners of Iglesias y Torres, a floundering and overextended construction firm that constructed and serviced telephone networks in Puerto Rico. Renaming the company Church &amp; Tower, Mas Canosa obtained a $50,000 loan and became a part owner. Managing Miami operations, he used his growing reputation in the exile community to secure lines of credit and was ultimately able to optimize his workers' construction methods and increase the company's productivity. The company grew from South Miami to Ft. Lauderdale with $40 million in annual revenues in 1980. Church &amp; Tower became the basis for a telecommunications empire that made Mas Canosa one of the richest Hispanic businessmen in the United States; his net worth was estimated at more than $100 million when he died in 1997.
MasTec.
Following the incorporation of Mas Canosa's sons into the business became MasTec, Inc. in 1994 when Jorge Mas led a reverse acquisition by its former competitor, Burnup &amp; Sims. As of 2015, MasTec, Inc. (NYSE:MTZ) is a $4.2 billion revenue infrastructure construction company with approximately 15,900 employees and 470 locations. MasTec is a leader in six distinct business lines. Power Generation and Industrial renewable, Natural Gas and Oil Pipeline, Electrical Transmission, Wireless, Wireline Utility Services and DirecTV install to the home.
Media involvement.
Radio and television Martí.
In the early 1980s, Mas Canosa urged President Ronald Reagan to create a radio station aimed at broadcasting news into Cuba. After the station (named Radio Martí, after José Martí) was created, Reagan named Mas Canosa chair of the advisory board of the Office of Cuba Broadcasting, which advised the president on the operation of the station. Station employees later accused Mas Canosa of interfering with station content, including accusations that he had complained that the stations did not give enough coverage to his personal activities.
New Republic lawsuit.
Mas Canosa sued "The New Republic" for libel after a 1994 article in the magazine referred to him as a "mobster". The case settled out of court for $100,000, and the magazine issued an apology for the title which was chosen without participation of the author of the article Ann Louise Bardach. After the settlement, The New Republic still stands behind the article itself, stating that nothing in the article requires clarification, correction or apology as nothing in it has been proven false or libelous. 
Miami Herald feud.
Mas Canosa repeatedly feuded with the "Miami Herald", which he claimed had Cuban spies among its reporting staff. He accused the paper of fermenting "hate, disinformation and reckless disregard" of the Miami Cuban community. In 1992, after the Herald editorialized against the Torricelli Bill he supported, and the newspaper's Spanish-language "Nuevo Herald" wrote an editorial critical of him, he organized a boycott of the newspaper and posted advertisements on city buses which announced: "I don't believe "The Miami Herald"". David Lawrence Jr., the Herald's publisher, ran a lengthy column defending the paper under the headline "Please Mr. Mas, Be Fair." The Herald was inundated with bomb and death threats and some of its vending machines were smeared with excrement. After several months, a truce was called at a Miami luncheon where Mas Canosa mocked Lawrence's strained Spanish.
Legacy.
Jorge Mas Canosa Middle School.
He is the namesake for a middle school in Miami-Dade County, Florida, which opened in August 2007.
Freedom Tower.
In 1997, Mas Canosa purchased the Freedom Tower in Miami for $4.2 million.
Union Patriotica de Cuba.
In 2016, the leader of La Unión Patriótica de Cuba (UNPACU), José Daniel Ferrer. paid tribute to Mas Canosa, calling him "el segundo José Martí del exilo Cubano" (the second José Martí of the Cuban exile community.

</doc>
<doc id="6931681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931681" title="Selected Soul">
Selected Soul



</doc>
<doc id="6931688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931688" title="Baji (food)">
Baji (food)



</doc>
<doc id="6931692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931692" title="2006–07 DLF Cup">
2006–07 DLF Cup

The DLF Cup 2006–07 (named after sponsor DLF) was a triangular One Day International cricket tournament involving Australia, India, and West Indies. Australia defeated West Indies by 127 runs in the final to lift the trophy, winning three of their five games in the tournament.
Australian bowler Brett Lee was declared Player of the Series for his outstanding contribution with the ball.
All the games were played at the Kinrara Academy Oval in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia between 12 September and 24 September 2006.
Tournament Structure.
The sides played each other in a double round robin, meaning that each side play four matches, for a total of six matches. The top 2 teams at the end of the round-robin stage played each other in a one-off final, which was played on 24 September 2006.
Match summary.
1st match: Australia v West Indies.
Shane Watson's four wickets were a factor when West Indies went "a position of dominance to crash to a 78-run defeat" against an experimental Australian side, according to the BBC match report. Phil Jaques fell for a 10-ball two, bowled by Fidel Edwards, before Simon Katich put on a stand of 98 with Ricky Ponting. When both were dismissed by Ian Bradshaw, Michael Clarke entered to hit 81 off 79 balls, before the last four partnerships contributed 21 runs and sent Australia for 279 for nine.
Replying, Shivnarine Chanderpaul hit 92 with four sixes and ten fours, and shared an opening stand of 136 with Chris Gayle. In the 24th over, West Indies required 108 to win and had nine wickets in hand; from there on, four men were caught behind by Brad Haddin, and West Indies lost nine wickets for 29 runs. From Lara at No. 4 to Edwards at No. 11, the batsmen contributed 15 runs, Bravo making eight of those. The collapse was described by Cricinfo editor Dileep Pramachandran as one "that made a house of cards look sturdy."
Australia captain Ricky Ponting was fined his entire match fee after "showing dissent at an umpire's decision", his second such offense in five months, after Asad Rauf called a wide in the 33rd over of West Indies' innings.
2nd match: India v West Indies.
India won the toss, and chose to bat. Sachin Tendulkar, who played his first completed official international since March 2006, scored 141 not out, and put on stands with Rahul Dravid and Irfan Pathan to lead India to 200 for one. Pathan got out to Chris Gayle, and Jerome Taylor picked up three wickets, on a pitch where "grubbers...accounted for three of the batsmen". Match referee Chris Broad said that a small depression in the pitch had developed, and the organisers were forced to change their pitch rotation. India batted out their 50 overs, though, with Tendulkar hitting four sixes after he reached his hundred, and the fifth-wicket stand between him and Suresh Raina worth 58 runs.
When West Indies batted, they scored even quicker, helped by 26 extras conceded in 20 overs. Chris Gayle struck 45 from 35 deliveries before being caught behind off Munaf Patel, and Patel and Ajit Agarkar were the only Indian bowlers to concede less than seven an over. With West Indies' at 141 for two, requiring 170 to win in the next 30 overs, rain stopped play at 8:35pm local time, and the players never returned.
3rd match: Australia v India.
Australia batted first, with Shane Watson and Phil Jaques adding 64 in the first 10 overs. Watson fell for 79, having led Australia to 157 for four, and Michael Clarke scored his 64 at a much slower strike rate of 68. With no one below Clarke passing 20, Australia were bowled out for 244, Ajit Agarkar claiming two men caught behind and Munaf Patel taking three wickets in his ten overs. All batsmen were caught, save for Brad Haddin, who was run out.
The reply was interrupted twice by rain: India returned at 16 for nought in the fifth over, then lost five wickets in 18 balls, with Mitchell Johnson responsible for four of them in his seventh One-day International. The fifth was a run out. Then rain intervened again, and the game was called off as a no result.
4th match: Australia v West Indies.
West Indies beat Australia by 3 wickets to book a place in the DLF Cup final. Michael Hussey led the Australian team for the first time in the absence of Ricky Ponting. Australia batted first and scored 272/6 in 50 overs. Opener Matthew Hayden scored 49 runs from 77 balls while Hussey scored a brisk 109 off just 90 balls and Brad Haddin scored 70 runs off 77 balls. Hussey and Haddin added 165 together, a world record for the sixth wicket in ODIs.
Ian Bradshaw was the pick of the West Indies bowlers claiming 2 wickets for 35 runs.
West Indies chase got off to a slow start and they were 44/2 by the end of 12th over when Brian Lara walked to the crease. Chris Gayle and Brian Lara then put on a 151 run partnership at a rate of close to 7.8 runs per over and set the stage for the chase. Gayle scored 79 while Lara scored a match-winning 87 off 80 balls. Lara fell with West Indies still needing 31 off 9.4 overs. 3 quick wickets followed Lara's dismissal leaving West Indies at 255/7 in 43.4 overs. However Dwayne Bravo and Carlton Baugh played sensibly and guided West Indies to a 3 wicket win with 16 balls to spare. Australia's Stuart Clark finished with bowling figures of 7-0-87-0; his economy rate of 12.42 tied the then-record of Tapash Baisya for the worst economy rate ever in an ODI innings (with a qualification of at least five overs bowled); the record was surpassed in February 2012.
5th match: India v West Indies.
Rahul Dravid won the toss and decided to bat first. The decision soon backfired when Dwayne Smith removed Dravid in the very first over of the game. Sehwag's bad form continued as he dismissed for 1 by Smith leaving India at 6/2. When MS Dhoni fell, India were struggling at 69/5. Dwayne Bravo picked up the first four Indian wickets to fall. Harbhajan Singh and Sachin Tendulkar then put on an 87 run partnership. Harbhajan scored 37 while Sachin Tendulkar scored 65. India were eventually bowled out for 162 inside 40 overs.
West Indies got off to a decent start with the openers putting on a 44 runs stand. Wickets then fell regularly and West Indies were bowled out for 146. Agarkar, Munaf Patel and Sreesanth picked two wickets each, while Harbhajan Singh picked up three wickets towards the end. Harbhajan Singh was declared the Man of the Match for his contributions with the bat as well as the ball.
The next game between India and Australia would decide the team that would go through to the finals.
Final: Australia v West Indies.
Australia defeated West Indies by 127 runs to lift the DLF Cup. Ricky Ponting won the toss and decided to bat first. Shane Watson was the first wicket to fall for Australia. He scored 18. Skipper Ricky Ponting soon followed making 6, before Damien Martyn and Andrew Symonds scored 52 each. Michael Hussey hit a 24-ball 30 to take Australia to 240 in 50 overs. Ian Bradshaw was the pick of the West Indian bowlers with figures of two for 30 from his 10 overs.
West Indies had a horrible start to their innings losing Chris Gayle to the very first ball. Runako Morton made a 31-ball duck, the slowest ever duck in One Day Internationals. West Indies lost wickets at regular intervals and were 56 for six at one stage. Ramnaresh Sarwan and Dwayne Smith scored 30's while rest of the batsmen barring Shivnarine Chanderpaul got one-digit scores.
Brett Lee was declared Man of the Match for his four wickets.

</doc>
<doc id="6931693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931693" title="Indiana State Road 550">
Indiana State Road 550

State Road 550 exists in two portions. The western section is completely within Knox County and has a western terminus east of Emison at U.S. Route 41/U.S. Route 150 and runs southeasterly to the U.S. Route 50/US 150 concurrency in Wheatland. The eastern section terminates at both ends at US 150 in Martin County between Loogootee and Lacy.
Route description.
Western segment.
The western segment of SR 550 begins at an intersection with US 41/US 150. SR 550 heads southeast towards Wheatland passing through an intersection with State Road 67 in Bruceville. SR 550 enters Wheatland on the northwest side of town and heads towards its eastern terminus of this section at an intersection with US 50/US 150
Eastern segment.
The eastern section of SR 550 begins in Loogootee, east of the US 50/US 150/U.S. Route 231 intersection. SR 550 heads southeast then turning east. The eastern terminus of SR 550 is at an intersection with US 150.

</doc>
<doc id="6931696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931696" title="Fraser's Danio">
Fraser's Danio



</doc>
<doc id="6931699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931699" title="Marshal Por">
Marshal Por



</doc>
<doc id="6931703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931703" title="Bucareli Sound">
Bucareli Sound



</doc>
<doc id="6931707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931707" title="Rusland Pool">
Rusland Pool

Rusland Pool is a small stream or beck running through the administrative county of Cumbria. Before 1974, Rusland Pool was in Lancashire.
The source of Rusland Pool is to be found in Grizedale Forest Park, where several streams draining Monk Coniston Moor and Hawkshead Moor converge near Jack Gap Plantation (where Rusland Pool is known as Grizedale Beck). The beck then follows a southerly course through Grizedale Forest Park, flowing past the settlements of Grizedale and Satterthwaite (where it collects Farra Grain, becoming Force Back) and being joined by Ashes Beck at Rusland, taking its name from this settlement, before continuing its course through the Rusland Valley, before its waters join the estuarine River Leven at Pool Foot near Haverthwaite.
The name of the stream has not always been Rusland Pool - John Speed's 1610 map of Lancashire records the name as "Foße fl." (i.e. River Fosse - cf the tributary Force Beck). In 2007, otters were found to have returned to Rusland Pool after many years absence.

</doc>
<doc id="6931708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931708" title="Celegian">
Celegian



</doc>
<doc id="6931712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931712" title="People's Artist of the Georgian SSR">
People's Artist of the Georgian SSR



</doc>
<doc id="6931713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931713" title="Indiana State Road 662">
Indiana State Road 662

State Road 662 (SR 662) is a short east–west route that runs from Evansville toward Newburgh.
Route description.
The western terminus of SR 662 begins at an interchange with Interstate 69 (I-69). From its beginning point, SR 662 heads southeast toward Newburgh. The route is a four-lane surface street that has a mix of commercial, business and residential traffic.
History.
Formerly a route that passed through Newburgh, SR 662 connected State Road 66 east of Newburgh with I-69 east of Evansville. In recent years, however, the highway was decommissioned through Newburgh proper, and now has a routing of slightly more than a mile from what is now I-69 to Ellerbusch Road on the west side of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="6931715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931715" title="Robert D. Clark Honors College">
Robert D. Clark Honors College



</doc>
<doc id="6931721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931721" title="Minotaur rocket">
Minotaur rocket



</doc>
<doc id="6931723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931723" title="Chadra-Fan">
Chadra-Fan



</doc>
<doc id="6931725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931725" title="Chagrian">
Chagrian



</doc>
<doc id="6931732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931732" title="Chazrach">
Chazrach



</doc>
<doc id="6931735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931735" title="General education liceum">
General education liceum

A general education liceum (Polish: "Liceum ogólnokształcące" ) is an academic high school in the Polish educational system. They are attended by those who plan to further their academic education upon graduation from szkoła podstawowa (compulsory education) through a path other than Technikum or Vocational school (since it is impossible for one to be at the age of 18 or more upon graduation from szkola podstawowa, thus education is still mandatory for them; one has to pick one of the three).
Before graduating from liceum, students take a final exam called a "matura" (equivalent to the A-Level). It's a tradition for students of graduating grades and school staff to host and attend a prom called "studniówka" about a 100 days before the exams.
There are several types (ages of students in brackets):

</doc>
<doc id="6931737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931737" title="Bhashaposhini">
Bhashaposhini

Bhashaposhini is an Indian monthly magazine. It is one of the oldest Malayalam literary review magazines.
History and profile.
"Bhashaposhini" was first published in 1892 as a literary journal of the Bhashaposhini Sabha. The founding editor was Kandathil Varghese Mappillai. In 1895, it merged with another magazine "Vidyavinodini". However, after three years, in 1897, resumed as an independent journal again. It continued to be an important and authentic periodical until 1942. After a long break, in 1977 June, the magazine was revived by the Malayala Manorama group of publications. It is one of the significant Malayalam periodical that is published monthly.
Contributions include Kerala Varma Valiyakoyi Thampuran, Ulloor, Muloor S.Padmanabha Panicker, Kattakkayathil Cheriyan Mappilai and Moorkoth Kumaran.

</doc>
<doc id="6931738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931738" title="Indiana State Road 727">
Indiana State Road 727

Indiana State Road 727 (SR 727) is a very short east–west state highway in Indiana, lying entirely within Steuben County. The route is a spur off of SR 127 that serves Pokagon State Park. The western terminus of SR 727 is at the main entrance into Pokagon State Park and its eastern terminus is at SR 127 two miles south of SR 120, immediately northwest of the SR 127 interchange off of I-69.
Route description.
Starting from the main entrance into Pokagon State Park, SR 727 travels due east through a heavily forested area, which includes the Potawatomi Nature Preserve as well as two crossings of Pokagon's Trail 3. Curving to the southeast, SR 727's journey comes to an abrupt end upon arriving at its junction with SR 127. Less than southeast of this intersection, SR 127 meets I-69 at Exit 354.
History.
SR 727 was first authorized in 1934 between Ashley and Pleasant Lake, along Steuben county road 400W and 500S. During 1935 the Indiana State Highway Commission wanted to improve SR 727 to hard type of driving surface, so in August 1935 the state accepted a bid for $16,246 . The resurfacing was completed during 1936. The designation was extended west of Ashley to SR 327, south of Helmer, in 1940. In 1965 Indiana State Highway Commission truncated SR 727 in Ashley at its intersection with SR 4. The highway commission completed a major rerouting of SR 727 around 1968 when it was moved to its current location.

</doc>
<doc id="6931740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931740" title="Jean LeClerc (painter)">
Jean LeClerc (painter)

Jean LeClerc (; 1587/88 – buried 20 October 1633) was a 17th-century painter from the Duchy of Lorraine. His style was Baroque, or more specifically "tenebrist". Only six authenticated paintings remain of LeClerc’s work, but numerous etchings and engravings have survived.
LeClerc was born and died at Nancy. He studied with the Venetian master Carlo Saraceni. LeClerc is known for his mastery of nocturnal light effects, and the luminosity of his scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="6931741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931741" title="Boldog (village)">
Boldog (village)



</doc>
<doc id="6931752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931752" title="Vincent K. Snowbarger">
Vincent K. Snowbarger



</doc>
<doc id="6931755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931755" title="Vincent Snowbarger">
Vincent Snowbarger



</doc>
<doc id="6931757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931757" title="Master in Teaching">
Master in Teaching

A Master of Arts in Teaching (MAT) or Master of Science in Teaching (MST) is a professional master's degree that prepares an individual for primary or secondary teaching in a specific field of studies.
The degree is generally a pre-service degree that usually requires a minimum of 30 semester hours beyond the bachelor's degree. While the program often requires education classes in order to meet state license requirements, it emphasizes advanced coursework in a specific academic discipline to enhance one's knowledge in that subject area. Furthermore, it focuses on educating the candidate in practical teaching skills for use as a teacher as opposed to focusing on performing research in the educational field. Candidates usually spend a semester as a full time student teacher in order to earn the degree. There are two general models that (MAT or MST) degrees follow: a 5th year model, in which students spend one year extra beyond their bachelor's degree to earn a master's degree and an initial teaching license, or a "Flex" program, which usually offers part-time weekend and evening courses to accommodate professionals who are changing careers.
The Master of Arts/Science in Teaching degree is often advantageous to middle school and secondary school teachers because it allows them to focus on subject area knowledge in their undergraduate program and then acquire pedagogical skills in their graduate studies.
Although there is no set standard in determining whether a program is to be an MAT or MST, the difference between them can often be observed to MAT programs focusing more on enhancing knowledge of subject area with optional courses steered towards advanced coursework and content while MST programs in "more effective teaching methods" with optional courses towards better understanding and applying education pedagogy.
They differ from the Master of Education (M.Ed.) degree, which is usually designed for practicing teachers or those who desire to serve as counselors (school or otherwise) or as educational administrators.

</doc>
<doc id="6931758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931758" title="Pò͘-tē-hì">
Pò͘-tē-hì



</doc>
<doc id="6931759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931759" title="Diplomatarium Norvegicum">
Diplomatarium Norvegicum

Diplomatarium Norvegicum is a series of books containing the texts of documents and letters from Norway older than 1590, verbatim and in the original language. The series consists of 22 volumes, containing the texts of approximately 20,000 documents. 
The first volume was published in 1848 at the initiative of historian Christian C. A. Lange (1810–1861), who served as the national archivist of Norway ("Riksarkivar"). The work of transcribing the sources continued for over a hundred years until 1972. The oldest document is from approximately 1050, but the great mass of documents are from after 1300. The language in most of the letters is Old Norse, Old Norwegian, or Old Danish. Some letters, particularly connected with the Church or international correspondence are in Latin.
"Diplomatarium Norvegicum" (commonly abbreviated DN) is an indispensable source for historians of Norwegian medieval history from approximately 1300. The series has also been published as a searchable database on the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="6931760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931760" title="Ft. Meade">
Ft. Meade



</doc>
<doc id="6931764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931764" title="Indiana State Road 827">
Indiana State Road 827

State Road 827 (SR 827) is a northeast–southwest State Road located in Steuben County, Indiana, United States, in the northeastern part of the state. The highway runs from the City of Angola northeast to SR 120 in Fremont. The highway was formed in the 1930s, as an alternative for traffic between Toledo, Ohio and Angola. A section of roadway was authorized as SR 827, but later became part of SR 120. A small realignment project was completed in Angola during the 2000s.
Route description.
SR 827 starts in Angola at the corner of Wayne Street (SR 127) and Harcourt Road. It follows Harcourt Road east-southeasterly, over Indiana Northeastern Railroad track, until it reaches Williams Street. The highway follows Williams Street northeasterly until it leaves the City of Angola, where the Williams Street name ends. SR 827 roughly parallels the Indiana Northeastern Railroad on its way to Fremont. South of Fremont the state road passes below the Indiana Toll Road. SR 827 enters Fremont traveling on Wayne Street, crossing back over the Indiana Northeastern Railroad track. The state highway designation for SR 827 terminates at an intersection with Toledo Street (SR 120) where Wayne Street continues north, towards Michigan.
History.
The Indiana State Highway Commission proposed a state road following modern SR 827 in 1932, continuing north to Michigan east of Ray. SR 827 was commissioned in 1934 between Angola and Fremont. At this time SR 827 was authorized between Fremont and Michigan State Line, east of Fremont. In the same year the Tri-State Scenic Highway was founded, running between Toledo, Ohio and Angola via of Fremont. The Tri-State Scenic Highway was planned to relieve traffic on US 20 and in the state of Indiana it became part of the state road system as SR 827. Steuben County had purchased most right of way needed for the Tri-State Scenic Highway by mid-1935. When all right of way was secured the Indiana State Highway Commission was to take control of the Tri-State Scenic Highway. The state highway commission built the section of road east of Fremont in 1936. During 1939 the section of road that was authorized as SR 827, between Fremont and Michigan, became part of SR 120 as it was commissioned between Bristol and Michigan. The entire route of SR 827 was paved by 1962. In Angola, it was diverted over a recently completed bridge in 2005 so that it intersects SR 127 just north of Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="6931765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931765" title="Chistori">
Chistori



</doc>
<doc id="6931767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931767" title="Mando-bass">
Mando-bass



</doc>
<doc id="6931768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931768" title="Clawdite">
Clawdite



</doc>
<doc id="6931770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931770" title="Berecyntian Cybele">
Berecyntian Cybele



</doc>
<doc id="6931771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931771" title="Codru-Ji">
Codru-Ji



</doc>
<doc id="6931772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931772" title="Beniakovce">
Beniakovce

Beniakovce (; ) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of Slovakia.
It arose after 1877 by a merge of the municipalities Stredná Belža, Šándorova Belža and Vyšná Belža.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6931774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931774" title="Climbing (cycling)">
Climbing (cycling)



</doc>
<doc id="6931776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931776" title="Adam corrolla">
Adam corrolla



</doc>
<doc id="6931778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931778" title="Glan Conway Rural District">
Glan Conway Rural District

Glan Conway (an anglicisation of the Welsh "Glan Conwy") was an area in the administrative county of Denbighshire which was administered by the Conway Rural District in the neighbouring county of Caernarvonshire.
It consisted of two civil parishes formerly in the Conway Rural Sanitary District: Llanelian-yn-Rhos and Llansantffraid Glan Conwy.
This arrangement made sense as the parishes provided a connection between the main part of the Conway Rural District and the parish of Llysfaen, which was a detached exclave of Caernarvonshire. In 1923 Llysfaen was transferred to Denbighshire to become part of Colwyn Bay and Colwyn Urban District. Glan Conway remained under the aegis of Conway Rural District Council until 1935, when a general reorganisation of rural districts in Denbighshire under a County Review Order annexed the two parishes to Aled Rural District.
The name Glan Conway was not used consistently: in some census reports it was called "Unnamed Rural District". The two parishes, Llansantffraid and Llanelian were represented by two members and one member respectively on the Conway RDC. The Conway RDC maintained separate accounts for each District and the Glan Conway RDC was also dealt with quite separately for other purposes, such as rating and health reports.
Sources.
Denbighshire Administrative County (Vision of Britain)

</doc>
<doc id="6931779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931779" title="Hot Poop">
Hot Poop



</doc>
<doc id="6931780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931780" title="Coway">
Coway



</doc>
<doc id="6931784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931784" title="Indiana State Road 912">
Indiana State Road 912

State Road 912 (SR 912), known along its entire length as Cline Avenue, is a freeway north of the combined Interstate 80/I-94/U.S. Route 6 (I-80/I-94/US 6, Borman Expressway), and a local access road serving Griffith south of the Borman. The portion of Cline Avenue marked as SR 912 is long.
On April 15, 1982, part of a ramp under construction collapsed during concrete pouring operations near the Indiana Harbor and Ship Canal, killing fourteen highway workers and injuring eighteen more. In 1987, the state designated the route between US 12 and the Indiana Toll Road as the Highway Construction Workers Memorial Highway.
From December 28, 2009, to December 23, 2020, the Indiana Department of Transportation (INDOT) closed the elevated bridge portion of Cline Avenue between Calumet and Michigan Avenues, a distance of nearly . Corrosion had severely weakened most elements of the bridge, including the bridge piers, concrete, beams and cables. The bridge was demolished and replaced with a toll crossing. Similar cases of corrosion have been identified in other bridges across the country.
Route description.
The freeway runs east from exit 3 of the Indiana Toll Road and then meeting US 41 after that. At this point, the road then crosses a toll bridge above the Indiana Harbor and Ship Canal. After crossing the bridge, the portion ahead serves several of the steel mills (many now owned by Cleveland-Cliffs) and the casino in East Chicago. It also serves the Gary/Chicago International Airport. Continuing south, it then meets the Indiana Toll Road for the second time, this time at exit 10 of the Toll Road. The north–south portion between US 20 and the Borman Expressway (I-80/I-94/US 6) and follows the border between Gary and Hammond, Indiana.
South of the Borman Expressway, Cline Avenue downgrades into a four-lane divided highway. SR 912 extends south to Ridge Road (Business US 6).
History.
Before the construction of the expressway, portions of Truck Route 912 were on Kennedy Avenue. Some of new freeway from the Toll Road to Chicago Avenue was constructed at a cost of $250 million (1982, $551 million in 2008).
Ramp collapse.
On April 15, 1982, 14 workers were killed and 18 injured when falsework beneath a ramp failed during a concrete pour. At 10:40 a.m., Unit 4 (one of the bridge sections), collapsed, destroying the scaffold stairway and stranding workers on the remaining sections above. Workers on Unit 4 were crushed to death when the section flipped and landed upside-down while descending due to tension in the cables.
Surviving construction workers brought in a cherry picker to rescue the remaining workers stranded on the ramp, but five minutes after the initial collapse, Unit 5, the neighboring section, also collapsed. Twelve workers in total were killed instantly; a 13th died two weeks after the collapse, and the 14th worker died of injuries suffered during the collapse two years later. The accident remains Indiana's deadliest industrial or construction accident.
Investigators from the National Bureau of Standards for the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) discovered several errors that caused the collapse of the bridge section. The most likely cause of the collapse was "the cracking of a concrete pad supporting a leg of the shoring towers". The failure of the concrete pad, built too thinly, led to another finding; bolts that were supposed to connect key stringers to cross-beams instead were replaced with frictional clips, but investigators did not find any documentation that supported this substitution. Investigators could not locate any engineering calculations supporting the pads as designed; worse, the pads were built substandard to the undocumented design.
Lawsuits against companies involved in building the ramp were settled out of court, as no single party could be found to explain the discrepancies. The bridge finally opened in 1986. In 1987, the state designated the route between US 12 and the Indiana Toll Road as the "Highway Construction Workers Memorial Highway," in their memory.
Sniper investigation.
During the middle of 2006, numerous drivers reported possible attacks by a sniper on the eastern portion of Cline Avenue. Drivers reported having their windows and windshields shattered by unknown projectiles. Investigators, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation, suspected an assailant armed with a slingshot or a BB gun was shooting out windows. Others suspected the broken windows were due to flying gravel and abnormally warm temperatures. The shootings were not related to an earlier July 25 shooting death of a motorist on I-65 south of Indianapolis. No arrests were ever made in the case, and the shootings ended around the beginning of the school year.
Bridge closure and replacement.
On November 13, 2009, the Indiana Department of Transportation (INDOT) closed the bridge portion over the Indiana Harbor and Ship Canal (the portions of the road between exits 1 and 5A) to all traffic after consultants released details of an inspection on the bridge, citing safety concerns equivalent to the August 2007 I-35W bridge collapse in Minneapolis.
The bridge was originally supposed to be replaced within three years, but then INDOT claimed the $90 million expense for a new bridge for 30,000 vehicles per day was not justifiable. Instead, INDOT focused on upgrading the roadways being used as a detour around the bridge to handle the added traffic. On April 15, 2010, INDOT announced its plan to demolish the bridge and reroute traffic via Riley and Dickey roads.
On November 2, 2010, INDOT reopened the westbound lanes of SR 912 from Riley Road to the Indiana Toll Road, while awaiting results of an environmental impact study to determine if the eastbound lanes should be reopened. While the ramp from westbound Riley Road to SR 912 reopened, crews demolished the eastbound ramp from SR 912 to Riley Road as it was found to be structurally unsound.
Demolition of the bridge continued into 2012 and was completed in January 2013. The span over the Indiana Harbor Ship Channel was removed by conventional demolition methods, while the spans over land were removed with explosives. On January 8, 2013, the bridge demolition was completed.
On March 30, 2015, a vehicle was following outdated GPS data and apparently drove around multiple warning signs and barriers, driving off the closed bridge and resulting in the death of the vehicle's passenger.
Discussion on replacing the span continued, and in 2012, INDOT agreed to replace the span with a private toll bridge. The state sought a private partnership in a joint venture with United Bridge Partners who is joined by FIGG Bridge Companies, Lane Construction Corp. and American Infrastructure MLP funds. Construction of the bridge was expected to begin in early 2014 and take approximately 2 years to complete. The cost of the bridge is expected to be $150–250 million to complete depending on whether steel beams from the original structure can be reused. The FIGG Group, having won awards for its bridge designs, will be incorporating unique design features into the new bridge, including LED lighting on the concrete piers, making it a gateway attraction. Toll schedules are not yet set but are expected to be anywhere from $2.50 to $3.50 for cars.
However, the project's groundbreaking construction occurred in June 2017 instead of 2014. Not only that, The Figg Group later revised the bridge's completion year to 2019.
On April 16, 2020, the bridge construction was almost done but Randy Palmateer, business manager for Northwestern Indiana Building and Construction Trades Council said, "The job is shut down." This shutdown is caused by management issues, and the end of the project was delayed until further notice. The FIGG Bridge group did not respond to the workers that were being laid off and the temporary cancellation of the bridge construction.
As a result of management issues, the owner of the bridge, Cline Avenue Bridge LLC, had cut ties with FIGG Bridge Builders.
The bridge owners took legal action against the Great American Insurance Group for $105 million in August 2020.
On December 23, 2020, a two-lane toll bridge reopened to traffic. The bridge was initially free until January 31, 2021. After that, toll collections began at a discount; regular price was implemented starting in the beginning of March.

</doc>
<doc id="6931790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931790" title="Dandilion Warrior">
Dandilion Warrior



</doc>
<doc id="6931791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931791" title="Bidovce">
Bidovce

Bidovce is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of Slovakia.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6931792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931792" title="Big Tours">
Big Tours



</doc>
<doc id="6931795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931795" title="Idayar">
Idayar



</doc>
<doc id="6931796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931796" title="Hypothalamic-hypophyseal portal system">
Hypothalamic-hypophyseal portal system



</doc>
<doc id="6931798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931798" title="Virginia State Route 73">
Virginia State Route 73



</doc>
<doc id="6931804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931804" title="Dashade">
Dashade



</doc>
<doc id="6931813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931813" title="Indiana State Road 930">
Indiana State Road 930

State Road 930 (SR 930) is an Indiana State Road that runs between Fort Wayne and New Haven in the US state of Indiana. The of SR 930 serve as a connection with U.S. Route 30 (US 30) through these two cities between the beginning of the concurrency with Interstate 69 (I-69) in Fort Wayne and the end of its concurrency with I-469 in New Haven. Various sections are urban two-lane highway, urbanized four-lane divided highway, and urbanized six-lane divided highway. The highway passes through industrial and commercial properties. SR 930 was designated in 1998, and replaced segments of US 30 in Fort Wayne and New Haven that were formerly part of the Lincoln Highway in the 1920s, as well as Coliseum Boulevard, which was designated as part of US 30 in the 1950s.
Route description.
SR 930's western terminus is at an interchange with I-69, US 24, US 30, and US 33. The highway heads southeast on Goshen Road from the interchange towards Coliseum Boulevard as a six-lane divided highway, passing between commercial properties and woodland. The route turns east onto Coliseum Boulevard as a four-lane undivided road with a center turn lane, passing through commercial and industrial properties. The highway has an at-grade railroad crossing with a single-track rail line. After the railroad crossing, the road widens to a six-lane undivided highway at Sherman Boulevard. The route then has an intersection with US 27, and continues passing through commercial properties.
After US 27, the highway passes by Glenbrook Square and beings to turns southeast at Clinton Street. After a stoplight at Parnell Avenue, the road passes by the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum. Then, the road crosses the St. Joseph River and has a traffic light at North Anthony Boulevard. The highway passes between the Purdue University Fort Wayne (PFW) and Ivy Tech Community College campuses, before coming to a traffic light at Crescent Avenue. East of Crescent Avenue, the road becomes a four-lane divided highway and enters mainly residential areas of town until the route begins to curve due south toward an intersection with Vance Avenue. After this turn, the route becomes a six-lane divided highway and passes through mainly commercial properties with some woodland.
The highway has a traffic light at East State Boulevard and Lake Avenue, before narrowing back to a four-lane divided highway. The road crosses over the Maumee River and the Norfolk Southern Railroad tracks, in a mainly wooded area with some industrial properties. After the railroad tracks, SR 930 leaves Coliseum Boulevard at an interchange with Washington Boulevard. The highway heads east-southeast toward New Haven as a four-lane divided highway, passing through commercial properties. The road crosses over another set of Norfolk Southern railroad tracks and turns due east at New Haven Avenue.
After New Haven Avenue, the highway enters the commercial area of New Haven as a four-lane highway with a center turn lane. The route has a traffic light at Lincoln Highway, and SR 930 heads southeast, bypassing downtown New Haven. Southeast of Lincoln Highway, SR 930 is a two-lane highway passing through a mix of commercial and residential properties. The road becomes a four-lane divided highway at Minnich Road, just west of the I-469. The eastern terminus of SR 930 is at I-469, where US 30's concurrency with I-469 ends, and US 30 continues east along the same road where SR 930 ends.
As of 2020, no part of SR 930 is included as a part of the NHS. SR 930 is maintained by the Indiana Department of Transportation (INDOT), like all other state roads in the state. The department tracks the traffic volumes along all state highways as a part of its maintenance responsibilities using a metric called average annual daily traffic (AADT), a calculation of the traffic level along a segment of roadway for any average day of the year. In 2024, the lowest traffic levels were 11,078 total vehicles between Green Road and Minnich Road in New Haven. The peak traffic volumes were 47,671 total vehicles between Parnell Avenue and Anthony Boulevard in Fort Wayne.
History.
In 1913, the Lincoln Highway was planned to pass through some of the areas that later became SR 930. These sections include the segment of Goshen Road in Fort Wayne now used by SR 930, and the section of what is now SR 930 between Maumee Road and Lincoln Highway in New Haven. The Lincoln Highway was opened in 1915 and passed through downtown Fort Wayne and New Haven. In 1917, Main Market route number 2 was the given number to the Lincoln Highway in Indiana. In 1926, US 30 was commissioned to follow SR 2 through Fort Wayne and New Haven. In addition, US 24 was concurrent with US 30 from Washington Boulevard in Fort Wayne and Lincoln Highway in New Haven. In 1948, sections of what would become Coliseum Boulevard were built between US 30/33 (Goshen Road) and Indiana SR 1/427 (Clinton Street) and certified as Indiana SR 324. The rest of Coliseum Boulevard was completed by 1956. In 1957, Coliseum Boulevard received the US 30 designation.
In 1998, US 24 and US 30 were rerouted onto I-69 and I-469 and the route that became SR 930, including Coliseum Boulevard, was to be decommissioned. INDOT tried to give the route to local control, but Allen County, the city of Fort Wayne, and the City of New Haven did not have funds for the roadway. This led INDOT to commission the route as SR 930.

</doc>
<doc id="6931814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931814" title="Bohdanovce">
Bohdanovce

Bohdanovce () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6931817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931817" title="Virginia State Highway 73">
Virginia State Highway 73



</doc>
<doc id="6931818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931818" title="Aurlandsdalen">
Aurlandsdalen

Aurlandsdalen (or the "Aurlandsdal") is a glacially-formed Norwegian valley that is about in length (Geiteryggen-Vassbygdi). The valley is situated in Aurland Municipality in Vestland county, to the south of the Sognefjorden. One of the best-known tourist tracks in Norway follows the valley from Geiteryggen just across the border of Hol Municipality and north east to Aurlandsvangen at the Aurlandsfjorden in Sogn. The valley narrows and becomes a tight, dramatic Western Norway valley. It combines glacially carved valleys with diverse plant species, and a number of cultural monuments in the form of old farms and mountain dairy farms (regionally called "støl"s) to form a recognized tourist attraction. The richness in plant species is due to both the soil, rich in minerals formed from phyllite in the rocks and cultural influence through the centuries.
The upper part of the river running through the valley is called Stemberdøla; in the lower part it is called Aurlandselvi. The route from Aurland to Hol has been the shortest connection between western and eastern Norway since prehistoric times. Thus the valley has been an important connection line for commercial journeys and cattle drives through and along the valley and over the surrounding mountain highlands.
Access to the valley.
Aurlandsdalen can be reached either from the village of Aurlandsvangen or from Vierbotn at "Geiteryggen" (which transliterates, perhaps descriptively, as goat's back). Access to Aurlandsvangen is possible via "hurtigbåt" (rapid boat) from Bergen or via the European route E16 highway. "Geiteryggen" can be reached via highway 50 from Hol Municipality in Hallingdal.
The ancient passage through the mountains can be traveled on foot via Norwegian Mountain Touring Association (DNT) marked tracks: "Finse - Geiteryggen, Raggsteindalen" (at "Strandafjorden") - "Geiteryggen" or the track "Iungsdalen - Stemberdalen". Another DNT track leads from "Hallingskeid" through "Såtedalen", along north west side of "Omnsvatnet" and further over "Bakkahelleren" along "Geiteryggvatnet" to "Geiteryggen".
The original proposal for routing the Bergen Line had it passing through "Geiteryggen"; if these plans had been carried out the railway tracks would have followed this trace to "Hallingskeid".
Topography.
Down the long valley, descending from the open mountain highland at "Geiteryggen" (1,232 m in elevation) the landscape becomes gradually more broken. At "Stemberdalen", (also called "Steinbergdalen, Stemmerdalen, Stodmerrdalen") at about 1100 m in elevation, the valley is wide and open with gradual mountains slopes and open areas covered with farm places. Earlier, before dams pooled the river into reservoirs, the river flowed gradually in broad turns which could be navigated by small boats. From "Stemberdalen" the valley again narrows with the hillsides steepening and the river channel increasing in gradient.
At "Østerbø" ("Øvstebø, Aurdal"), at about , for a limited stretch the timberline reaches up to the middle of the hillsides. The river widens to a calm lake, "Aurdalsvatnet", which is now regulated for hydroelectric power generation. From "Østerbø" the valley becomes steeper and more narrow as it passes downwards to "Vassbygdi" ("vass" = water, "bygd" = settlement, parish). The mountain flanks rise steeply from the bottom of the valley. The river has cut deep gorges, where it is diverted to the south, then turning north again at "Heimrebø", until it resumes it original course to the northwest. From here the river follows a gorge so deep that the valley bottom is impassable. At the depopulated "Almen" region, the valley is partly passable along the river. The valley then gradually widens until it meets "Midjedalen" in "vassbygdi". From here to "Aurlandsvangen", the bottom of the valley is relatively flat and even and the mountain flanks ascend steeply. Access to "Aurlandsvangen" is cut off by "Vassbygdvatnet"; the road bypasses the "Vassbygvatnet" through a tunnel.
History.
Power development and environmental impacts.
The "Aurland" river system was estimated to annually produce around 2 billion kWh of hydroelectric power. It was developed in the 1970s after a much disputed decision by the Stortinget (the Norwegian Parliament) in 1969. Oslo Lysverker (the Oslo utility) was behind this development. It was promoted as a demonstration of public power development.
The environmental impacts of the hydroelectric development are notable; the great waterfalls in the "Aurlandsdalen" have been silenced. The standing waves, spray and mist from the rapids and waterfalls has been substantially reduced. Due to diversion through tunnels, the water level in the river gorges is drastically reduced; dams restrain the thundering inferno that filled the gorges before the development. There are other impacts as well. The "Aurlandselvi" river is no longer one of the finest salmon rivers in Norway. Farmers no longer drive cattle, pigs and goats to spend the summer at "Østerbø" and "Stemberdalen". The pack horses, formerly a common sight in the valley, as Jon Fimreite and Knut Sønnerheim among others transported provisions and supplies to "Steinbergdalshytta" and "Østerbø", have become part of history.
"Aurlandsdalen" has become like most of the other valleys, characterized by traffic, tourists and gradual urbanisation. Only the remote "Nesbø-Vassbygdi" region remains mostly undisturbed, if one ignores the strong reduction in the water flow in the "Aurlandselvi" and the visible stretch of highway between "Berdalstunnellen" (Berdal tunnel) and "Nesbøtunnellen" (Nesbø tunnel) visible in the hillside from the path at "Heimrebø".
All-weather roads.
An all-weather road was built through the valley to support the hydropower development. This road also served the purpose of connecting eastern Norway with the western Norway, remaining open all winter and removing dependency upon ferries. It followed, by and large, the old historic route between "Aurland" and "Hol".
Through this road, Bergen was connected to Oslo by way of Voss, Vinje, Nærødalen, Aurland and through "Aurlandsdalen" to "Geiteryggen". From there it passes through "Vierbotn, Sveingardsbotn" along "Strandafjorden" to "Hol" in "Hallingdal". By this road, it was possible to avoid the "Kvanndal Kinsarvik" ferry over the "Hardangerfjord" and the "Hardangervidda", which was difficult to keep open in the winter time. Even though most of the road could be built to standard width, the tunnels between "Vassbygdi" and "Stonndal" were not built to the standard width.
In November 2000 the new "Lærdalstunnellen" between "Aurland" and "Lærdal" opened the route of a new main road between Oslo and Bergen, reducing the impact on "Aurlandsdalen" and limiting further strain. Although the "Aurlandsdalen" road was one of the motivating factors for the 1969 decision, construction of the improved route made the need less important. But the environmental changes are essentially irreversible.
Old traffic arteries.
The tracks between "Aurlandsvangen" and "Hol" were by far the shortest routes between eastern Norway and western Norway. From ancient times "Aurlandsdalen" thus was one of the most important connections between Vestlandet and Østlandet. It was only recently that it became possible to drive cattle along the valley floor, made possible by blasting of a new passage, "Sinjarheimsgaldene", in the cliff face at the "Sinjarheim" farm in 1870 and at "Nesbøgaldene" in the 1930s. Before 1930 cattle had to be driven over the mountain from "Nesbø" to "Østerbø". At both "Sinjarheimsgalden" and "Nesbøgaldene" one had use wooden ladders to ascend across the vertical rock faces.
Before 1870 the cattle drives had to take the long detour, either over the "Langfjellet" mountain and down to "Østerbø" or over "Stonndalen" to "Stemberdalen", or alternatively over "Låvidalen" to "Geiteryggen". From there the journey continued down to "Vierbotn" via "Sveingardsbotn" further along "Strandafjorden" to "Hol" in "Hallingdal".
Old tracks.
The most important tracks were (see map - the numbers give no indication of their relative importance):
Settlements.
The configuration of settlements is typical for the rural farm culture of early Norway. Archeological indications show that the settlements are much older than the written sources indicate – some dating to before the Middle Ages. This section provides detail to allow perspective on the conditions and mores of former times.
As late as in 1850 there were 10 farms and cotters subfarms in Aurlandsdalen altogether:
Almen, Sinjareim, Teigen, Berekvam, Skori, Nesbø, Vikaneset, Aurviki and two farms in Aurdalen (Østerbø).
Sinjarheim.
First known farmer was named simply Per, and first appears in records in 1611. The typical name by which he would have been known was Per Sinjarheim (or Per living on Sinjarheim). The last recorded farmer was Ingebrigt Jonassen Rinde born 1873 – died 1935.
Almen.
The cotters (crofters) subfarm under Sinjarheim was Almen. First known cotter was Magne Sult, also mentioned as Magne Olsen Almen, born 1718 – died 1753. Last resident at Almen was Simon Johannessen Belle born 1830 - died 1912. The farm today consists of a small house, Almastova and a small barn.
Almastova is a small one room jointed timber house at about 3.5 x 4.0 m. It is said that Almastova is the oldest existing wooden building in Aurlandsdalen. According to architect Arne Berg at NIKU the shape of the joints indicate that the building probably was erected about 1600. The building previously had wooden flooring, now lost. Beside the door there is an external chimney of stone masonry.
In 2004 Aurlandsdalen Kulturlandskap (Aurlandsdalen Culture Landscape) by Aurland Naturverkstad (Aurland Nature Workshop) 42.000 N. Kr. (£3,500) from Norsk Kulturminnefond (Norwegian Cultural Monuments Foundation) for restoration of Aalmastova.
Teigen.
The earliest recorded farmer was Peder Ellingsen Teigen born 1632 - dead 1661. Last resident is Lars Knudsen Teigen, born 1796 - dead 1848.
Berekvam.
The earliest recorded farmer was Gudbrand who pays taxes for Teigen 1603. Last resident was Øystein Olsen Berekvam, born 1901.
Skori.
No record.
Holmen.
No record.
Nesbø.
The earliest recorded farmer was Anders Nesbø, mentioned in documents from 1670. Last resident is Sivert Nesbø born in 1888 and emigrated to America in 1909.
Vikaneset.
No record.
Urdviki (Aureviki).
The earliest recorded farmer was Elling, mentioned in documents from 1718. Last in Urdviki were the family of Sjur Eriksen Urdvik (Urevik) born 1813 - dead 1850.
Øvstebø (Østerbø).
The earliest recorded farmer was Nils Urdal (Aurdal) who pays land taxes 1632. Dead 1638. Last resident at Østerbø is Knut Mikkelsen Østerbø, born 1846 - dead 1914.
Population.
The population in Aurland in 1845 was recorded as 2,811 individuals. Extensive emigration to America, deaths from the Spanish Influenza in 1918-1919 and emigration to the cities, especially in the twentieth century, resulted in a population decrease to 2,193 by 1960. As of 2004 the population had fallen further to 1803 individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="6931820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931820" title="Route 73 (Virginia)">
Route 73 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6931821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931821" title="Bruce Arnold Ackerman">
Bruce Arnold Ackerman



</doc>
<doc id="6931824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931824" title="William Smith (Medal of Honor, 1869)">
William Smith (Medal of Honor, 1869)

William Smith was a private in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for gallantry in action at Chiricahua Mountains, Arizona Territory on October 20, 1869, during the Indian Wars.
Biography.
William Smith was born in Bath, Maine in 1838 and enlisted in the United States Army in 1869.
He should not be confused with William H. Smith, who also received the Medal of Honor for gallantry in action in the same location on the same day.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Private, Company G, 8th U.S. Cavalry. Place and date: At Chiricahua Mountains, Ariz., October 20, 1869. Entered service at. ------. Birth. Bath, Maine. Date of issue: February 14, 1870. 
Citation:
Gallantry in action.

</doc>
<doc id="6931825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931825" title="IntraLasik">
IntraLasik



</doc>
<doc id="6931830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931830" title="Draethos">
Draethos



</doc>
<doc id="6931833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931833" title="Bukovec, Košice–okolie">
Bukovec, Košice–okolie



</doc>
<doc id="6931834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931834" title="Cycle sprinting">
Cycle sprinting



</doc>
<doc id="6931838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931838" title="William H. Smith (Medal of Honor)">
William H. Smith (Medal of Honor)

William H. Smith (1847 – October 5, 1877) was a Private in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for gallantry in action at Chiricahua Mountains, Arizona Territory on October 20, 1869, during the Indian Wars.
Biography.
Smith was born in 1847 in Lapeer County, Michigan, and joined the Army in 1869. He died at Camp Howard, Idaho Territory on 5 October 1877. 
He should not be confused with William Smith, who was also awarded the Medal of Honor for gallantry in action in the same location on the same day.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Private, Company G, 1st Cavalry Regiment. Place and date: At Chiricahua Mountains, Ariz., October 20, 1869. Entered service at: ------. Birth: Lapeer County, Mich. Date of issue: February 14, 1870. 
Citation:
Gallantry in action.

</doc>
<doc id="6931841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931841" title="Boliarov">
Boliarov

Boliarov () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
The majority of the municipality's population consists of the members of the local Roma community. In 2019, they constituted an estimated 70% of the population.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6931842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931842" title="Robert C. Prince">
Robert C. Prince



</doc>
<doc id="6931848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931848" title="Robert C. Prince III">
Robert C. Prince III



</doc>
<doc id="6931849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931849" title="Buzica">
Buzica

Buzica () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
Geography.
The village is located around 26 km southwest of Košice on the border with Hungary.
History.
Historically the village was first mentioned in 1262.
Population.
In 1910, the village had a population of 1088, mostly Hungarians.
According to the official census of 2011, the population included 1195 inhabitants, of which 628 were Hungarians and 425 were Slovaks whilst there were 122 people in the village who declined to admit their national affiliation.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6931850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931850" title="Jean Leclerc (painter)">
Jean Leclerc (painter)



</doc>
<doc id="6931851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931851" title="Community High School District 155">
Community High School District 155

Community High School District 155 is a local school district serving areas of McHenry County, Illinois.
The current Superintendent of this district is Steve Olson. Community High School District 155 includes the communities of Bull Valley, Burtons Bridge, Cary, Crystal Lake, Fox River Grove, Lake in the Hills, Lakewood, Oakwood Hills, Prairie Grove, and Ridgefield, and the district is approximately 45 miles northwest of downtown Chicago. Enrollment is 5,673 students, as of 2022.
History.
Community High School District 155 was established on December 6, 1919, by an election.
Schools.
There are four comprehensive high schools as well as one alternative education center, grades 9–12. The five schools are:

</doc>
<doc id="6931853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931853" title="Transliteration of Kyrgyz into English">
Transliteration of Kyrgyz into English



</doc>
<doc id="6931856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931856" title="Brazil '66">
Brazil '66



</doc>
<doc id="6931858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931858" title="Vertical farms">
Vertical farms



</doc>
<doc id="6931859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931859" title="Bunetice">
Bunetice

Bunetice () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Presov, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6931862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931862" title="People's Artist of the Armenian SSR">
People's Artist of the Armenian SSR

People's Artist of the Armenian SSR (Народный артист Армянской ССР), is an honorary title awarded to citizens of the Armenian SSR in the Soviet Union. It is awarded for outstanding performance in the performing arts, whose merits are exceptional in the sphere of the development of the performing arts (theatre, music, dance, circus, cinema, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="6931865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931865" title="Tashnags">
Tashnags



</doc>
<doc id="6931870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931870" title="Puisne Judge">
Puisne Judge



</doc>
<doc id="6931880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931880" title="Abdelkader Hachlaf">
Abdelkader Hachlaf

Abdelkader Hachlaf (, born 3 August 1978) is a Moroccan runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase. He was suspended between April 2004 and April 2006 after testing positive for the banned substance nandrolone in an IAAF out-of-competition test.

</doc>
<doc id="6931882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931882" title="Newtown, Hampshire">
Newtown, Hampshire

Newtown is a village and civil parish in the English county of Hampshire, about south of Newbury, Berkshire.
History.
In the early 13th century, the Bishops of Winchester created six new towns: Newtown, Overton and New Alresford in Hampshire; Hindon and Downton in Wiltshire; and Newtown on the Isle of Wight.
Newtown in Hampshire was founded in 1218 by Peter des Roches, Bishop of Winchester. The medieval borough was formed from part of the parish of Burghclere, and flourished in the 13th and 14th centuries. Adjacent Sandleford Priory, Sandleford, over the border on the other side of the River Enborne (Alder stream) in Berkshire, had been founded on an earlier establishment between 1193 and 1202. Newtown as a result was sometimes known as "Novus Burgus de Clere", or "Nova villa de Sandelford". In 1218, the grant of a market and a fair at Newtown was made to the Bishop of Winchester and in the bishop's account roll of 1218–19, fifty-two burgesses are listed. The burgesses occupied sixty-seven plots of land in the new borough. The Prior of Sandleford bought three plots. Also in 1218–19, a chapel was built for the local people of the new borough, and was originally known as the Chapel of Sandleford.
In 1224–25 a ditch was dug around the town at the bishop's expense and, in 1225–26, the bishop's own house was built in the borough. Dated the feast of St. Katherine, 9 Edward III, [25 November, c. 1336], a grant was made by Hugh atte Thome and Maud his wife to Sir Nicholas atte Thorne their son, chaplain, of a burgage in Newtown (Nova Villa juxta Sandelford) between the brook called 'Aleburne' on the west and the highway to Winchester on the east;
By the 16th century, the town had begun to decay, although the reason for its decline is not known, and, in 1674, only sixty-four houses remained, probably scattered throughout the parish. No traces of the medieval borough can be seen above ground today.
Governance.
The village of Newtown is part of the civil parish of Newtown, and is part of the Burghclere, Highclere and St. Mary Bourne ward of Basingstoke and Deane borough council. The borough council is a Non-metropolitan district of Hampshire County Council.
Religious sites.
The Church of England parish church of St Mary and St John the Baptist was built in 1865 on the site of the original medieval chapel. The building was financed entirely by Edmund (1793–1873) and Elizabeth Arbuthnot (died 1866). Eliza Arbuthnot's brother William Pollet Brown Chatteris (1810–1889), JP, DL, had taken on the lease of neighbouring Sandleford in 1831 and then bought it outright in 1875. The church is filled with stained glass windows in their collective memory. Edmund Arbuthnot had bought Newtown House in 1824.
Industry.
Butchers, bakers, ironmongers and shoemakers were listed in the old borough records, but more recently the parish has been famed locally for making wooden rakes.
Literature.
Newtown churchyard and Newtown Common both feature in Richard Adams' novel, Watership Down.
Mrs Elizabeth Montagu's 1743 description of Newtown.
In 1743 Mrs Montagu wrote from Sandleford to her old friend the Duchess of Portland and described her new retreat:
'...I had a very pleasant journey to this place [Sandleford], where I am delighted to find everything that is capable of making retreat agreeable; the garden commands a fine prospect, the most cheerful I ever saw, and not of shirt distance which is only to gratify the pride of seeing, but such as falls within the humble reach of my eyes. We have a pretty village [Newtown] on a rising ground just before us.'
"Where the cottage chimney smokes,"
"Fast between two oaks."
'Poverty here is clad in its decent garb of low simplicity, but her tattered robes of misery do not here show want and wretchedness; you would rather imagine pomp was neglected than sufficiency wanted.'
'A silver stream [the Alder stream, aka River Enborne] washes the foot of the village [Newtown]; health, pleasure, and refreshment are the ingredients that qualify this spring; no debauch, or intoxication, arises from its source.'
'Nature has been very indulgent to this country, and has given it enough of wood and water; the first we have here in good plenty, and a power of having more of the latter, as improvements are undertaken.'
'Here are temptations to riding and walking. I go out every evening to take a view of the country; the villages are the neatest I ever saw; every cottage is tight; has a little garden, and is sheltered by fine trees...'

</doc>
<doc id="6931886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931886" title="Cestice">
Cestice

Cestice () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
Historically the village was first mentioned in 1317.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6931888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931888" title="William “Extra Billy” Smith">
William “Extra Billy” Smith



</doc>
<doc id="6931889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931889" title="Ray Shanklin">
Ray Shanklin

Bobby Ray Shanklin (June 4, 1947 - March 6, 2015) was a composer. Along with Ed Bogas, he co-composed the scores for Ralph Bakshi's films "Fritz the Cat" and "Heavy Traffic".

</doc>
<doc id="6931898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931898" title="Costae">
Costae



</doc>
<doc id="6931899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931899" title="Knobstone Trail">
Knobstone Trail

The Knobstone Trail is the longest hiking trail in Indiana. Its southern terminus is about north of Louisville, Kentucky in the Deam Lake State Recreation Area. It currently ends at Delaney Creek Park near Salem, Indiana. However, there are plans to eventually extend the trail another north to Martinsville, Indiana. Most of the trail lies within Clark State Forest. As it lies along the Knobstone Escarpment, it is a difficult hike, which is why many use the Knobstone Trail to prepare for hiking the Appalachian Trail.
The trail was first established in 1980, and was only long. It now runs , mostly through public forest.
Hiking the trail in its entirety results in approximately of elevation change between the gains and losses. The trail passes through 3 counties and is surrounded by approximately of Indiana State Forest. The rugged trail consists of steep climbs and descents throughout its duration. It is maintained to backcountry standards. There are no designated camp sites; rather hikers must camp at least from roads and trailheads.
After a tornado on March 2, 2012, destroyed 4.5 miles of the trail, sections of the trail were closed. The damaged areas were reopened in early 2014.
Waypoints.
Following are waypoints on the trail:

</doc>
<doc id="6931907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931907" title="Brenda K. Starr (album)">
Brenda K. Starr (album)

Brenda K. Starr is the eponymous second album and major label debut by Brenda K. Starr.
Release.
Released in 1987, it produced the singles "Breakfast In Bed", "I Still Believe", and "What You See Is What You Get". The album was reissued as a Japanese import title with bonus tracks on February 24, 1999, in the United States.
Personnel.
Credits for "Brenda K. Starr" adapted from AllMusic

</doc>
<doc id="6931908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931908" title="Hodkovce">
Hodkovce

Hodkovce () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
The village was first mentioned in 1318.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of and covers an area of .
It has a population of about 250 people.
Culture.
Hodkovce has a single Roman Catholic church, built in 1832 in Classical style with Baroque motifs. It contains a few relics from the nineteenth century, for example, an oil painting of the Lord's sacrifice (Karol Völck, 1820) and a sculpture of St. Anna, Virgin Mary and Baby Jesus (polychrome, woodcarving).
Genealogical resources.
Records for genealogical research are available at the Statny Archiv (state archive) in Kosice, Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="6931912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931912" title="South Market Street Bridge">
South Market Street Bridge

The South Market Street Bridge, officially the Senator John E. Reilly, Sr. Bridge, is a bascule bridge that spans the Christina River in Wilmington, Delaware.
The current bridge, opened in 1927, is the latest of many bridges that have spanned the Christina at this location since 1808 when the first wooden turn bridge was constructed. Its construction was administered by the then State Highway Department (predecessor of the Delaware Department of Transportation), and was built to replace the swing bridge that was built in 1883 to replace the wooden turn bridge built in 1808. The span is one of only three pre-1957 drawbridges of its type in Delaware.
In 1982, the bridge was named after Wilmington state Senator John Edward Reilly Sr., a gravel-voiced cigar smoker known for his warmth and wit, who died of cancer on February 26, 1963.
The bridge underwent a major rehabilitation in 2004–2006 to replace and upgrade the existing machinery and improve lighting, pedestrian walkways, and the operator towers.

</doc>
<doc id="6931913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931913" title="Bad Religion discography">
Bad Religion discography

The discography of Bad Religion, an American punk rock band, consists of 17 studio albums, two live albums, four compilation albums, one box set, two extended plays (EPs), 29 singles, five video albums and 25 music videos. Formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1980, the band originally featured vocalist Greg Graffin, guitarist Brett Gurewitz, bassist Jay Bentley and drummer Jay Ziskrout, who released their self-titled debut EP in February 1981 on Gurewitz's label Epitaph Records. Pete Finestone replaced Ziskrout before the release of the band's full-length debut album, "How Could Hell Be Any Worse?", in 1982. The following year's "Into the Unknown" featured bassist Paul Dedona and drummer Davy Goldman, before Bentley and Finestone returned to the band and Greg Hetson joined as second guitarist.
After a brief hiatus, Bad Religion returned with three albums in three years – "Suffer" in 1988, "No Control" in 1989 and "Against the Grain" in 1990 – before Finestone left again and was replaced by Bobby Schayer. 1992's "Generator" charted in the top 50 in Germany, while its 1993 follow-up, "Recipe for Hate", reached the top 40. After signing with major label Atlantic Records, Bad Religion released its final album with Gurewitz before his departure, "Stranger than Fiction". The album was the band's first commercial success, reaching number 87 on the "Billboard" 200, and receiving gold certifications from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and Music Canada. Three singles from the album reached the "Billboard" Alternative Songs (then the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart) top 40.
After adding Brian Baker as Gurewitz's replacement, the band released three more albums on Atlantic – "The Gray Race" (1996), "No Substance" (1998) and "The New America" (2000) – all of which reached the "Billboard" 200 top 100. Gurewitz returned and Brooks Wackerman replaced Schayer in 2001, with this lineup's first album, "The Process of Belief" (2002), being the band's first to reach the US top 50. "The Empire Strikes First" (2004) reached the top 40, while the single "Los Angeles Is Burning" reached number 40 on the Alternative Songs chart and number three on the UK Rock &amp; Metal Singles Chart. "New Maps of Hell" (2007) and "The Dissent of Man" (2010) both reached number 35, while "True North" (2013) peaked at number 19. Also in 2013, the band released an EP of Christmas music titled "Christmas Songs" that reached number 101 on the "Billboard" 200. Bad Religion did not release another full-length studio album, "Age of Unreason", until 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6931920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931920" title="People's Artist of the Ukrainian SSR">
People's Artist of the Ukrainian SSR



</doc>
<doc id="6931922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931922" title="Shafiq Handal">
Shafiq Handal



</doc>
<doc id="6931929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931929" title="Pranava yoga">
Pranava yoga

Pranava yoga is meditation on the sacred mantra Om, as outlined in the Upanishads, the "Bhagavad Gita", and the "Yoga Sutras of Patanjali". It is also called "Aum yoga" and "Aum yoga meditation". It is, simply put, fixing the mind on the sound of the mantra "Aum" – the sacred syllable that both symbolizes and embodies Brahman, the Absolute Reality – as the mantra is constantly repeated in unison with the breath. The purpose of pranava yoga is to become free from suffering and limitation.
The purpose is well stated in the Prashna Upanishads: 
The mantra Aum.
Aum, according to Hindu philosophy, is the primordial sound from which the whole universe was created. Aum, also called the Pranava, is the original Word of Power, and is recited as a mantra. A mantra is a series of verbal sounds having inherent sound-power that can produce a particular physical or psychological effect, not just something that has an assigned intellectual meaning. The word mantra derives from the Sanskrit expression mananaath thraayathe which loosely means "a transforming thought"; literally, "that which, when thought, carries one across [the worldly ocean of sorrow]". The power of a mantra lies in its ability to produce an objective, perceptible change in the yogi who repeats it correctly.
In the yoga tradition, Aum is the most sacred of holy words, the supreme mantra. Aum is also called the Pranava, a Sanskrit word which means both controller of life force (prana) and life-giver (infuser of prana). "That which causes all the pranas to prostrate themselves before and get merged in the Paramatman, so as to attain identity with Him, is for that reason known as the Pranava." – Atharvashikha Upanishad 1:10a. Aum is called the Shabda Brahman – God as Sound/Vibration. According to yoga theory, the universe has emanated from this primal movement in God. By following the thread of Aum back in meditation to more and more subtle levels of awareness, the yogi regains union with Brahman.
The Upanishads.
The Upanishads (both the major and minor) are full of references to Aum and meditation on Aum. Below is a small sampling:
"Bhagavad Gita".
Speaking from the perspective of the Infinite Being, enumerating his major manifestation-embodiments, Krishna says: "I am the syllable Om."(Gita 7:8) He also says the same thing in 9:17 ("I am...the sacred monosyllable") and 10:25 ("Among words I am the monosyllable Om").
What to "do" with aum is then outlined by Krishna: "Engaged in the practice of concentration... uttering the monosyllable Om--the Brahman--remembering Me always, he...attains to the supreme goal. I am easily attainable by that ever-steadfast Yogi who constantly and daily remembers Me."– "Bhagavad Gita" 6:13; 8:12-14
"Yoga Sutras of Patanjali".
Patanjali's Yoga Sutras, the most ancient and authoritative text on Yoga, outlines the purpose and process of yoga as follows:
"Ishwara [God] is a particular Purusha [Spirit, Person] Who is untouched by the afflictions of life, actions, and the results and impressions produced by these actions. In Him is the highest limit of omniscience. 36 Being unconditioned by time He is teacher even of the ancients. His designator [vachaka] is the Pranava [Om]. 37 Its japa [constant repetition] and bhavanam is the way [or: should be done]. From it result [come] the disappearance of obstacles and the turning inward of consciousness. Disease, languor, doubt, carelessness, laziness, worldly-mindedness, delusion, non-achievement of a stage, instability, these cause the distraction of the mind and they are the obstacles. [Mental] pain, despair, nervousness, and agitation are the symptoms of a distracted condition of mind. For removing these obstacles [there should be] the constant practice of the one principle [the japa and bhavanam of Om]." – "Yoga Sutras of Patanjali" 1:24-32
Opinions on Aum.
"[Remembrance of the Pranava] must become so automatic that you cannot breathe without remembering It."
"Om is the root of all sounds. Every other sound is contained in That, and It is used to take one beyond all sound."
"OM is the mantra, the expressive sound-symbol of the Brahman Consciousness in its four domains from the Turiya to the external or material plane. The function of a mantra is to create vibrations in the inner consciousness that will prepare it for the realisation of what the mantra symbolises and is supposed indeed to carry within itself. The mantra OM should therefore lead towards the opening of the consciousness to the sight and feeling of the One Consciousness in all material things, in the inner being and in the supraphysical worlds, in the causal plane above now superconscient to us and, finally, the supreme liberated transcendence above all cosmic existence. The last is usually the main preoccupation with those who use the mantra." "Letters on Yoga", Vol. II, p. 745-46
"If you are a serious student of Vedic mantras, you will chant Om because Vedic mantras begin with Om. Om, or the Omkara, is Krishna. Many people are fond of chanting Omkara. That is also nice, because Omkara is Krishna. If we simply remember, This Omkara is Krishna then we become perfect, because the goal is to become Krishna conscious. So you can become Krishna conscious while chanting Om."
"Om is the highest Name of God, and comprises many other Names of God. It should be borne in mind that Om is the Name of God exclusively—and of no other object material or spiritual—while the others are but descriptive titles and not exactly proper names."
"This is the Ultimate Word: but can any express its marvellous savor? He who has savored it once, he knows what joy it can give. Kabir says: Knowing it, the ignorant man becomes wise, and the wise man becomes speechless and silent."
"Constant japa of the Pranava, Omkar, Which is self-revealing, and constant focus on It as the form of Ishvara, and dedicating all actions to It as if you are not the doer yourself; is Kriya Yoga."
"Following the path of discrimination, let the pure mind be firmly fixed in Om."
"'What will you gain', some sages ask, 'by merely hearing this sound?' You hear the roar of the ocean from a distance. By following the roar you can reach the ocean. As long as there is the roar, there must also be the ocean. By following the trail of Om you attain Brahman, of which the Word is the symbol. That Brahman has been described by the Vedas as the ultimate goal."
"The purport of prescribing meditation on the Pranava is this. The Pranava is Omkara…the advaita-mantra which is the essence of all mantras…. In order to get at this true significance, one should meditate on the Pranava. …The fruition of this process is samadhi which yields release [moksha], which is the state of unsurpassable bliss."
In the book "Om Chanting and Meditation":

</doc>
<doc id="6931934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931934" title="Elom">
Elom

The name Elorm or Elom may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6931940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931940" title="Improper noun">
Improper noun



</doc>
<doc id="6931943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931943" title="Blowing house">
Blowing house

A blowing house or blowing mill was a building used for smelting tin in Cornwall and on Dartmoor in Devon, in South West England. Blowing houses contained a furnace and a pair of bellows that were powered by an adjacent water wheel, and they were in use from the early 14th century until they were gradually replaced by reverberatory furnaces in the 18th century. The remains of over 40 blowing houses have been identified on Dartmoor.
History.
The blowing house method of smelting tin was probably introduced early in the 14th century to replace the earliest method of smelting which had to be done in two stages – a first smelting probably took place near to the tinworks and the roughly smelted metal was taken to a stannary town to be smelted again to produce the final refined product. Each of these smeltings was taxed separately until 1303 when they were replaced by a single tax on the finished product. It is likely that this tax change was due to the improved smelting process provided by the blowing houses.
Documentation confirms the existence of blowing houses in Cornwall as early as 1402, but the earliest reference for Dartmoor is not found until the early 16th century, though it is likely that they were in use on the moor earlier. In Devon there are many references to blowing mills throughout the 16th and 17th centuries, reflecting the boom time in tin-mining on Dartmoor. However, by 1730 there were only two blowing mills working in the whole of the county: at Sheepstor and Plympton.
From the beginning of the 18th century, this method was gradually superseded by reverberatory furnace smelting, which used higher temperatures and powdered anthracite as fuel and had the advantage of not requiring a forced draught of air. The smelting house at Eylesbarrow tin mine which was in operation during the first half of the 19th century had two furnaces, one of each type.
Construction.
On Dartmoor, blowing houses were rectangular buildings between around in length and around half this in width. They were made of unmortared granite blocks with walls often or more thick and probably had turf or thatch roofs which were periodically burnt to retrieve the particles of tin that would have been driven into the roof through the blast from the bellows. Blowing houses are typically located on or near the bank of a stream where the fall of water was enough for a leat to be built to work a small () diameter overshot water wheel which developed around to operate the bellows.
The only contemporary detailed description of a blowing house was provided by a Cornishman named William Pryce in his treatise on Cornish mining of 1778:
According to Crispin Gill, about two tons of charcoal was needed to smelt a ton of metal. The molten metal ran out from the bottom of the furnace into a granite trough or "float" from where it was ladled into stone moulds.
Archaeology.
Archaeological investigation of blowing houses started in 1866 when John Kelly examined the lower mill at Yealm Steps. Robert Burnard cleared the interior of the lower mill at Week Ford in the 1880s, but the most notable researcher of the remains on Dartmoor was R. Hansford Worth who made detailed records of over 40 sites. Since then, research on the tin industry in the south west has continued, for instance The Dartmoor Tinworking Interest Group was formed in 1991.
There is evidence for furnaces that match the description given by Pryce (see above) at Upper and Lower Merrivale, Avon Dam and Blacksmith's Shop. Each of these sites has two upright granite slabs about apart set into the floor area of the mill, leaving space behind for the bellows. The Merrivale sites also have a slab at the back, making a basic hearth shape. The accompanying photograph shows the two side slabs of the furnace at the Lower Merrivale blowing house, with the somewhat displaced float stone between them. The mouldstone, filled with rainwater, is just above and to the right.
The mouldstone is the best field evidence for a blowing house; they are large blocks of granite with a flat top containing a rectangular hollow recess into which the molten tin was poured to be cast into ingots. The moulds vary in size and shape, the largest known from Dartmoor being that from Upper Merrivale at , and the smallest square at Longstone. Some mouldstones have additional smaller hollows on their surface; these are traditionally assumed to be for assaying purposes, but some authors have suggested that they may have been for making small ingots for selling illicitly to avoid tin coinage, the tax on white, or refined tin.
The only properly documented find of a tin ingot from Dartmoor has a diagonal hole through it which matches the supposed practice of placing a stick in the mould when pouring in the molten tin. The stick would burn away leaving the hole which would be used to lever out the solid ingot from the mould and would later be useful to tie up the ingots for carriage. According to Worth, the found ingot fitted precisely into one of the moulds found at the lower blowing house on the River Yealm, although it did not fill it and weighed only , far less than the average Dartmoor ingot weight of . He speculated that it was the small surplus that remained after the normal ingots had been cast. Cornish ingots were much larger, averaging around .
One of the best preserved blowing houses on Dartmoor is above Merrivale Bridge on the River Walkham. It has a mould stone close to its entrance and the wheel-pit can be easily traced. Some blowing houses also housed crushing ("knacking") or grinding ("crazing") mills, and at Gobbet Mine on the River Swincombe both the upper and lower grinding stones were found.

</doc>
<doc id="6931945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931945" title="Blood parrot cichlid">
Blood parrot cichlid

The Blood Parrot Cichlid ("Amphilophus citrinellus" × "Vieja melanurus"), or parrot cichlid, is a hybrid species of fish in the family Cichlidae. The fish was first bred in Taiwan around 1986. Blood parrots should not be confused with other parrot cichlids or salt water parrotfish (family Scaridae). Natural colors of the fish are red, yellow, and grey: other colors are injected by breeders.
Because this hybrid cichlid has various anatomical deformities, controversy exists over the ethics of creating the blood parrot. One deformity is its mouth, which has only a narrow vertical opening. This makes blood parrots somewhat harder to feed and potentially vulnerable to malnutrition.
The fish is known to be semi-aggressive. Despite its deformity, it can hold its own in a fight, and will prey on any small fish that can fit in its mouth.
Description.
Blood parrots are often bright orange in coloration, but there are other colors that they can have naturally, such as red, yellow or gray. Other colors may be produced by dyeing the fish, which can shorten life expectancy. Some fish have been injected with a colored dye by the breeder. Another modification, generally considered inhumane by enthusiasts, involves cutting the tail while small which causes the fish to grow into a heart shape; these are usually sold under the name of "heart parrots". As the press has brought this practice to light, the majority of fish stockists will no longer sell these modified fish. Adult fish can grow to a length of 8 inches (20 centimeters) and reach an age of 10 to 15 years.
Various breeds of blood parrots have been developed, such as the "King Kong parrot", which typically vary in color from red to yellow. They have fully functioning mouths with less of a nuchal deformity and grow larger. They are usually considered more valuable than the traditional blood parrots.
Genetic defects.
As a result of hybridization of the parent species, the fish have several anatomical deformities, including a beak-shaped mouth that cannot fully close, which they compensate for by crushing food with the throat muscles, a deformed nuchal hump, and compressed vertebrae. Some commercial foods have been developed specifically to be easy for blood parrots to ingest, and recently some blood parrots have been selectively bred to be able to completely close their mouths. Blood parrots sometimes can have deformed swim bladders, causing an awkward swimming pattern; and unusually large, and often deformed irises.
Breeding.
Male blood parrots generally are infertile, but successful breeding has occurred. Normally, a female blood parrot lays eggs on a hard surface, and both parents guard the eggs unless the brood develops fungus, at which time the eggs will be consumed by either the parents or other fish. However, fish farms have begun introducing male blood parrots injected with a hormone to increase fertility. Most female blood parrots are fertile.
Aquarium.
Blood parrots are hardy and may be housed singly, in schools, or with complementary species under a variety of conditions. Sufficient lighting can be provided by a variety of compact fluorescent lamps without the use of T5 or halide fixtures. The fish are voracious eaters and generate significant uneaten debris during feeding. High volume filtration and frequent substrate suctioning is recommended to minimize nitrates.
The recommended aquarium size is 55 gallons for one, and for every extra add 20 gallons.

</doc>
<doc id="6931946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931946" title="The King of England and his Three Sons">
The King of England and his Three Sons

The King of England and his Three Sons is a Romani fairy tale collected by Joseph Jacobs in "More English Fairy Tales". He listed as his source Francis Hindes Groome's "In Gypsy Tents", where the informant was John Roberts, a Welsh Roma. Groome published the tale as "An Old King and his three Sons in England".
A version of this tale appears in by Ruth Manning-Sanders, under the title "An Old King and His Three Sons of England".
Synopsis.
An old king could be cured only by golden apples from a far country. His three sons set out to find them, and parted ways at a crossroads. The youngest son found a house in a forest, where an old man greeted him as a king's son, and told him to put his horse in the stable and have something to eat. After the meal, he asked how the man knew he was a king's son, and the man said he knew many things, including what the prince was doing. He told the prince that he had to stay there the night, though many snakes and toads would crawl over him, and if he stirred, he would turn into one himself.
The prince got little sleep but did not stir. In the morning, the old man gave him breakfast, a new horse, and a ball of yarn to throw between the horse's ears. When the prince threw it and chased it, he came to the old man's brother, who was uglier than the first one. He received the same hospitality, and the same unpleasant night, and this brother sent him on to the third brother.
At the third brother's, the brother, who was even uglier than the second one, told him he must go on to a castle. There, he must tell swans to bear him over the lake to a castle. It was guarded by giants, lions, and dragons, but they would be asleep, and so he must go in at one o'clock and come out again by two. He must go through some grand rooms, go down into the kitchen, and then go out into the garden. There he must pick the apples. He should come back the same way, and when riding off, never look back because they would pursue him until he nearly reached the old man's house.
He went to bed, and this time the brother assured him that nothing would disturb him, and nothing did. In the morning, the old man warned him not to tarry because of a beautiful woman.
He reached the castle by the swans and saw a beautiful woman there. He exchanged his garter, gold watch, and pocket-handkerchief for hers, and kissed her. Then he got the apples and had to flee with all speed, because the hour was nearly up, but he escaped.
The old man brought him to a well and insisted that the prince cut the old man's head off and throw it into the well. This turned him into a young, handsome man, and the house into a palace. At the second brother's, he received a new bed, with no snakes or toads, and cut off his head as well, and then the same with the first.
He met up with his brothers again. They stole his apples and put others in their place, and went on before him. When he reached home, his apples were not as good as his brother's, and his father thought they were poisoned and told his headsman to cut his head off. The headsman instead took him into the woods and left him there. A bear came up to him, and he climbed a tree, but the bear persuaded him to come down. The bear brought him to some tents, where they made him welcome, and changed in a handsome young man, Jubal. He stayed with them and was happy, although he had lost the golden watch somewhere. One day, he saw it in the tree where he had climbed to hide from the bear, and climbed it to get it again.
Meanwhile, the princess, realizing one of the king's sons had been there, set out with an army. When she reached the king, she demanded to see his sons. When the oldest came, he said he had been to her castle, but when she threw down the handkerchief and he walked over it, he broke his leg; then the second brother said the same, but also broke his leg. She demanded of the king whether he had more sons; the king sent to the headsman, who confessed he had not killed the prince, and the king said he must find him, to save the king's life. They found Jubal, who pointed to the tree where the prince was, and they told the prince he must come because a lady was looking for him, and they brought Jubal with them. He did not break his leg over the handkerchief, and the princess knew he was the prince, so they married, and went back to her castle.
Analysis.
Tale type.
The tale is classified in the international Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index as type ATU 551, "The Sons on a Quest for a Wonderful Remedy for their father" or "Water of Life". This tale type concerns a king that is dying or going blind, and sends his three sons to find the only thing that can cure him.
Motifs.
Jacobs noted the king with three sons was a common motif, and that the Sleeping Beauty-like character is found in Perrault.
In several variants, the object that can cure the king (a magical water, an enchanted bird or wonderful fruits) belongs to a foreign princess or fairy maiden in a distant kingdom. At the end of the tale, the fairy maiden or foreign princess travels with her army or navy to the prince's kingdom in order to find the man who stole her wonderful bird or magical water.
Variants.
Groome reported another Welsh-Romani variant titled (sic) ("The Bottle of Black Water"), wherein the golden apples are replaced for the titular bottle of black water as the king's remedy. The tale was eventually published in the journal of the Gypsy Lore Society, from the collection of John Sampson. In this tale, titled ("The Bottle of Black Water"), a king is ill, and sends his sons for the bottle of black water, which is his only remedy. The two elder brothers let the youngest, Jack, go on the quest alone. An old man gives Jack a ride and directs him to a lake, where he is to command a swan to take him across the water. Inside the castle, everyone is asleep, and Jake lays in bed with a princess. He steals her two garters and the bottle of black water, and leaves. Jack meets his brothers and presents them the bottle. While he rests, his brothers exchange the bottle for a flask of another liquid. When Jack and his brothers return to his father, the elder brothers take the credit for the deed, and Jack is expelled from the kingdom for failing the quest. Jack lives in the woods, his beard and hairs grown over time. The princess visits Jack's father and his brothers to discover who took the bottle of black water from her. She identifies Jack as the one responsible and marries him. William Reginald Halliday, in his commentaries to the tale, related the story to the German tale ("The Water of Life"), collected by the Brothers Grimm.
Adaptations.
English novelist Alan Garner adapted the tale as "The Castle of Melvales", in his book "Alan Garner's Book of British fairy tales". His version names the princes Oliver, Valentine and Jack.

</doc>
<doc id="6931948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931948" title="Saundersfoot Railway">
Saundersfoot Railway

The Saundersfoot Railway was a Welsh industrial narrow-gauge railway in Pembrokeshire, Wales, built between 1830 and 1834, to connect Saundersfoot harbour to the local coal mines. It opened on 1 March 1834 and within a few years it comprised a small network of over along the coast from Saundersfoot to Wisemans Bridge and on to the collieries at Stepaside and Kilgetty, and later, running inland to Thomas Chapel near Begelly.
It provides the first example in Pembrokeshire of the joint construction of a harbour and tramway, and remained independent until it closed in 1939.
History.
There were worthwhile deposits of high quality anthracite in the Saundersfoot area; part of the Pembrokeshire Coalfield. To move the extracted coal to the coast for onward shipping transport, a tramroad was proposed. The Saundersfoot Railway and Harbour Company was formed in 1828 to build a harbour at Saundersfoot and a tramway to connect it to the collieries around Begelly and Stepaside. In 1829, authorisation was given for the Saundersfoot Railway and Harbour Company by the (10 Geo. 4. c. cviii). This was to be a gauge horse operated tramroad, connecting collieries with a new harbour at Saundersfoot.
The tramway, which consisted of two main mineral lines and a number of small branches, originally used horses to pull up to three laden wagons along the tracks. Of the two main lines, the first was built to connect the collieries near Stepaside and the later ironworks using local iron ore at Stepaside, and run along the coast through a series of short tunnels to terminate in the centre of Saundersfoot at the harbour.
One important branch line was used to transport anthracite from Bonville’s Court Colliery to the Harbour in Saundersfoot, this line traversed a incline powered by a steam engine and Gravity, the incline and engine house is still there.
The second line ran from the harbour to Thomas Chapel colliery near Begelly. The route, left the main line at Coalpit haul, (Now known as Coppet hall), passed beneath the GWR station through a tunnel at King's Moor.
When the South Wales Railway was authorised, the directors of the Saundersfoot Railway and Harbour Company decided to seek powers to build a line linking both Tenby and Saundersfoot to the SWR Pembroke branch at Reynalton. This was authorised in 1846 as the Tenby, Saundersfoot and South Wales Railway and Pier Company, with authorised capital of £140,000. The South Wales Railway opened its line as far as Haverfordwest on 2 January 1854, and to Neyland on 15 April 1856. However, the South Wales Railway did not attempt to build their Pembroke branch, so construction of the Tenby and Saundersfoot line was not started. As part of a modernisation project, the whole line was upgraded to a narrow gauge railway in 1874. The tramway was relaid with flat bottom rails on wooden sleepers allowing a locomotive to be used on the line to Stepaside.
Following the cessation of large-scale mining near Begelly, the track from the King's Moor tunnel to Thomas Chapel was lifted in 1887. In around 1914, it was re-laid and a new branch line built to support the opening of a short-lived colliery at Reynalton. A new engine was purchased for this purpose.
But by the late 1920s coal mining was in recession and the line closed. In 1932 a brief resurgence in local mining led to the lines being briefly reopened.
However, only seven years later, due to financial considerations and the workings becoming exhausted, the railway finally closed on the eve of the Second World War. Subsequently, the rolling stock along with the tracks were scrapped for use in the war effort.
Today.
The section of the route that follows the coastline from Saundersfoot to Wisemans Bridge is now a part of the Pembrokeshire Coast Path. Walkers using the trail pass through three tunnels on the former line.
Locomotives.
Both engines used on the line had low profiles so they could work the tunnels. Although "Rosalind" was scrapped, "Bulldog" continued to work at Llanelli steel works until 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="6931950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931950" title="Elomin">
Elomin



</doc>
<doc id="6931951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931951" title="Mark Kingdon">
Mark Kingdon

Mark Kingdon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6931957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931957" title="Evocii">
Evocii



</doc>
<doc id="6931960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931960" title="Haniska, Košice-okolie District">
Haniska, Košice-okolie District

Haniska () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
Historically, the village was first mentioned in 1288. Haniska has been its official name since 1921, and was a co-name in the early 20th century and most of the 19th century. Its Hungarian name, its original and former co-name, is Enyiczke, variously spelled Enjiczke, Enjicske, and Enyicske.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 233 metres and covers an area of 17.289 km².
It has a population of about 1370 people..
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6931962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931962" title="Bobby Coombs">
Bobby Coombs

Raymond Franklin "Bobby" Coombs (February 2, 1908 – October 21, 1991) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. The , right-hander played for the Philadelphia Athletics (1933) and New York Giants (1943). His career was unusual in that he went almost ten years between major league appearances.
Coombs pitched at Phillips Exeter Academy and for the Duke Blue Devils baseball team where he was coached by his uncle, Jack Coombs.
A native of Goodwins Mills, Maine, Coombs made his major league debut in relief on June 8, 1933, in a home game against the New York Yankees at Shibe Park. His final game, almost ten years later at the age of 35, was in a doubleheader against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Forbes Field on June 6, 1943.
Coombs' career totals include 30 games pitched, all in relief, a 0–2 record with 17 games finished, 2 saves, 49 earned runs allowed in 47 innings, and an ERA of 9.32.
Coombs died at the age of 83 in Ogunquit, Maine.
Coombs coached at Williams College from 1946 to 1973, where there is now a Bobby Coombs Field.

</doc>
<doc id="6931966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931966" title="Parallel file system">
Parallel file system



</doc>
<doc id="6931967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931967" title="Good Golly, Miss Dolly">
Good Golly, Miss Dolly



</doc>
<doc id="6931973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931973" title="Morane-Saulnier MS.760 Paris">
Morane-Saulnier MS.760 Paris

The Morane-Saulnier MS.760 Paris is a French four-seat jet trainer and liaison aircraft designed and manufactured by Morane-Saulnier.
The Paris was based upon an earlier proposed trainer aircraft, the MS.755 Fleuret. Following the failure of the French Air Force to select the Fleuret, Morane-Saulnier opted to develop the design into a liaison aircraft and compact business jet. The primary difference between the two designs was the altered seating arrangement, the original side-by-side seating two-seat cockpit was modified to allow for the addition of another row of two seats to accommodate passengers. The Paris retained the flight characteristics of the Fleuret along with the option for installing armaments, which maintained its potential for use as a military trainer as well for civil aviation. On 29 July 1954, the prototype performed the type's maiden flight.
The primary operators of the Paris were the French air services, who used the type for liaison purposes between 1959 and 1997. During 1955, Morane-Saulnier and American aviation company Beech Aircraft formed a joint venture to market the Paris as the first business jet on the North American market, but the venture was dissolved a few years later due to a lack of customer interest. During the 1960s more advanced variants were developed such as the "MS.760B Paris II" and the six-seat "MS.760C Paris III"; the latter would not enter production however. While four-seat propeller planes are commonplace, jet-powered aircraft with this seating arrangement, such as the Grumman EA-6B Prowler combat aircraft, have remained comparatively rare.
Design and development.
Origins.
The Paris has its origins within an earlier jet trainer aircraft developed by French aircraft manufacturer Morane-Saulnier. During the early 1950s, the French Air Force sought a jet trainer suitable to the ab-initio training sector; in response, Morane-Saulnier produced their own submission, designated as the MS.755 Fleuret. However, the military competition was ultimately won by another bid, which was produced in large numbers as the Fouga Magister. Shortly after this failure, Morane-Saulnier decided to embark upon a re-design of the MS.755 to allow it to function as a four-seat liaison aircraft instead; accordingly, the new aircraft was later given the designation of "MS.760 Paris".
According to aerospace publication "Flight International", the adaption from the earlier Fleuret to the Paris had been largely achieved via the elimination of the former's armament, the re-design of the cabin floor to remove the downward ejection hatch arrangement, and the repositioning of the cabin's rear bulkhead slightly aft. To avoid a reduction of the aircraft's available fuel tankage as a result of the latter change, the tank was re-profiled in other areas to expand it. In spite of these changes, the Paris still retained the favourable flying characteristics and did not entirely foreclose its use as a trainer aircraft.
The Paris differed from the majority of liaison aircraft then in service by its use of jet propulsion, instead of a turboprop or piston engine. According to M. Vichou, the head of the design department of Morane-Saulnier, the decision to adopt a pair of Turbomeca Marboré jet engines had been determined to be the superior option available; studies found that a single turboprop engine capable of providing at least 2,000 hp was necessary to produce a comparable performance, which would have resulted in the additional complications of appropriately accommodating a fairly large propeller in the design. Another alternative in using a pair of small turboprop engines was also less convenient than the Marboré engine, which could be positioned relatively low down in the airframe and in close proximity to the aircraft's centre-line.
The all-up weight of the Paris, including a payload of four passengers and 30 kg (66 lb) of baggage, was 3,397 kg (7,470 lb) and its maximum flight speed was 650 km/h (400 mph). According to the manufacturer, it was able to ascend to an altitude of 7,000m (22,900ft) in 18 minutes; at this altitude and at maximum continuous thrust, the aircraft had a flight endurance of 2 hours 45 minutes and a maximum range of 930 miles. In terms of fuel, the main fuselage tank contained up to 1,000 litres (220 gal), while a further 250 litres (55 gal) could be accommodated in each tip-tank. A feature that was intended to be used in emergency situations was the provisioning of the tip-tanks with electrically actuated valves, which enabled the rapid dumping of any remaining fuel. Actuation of the flaps, dive-brake and undercarriage was provided using electric motors delivering power via flexible shafts and Lear electric motors. The nose of the Paris contained much of the avionics and electrical systems, including the radio, alternators, batteries and motors. Access to the engines was provided via a completely detachable tail unit; the wings could also be similarly detached without the necessity of removing the undercarriage. The sizable main canopy was a one-piece moulding, being 8 mm (0.3 lin) thick. For increased passenger comfort, the cabin was both fully pressurized and air-conditioned.
On 29 July 1954, the prototype MS.760, registered F-WGVO (F-BGVO), took off on its maiden flight. Various features of its design, such as its T-shaped vertical stabilizer, low wing, and two Turbomeca Marboré II 400 kg turbojets internally mounted side by side within the aft fuselage, led to the aircraft being largely characterized for its inherent stability during flight. The French military emerged as a crucial early customer for the Paris, ordering a large batch of 50 aircraft to perform liaison duties for both the French Air Force and the French Navy, replacing older types such as the Nord Noralpha and Nord Norécrin. The securing of this order allowed Morane-Saulnier to proceed with quantity production of the type. On 27 February 1958, the first production aircraft performed its first flight. Early aircraft were provided with a total of four seats, two in the front and two in the back, and a retractable tricycle landing gear.
Production.
By the early 1960s, the main production focus of Morane-Saulnier firmly set on the Paris. According to "Flight International", by May 1961, 100 aircraft had been completed and the type was being manufactured at a rate of four per month. At the same time, roughly 200 aircraft were reportedly on order; while the French Air Force was still the primary customer for the type, additional export sales arrangements had been achieved with ten separate foreign countries. "Flight International" also reported that Morane-Saulnier had come to two separate agreements to license manufacturing of the Paris to other companies.
As early as 1955, even prior to the Paris having entered into production, it was known that American manufacturer Beech Aircraft held considerable interest in the programme, and was reportedly considered options for producing the type in North America under licence from Morane-Saulnier. For a time, the Paris was the only twin-jet civil aircraft and there was no direct competitors available. In response to this interest, senior design staff at the French company spent considerable time in the United States during the development phase of the programme. Reportedly, by 1955, Beechcraft had requested that the Paris, installed with the latest model of the Marboré engine, be dispatched to North American to perform demonstration flights totalling 500 flight hours. Later that year, this demonstration was conducted, during which the aircraft visited several major cities across both the United States and Canada.
Detailed production plans were mooted by Beechcraft and Morane-Saulnier; one key difference of the projected American-built aircraft was the adoption of the US-built Teledyne CAE J69 engine, a licence-built development of the Marboré, to take the place of the French-built powerplants. Beechcraft led approaches to both the United States Navy and the Royal Canadian Air Force, offering the Paris to meet their requirements for a jet-propelled trainer aircraft. During January 1958, the company announced a price of $210,000 for a single US-built Paris, spare parts, maintenance tooling, and a training course to familiarise operators with tending to the needs of the relatively unfamiliar jet engine; this measure was due to relatively few private companies, let alone private operators, possessing any experience with jet propulsion. However, American sales of the Paris were not forthcoming, reportedly, only two sales were made during Beechcraft's tenure as the type's distributor; by early 1961, when Beechcraft chose to abandon all distribution activities involving the type, a number of more advanced business jets, such as the Lockheed JetStar and the North American Sabreliner, had become available and gained traction in the market. 
During 1961, production commenced on an improved variant of the type, designated as the "MS.760B Paris II", fitted with a pair of Marboré VI 480 kg engines, wingtip fuel tanks, air conditioning, and an enlarged luggage compartment. Following the bankruptcy of Morane-Saulnier in 1961, the company was acquired by aviation firm Potez, who continued development on work on the type for a time. On 24 February 1964, a six-passenger version, designated "MS.760C Paris III", performed its first flight; however, there was ultimately no production of this variant. Production of the Paris II ceased, and production of the Paris III never started as hopes of a substantial order to support its launch went unfulfilled. During the type's production run, a total of 153 aircraft (of both Paris I and Paris II variants) were manufactured for several different operators, including the French Air Force, the French Navy, the Argentinian Air Force, and the Brazilian Air Force.
Operational history.
On 18 July 1956, the French government requisitioned a batch of 50 aircraft, including 14 of which that were destined for the Navy, from Morane-Saulnier. The first plane was delivered on 9 February 1959 to Naval Air Station (N.A.S.) Dugny-Le Bourget, before going to the C.E.P.A. (directly translated as Aeronautical Practical Experiment Center - in English this would probably be "Flight Test Centre") in 1959–60, for the flight tests necessary to develop training programs and materials. The type was also purchased by several countries such as Brazil and Argentina; 36 planes were license-built by Fabrica Militar de Aviones (FMA) in Argentina. The MS.760B Paris II, with various systems improvements and integral fuel tanks in the leading edges of the wing, first flew on 12 December 1960.
Between September 1962 and November 1974, a fleet of six MS.760Bs were flown on training duties by the Rijksluchtvaartschool based at Groningen Airport in the north of the Netherlands. From 1958 to the early 1970s, a single MS 760 was used as a flying classroom at the "College of Aeronautics" at Cranfield, United Kingdom; the aircraft was equipped to study stability and control together with performance as part of the MSc course.
The 14 MS.760 were assigned to Flight 11.S from 9 February 1959 onwards. The last plane, No. 88, was delivered on 27 July 1961. In 1965, MS.760 No. 48 was briefly assigned to Flight 3.S based at N.A.S Hyères. From 1970 onwards, all the 12 remaining MS.760s were assigned to Flight 2.S based at N.A.S. Lann-Bihoué. During May 1972, these aircraft were dispatched to the S.R.L. On 1 September 1981, this unit became Flight 57.S. Their missions were to provide various forms of training, such as Dassault Super Étendard and Vought F-8 Crusader pilot instrument flight rules (IFR) flight, all-weather flights, advanced training for new pilots, proficiency training for other pilots and A.L.P.A. (admirals commanding the carriers and Naval Aviation), and first and second Aerial Regions liaisons. Eight MS.760 Paris were on the unit's flightline. During October 1997, following 40 years of service, the aircraft were retired at Landivisiau Naval Air Station.
The MS.760s of the Argentine Air Force performed active combat operations during the suppression of the 1963 Argentine Navy Revolt, during which they were used to bomb a rebel-held radio station as well as the Punta Indio naval airfield, resulting in the destruction of several aircraft on the ground. During 2007, after 48 years of continuous service, the Argentine Air Force retired their last "Paris".
During 2009, a private company, JetSet International Ltd, purchased in excess of 30 retired MS760s from the French and Argentinian governments, along with the acquisition of the type certificate, tooling, components, engineering plans and drawings from SOCATA, the successor company to Morane-Saulnier. The company reportedly had ambitions to refurbish existing airframes and to install current-generation jet engines and avionics for the purpose of selling them on to operators for approximately $550,000. That same year, a new two-ship aerial demonstration team, called Team MS760 Aerobatics, was formed, intending to use a pair of the refurbished aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="6931978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931978" title="Morane Saulnier MS-760">
Morane Saulnier MS-760



</doc>
<doc id="6931981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931981" title="Scott Griffin">
Scott Griffin

Scott Griffin, (born 1938) is a Canadian businessman and philanthropist best known for founding the Griffin Poetry Prize in 2000, one of the world's most generous poetry awards, and Poetry In Voice, a bilingual recitation competition for Canadian high schools. Griffin has been interviewed on CBC Radio, discussing the genesis of his love for poetry, reading from his favourite works and paying tribute to poet Seamus Heaney, who received the Griffin Lifetime Recognition Award in 2012.
Griffin is chairman, director and majority shareholder since 2002 of publisher House of Anansi Press/Groundwood Books. He is also chairman and director of Steam Whistle Brewing, and a director of "Literary Review of Canada".
He was formerly chairman of the Governors of Sedbergh School in Canada, a director of DGC Entertainment Ventures Corp and Chancellor of Bishop's University.
Griffin was previously chairman, director and majority shareholder of two Canadian manufacturing companies. General Kinetics Engineering Corporation (Brampton, Ontario, Canada) designs and manufactures components for military and other tracked vehicles and high-speed rail. Advance Precision Ltd. (Mississauga, Ontario, Canada) designed and manufactured parts for the automotive industry, and was acquired by a US manufacturing firm.
Griffin was on several NGO boards, as a director of Canadian Executive Services Overseas (CESO), a volunteer advisor to CESO and a director of African Medical and Research Foundation (AMREF) Canada and AMREF International.
In 2006, Griffin published a memoir entitled "My Heart Is Africa" that recounted his two-year aviation adventure starting in 1996, working for the Flying Doctors Service in Africa. All royalties from the sale of the book are donated to the AMREF Flying Doctors Service. The book was named to "The Globe and Mail" top 100 for 2006.
Griffin is married to jewellery designer Krystyne Griffin and has four children and eight grandchildren. He was appointed an officer of the Order of Canada on December 30, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6931987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931987" title="Montjuic Stadium">
Montjuic Stadium



</doc>
<doc id="6931989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931989" title="MS.760">
MS.760



</doc>
<doc id="6931994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931994" title="Hogun the Grim">
Hogun the Grim



</doc>
<doc id="6931999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6931999" title="Kechnec">
Kechnec

Kechnec (; ) is a village in eastern Slovakia.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 180 metres and covers an area of 10.211 km2. The municipality is part of the administrative units Košice-okolie District and Košice Region. It has a population of about 1080 people.
History.
Historically, the village was first mentioned in 1220 as a settlement called "Felnemet". Being on the Hungarian Queen’s land at the lower stream of the River Hornád, the territory of Kechnec was settled by German immigrants at the turn of the 12th and 13th centuries. We know that from the Varadin’s Register of 1220. In 1295 the Queen Agnes gave the town of Kechnec, together with another 7 small towns to Menne, a surrogate breastfeeder of King Ladislaus IV of Hungary. An old document dated to 1338 says that in this town there was a mill, located near the present town of Seňa, which was preserved to the modern times. This documents active work and life of local farmers. The King Sigmund, another major player in the history of the town, gave Kechnec to the Marmoss administrator Peter of Perin. It was a gift for his loyalty and military merits. This fact documents the importance of Kechnec at that time. The donation and merit document is interesting due to its bilingual name – "Felnemethy alio domine Kemnech". Although already before the time of arrival of German colonists the town of Kechnec had had its own Slavic name, which the Germans adopted, it also got its official Hungarian name Felnémeti. In 1560 the town was named "Kenyhecz Nempty", in 1605 "Kenyhecz", in 1808 "Kechnec", and the last mentioned name has been preserved until now. According to the conscriptions of local priests and churches, in 1746 people in Kechnec spoke Slovak. A number of major landowners were resident in the town, from among which it is worth to mention the Kenyheczi and Czikovics families. János Czikovics obtained Kechnec from King Leopold I in 1689 in Vienna.
Economy.
Nowadays, Kechnec is becoming an industrial centre of this region. Kechnec Industrial Zone is a green field of 332 hectares (820 acres) with a newly constructed public infrastructure. New investors are coming here, that gives new opportunities for work.
Twin towns — sister cities.
Kechnec is twinned with:
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6932002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932002" title="Fandral the Dashing">
Fandral the Dashing



</doc>
<doc id="6932005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932005" title="Bohumír Šmeral">
Bohumír Šmeral

Bohumír Šmeral (25 October 1880 – 8 May 1941) was a Czech politician, leader of the Czech Social Democratic Party, and one of the founders of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia.
Early life.
Šmeral was born into a relatively well to-do family in a small town. While studying at the gymnasium in Třebíč he joined the local wing of the Czech Social Democratic Party. During 1898–1904 he studied law at the Charles University in Prague and actively engaged in politics. Since 1899 he also worked as a journalist in the party newspaper "Právo lidu" and as a public speaker. He also published several theoretical works.
Political career.
Being able, outspoken and hard working, Šmeral was elected to the executive committee of social democracy (in 1909) and into the parliament of Austria (Reichsrat), in 1911. According to historian Jan Galandauer he was the most competent politician among Czech social democrats.
During World War I Šmeral became head of social democracy. He advocated federalization of Austria-Hungary as the best way to achieve the goals of the worker's movement and argued against creation of small national states. As the war dragged on and faith in the monarchy vanished, the other leaders of the party grew discontented. During September 1917, Gustav Habrman, František Soukup, František Tomášek, Rudolf Bechyně and others criticized Šmeral for his pro-Austrian stance and forced him to resign. 
After 28 October 1918, when Czechoslovakia was established, he refused to participate in politics of the new state and until the end of 1919 worked as a correspondent of "Právo lidu" in Switzerland.
During the spring of 1920, Šmeral visited Soviet Russia where he discussed the future directions of the left movement in Czechoslovakia with V. I. Lenin. After his return, he led the left-wing of Social Democracy, preparing for the creation of the communist party and participated in work of the Comintern. In May 1921 he co-founded, together with Antonín Zápotocký, the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia (KSČ) and served in its executive committee (later named the central committee, ÚV KSČ).
Šmeral was criticized as too moderate and for "social democratism" by radicals. He worked as an executive of the Comintern from 1926, most of the time outside Czechoslovakia. During the 1930s he organized anti-fascist movements. In September 1938, after the Sudetenland Crisis resulted in the Munich Agreement, he left for Moscow and joined the exiled leadership ("zahraniční vedení") of the KSČ (soon banned in Nazi-occupied Czechoslovakia).
In November 1938 he went to Moscow, where he died on 8 May 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="6932007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932007" title="Goldsborough">
Goldsborough

Goldsborough may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6932009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932009" title="Elżbieta Czyżewska">
Elżbieta Czyżewska

Elżbieta Justyna Czyżewska (May 14, 1938 – June 17, 2010) was a Polish actress active in both Poland and the United States. She began her career in Poland before moving to New York City in the 1960s.
She gained critical acclaim in the early 1960s that culminated in breakthrough performances in "The Saragossa Manuscript" (1964, dir. Wojciech Jerzy Has), "Marriage of Convenience" (1966, dir. Stanisław Bareja) and "Everything for Sale" (1969, dir. Andrzej Wajda). Czyżewska received the Obie Award for Distinguished Performance by an Actress in 1990 for "Crowbar".
Early life.
Czyżewska was born in Warsaw in 1938. She attended the State Academy of Theatre in Warsaw and was advised by the dean that in order to play leading roles in romantic repertory theater, she should undergo plastic surgery to reduce the size of her breasts. She refused after consulting with her colleagues in the anti-establishment Student Satirical Theatre.
Her first marriage was to film director Jerzy Skolimowski. In 1965, she married the "New York Times" Warsaw correspondent David Halberstam. She left Poland for the United States with him, but they divorced in 1977.
Career in Poland.
At the peak of her film and theater career, and in trouble with the communist regime because of her marriage to Halberstam, Czyżewska was cast by the Polish director Andrzej Wajda in his film "Everything for Sale". The young directors of the Polish new wave in cinema recognized their peer in breaking the conventions of superficial romantic comedy. In "A Bride for the Australian" (1963), "Where is the General" (1963) and "Giuseppe in Warsaw" (1964), Czyżewska created a character who was almost the reverse of the Cinderella-versus-Prince Charming formula, as it was her charm and wit that turned her suitors into her equals. Not a "method" actor, she did not try to disappear into characters or let her beauty wholly define her succession of screen and stage parts. Wojciech Has directed her performance in "The Saragossa Manuscript" (1964).
Perhaps Czyżewska's most significant stage success was in the Teatr Dramatyczny 1965 production of Arthur Miller's "After the Fall". By now internationally recognized as one of Poland's top young actors, she expanded her artistic range in two film dramas: "Unloved" (1965) by Janusz Nasfeter and Wajda's "Everything for Sale" (1968). The dark mood of those films marked the country's disillusionment after a brief period of cultural "thaw". "Unloved", set shortly before the outbreak of World War II, tells the story of a young Jewish woman's love affair.
Czyżewska became an outcast and exile because of her marriage to Halberstam, who was expelled from Poland for his sharp criticisms of the regime. Czyżewska's career was disrupted, and when she returned in 1968 at Wajda's invitation to play in his film "Everything for Sale", production was complicated by the March outbreak of student protests and the start of the communist government's antisemitic expulsions. Czyżewska was expelled, and partly because she promptly accepted a role in exiled director Aleksander Ford's adaptation of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn's "The First Circle", she was unable to work in Poland until 1980, when Lech Wałęsa's Solidarność movement had great influence.
Career in the United States.
The 1987 Hollywood film "Anna" is loosely based on Czyżewska's life. In the film, an exiled European movie star played by Sally Kirkland struggles to find work in New York City following her divorce from a well-connected intellectual, presumably based on Halberstam. Kirkland was nominated for an Academy Award in the Best Actress category and she won a Golden Globe for the role in 1988.
Czyżewska continued doing theater work in the U.S., winning an Obie Award in 1990 for her role in "Crowbar" by Mac Wellman. Her American premieres also included other Wellman plays as well as Janusz Głowacki's "Hunting Cockroaches". She performed in Ibsen's "When We Dead Awaken" at the American Repertory Theater and in several productions at Yale Repertory Theater. She also played in "Big Potato" (by Arthur Laurents) at the Doris Duke Theater.
Czyżewska played the role of Greek socialite Maria Mitsotáki in a 1990 stage adaptation of "The Changing Light at Sandover" by James Merrill, sharing the stage with the poet. The performance was filmed and released as "Voices From Sandover" (Films for the Humanities, Inc., FFH 4182, distributed by Films Media Group, Princeton, New Jersey).
Her American films include "Music Box", "Running on Empty", Eduardo Machado's "Exiles In New York" and "Putney Swope". Czyżewska's television appearances include the American Playhouse drama "Misplaced" on PBS. Her most recent theater roles were in Martha Clarke's "Vienna Lusthaus", "Hedda Gabler" at the New Theatre Workshop in 2004 and "Darkling" in 2006. In June 2007, she returned to Poland for a performance of "Darkling" in Gniezno at the Aleksander Fredro Teatr.
In May 2005, Czyżewska was honored with the Cultural Award of Merit by the consul general of the New York Polish consulate, the highest award that a Polish-American may receive. The ceremony began the first American retrospective of her work at the first New York Polish Film Festival, directed by Hanna Hartowicz.
Czyżewska's final leading role was in the film "June Weddings", adapted from a play written and directed by Barbara Hammond, which brought her great critical praise on the film-festival circuit. Her role as a Russian émigré in New York was called "superbly acted" and "a grown-up feast". The "Baltimore City Paper" wrote that "The delightful Elzbieta Czyzewska plays a Russian woman so slyly, seductively Old World and languorous she gives 'v' its own beat when she says 'love'." The film also starred Tom Noonan.
Death.
Czyżewska died on June 17, 2010, in New York at the age of 72 from esophageal cancer.
John Guare wrote "Erased/Elżbieta", a tribute play about her, which premiered at the Atlantic Theater in New York in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="6932016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932016" title="Bloody Parrot">
Bloody Parrot



</doc>
<doc id="6932018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932018" title="Bohumir Smeral">
Bohumir Smeral



</doc>
<doc id="6932019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932019" title="Blood Parrotfish">
Blood Parrotfish



</doc>
<doc id="6932022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932022" title="The Latin Mass Society of England and Wales">
The Latin Mass Society of England and Wales



</doc>
<doc id="6932023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932023" title="Jatra">
Jatra

Jatra may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6932035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932035" title="Fallingbrook, Ottawa">
Fallingbrook, Ottawa

Fallingbrook is a neighbourhood in the community of Orleans, a suburb in the city of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It is located on the east edge of Orleans and is bounded by Tenth Line Road in the west, St. Joseph Boulevard to the north, Trim Road to the east and Innes Road to the south. Below the community of Fallingbrook flows the Ottawa River, and Petrie Island is the closest beach.
The community was formerly part of the Township of Cumberland and has rapidly developed over the past two decades, with new developments underway. Development commenced in 1985 from what had been farmlands. In 2012, its population is over 25,000. Mainly families choose to live in Orléans because of the many elementary schools and high schools. In total, there are two secondary high schools and eight elementary schools in the area, including a recreational complex with a daycare. Attached to the Ray Friel Centre, is the community's only public library.
The Fallingbrook Community Association plays a big part in bringing the town together. To help to unite the community, they hold various local events to encourage people to get active within their community. Among the programs and events are Canada Day, Summerfest, Neighbourhood Watch program, and a community garage sale in the early springtime.
One of Fallingbrook's natural beauties is Princess Louise Falls, which can be found below Princess Louise Drive. The falls are hidden by foliage from view, and access is granted by pedestrian trails.

</doc>
<doc id="6932037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932037" title="Caldan">
Caldan



</doc>
<doc id="6932047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932047" title="Sakkuth">
Sakkuth

Sakkuth is an Australian melodic metal band formed in Brisbane, Queensland in 1998. They describe themselves as "melodic metal". The band was active in the Brisbane heavy metal scene and around Australia for nearly 10 years.
Members.
The beginning.
Sakkuth was created by Adam Merker (guitars '94-'05) and Moises Contreras (vocals '94-present). Craig Hollywood was hired as second guitar, Wolfgang on Keyboard, Scott Ward on Drums and various Bass players tried to fill the slot while the band found its feet. After performing with this line-up the decision was made to look into other line up options. A number of line-up changes later, Scott McIvor was hired for lead guitar, Damien Biggers was poached from a local band after impressing Adam with his drumming on his previous band's demo. Lindal Loakes joined the band almost by accident and the lineup became complete. The first EP was recorded at "Soul Studios" on the Gold Coast in Queensland by Adam Keane (guitarist and producer of SoundSurgery). This independent release was well received by both fans and radio with the first song from the EP "Time and Sweet Nectar" receiving continual air time on "JJJ's" three hours of power and the evergrowing crowds at live shows. This track was also included on a JJJ metal compilation receiving national distribution.
After writing the songs for the first full-length "Quest from within" Sakkuth guitarist Adam Merker started Studio Anders Debeerz for the specific purpose of recording the band's music.
Previous Members.
Lindal Loakes left the band prior to writing "Quest from Within" citing creative differences as the reason.
In Late 2005 Guitarist and co-founder, Adam Merker, left the band to spend more time with his family and to concentrate on his career as a producer/engineer (Studio Anders Debeerz).
Discography.
From Wretched Blood
Don't Fight the Urge (re-issue) [2005]
Don't Fight the Urge [2002]
Quest From Within Self-released [2000] Review
Sakkuth [EP] Self-released [1998]
Compilation albums.
Their track "Time and Sweet Nectar" was included on the first edition of the compilation "Full Metal Racket" volume 1 released by Australia's music radio network Triple J in association with their heavy metal music program Full Metal Racket.

</doc>
<doc id="6932050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932050" title="Nicholas Tomalin">
Nicholas Tomalin

Nicholas Osborne Tomalin (30 October 1931 – 17 October 1973) was an English journalist and writer.
Tomalin was the son of Miles Tomalin, a Communist poet and veteran of the Spanish Civil War. He studied English literature at Trinity Hall, Cambridge. As a student he was President of the Cambridge Union and editor of the prestigious undergraduate "Granta" magazine. He graduated in 1954 and began work as a foreign correspondent for various London newspapers. He married fellow Cambridge graduate Claire Delavenay (Claire Tomalin) in 1955 and they had three daughters and two sons. In spite of numerous affairs on his part, they remained together until his death.
He later co-wrote a book with Ron Hall about amateur sailor Donald Crowhurst's failed attempt to circumnavigate the world and subsequent suicide.
His article "The General Goes Zapping Charlie Cong" was included in Tom Wolfe's 1973 anthology "The New Journalism", which was a collection of non-fiction pieces emblematic of a new movement of reporting aimed at revolutionising the field.
Tomalin's articles often began with bombastic statements on their subject matter. The best known of these is: "The only qualities essential for real success in journalism are ratlike cunning, a plausible manner and a little literary ability".
Tomalin was killed in the Golan Heights by a Syrian wire-guided missile on 17 October 1973 while reporting on the Arab–Israeli War.
In November 2005, the journalism trade publication "Press Gazette" named Tomalin among its top 40 "journalists of the modern era".

</doc>
<doc id="6932051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932051" title="Conidiophore">
Conidiophore



</doc>
<doc id="6932057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932057" title="Torrijos Herrera">
Torrijos Herrera



</doc>
<doc id="6932058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932058" title="Jools Oliver">
Jools Oliver



</doc>
<doc id="6932070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932070" title="J. S. Holliday">
J. S. Holliday

Jaquelin Smith Holliday II (10 June 1924 – 31 August 2006) was an American historian.
Notable works.
Holliday wrote a masterly history of the California Gold Rush that capped three decades of painstaking research on the era.
Holliday's "The World Rushed In: The California Gold Rush Experience", first published in 1981, is noteworthy for its innovative narrative style that blends scholarly commentary and analysis with words of the miners themselves and their families.
Kevin Starr, a California historian and former state librarian, describes Holliday as a pioneer of the docudrama narrative. Documentarian Ken Burns featured Holliday in his PBS series The West, and once said "no one writes better about California's irresistible past."
Holliday's narrative drew heavily from the diaries and correspondence of William Swain, a farmer in Youngstown, New York who made a seven-month trek to California in 1849. Swain penned detailed accounts of his transcontinental journey.
Holliday was introduced to Swain's writings during his final year at Yale University. Ed Eberstadt, a dealer in rare books, showed Holliday Swain's diary, which was part of the Yale collection. Eberstadt emphasized that it was the "most important" diary of the Gold Rush, but Holliday initially wasn't impressed with Swain's journals.
After reading diaries left by other 49'ers, Holliday realized the significance of Swain's writings. Most diaries from the Gold Rush were "little more than daily recitations of miles traveled and weather conditions, with an occasional complaint or observation about food, dust or some other discomfort," Holliday once wrote.
Biography.
Holliday preferred to go by his first and middle initials. He used the nickname "Jim".
Holliday majored in history at Yale, graduating in 1948. His studies at Yale were interrupted by World War II, during which he served as a lieutenant in the U.S. Navy.
Holliday received a doctorate in history from the University of California, Berkeley in 1958.
He was founding director of the Oakland Museum of California. Holliday's attempt to involve members of Oakland's African American community in the governance of the museum resulted in his dismissal two months before the facility's opening in 1969.
Subsequent to leaving the Oakland Museum, Mr. Holliday served two terms as Executive Director of the California Historical Society (CHS), 1970-1977 and 1983 to early 1985.
During his first term with CHS, Holliday was responsible for launching the photographic exhibit of Executive Order 9066, concerning the Japanese American incarceration during World War II. The exhibition catalog carried an introduction by the late Edison Uno, one of the two Japanese-Americans who started the drive for the repeal of Title II of the Internal Security Act. In 1972 Executive Order 9066 was shown at The Whitney Museum and simultaneously at the de Young Museum in San Francisco and The Oakland Museum. Many of the images were the work of photographer Dorothea Lange.
Holliday's 2nd wife, Belinda Vidor Jones, was daughter of director King Vidor.

</doc>
<doc id="6932071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932071" title="Leopoldo Lopez Mendoza">
Leopoldo Lopez Mendoza



</doc>
<doc id="6932072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932072" title="Bohumil Šmeral">
Bohumil Šmeral



</doc>
<doc id="6932078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932078" title="American standard code for information interchange">
American standard code for information interchange



</doc>
<doc id="6932081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932081" title="Treasure (Cussler novel)">
Treasure (Cussler novel)



</doc>
<doc id="6932082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932082" title="The Dock, D.C.">
The Dock, D.C.



</doc>
<doc id="6932084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932084" title="Bohumil Smeral">
Bohumil Smeral



</doc>
<doc id="6932085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932085" title="Matthew Huang">
Matthew Huang

Matthew Huang (born March 26, 1984) is a Canadian competitive swimmer.
At age 15, Huang qualified for the Canada national swimming team. In 2000, he qualified as a member of the Canadian Olympic swimming team to compete in Sydney, Australia. Huang would go on to represent Canada at many international swimming competitions but only re-emerged in 2005 as a national team member to attend the World Aquatics Championships in Montreal and the World Student Games in İzmir, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="6932086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932086" title="Touch Connors">
Touch Connors



</doc>
<doc id="6932089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932089" title="Šmeral">
Šmeral

Šmeral is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6932094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932094" title="Smeral">
Smeral



</doc>
<doc id="6932095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932095" title="Cycle Collstrop">
Cycle Collstrop

Cycle Collstrop () was a Swedish UCI Professional Continental cycling team. It was the successor to Unibet.com, which was mainly sponsored by the online gambling website Unibet.com and as a continuation of the MrBookmaker.com cycling team.
The team rode on the European Continental Circuit, until the beginning of the 2007 season, when they were granted a ProTour licence. In 2008, they were awarded a Professional Continental licence. The new team was led by Steffen Wesemann, and problems previously experienced through having had sponsorship from a betting company were avoided with new sponsorship from a wooden flooring company.
Unibet.com had also been drawn into the "Operación Puerto" doping investigation. The cyclist Carlos Quesada was named by the Spanish authorities as a patient of Dr. Eufemiano Fuentes and was suspended by the team. Although Quesada had been named, he has not yet been formally charged with doping, which led to the management of Unibet.com to lift its suspension of Quesada two weeks after it was imposed. Nevertheless, the team did not pay the Spanish cyclist his salary, which led to a lawsuit, finally resolved with Quesada leaving the team in exchange for a compensation.
The team, whose sponsors have pulled out of cycling, failed to submit its application for renewal by the 20 November 2007 deadline and did not take part in the 2008 UCI ProTour. Many of the team members went to the newly formed team Vacansoleil.
Dispute with race organisers.
Despite obtaining a ProTour license for the 2007 season, Unibet.com were not granted entry in Paris–Nice, the inaugural race of the series. The organiser of the French race, Amaury Sport Organisation, argued that French law bans gambling companies (except for Française des Jeux and PMU, as well as some casinos). Nevertheless, Unibet.com took part in the French races GP La Marseillaise and Étoile de Bessèges with special jerseys without their sponsor's name.
RCS also snubbed Unibet.com for the Tirreno–Adriatico, explaining that Italian gambling law required a special license for Unibet. However, as the Unibet.com management pointed out, Unibet did have the license, while Predictor-Lotto's sponsor (the Belgian national lottery) did not, but the Belgian squad was allowed to race on Italian soil. RCS further contradicted themselves when they later invited Unibet.com to Milan–San Remo in which Jeremy Hunt was their best rider, finishing in 17th place, ahead of former winners such as Filippo Pozzato or Paolo Bettini.
However, Unibet.com was not chosen to ride in any of the three Grand Tours.

</doc>
<doc id="6932105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932105" title="WirePhoto">
WirePhoto



</doc>
<doc id="6932106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932106" title="López Caro">
López Caro



</doc>
<doc id="6932112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932112" title="Benny Ibarra">
Benny Ibarra

Benny Ibarra de Llano known as Benny Ibarra is a Mexican singer, musician, producer and actor. He was born into a family of artists. His mother, Julissa, was a singer and actress in the 1960s; and his father, Benny, an actor and 1960s rock singer in the Mexican band Los Yaki. His brother, Alejandro Ibarra, is a singer and actor.
Ibarra started his music career in the pop band Timbiriche (1981), and began working as a solo artist in 1992. He reunited with Timbiriche for the 1999 Reunion and again for the 25th Anniversary Tour in 2007- 2008. Additionally he was part of trio that consisted of 3 former members of the Mexican pop group Timbiriche, consisting of Sasha Sokol, Benny Ibarra and Erik Rubin Sasha, Benny y Erik that formed in 2012-2016. 
In 2017, Benny joined the original founding members of Timbiriche (current line up includes original members Sasha Sokol, Benny Ibarra, Alix Bauer, Erik Rubin, Mariana Garza and Diego Schoening) to celebrate the 35th anniversary of the group. The tour will continue into 2018.
Pre-solo career.
As part of Timbiriche, he recorded 7 albums. He also starred in "Vaselina" (Grease). Ibarra left Timbiriche in 1986, and from 1985 to 1989 he studied jazz, guitar, classical music, and composition at the Walnut Hill School in Boston. In 1998, Timbiriche reunited to tour Mexico and Central America, and in 1999 released a live album "El Concierto". Ibarra recorded the album "Mar Adentro en la Sangre" with Guadalajara-based progressive rock band Santa Sabina the same year. 

</doc>
<doc id="6932124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932124" title="List of Jatras in Nepal">
List of Jatras in Nepal

Jatra (, ) refers to the types of Newa Festivals involving street festival or carnival.

</doc>
<doc id="6932125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932125" title="Unibet.com Cyling Team">
Unibet.com Cyling Team



</doc>
<doc id="6932137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932137" title="Warren's Shaft">
Warren's Shaft

Warren's Shaft is a vertical shaft next to the Gihon Spring, the main source of water of Bronze and Iron Age Jerusalem, discovered in 1867 by British engineer, archaeologist and military officer Charles Warren. The term is currently used in either a narrower or a wider sense:
After the 19th-century discovery of the vertical natural shaft, it was thought to have been the centrepiece of the city's early water supply system, since it would have enabled the city's occupants to safely reach fresh water in times of siege. This view is still held by many archaeologists, though some believe the shaft was never used in the water system and that it was discovered by chance only during the Iron Age.
In 2005, archaeologists discovered a massively fortified passage connected to a tower above the Gihon Spring. These fortifications appear to have provided secure surface access to the spring from inside the Middle Bronze Age city wall. How these fortifications relate to Warren's Shaft and tunnel remains a matter for discussion.
Discovery.
The discovery was published by the Palestine Exploration Fund, in the form of a letter from Charles Warren on 12 December 1867. The letter ends: "The discovery of a shaft down to the water of the Virgin's Fount threw considerable light upon the object of the rock-cut canals about Jerusalem, as proving them as, had been conjectured by some, to have been for conducting away the refuse and blood from the temple."
Biblical reference.
The Old Testament () states that King David conquered Jerusalem from the Jebusites, after Joab had gained secret access to the walled town through a feature called in Hebrew the "tsinnor". The accuracy of this story has been questioned by some historians. Some have speculated that the "tsinnor" is Warren's Shaft. The shaft was demonstrated to be traversable when Sergeant Birtles, a member of Warren's team, climbed up the shaft. The Hebrew word has a variety of meanings, so its interpretation as a "shaft" remains open to question. 
Others have speculated that the "tsinnor" is the massive fortified passage near Gihon, built by the Canaanites as a protected access to their water supply, or that the "tsinnor" is one of the many subterranean tunnels around the Gihon Spring. Others think that it has nothing to do with water shafts at all but that it instead should be interpreted as "windpipe", referring to the throats of those who lived in the city. Most interpreters stick to the water shaft hypothesis, however.
Overview.
The wider meaning of the term includes four sections in sequence:
Shaft.
It is generally believed that the 13-metres-high shaft is a natural karst "chimney". Water pools around the base of the shaft, which extends down to the water table. Opinion remains divided as to whether the shaft could have been used to raise water up to the tunnel. Opinion is divided on when the shaft was discovered, with some thinking that happened as early as the Middle Bronze Age, and others thinking it happened no earlier than the 8th century BCE.
In design, Warren's Shaft connects to an underground channel carved from the rock, known as Hezekiah's Tunnel, perhaps suggesting that its function was similar to the ancient qanat used to transport water underground by digging out a horizontal underground gallery that conveys water from aquifers in pre-mountainous alluvial fans to lower elevation farmlands. If so, the vertical shaft connecting the channel was designed to permit access to the canal or culvert for both construction and maintenance, as well as to afford light and ventilation.
Water system tunnels.
The hard dolomite rock around the Gihon Spring pool is honeycombed with natural karst fissures through which groundwater percolates. At various times, some of these fissures were utilised as aids in the digging of tunnels and channels to control the flow of subsurface water, and especially at the Gihon Spring. Many different opinions have been expressed on the dating, history and function of these tunnels since they were first explored in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
Apart from the Gihon Spring pool, nine main components of the water system have been identified:
Fortified passage and Spring Tower.
From about 1995 to 2005, Ronny Reich and Eli Shukron excavated a system of massive fortifications above, and upslope from, the Gihon Spring. These fortifications were built during the Middle Bronze Age (c.1800-1700 BCE), though they remained upstanding and possibly functional, through into the Iron Age, being repaired at various times. Recent excavations (since 2013) have uncovered houses of the 8th century BCE built against a part of these fortifications.
The fortifications consist of two parts: (1) a "fortified passage", and (2) the "Spring Tower". The "fortified passage" extends 30 metres downslope from the MBA city wall, where it once joined the Spring Tower. Its walls are up to 3 metres thick and preserved up to 9 metres high. The massive Spring Tower was built above the Gihon Spring. The passage and tower allowed townspeople to exit the town and go down to the spring within the protection of the fortifications. The excavators believe that the fortified passage could once have ascended to the crest of the hill, possibly to link up with a fortress or citadel there.

</doc>
<doc id="6932145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932145" title="Kings Priory School">
Kings Priory School

Kings Priory School is a coeducational all-through school and sixth form located in Tynemouth, Tyne and Wear, England. The principal is Philip Sanderson. The school has a Christian foundation as the largest member of the Woodard Corporation, but accepts pupils of any religious background. It is located immediately to the east of Tynemouth Metro Station.
The school was founded in 1860 and in 1865 became known as Tynemouth School and was originally situated in the old headmaster's house, now Tynemouth House, which continues to be used for conferences and teaching. Later the name 'The King's School, Tynemouth' was used. Previously a fee-charging private school, The King's School converted to academy status in September 2013, merging with the Priory Primary school in Tynemouth and was renamed Kings Priory School. It remains a member of the Woodard Corporation but is now state-funded.
History.
The school was founded in Jarrow in 1860, but by 1865 had moved to its present site in Tynemouth. The school originally provided private education for local boys as Tynemouth School: the school did not become known as The King's School until the 1960s. The school's name is in reference to the three ancient kings buried at Tynemouth Priory: Oswin, Osred II and Malcolm III. Consequently, there are many student myths as to the position of the apostrophe in the name (King's, rather than Kings'). The school grew considerably in size during the second half of the 20th century and began to admit girls to both the Kindergarten and the Sixth Form during that time. The school became fully coeducational and part comprehensive in 1996, following the initial decision in 1992.
King's originally occupied a large house on Huntington Place and the adjoining terraces. This was later extended with the addition of the Nicholson Building (Nicholson's) in the 1920s, and the Ellison Block (Ellison's) in the 1960s. Further expansion occurred in 1991 with the addition of the design, technology and art block (the Provost building.) This continued in 1999 with the addition of the Chapter Building, comprising many new classrooms, along with the lecture theatre and 700-seat King's Hall. In 2008, the school continued its development with the addition of the Oswin's building. The building houses a new sports hall, dance studio, drama workshop, indoor climbing centre, a music school with recording studio, a cafeteria and all-day coffee bar, new Sixth Form study centre and social space, a new library and classrooms for English learning support, French, Spanish and PE. The building replaced 
the former music school, gym, changing rooms and cafeteria.
In 2013, the Woodard Corporation announced that King's would merge with the neighbourghing state run Priory Primary School to become a state funded Academy. This caused some controversy in the local community. The local authority, North Tyneside Council, strongly opposed the scheme and on 17 July 2013, issued a letter to the Secretary of State for Education asking that the decision be reconsidered. However the school converted to academy status in September 2013 and was renamed Kings Priory School.
Chapters.
King Priory has a long-standing House System, which has continued into the new school in the "Chapter" format. All pupils are assigned to a house upon entry to the school; Provost, Hotspur, Barfleur, and Dunelm.
Traditionally, pupils were assigned to a house depending on their area of home residence, however this practice has become more flexible in recent years. Pupils who are relations of current or former pupils are normally assigned to the same house as their predecessors.
House colours appear on school ties for all members of the senior school. In place of the school colours (red, gold and navy), the gold stripe is replaced with the pupil's house colour (e.g. red, navy and light blue for members of Provost). This practice is not continued in the Sixth Form, where students wear either a navy blue tie emblazoned with the school crest (Sixth Form) or a red tie with gold and blue stripes, similarly emblazoned with the crest (Prefects).
The house names are all linked to the area that they represent: Barfleur was the name of Admiral Collingwood's ship in The Glorious First of June, and his statue stands in Tynemouth; Dunelm is Latin for Durham and so represents those from south of the river tyne; Hotspur refers to Harry Hotspur, a Newcastle medieval military hero. Provost is the exception, being named for the Provost of the Woodard Corporation.
The House Challenge Trophy takes place each year, with pupils competing in sporting, musical and general knowledge events.
Spirituality.
The school has an Anglican tradition as a member of the Woodard Corporation. Every year group attends a morning service in the school chapel each week. Communion is open to pupils, former pupils, staff and parents, and is held twice each term. The school no longer has a chaplain.
Drama.
There is a designated drama studio and this activity, as well as the recently constructed Kings Hall. Each year there is senior play and musical and the Junior School and Kindergarten hold two productions each year. Students from all year groups are able to take individual speech and drama lessons and take the LAMDA examinations.
Sport and societies.
Each year group in the Senior School has one afternoon of games per week. Sports taught at the school include rugby, cricket, tennis, hockey, athletics, and swimming. In recent years several pupils have represented their country. Other sports include basketball, volleyball, canoeing, gymnastics, trampolining, and cross country running. The school's coastal location, together with its on-site facilities and access to nearby Prior's Park provide a range of opportunity for sport and recreation. In the cricket season, most school cricket games are played at Tynemouth Cricket Club.
Alongside provision for The Duke of Edinburgh's Award, several other clubs and societies exist, including debating and chess. A number of activities take place at the school's Field Centre outpost at Alnham in the Northumberland National Park. Students in the Sixth Form have the option of doing community service work instead of sport.
Giuseppe Garibaldi.
The 19th-century Italian patriot Giuseppe Garibaldi sailed into Tynemouth on 21 March 1854 and is reported to have stayed at Tynemouth House whilst in exile. During his stay, he held a meeting at the house with British political and industrial leaders and addressed them on his plans for a unified Italy. His portrait was painted on this visit and this is now held in a Garibaldi museum in Sardinia. An English Heritage plaque on the outside wall of the school commemorates his visit, and the room where he is purported to have slept—now a teaching conference room—is named the Garibaldi Room.

</doc>
<doc id="6932147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932147" title="Siraj Ud Dowla">
Siraj Ud Dowla



</doc>
<doc id="6932153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932153" title="Andrew Brown (baseball player)">
Andrew Brown (baseball player)



</doc>
<doc id="6932156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932156" title="Venelin Ganev">
Venelin Ganev

Venelin Yordanov Ganev (; 16 February 188025 March 1966) was a Bulgarian lawyer, diplomat, and politician. He was a leading authority on commercial law, and after the Communist coup d'état on 9 September 1944 was one of the regents of underage tsar Simeon II.
Biography.
Venelin Ganev was born on 16 February 1880 (or old-style 4 February) in Rousse, Bulgaria. He studied in Leipzig and Geneva, where Simeon Radev was a fellow-student of his. After returning to Bulgaria, Ganev taught philosophy of law (1908–1947) at Sofia University.
In 1908 Venelin Ganev joined the Radical-Democratic Party. In 1919 he was the Minister of Justice in Teodor Teodorov's second cabinet, and took part in the Bulgarian delegation for peace negotiations in Paris (before the Treaty of Neuilly). Afterwards, he served as a Bulgarian ambassador to France (1920–1922).
Venelin Ganev joined the newly formed "Democratic Accord" in 1923, along with most of the Radical-democratic Party. In 1925, he quit it and declared himself against the government's policy. Later, he established a League for Protection of Human Rights. During World War II he participated as an independent member in the Fatherland Front and entered its leadership. After the coup of 9 September 1944, he became a regent of tsar Simeon II, together with Todor Pavlov and Tsvetko Boboshevski, and he remained such until the fall of monarchy on 18 September 1946.
From 1945, Venelin Ganev opposed the increasing influence of the Bulgarian Communist Party and joined the opposition. In 1947 he was dismissed from his position at the University of Sofia and interned in Dryanovo (until 1956), and in 1948 he was expelled from the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences. In 1991 he was posthumously restored to the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="6932160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932160" title="Everett Hughes (sociologist)">
Everett Hughes (sociologist)

Everett Cherrington Hughes (November 30, 1897 – January 4, 1983) was an American sociologist best known for his work on ethnic relations, work and occupations and the methodology of fieldwork. His take on sociology was, however, very broad. In recent scholarship, his theoretical contribution to sociology has been discussed as interpretive institutional ecology, forming a theoretical frame of reference that combines elements of the classical ecological theory of class (human ecology, functionalism, Georg Simmel, aspects of a Max Weber-inspired analysis of class, status and political power), and elements of a proto-dependency analysis of Quebec's industrialization in the 1930s (Helmes-Hayes 2000).
The efforts to look for a broader theoretical framework in Hughes's work have also been criticized as anachronistic search for coherent theoretical core when Hughes is more easily associated with a methodological orientation (Chapoulie 1996, see also Helmes-Hayes 1998, 2000 on critiques of his attempts to analyze Hughes's theoretical contribution). Hughes's pathbreaking contribution to the development of fieldwork as a sociological method is, however, unquestionable (see Chapoulie 2002).
Overview.
Hughes is often discussed only in relation to his contribution to the Chicago school. Therefore, it is seldom noted that he was one of the early contributors to the sociological analysis of Nazi Germany. Two classical essays, "Good People and Dirty Work" and "The Gleichschaltung of the German Statistical Yearbook: A Case in Professional Political Neutrality" witness of his lifelong commitment in sociology as a humanistic enterprise. In his preface to a collection of his papers entitled "The Sociological Eye" Hughes writes 
I heard the Brown Shirts in the streets of Nuremberg in 1930 singing, "The German youth is never so happy as when Jewish blood spurts from his knife;" I wrote "Good People and Dirty Work" and used it as a special lecture at McGill University where in the 1930s I taught a course on Social Movements that came to be known as "Hughes on the Nazis." (Hughes 1984, xv).
Hughes's essays reflect his insight into German society, the developments of which he keenly followed during a long time. He spent a year there 1930–1931 when he was preparing a study on the Catholic labour movement (Chapoulie 1996, 14) and returned after the war for visits together with a delegation of U.S. scholars. He was fluent in German. He also had a keen interest in Canadian society, where his fluent knowledge of French language allowed him to develop ties to French-speaking sociology in Canada and support its development (Chapoulie 1996, Helmes-Hayes 2000).
Hughes's sociological prose is original in its avoidance of complex concepts. He never published explicitly theoretical work. However, his essays are analytically dense and he often discusses the task of sociology more broadly. In his preface for "The Sociological Eye", first published in 1971 (transaction edition published in 1984), he describes his approach to sociology with reference to C. Wright Mills's phrase the sociological imagination (Hughes 1984, xvi). In his final paragraphs to that preface he outlines his view of sociology and sociological method:
Some say that sociology is a normative science. If they mean that social norms are one of its main objects of study, I agree. If they mean anything else, I do not agree. Many branches of human learning have suffered from taking norms too seriously. Departments of language in universities are often so normative that they kill and pin up their delicate moth of poetry and stuff their beasts of powerful living profes before letting students examine them. Language, as living communication, is one of the promising fields of study; it is not quite the same as the study of languages. Men constantly make and break norms; there is never a moment when the norms are fixed and unchanging. If they do appear to remain unchanged for some time in some place, that, too, is to be accounted for as much as change itself.
Certainly, I have never sat down to write systematically about how to study society. I am suspicious of any method said to be the one and only. But among the methods I should recommend is the intensive, penetrating look with an imagination as lively and as sociological as it can be made. One of my basic assumptions is that if one quite clearly sees something happen once, it is almost certain to have happened again and again. The burden of proof is on those who claim a thing once seen is an exception; if they look hard, they may find it everywhere, although with some interesting differences in each case. (Hughes 1984, xviii-xix).
Biography.
Born in Beaver, Ohio, Hughes was son of a Methodist minister who came from a family of farmers. He was the third son, and recalled sitting on his father's lap and watching the family's interactions: the basis for his later work. After studying Latin, French and German at Ohio Wesleyan University, Hughes left for Chicago in 1917. For five years he worked teaching English to a mixed population of immigrants (Coser 1994). In 1923 he enrolled in the University of Chicago Department of Sociology and Anthropology, but continued working as public park director, a job that again put him in contact with immigrant communities (Chapoulie 1996).
He was married to Canadian sociologist Helen MacGill Hughes, whom he met when they had both been PhD students in Chicago. They had two daughters. In addition to some independent research, Helen MacGill Hughes took part in several of Hughes's studies and also worked as managing editor for American Journal of Sociology from 1944 to 1961 (Abbott 1999). Five weeks past his 86th birthday, Everett Hughes died of Alzheimer's disease at the Mount Auburn Hospital in Cambridge, Massachusetts, where he had lived.
Academic career.
Hughes studied at the University of Chicago under Robert Ezra Park, Ernest W. Burgess, Ellsworth Faris, Robert Redfield, Ruth Shonle Cavan, Nels Anderson, and other noted scholars, of whom he considered Park as his primary mentor (Chapoulie 1996). He defended his thesis, entitled "The Growth of an Institution: The Chicago Real Estate Board" in 1928. After his graduation he took a job at McGill University, where he, together with Carl Dawson, had the task to develop the sociology department at a time when it still was in its infancy. In Canada Hughes is recognized as one of the central figures of early Canadian sociology (Helmes-Hayes 2000).
Hughes is, however, more commonly associated with the Chicago school, as he returned to the University of Chicago in 1938 and became a core figure at its sociology department (Abbott 1999). He is recognized as either teacher or mentor to numerous well-known scholars associated with the Chicago tradition of qualitative, interactionist sociology, including Howard S. Becker, Erving Goffman, Anselm Strauss and Eliot Freidson (Chapoulie 1996). In the late 1950s, the research style that Hughes represented withered in Chicago (Abbott 1999) and in 1961, Hughes accepted a position as professor of sociology at Brandeis University, where he helped to found the school's Graduate Department of Sociology. Under Hughes's influence, the Chicago tradition of fieldwork-oriented interactionism continued in Brandeis, where scholars such as Irving Kenneth Zola came to be "changed forever" (Conrad et al. 1995). In 1968, he left Brandeis University for Boston College (Chapoulie 1996).
During the years 1952 to 1961 Hughes served as editor to the American Journal of Sociology during an era when the journal remained closely linked to the University of Chicago and its sociology department. During Hughes' era, the journal was traditional in the sense that double-blind review was not applied. When this was implemented in 1961 after Hughes' resignation, he strongly opposed what he perceived as a project of making sociological research appear as disembodied and detached from the social context where it was carried out (Abbott 1999, 146–147). In a letter to Peter Blau who had taken over editorship from him Hughes expressed his view as follows:
A given piece of a man's work has to be judged not merely by itself but as one item in his complete or growing production (...) and a man's ongoing work is by the nature of the case a very personal product and by no means anonymous (quoted in Abbott 1999, 146–147). 
In 1963, Hughes was elected by his peers to serve as the 53rd President of the American Sociological Association. His Presidential Address, entitled "Race Relations and the Sociological Imagination," was delivered on August 28, 1963, at the Association's Annual Meeting in Los Angeles. This address was later published in the December 1963 issue of American Sociological Review (ASR Vol. 28 No. 6 pp 879–890). In 1964, he was elected a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. In 1966, he received an honorary doctorate from Sir George Williams University, which later became Concordia University. In 1974, he was awarded the Malinowski Award (see external links).The American Sociological Association, also cited him in 1982 for his contributions to education. His contributions to the training of sociologists during his time in McGill and in Chicago are well-known (Chapoulie 1996, Helmes-Hayes 1998, 2000, Abbott 1999), but his mentorship and teaching at Brandeis are also acclaimed (Homstrom 1984, Conrad et al. 1995, Weiss 1996). Indeed, he still advised students at Boston College when he was in his late seventies (Manning 2000).

</doc>
<doc id="6932166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932166" title="Bachelor’s degree">
Bachelor’s degree



</doc>
<doc id="6932167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932167" title="Newar festivals">
Newar festivals

The Newas are well known for their lavish festivals. The word jatra is used for carnivals. Based on Nepalese calendar, Nepal Sambat, the different festivals are:

</doc>
<doc id="6932169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932169" title="Unity Conflict">
Unity Conflict



</doc>
<doc id="6932175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932175" title="Venelin Yordanov Ganev">
Venelin Yordanov Ganev



</doc>
<doc id="6932178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932178" title="Jasov">
Jasov

Jasov (; ) is a small town and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia. It is one of several towns in Bodva Valley. Other towns in Bodva Valley include: Lucia Bania, Medzev (Metzenseifen), Vyšný Medzev (Upper Metzenseifen), and Stos.
History.
Historically, the village was first mentioned in 1234.
St John The Baptist Church.
This is the biggest monastery complex in Slovakia and the St John The Baptist church, which forms its centrepiece, is considered one of the country's most important late-Baroque buildings.
Though the present complex dates unquestionably from the 18th century, there has been a monastery here since 1170. The first, probably made of wood, was destroyed by the invading Tatars in 1242. A Romanesque stone monastery soon replaced it and was rebuilt in a fortified style in the 15th century. The site was then completely levelled again in the 18th century to make way for the present Baroque structure. The monastery has 365 windows, 12 chimneys and four gates (representing the days, months and seasons of the year).
Geography.
The village lies at an elevation of and covers an area of . It has a population of about 3,460.
Jasov lies on the edge of the Slovenský Kras, an area of dramatic limestone (or karst) landscapes. The nearby valley between Moldava nad Bodvou and Rožňava, with its wide bottom, high cliffs and a picturesque gorge (at Zádiel), is typical.
But karst landscapes are noted for what lies beneath their surface as much as what can be seen above, and the Slovenský Kras is no exception. The area is littered with cave complexes, several of them open to the public. One of these is in the hillside a short distance from the monastery at Jasov.
Twin towns.
 Tura, Hungary
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6932183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932183" title="Caribbean Star">
Caribbean Star



</doc>
<doc id="6932189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932189" title="Neviot">
Neviot

Neviot () is an Israeli mineral water marketing company.
History.
Neviot was established in 1989 after geologists discovered that the water of Ein Zahav spring near Kiryat Shmona was suitable for drinking. In 2002, Neviot changed its logo and bottle design.
In 2004, the Podhorzer family, which owned Neviot, sold almost half its shares to the Central Bottling Company (Coca-Cola Israel), which already owned 34.06% of Neviot, bringing its total stake to 78.58%.

</doc>
<doc id="6932190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932190" title="Mey Eden">
Mey Eden

Mey Eden (, literally "Waters of Eden", also known as "Mayanot Eden" or "Mei Eden") is the brand name of the company Eden Springs Ltd., which is an Israeli bottled mineral water marketing company.
Mey Eden is a leading mineral water company in Israel. The brand and company were created in 1980 after development of the Salukia wellspring in Katzrin, Golan Heights. After additional tests with the wellspring water, Mey Eden received permission to market its water in 1983. Mey Eden has also started to product water coolers, water container holders as well as eco-friendly disposable cups made with compostable plant-based materials. Organisations boycotting purchases of produce from Israeli-occupied territories have from time to time boycotted Mey Eden water.
Mey Eden was sold to Rhone Capitol in July, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6932196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932196" title="Lenny Frome">
Lenny Frome

Lenny Frome (May 12, 1926 – March 15, 1998) was a gambling author and video poker expert best known for his 1994 book "Winning Strategies for Video Poker". He is often referred to as the "Godfather" of video poker for his outspoken advocacy of the game and for raising the game's popularity. Frome, at a time when serious gamblers viewed the game as little more than a slot machine, saw the potential the game offered if played with perfect strategy. He provided strategies for dozens of video poker games and showed that with the proper strategy the game offered some of the best odds in the casino.
He also performed mathematical analyses on many other games including Let It Ride, Spanish 21, Caribbean Stud and Five Deck Frenzy. He wrote a total of 9 books on casino gambling including "Expert Video Poker for Las Vegas" and "Expert Video Poker for Atlantic City".
He died in 1998, but his gaming website Compu-Flyers is still considered a leading gambling publication and is now run by his son Elliot Frome.

</doc>
<doc id="6932197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932197" title="Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.">
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.



</doc>
<doc id="6932203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932203" title="Leighton Buzzard Railway">
Leighton Buzzard Railway



</doc>
<doc id="6932207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932207" title="Aled Rural District">
Aled Rural District

Aled was a rural district in the administrative county of Denbighshire, Wales, from 1935 to 1974.
The district was created by a county review order in 1935 which reorganised districts in the county. It was formed by merging the bulk of St Asaph (Denbigh) Rural District with the Nant Conwy area previously administered by Conway Rural District in neighbouring Caernarfonshire. The district was named after the River Aled.
The district contained the following civil parishes:
The former parishes of St George and Llanddulas were abolished, being split between an enlarged Abergele Urban District and other parishes in Aled RD.
The rural district was abolished by the Local Government Act 1972 in 1974. Its area passed to the Borough of Colwyn in the new county of Clwyd with the exception of Llansantffraid Glan Conwy which was included in the Borough of Aberconwy in Gwynedd.
Sources.
Denbighshire Administrative County (Vision of Britain)

</doc>
<doc id="6932212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932212" title="Wiel Coerver">
Wiel Coerver

Wiel Coerver (; 3 December 1924 – 22 April 2011) was a Dutch football manager and the developer of the "Coerver Method", a football coaching technique.
Playing career.
Coerver played five years for local side Rapid JC, with whom he won the Dutch league title in 1956.
Managerial career.
After retiring as a player, he managed Dutch clubs S.V.N., Rapid JC, Sparta, N.E.C., Feyenoord and Go Ahead Eagles as well as Indonesia. He won the UEFA Cup with Feyenoord Rotterdam in the 1973–1974 season as well as the Eredivisie title.
Coerver Method.
The Coerver Method is a football coaching technique which Coerver created. By analysing videotapes of various great players including Pelé, he devised his concept which advocates that skill could not only be inherent with the young players but could also be passed on in a comprehensive academic manner. Under this technique, players progress in a structured manner, pyramidal, from basics of ball mastery to a tactically driven group attack. They would be exposed to the other essentials like Receiving and Passing, Moves (1v1), Speed and Lethal Finishing.
The 1998 FIFA World Cup in France saw the first Coerver student, Boudewijn Zenden who played for the Dutch national team, make it to the FIFA World Cup.
Personal life.
Coerver, who was born in Kerkrade, was nicknamed the "Albert Einstein of Football". He died of pneumonia in April 2011 in Kerkrade.

</doc>
<doc id="6932217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932217" title="Kysak">
Kysak

Kysak () is a village and railway hub in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
Historically, the village was first mentioned in 1330. There is a monument as a memory of the soldiers killed in the first and second World Wars.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 298 metres and covers an area of 10.865 km2.
Population.
The municipality has a population of about 1390 people.
Transport.
Kysak railway station is an important railway junction, where the Košice–Plaveč–Čirč–Muszyna railway diverges towards Poland from the Košice–Žilina railway, which is part of Slovakia's main east-west rail corridor.

</doc>
<doc id="6932218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932218" title="Fallingbrook (Ottawa neighbourhood)">
Fallingbrook (Ottawa neighbourhood)



</doc>
<doc id="6932219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932219" title="Abkhaz ASSR">
Abkhaz ASSR



</doc>
<doc id="6932220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932220" title="BMPT Terminator">
BMPT Terminator

The BMPT "Terminator" ( – Tank Support Fighting Vehicle) is an armored fighting vehicle (AFV), designed and manufactured by the Russian company Uralvagonzavod. This vehicle was designed for supporting tanks and other AFVs in urban areas. The BMPT is unofficially named the "Terminator" by the manufacturers. It is heavily armed and armored to survive in urban combat. The AFV is armed with four 9M120 Ataka missile launchers, two 30 mm 2A42 autocannons, two AG-17D grenade launchers, and one coaxial 7.62 mm PKTM machine gun.
The BMPT is built on the chassis of the widely used T-72 main battle tank. The BMPT was designed based on combat experience gained during the Soviet–Afghan War and the First Chechen War. Multiple prototypes of a tank support combat vehicle were created prior to the design of the current BMPT. The Object 199 "Ramka" was the prototype later to be designated the modern BMPT with the official producer being Uralvagonzavod. By late 2013, the only operator of the BMPT was Kazakhstan.
A small number were delivered to the Russian Ground Forces for evaluation beginning in 2005. The Russian Defence Ministry finally ordered the BMPT in August 2017. Deliveries of more than 10 vehicles were begun in early 2018. On 1 December 2021, the first BMPT company of nine combat vehicles was introduced into one of the tank regiments of the tank division of the Central Military District. The version, unofficially dubbed the "Terminator-3", incorporates the chassis, hulls, and components of the T-14 Armata tank.
Examples of an "upgraded" version of the BMPT-72 are participating in the Russian invasion of Ukraine, first observed during the battle of Sieverodonetsk in Ukraine.
Design history.
The history of the BMPT's development can be traced back to the Soviet–Afghan War. Combat experience during the lengthy war revealed that infantry fighting vehicles (IFVs) like the BMP-1 and BMP-2 cannot fully deal with infantry, despite the BMP-2's high gun elevation. Although main battle tanks (MBTs) possessed a high amount of firepower, the limited elevation and depression angles of the main gun made them easy targets in mountainous and urban terrain. It was evident that a new vehicle concept was needed. In the 1980s, the Chelyabinsk Tractor Plant began designing prototypes for the new concept, early prototypes being Object 781, Object 782, and Object 787. The main requirements for this new machine were to possess large firepower, high angles of elevation and depression, and protection equivalent to that of an MBT. An additional requirement that was meant to supplement the latter was enhanced protection from close-range hand-held RPGs.
The need for such a vehicle became even more evident during the First Chechen War. When using conventional armor during urban engagements, Russian forces suffered heavy losses in manpower and equipment, including the destruction of an entire mechanized brigade during the First Battle of Grozny. While these losses cannot be entirely blamed on technology, it became clear that a dedicated anti-personnel fighting vehicle would provide valuable assistance in an urban environment. Self-propelled anti-aircraft guns were used as a temporary solution in Chechnya. However, these vehicles were not well-armored and did not possess the obstacle-clearing capabilities of an MBT.
There have been several different prototype designs of a tank support fighting vehicle, like the Object 193A and the Object 745. A mock-up of the Object 199 was shown for the first time in public during the summer of 2000. This vehicle was slightly different from the current design, being armed with only a single 2A42 30 mm gun and with four 9M133 Kornet missiles located on one side of the turret. The production model of the BMPT was introduced in 2002 and featured twin 30 mm autocannons, two independent 30 mm automatic grenade launchers, and four Ataka missile launchers.
Mission.
When used in urban terrain, each main battle tank is to be deployed with two BMPTs. Outside of urban warfare that ratio is reversed with one BMPT protecting two main battle tanks. This results from the complexity of fighting in urban terrain and the need for a versatile anti-personnel platform that can engage multiple targets at once and on different height levels. The introduction of such a vehicle makes urban fighting less stressful on MBTs and can relieve them of some of the workload so that they can concentrate on their main objective of engaging other tanks and hardened targets. The BMPT's armor protection is equal to that of an MBT and its powerful armaments allow it to engage virtually any enemy formation while operating in a common battle formation. Thanks to the multiple weapons systems found on the BMPT, this vehicle is able to fire at multiple targets simultaneously. These features significantly help increase the combat effectiveness of tank units and decrease their losses from enemy close-combat assets.
Description.
Armament.
The armament includes an unmanned turret armed with: 
Anti-tank guided weapons.
The BMPT uses the Ataka missile to defeat heavily armored vehicles like tanks (shaped charge), infantry (thermobaric warhead) or aircraft (continuous-rod warhead). These missiles are carried only within their launchers, without any additional ones stowed away. A pair of ATGM launchers is located on each side of the turret. These launchers have an elevation of up to +25° and depression down to −5°. Laser beam riding SACLOS is the method of guidance used by the Terminator's ATGMs. The original 9M120 Ataka missile is 130 mm in diameter and features a tandem warhead capable of defeating explosive reactive armor (ERA). The tandem warhead penetrates 800 mm of Rolled homogeneous armor (RHA) behind ERA with later variants capable of penetrating 950 mm of RHA after ERA. The anti-personnel variant (9M120F) contains a thermobaric warhead and yields a blast effect of 9.5 kg in TNT equivalence. This missile's average speed for all variants is 400 m/s when reaching a target located 5.8 km from the launcher for a flight time of 14.5 seconds. The 9M120 has an operational range of up to 6 km and travels at a supersonic speed of 550 m/s.
Autocannons.
The main weapons of BMPT are the two 30 mm 2A42 autocannons. A total of 850 rounds of ready-to-use ammunition can be carried. These twin autocannons have a combined fire rate of 600 rounds per minute, which gives a continuous fire time of 85 seconds (1 min 25 sec) before running out of ammo (not considering the constraints that limit the practical rate of fire, such as barrel overheating). Traverse of the autocannons is synchronised with the turret and they can elevate between −5° and +45°. The twin 2A42s are stabilized in the vertical and horizontal planes. One of the guns fires armor-piercing rounds while the other fires anti-personnel rounds. A wide range of ammunition is used by the 2A42 autocannon and they include: High Explosive-Tracer (HE-T), Armor-piercing discarding sabot (APDS), High Explosive Fragmentation (HE-FRAG) and Armor-Piercing-Tracer (AP-T). These rounds have effective ranges between 2,500 m and 4,000 m depending on the variant. The muzzle velocity of the projectiles is 960 m/s. A 7.62 mm PKTM machine gun is mounted coaxially with the main armament and holds 2,000 rounds.
Grenade launchers.
A pair of either AGS-17D or AGS-30 grenade launchers are carried, one located on each side of the BMPT, and operated by a single crew member. A total of 600 rounds of 30 mm grenades are carried for both grenade launchers. There is no reloading for the grenade launchers because each one holds 300 rounds in a single belt. Only vertical stabilization is provided for the grenade launchers. The horizontal angles that the AG-17Ds can cover are from 5° (to the left) to 27° (to the right) for the right grenade launcher and from 27° (to the left) and 5° (to the right) for the left grenade launcher. The maximum vertical elevation is +20° and the minimum is −5.5°. The muzzle velocity is 185 m/s and the fire rate is 420–480 rds/min, which gives a continuous fire time (both barrels combined) of 37–43 seconds before running out of ammo (not considering the constraints that limit the practical rate of fire, such as barrel overheating). An effective range of 1,700 m is provided while the kill radius of the 30 mm grenades is seven meters. Automatic grenade launcher operators are equipped with the "Agat-MR" day/night independent stabilized sights.
Fire control system.
To enable the BMPT to engage targets in both day and night conditions and when the BMPT is stationary or moving, a computerized fire-control system is fitted. The sight of the gunner includes a thermal channel, an optical channel, a guided ATGM channel, and a laser rangefinder. The field of view sight has an independent stabilization in two planes. The sights provide detection of targets at ranges up to 7,000 m in poor weather conditions. The commander's B07-K1 panoramic sight is located at the top of the BMPT and has a 360° field of view. This panoramic sight has optical, low-level laser rangefinder and television channels. The B07-K2 standard gunner's sight consists of optical and thermal channels and a laser rangefinder. The vehicle also has hunter-killer capabilities with its separate commander's panoramic sight and gunner's sight which can detect both ground and aerial targets. The gunner is able to use the commander's sight to engage targets if his own sight is disabled or destroyed. The commander of the vehicle also has the ability to override the command to take control of the turret and guns from the gunner. The navigation system used by the BMPT is a combined GPS/GLONASS module.
Protection.
The Terminator possesses a System 902A automatic smoke grenade launcher on both sides of the turret which serves as camouflage and provides protection against guided weapons. When the screening system warns the crew of laser tracking, a smoke screen is created by the launch of grenades. Special attention was paid to the survivability of the BMPT and its crew. Certain measures were taken to ensure this like placing the fuel tanks in a sealed housing compartment and fastening the seats towards the roof in case of a mine penetration. There are additional fuel tanks located in the rear of the hull in an armored compartment on the left fender. The vehicle is equipped with an automatic fire fighting system to fight any fires that will ignite within the vehicle.
Armor is reinforced with 3rd generation "Relikt" ERA on the frontal armor and both sides of hull and turret, slat (cage) armor in the rear. Missile launchers are reinforced by armored shields, protecting them from splinters and small arms fire. Weapon station is only armored against small arms fire.
Mobility.
The maximum speed of the vehicle is 60 km/h over highways and a cruising range of 550 km with external fuel tanks. The BMPT can cross a trench that's as long as 2.7 ± 0.1 m and overcome vertical obstacles as high as 0.85 m. Like the T-72, the transmission of the engine is manual with seven gears for forward and one gear for reverse. The maximum gradient for the BMPT is 30° and 25° when climbing forwards and travelling along a side respectively. Fording capabilities are provided by the BMPT. It can cross water obstacles with a depth of 1.2 m without preparation and 1.8 m with five minutes of preparation. When installed with a snorkel kit, this vehicle is able to cross rivers up to five meters in depth.
Crew and life support.
The rear of the driver's compartment, at the front of the vehicle, has been raised, providing greater internal volume. It uses proven elements from those fitted to the T-90 MBT. The Terminator has a crew of five which consists of: a vehicle commander, a driver, a gunner, and two grenade launcher operators. NBC protection is provided to the crew to ensure survival against radiation, chemical and biological weapons. As an option, the BMPT can be fitted with mine-clearing devices such as the KMT-7 or KMT-8 mine sweepers. T-72 tanks can be also converted into BMPT.
BMPT-72 Terminator 2.
BMPT-72 "Terminator 2" is an improvement over its predecessor. It is made from a T-72 hull where the turret is replaced with a "Terminator" module and armament. The Terminator 2 can be effectively used to destroy enemy tanks, armored personnel carriers and other armored assets, and to suppress enemy firing emplacements and infantry using grenade launchers and antitank weapons systems. Unlike the Terminator 1 however, the Terminator 2 is a retrofit only package, with old T-72B or T-72M tanks being upgraded to BMPT-72 standard. The Terminator 2 is aimed at the export market (in particular as part of offset deals).
The conversion process of the obsolete vehicles can be undertaken at the customer facilities.
Armament and FCS.
The two automatic grenade launchers are removed along with its operators, reducing the crew to three; the number of munitions for the Ataka missiles, 2A42 autocannons, and PKTM machine gun remains unchanged. A new and improved FCS is installed in the BMPT-72. The ballistic computer is electronic and fully digital with a set of weather and topographical sending units.
Air burst munitions are under development for BMPT and other Russian military vehicles.
Protection.
Although the weight of the new BMPT is reduced by four metric tonnes, its level of protection isn't lower than that of its predecessor. The Terminator 2's length and width is reduced compared to the original Terminator. The BMPT-72 has a height of 3.33 m and a width of 3.6 m while the Object 199 Ramka had a height of 3.44 m and a width of 3.8 m. Additional slat armor is fitted on the rear and sides of the chassis to increase protection against rocket propelled grenades. Missile launchers for the Ataka missiles are fitted with extra armor to provide protection against splinters and small arms fire. CBRN protection is provided for the crew members and is collective. A type R-168-25UE-2 radio is installed on board the Terminator 2.
Mobility.
The mobility of the BMPT-72 does not differ significantly from the original BMPT.
An auxiliary diesel APU is also fitted that allows to keep most of the functions activated while the main engine is off. Two options are available, a small 5 kW DGU-5-P27 5-VM1 and a 8 kW DGU-8-P27 5-VM1.
"Terminator 3".
BMPT ("Terminator 3") – is a new design model of "Tank Support Fighting Vehicle" based on the Armata Universal Combat Platform with a crew of 3 or 4. Possible armament would be one or two 57 mm autocannons (ammo storage problem), 4x ATGM Sprinter, 2x AGS-40 Balkan automatic grenade launchers, one or two 7.62 mm PKTM machine guns. It will have an automatic gun turret RCWS and in the future may have integrated air defense systems and be fully unmanned.
Armata is powered by a new generation 1,500 hp multifuel diesel engine coupled with a hydro-mechanical automatic transmission (unlike the two predecessors), with a maximum road speed of 65–70 km/h (40–43 mph), an operational range of 550 km (340 mi), and a power-to-weight ratio of over 30 hp/tonne.
Operational history.
Russian invasion of Ukraine.
The BMPT was first deployed by Russia in Ukraine on 18 May 2022, according to RIA Novosti. The BMPTs deployed to Ukraine appear to have been fitted with AGS-17 grenade launchers. With only around 10 BMPTs in service, they have a limited impact on the war. They were first observed during the battle of Sieverodonetsk in Ukraine. In late May 2022, footage emerged of 2 BMPTs in action with Russian tanks during an offensive on Lysychansk, the armored group took positions on a hill and began shelling a highway below but was forced to retreat due to Ukrainian artillery fire.
Of the approximately 10 BMPTs deployed, there is footage of 1 being destroyed and 2 being damaged in Ukraine. On 9 February 2023, a BMPT was destroyed by Ukrainian artillery near Kreminna, Luhansk. In July 2023, the Russian 3rd Army Corps released footage of a Terminator using its 30mm autocannon and Ataka anti-tank missiles at night. Later in August 2023, a second BMPT was damaged or destroyed by Ukrainian kamikaze drones near Spartak, Donetsk Oblast; a T-80 was also hit by a kamikaze drone while towing the BMPT away. A third one was hit by a crowdfunded kamikaze drone in September 2023; a BREM-1 armoured recovery vehicle attempting to recover the BMPT was also reportedly destroyed.
According to journalist and military expert Oleksandr Kovalenko, a BMPT Terminator was reportedly either destroyed or damaged in the Kurakhove direction in late October 2024, if true marking the first loss of such a vehicle in a year. 

</doc>
<doc id="6932222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932222" title="Goon lā">
Goon lā



</doc>
<doc id="6932224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932224" title="William Henry Seward, Sr.">
William Henry Seward, Sr.



</doc>
<doc id="6932240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932240" title="Družstevná pri Hornáde">
Družstevná pri Hornáde

Družstevná pri Hornáde is a village and municipality of the Košice-okolie District, located in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
Etymology.
The name is derived from "Jednotné roľnícke družstvo", which was a type of agricultural cooperative that was common during the Soviet era.
History.
Družstevná pri Hornáde was originally 3 villages: Malá Vieska, Kostoľany nad Hornádom and Tepličany. They were combined into one administrative area during the Soviet era. Kostoľany nad Hornádom became an independent municipality in 2003.
Geography.
The municipality has a population of about 2,185 people. The River Hornád flows through the village.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6932244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932244" title="National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives">
National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives

The National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives (NOBLE) is a membership group of primarily black law enforcement CEOs and command level officials in local, state, county, and federal government. Headquartered in Washington, DC, it has 57 chapters in the United States, one in St. Kitts &amp; Nevis and one in the United Kingdom.
Goals.
The goal of NOBLE is to be recognized as a highly competent public service organization that is at the forefront of providing solutions to law enforcement issues and concerns, as well as to the ever-changing needs of African-American communities.
History.
The organization was founded in 1976, during a three-day symposium to address crime in urban low income areas. The symposium was attended by 60 top-ranking black law enforcement executives from 24 states and 55 major cities. They exchanged views about the high rate of crime in black urban communities and the socioeconomic conditions that lead to crime and violence, as well as relevant issues such as fairness in the administration of justice (or the lack thereof), strained police/community relations, the hiring and promotion of black police officers, and the unique problems faced by black police executives and black police officers in general.
Recognizing that black law enforcement executives could more effectively impact the criminal justice system through a unified voice, the symposium participants departed from the planned agenda to create NOBLE.
One of the original founders of NOBLE was former NYPD Chief of Patrol William R. Bracey.

</doc>
<doc id="6932245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932245" title="Druzstevna pri Hornade">
Druzstevna pri Hornade



</doc>
<doc id="6932248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932248" title="Roland Proell">
Roland Proell



</doc>
<doc id="6932251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932251" title="KNM WT 15000">
KNM WT 15000



</doc>
<doc id="6932255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932255" title="Emergency Response Unit (ERU)">
Emergency Response Unit (ERU)



</doc>
<doc id="6932256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932256" title="Pröll">
Pröll

Pröll may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6932257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932257" title="Day of the fight">
Day of the fight



</doc>
<doc id="6932258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932258" title="Blind shark">
Blind shark

The blind shark ("Brachaelurus waddi") is one of two species of carpet sharks in the family Brachaeluridae, along with the bluegrey carpetshark ("Brachaelurus colcloughi"). Found along the coast of eastern Australia, this nocturnal, bottom-dwelling species is common in rocky areas and seagrass beds from the intertidal zone to a depth of . It often roams in tidal pools where it may be trapped by the receding tide, and can survive for an extended period out of water.
Maturing at under long, the blind shark has a stocky, grayish to brownish body with white flecks and darker bands that fade with age. Its head is wide, flattened, and blunt, with small eyes on top and a pair of long barbels underneath. It has large pectoral fins, two nearly equal-sized dorsal fins placed far back on the body, and an anal fin placed close to the caudal fin. The blind shark feeds primarily on small invertebrates and bony fishes. It is aplacental viviparous with females bearing litters of 7–8 pups in the summer. This small shark adapts readily to being kept in captivity. It is not valued by either commercial or recreational fishers, and its hardiness means that incidentally caught individuals are likely to be returned to the water alive. In the absence of substantial threats to its population, the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed it as of Least Concern.
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
German naturalists Marcus Elieser Bloch and Johann Gottlob Schneider originally described the blind shark as "Squalus waddi", in their 1801 "Systema Ichthyologiae". However, there is uncertainty over whether their account was referring to this species or the brownbanded bamboo shark ("Chiloscyllium punctatum"), as it was based on a painting by John Latham that could not be located by subsequent authors. In 1907, James Douglas Ogilby coined the genus "Brachaelurus" for this species, from the Greek "brachys" meaning "short", and "ailouros" meaning "cat". In 1973, Leonard Compagno placed it and the bluegrey carpetshark in their own family. This shark may also be referred to as the brown catshark or dusky dogfish.
Various phylogenetic studies, based on morphology, have concluded that the blind shark lineage represents the sister taxon to the wobbegongs. Blind shark fossils have been found in Late Cretaceous period (99.6–65.5 Ma) deposits from Europe, as well as in Pliocene epoch (5.3–2.6 Ma) deposits from Chile and Peru. A number of other "Brachaelurus" species are also known from the fossil record.
Distribution and habitat.
The range of the blind shark is restricted to the eastern coast of Australia, from Mooloolaba in southern Queensland to Jervis Bay in New South Wales; past reports from off Western Australia and Northern Territory appear to be misidentifications of the brownbanded bamboo shark. The blind shark is a bottom-dwelling species that generally inhabits the continental shelf from the intertidal zone, including tidal pools barely deep enough to cover its body, to a depth of , though it has been recorded as deep as . Preferred habitats are rocky areas and adjacent seagrass beds; juveniles are common in high-energy surge zones. In Nelson Bay, this shark has been observed lying in the open atop sponges.
Description.
The blind shark has a stocky body and a wide, somewhat flattened head with a blunt snout. The small, oval eyes are situated high on the head and have strong ridges underneath; the oval spiracles are positioned behind and below and have obvious raised rims. The nostrils are placed almost at the tip of the snout and have long, tapering barbels in front and well-developed skin flaps and grooves around the incurrent openings. A pair of obvious grooves connect the nostrils to the small, almost transverse mouth. There are 32–34 upper tooth rows and 21–29 lower tooth rows; each tooth has an upright, awl-shaped central cusp and a pair of lateral cusplets. The five pairs of gill slits are small, with the fifth pair close to the fourth.
The pectoral fins are large and broad, with rounded margins. The two dorsal fins are roughly equal in size and have rounded apices and angular free rear tips; the first dorsal fin originates over the bases of the pelvic fins. The pelvic fins are rounded and almost as large as the pectoral fins. The anal fin is less than half the size of the dorsal fins and is positioned very close to the base of the long, low caudal fin. The caudal fin comprises about a quarter of the total length, with no ventral lobe and a strong ventral notch near the tip of the upper lobe. The dermal denticles are large, giving the skin a rough texture. This species is light to dark brown above, often with white flecks, and lighter below. Juveniles also have dark bands over the body and tail, which fade with age. The blind shark can reach a length of , though most are much smaller.
Biology and ecology.
Contrary to its common name, the blind shark has "perfectly adequate" vision. It was so named by anglers because it retracts its eyeballs and shuts its thick lower eyelids when removed from the water. This species can live for up to 18 hours out of water, allowing it to survive being stranded by the outgoing tide. The blind shark is secretive and sluggish during the day, with adults usually hiding in caves or under ledges and juveniles inside crevices, though it will take food given the opportunity. At night, it moves out over reefs and seagrass meadows to forage for small invertebrates (including crabs, shrimp, cephalopods, and sea anemones) and bony fishes. Prey items are captured via suction.
The blind shark is aplacental viviparous with a possibly annual reproductive cycle. Females give birth to 7–8 pups during the summer; newborns measure long. Sexual maturity is attained at under a length of for males, and for females. It has lived to 20 years old in captivity. A known parasite of this shark is an undescribed species of tapeworm in the genus "Carpobothrium".
Human interactions.
The blind shark is basically harmless to humans, though it can bite if provoked and is difficult to remove, owing to its strong jaws and powerful suction. There are cases of blind sharks biting and holding onto divers' wetsuits even after they surfaced, and could only be removed by prying open the sharks' jaws. This species is one of the few sharks considered suitable for private aquaria, as it is hardy, grows to a small size, and has sedentary habits, though its nocturnal, reclusive nature make it difficult to observe. The blind shark has even been induced to breed in captivity, with the Sydney Aquarium having successfully maintained a breeding colony.
Commercial fisheries do not target or utilize the blind shark, as its flesh has a strong ammonia-like taste that is not easily removed. It is caught incidentally by prawn trawl and other fisheries off Queensland and New South Wales, though post-discard survival may be high due to its ability to tolerate being out of water. Small numbers of blind sharks are caught by recreational fishers, who regard them as a nuisance because its small mouth and strong jaws make removing lodged hooks difficult. It is generally too small to be susceptible to shark nets used to protect beaches. The impact of collection for the aquarium trade on this shark is unknown but not thought to be severe. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed the blind shark under Least Concern, as it remains abundant and the various pressures on its population do not seem to pose significant threats. Its range overlaps a number of current and proposed Marine Protected Areas (MPAs).

</doc>
<doc id="6932265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932265" title="Proell">
Proell



</doc>
<doc id="6932269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932269" title="Brachaelurus waddi">
Brachaelurus waddi



</doc>
<doc id="6932271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932271" title="Proll">
Proll

Proll may refer to:
See also.
Pröll, people with that surname

</doc>
<doc id="6932274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932274" title="N by nw">
N by nw



</doc>
<doc id="6932275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932275" title="Schwarzer Block">
Schwarzer Block



</doc>
<doc id="6932278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932278" title="Roland Proll">
Roland Proll



</doc>
<doc id="6932280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932280" title="Fr ted">
Fr ted



</doc>
<doc id="6932285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932285" title="Sā Pāru">
Sā Pāru



</doc>
<doc id="6932286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932286" title="Norm Fieldgate">
Norm Fieldgate

William Norman "Mouse" Fieldgate (January 12, 1932 – March 6, 2020) was a Canadian professional football player. Fieldgate played defensive end and linebacker for the Canadian Football League's BC Lions for his entire 14-year career. Born in Regina, Saskatchewan, he is a member of the Canadian Football Hall of Fame, the BC Sports Hall of Fame, and the BC Lions Wall of Fame. Fieldgate's #75 jersey is one of ten numbers retired by the BC Lions. In 2006, Fieldgate was voted to the Honour Roll of the CFL's top 50 players of the league's modern era by Canadian sports network TSN.
Fieldgate is widely considered one of the best Canadian outside linebackers to have ever played the game. The Norm Fieldgate Trophy, awarded to the most outstanding defensive player in the CFL Western Division, is named in his honour.
Amateur football career.
Fieldgate did not play college football, but instead played amateur Canadian football for the Regina Rams of the Canadian Junior Football League.
Professional football career.
Following his amateur career, Fieldgate was recruited by CFL legend and first head coach of the BC Lions Annis Stukus, to join the BC Lions for their inaugural, 1954 season. Fieldgate played tight end, defensive end, linebacker, and defensive back for the Lions over his 14-year career, but achieved the most success as a linebacker.
Fieldgate was one of only two "original" Lions with the club when the Lions won their first Grey Cup Championship in 1964 (the other was Fieldgate's teammate By Bailey). Fieldgate was also the longest serving original Lion, with a career that spanned 14 years and 223 games. In the 1959, 1960, and 1963 CFL seasons, Fieldgate was named to the CFL Western Division All-Star Team as a linebacker. In the 1963 CFL season, Fieldgate was also named a CFL All-Star.
In the 1962 CFL season, Fieldgate was honoured with a "Norm Fieldgate Night" by the BC Lions, the second player to receive such an honour. The 1965 CFL season saw Fieldgate win the Bobby Bourne Memorial Trophy as the Lions' "Most Popular Player." Fieldgate was inducted into the BC Sports Hall of Fame in 1970, and was inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1979. In 2003, Fieldgate was voted a member of the BC Lions All-Time Dream Team, at the linebacker position, as part of the club's 50 year anniversary celebration. In November, 2006, Fieldgate was voted to the Honour Roll of the CFL's top 50 players of the league's modern era by Canadian sports network TSN.
Post-football.
Following his retirement from the BC Lions in 1967, Fieldgate started his own company, and worked for the BC Lions as president in 1989. He was active with Lions' alumni and charitable events in the greater Vancouver area.

</doc>
<doc id="6932287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932287" title="The Death List">
The Death List



</doc>
<doc id="6932292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932292" title="Abbey of Hirsau">
Abbey of Hirsau



</doc>
<doc id="6932295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932295" title="Reducto ad hitlerum">
Reducto ad hitlerum



</doc>
<doc id="6932297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932297" title="Campo, Vallemaggia">
Campo, Vallemaggia

Campo is a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
In the 15th century, the Valle di Campo along with Cevio, Bignasco and Cavergno formed the "Roana Superior", a kind of administrative district. Until 1513, Campo belonged to the parish of Cevio. Cimalmotto and Niva separated from Campo's church in 1767 to form an independent parish. They also formed independent political municipalities until the beginning of the 19th century. The church of S. Bernardo in Campo was probably built in the 14th century. In the first half of the 16th century, in 1620 and 1740-45 it was enlarged. It contains frescoes by Giuseppe Mattia Borgnis (1745), who also worked on the churches of Cimalmotto and Niva, the Baroque chapel of San Giovanni and the facade of Palazzi Pedrazzini.
In the 17th and 18th centuries, the lack of arable land caused a strong migratory flow toward Germany and Italy. Some of the residents, especially merchants and emigrants, became wealthy. Many of the village buildings were richly decorated with frescoes. At this time a wealthy and influential middle class emerged with political and religious power. Currently, a few families still work in agriculture. The majority of houses in the village are second homes. Even in the 18th century the area was popular as a holiday destination. Since 1850, the population has declined with many residents moving to the cities. The great distances ( from Locarno) and adverse road make it difficult for the village to become a commuter town.
The unfavorable geological conditions, exacerbated by reckless logging and resultant flooding caused numerous landslides since the beginning of the 19th century.
Geography.
Campo has an area, , of . Of this area, or 2.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 44.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 0.8% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.8% is either rivers or lakes and or 39.8% is unproductive land. Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.4% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.3%. Out of the forested land, 28.0% of the total land area is heavily forested, while 10.6% is covered in small trees and shrubbery and 5.8% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 2.1% is used for growing crops. Of the water in the municipality, 0.2% is in lakes and 1.7% is in rivers and streams. Of the unproductive areas, 19.3% is unproductive vegetation and 20.5% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Vallemaggia district, in the upper Valle di Campo. It consists of the villages of Campo (Mezzo), Cimalmotto (), Piano and Niva (). The villages are all geographically isolated from each other.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure a fleur de lis or."
Demographics.
Campo has a population () of . , 8.8% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -9.5%. Most of the population () speaks Italian language (52 or 89.7%), with German being second most common (5 or 8.6%) and English being third (1 or 1.7%). There are people who speak French and people who speak Romansh.
, the gender distribution of the population was 55.8% male and 44.2% female. The population was made up of 27 Swiss men (51.9% of the population), and 2 (3.8%) non-Swiss men. There were 23 Swiss women (44.2%), and (0.0%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 26 or about 44.8% were born in Campo and lived there in 2000. There were 9 or 15.5% who were born in the same canton, while 11 or 19.0% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 8 or 13.8% were born outside of Switzerland.
In there was 1 live birth to Swiss citizens and 1 death of a Swiss citizen. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens remained the same while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. The total Swiss population remained the same in 2008 and the non-Swiss population remained the same. This represents a population growth rate of 0.0%.
The age distribution, , in Campo is; 1 child is between 0 and 9 years old and 1 teenager is between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 4 people or 7.7% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 9 people or 17.3% are between 30 and 39, 7 people or 13.5% are between 40 and 49, and 10 people or 19.2% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 7 people or 13.5% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 1 person is between 70 and 79, there are 12 people or 23.1% who are over 80.
, there were 33 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 19 married individuals, 1 widow or widower and 5 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 30 private households in the municipality, and an average of 1.9 persons per household. There were 13 households that consist of only one person and 2 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 30 households that answered this question, 43.3% were households made up of just one person. Of the rest of the households, there are 8 married couples without children, 3 married couples with children There were 6 households that were made up unrelated people.
 there were 185 single family homes (or 93.4% of the total) out of a total of 198 inhabited buildings. There were 5 multi-family buildings (2.5%) and 8 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (4.0%). Of the single family homes 21 were built before 1919, while 1 was built between 1990 and 2000. The greatest number of single family homes (102) were built between 1919 and 1945.
 there were 202 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was 4 rooms of which there were 41. There were 14 single room apartments and 71 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 30 apartments (14.9% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 171 apartments (84.7%) were seasonally occupied and 1 apartment (0.5%) was empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 17.5 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Case Pedrazzini and Oratory of S. Giovanni Battista and the Parish Church of S. Bernardo with Via Crucis are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance. The entire villages of Campo and Cimalmotto are part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 30.77% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (24.52%), the FDP (19.71%) and the SVP (9.62%). In the federal election, a total of 26 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 51.0%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 53 registered voters in Campo, of which 37 or 69.8% voted. 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 36 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 11 or 30.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 8 or 22.2%), the PS (with 6 or 16.7%) and the PLRT (with 3 or 8.3%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 36 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 11 or 30.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 10 or 27.8%), the SSI (with 8 or 22.2%) and the PLRT (with 3 or 8.3%).
Economy.
, Campo had an unemployment rate of 1.19%. , there were 8 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 3 businesses involved in this sector. 2 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 1 business in this sector. There were 27 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 33.3% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 6. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 5, all of which were in agriculture. There were no jobs in the secondary sector. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 1 in a hotel or restaurant.
, there were 8 workers who commuted away from the municipality. Of the working population, 0% used public transportation to get to work, and 33.3% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Campo.
Religion.
From the , 47 or 81.0% were Roman Catholic, while 5 or 8.6% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There were 3 (or about 5.17% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 3 individuals (or about 5.17% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Campo about 14 or (24.1%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 7 or (12.1%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 7 who completed tertiary schooling, 71.4% were Swiss men, 14.3% were Swiss women.
In Campo there were a total of 2 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten but in Campo there were no children in kindergarten, primary school or the lower secondary school system.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were no vocational students who were attending school full-time and 1 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there was 1 student from Campo who attended a school outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6932300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932300" title="Fluosol">
Fluosol



</doc>
<doc id="6932302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932302" title="Queen Alexandra College">
Queen Alexandra College

Queen Alexandra College (QAC) is an independent specialist college of further education based in Harborne, Birmingham for students above the age of sixteen with visual impairment, autism and other disabilities. Students can develop their academic, social, employment and independent skills through individualised programmes. QAC also offers many leisure activities. Its registered charity number 1065794.
The Bradbury Centre, opened in September 2006, houses a sensory My-Space area, a well equipped Art and Design studio, The Job Shop, Learning Resource Centre, Creative and Media studio and various preparation for life base rooms.
The Bradbury Sports Hall, completed in 2014, is a sports facility providing all students access to a broad range of disabled and non-disabled sports. The facility is used at evening and at weekends by the local community for various activities.
Programmes.
QAC offers numerous learning programmes.
Activities.
QAC organises leisure activities outside college time including exercising in the Feelgood Fitness Centre, five-a-side football, soccer training, athletics training and competitions, " (portmanteau of fitness and jujutsu), goalball, swimming club and other related activities, such as ten-pin bowling at Tenpin, Star City, ice skating, pool tournaments and climbing. Other activities it organises include cinema (especially at Cineworld), premiership football matches, concerts (especially at the NIA and the NEC), karaoke, residential visits, outward bound expeditions and music club.
History.
Queen Alexandra College grew out of the Birmingham Royal Institution for the Blind. In 1958, the BRIB opened a facility named the Queen Alexandra Technical College for the Blind was opened; this facility eventually became QAC's current campus. In 1997, operation of QAC was transferred from BRIB to an independent charitable company.

</doc>
<doc id="6932305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932305" title="Eglinton-West (TTC))">
Eglinton-West (TTC))



</doc>
<doc id="6932307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932307" title="BMP-T">
BMP-T



</doc>
<doc id="6932313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932313" title="Blažice">
Blažice

Blažice () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
Historically, the village was first mentioned in 1245.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 205 metres and covers an area of .
It has a population of about 500 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6932316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932316" title="Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport">
Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport

Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport , or Guwahati Airport, is an international airport serving the largest city of Assam and the capital of the state within it, Guwahati and Dispur, in India. It is the primary airport of Northeast India, and the 7th-busiest airport in India. It is located at Borjhar, 26 km (16 mi) from Dispur and 28 km (18 mi) from Guwahati. It is named after Gopinath Bordoloi, a freedom fighter and the first Chief Minister of Assam after India's independence. The airport is managed by the Airports Authority of India and also serves as an Indian Air Force base.
History.
The airport has undergone numerous expansions and renovations since its establishment in 1958, to facilitate socio-economic development, growth, connectivity and tourism in the state as well as in North-East India, as a gateway to the region. It handled more than 3.7 million passengers in 2017, an increase of 36% from 2016. The airport witnessed annual traffic of over 23% in 2018–19, with a total footfall of 5.7 million passengers and 55,066 aircraft movements in the same period. In 2023, the airport operated on its highest capacity in terms of passengers and aircraft movements ever since its establishment. It handled more than 5.6 million passengers and 46,600 aircraft till 31 December 2023, with an updated figure due in April 2024, thus almost touching its peak capacity of 6 million passengers per annum.
In 2002, the first international flight operated by Air India from the airport to Bangkok, using an Airbus A310 aircraft, thus becoming the first international airport in the North-East region. However, the flight was withdrawn due to poor passenger load. In January 2019, the airport won bids for two international destinations under the government's UDAN Scheme, with destinations most anticipated being Dhaka and Bangkok–Don Mueang. In November 2021, the airport won more bids, this time for six international destinations under the UDAN Scheme – Dhaka, Bangkok–Don Mueang, Kuala Lumpur, Singapore and Yangon.
In February 2019, the airport was given on lease for 50 years' ownership to Adani Group, at the highest bid of ₹ 160 per passenger.
As of February 2024, international flights in the airport are operated by Drukair from Paro to Singapore, as a connecting flight, and by Thai AirAsia to Bangkok–Don Mueang.
To relieve the existing terminal from rising traffic and demand, a new terminal building is under construction since March 2018, and will be completed by July 2024.
Structure.
Runway.
The airport has a -long and -wide runway, oriented 02/20, capable of handling widebody aircraft like the Boeing 787, and is equipped with CAT-III Instrument Landing System (ILS), Döppler Very High Frequency (DVOR)/Distance Measuring Equipment (DME) and PAPI lights facilities to allow flight operations to take place at night and during unfavourable weather conditions, like rain and fog. The airport has two aprons–one in front of the main passenger terminal and another in front of the under-construction second passenger terminal, together capable for parking of 25 narrowbody aircraft like the Airbus A321 and Boeing 737.
Terminals.
Terminal 1.
Terminal 1 is the existing passenger terminal since 1958. It covers an area of , and is divided into two parts for domestic and international travellers. It has three levels–the ground floor for arrivals, the mezzanine floor for boarding area and the third floor for departures. It has four aerobridges, and is capable for serving 20,000 passengers during peak hours and 6 million passengers annually. In front of its entrance, there is a large parking space for vehicles. To its north, there is a cargo terminal along with storage areas, and to its south, there are an air traffic control (ATC) tower, a fire station, a fuel station and a technical block.
Facilities.
The airport offers a specialised service that offers customised packages and an array of services to meet travellers' requirements, including professional assistance to corporate clients and support to group travellers, senior citizens and solo travellers.
Other facilities include in-line baggage handling systems, conveyor belts, booking counters, immigration and emigration counters, check-in kiosks, CCTVs, washrooms, restaurants, lounges, multiple retail stores and souvenir shops, lost and found service, free WiFi, child care facilities, cargo services, medical facilities, facilities for physically challenged passengers, duty-free, porter service, foreign exchange counters and tourist information desks.
Features.
The airport has adopted various measures such as a solid waste management system, a wastewater treatment facility, a rainwater harvesting facility, a solar power plant to the south of the terminal for generating electricity, green spaces and an underground drainage system. The upcoming Terminal 2 will also have the same features with more developed systems.
Expansion.
To meet the growing demands and rising traffic in the future, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) has undertaken construction of a second passenger terminal in the northern side of the airport, at a cost of .
The new terminal building will be capable of handling 4,300 domestic and 200 international 
passengers during peak hours, and about 10 million passengers annually. It will be equipped 
with 64 check-in counters, 20 self-check-in kiosks, 10 escalators, six elevators, six baggage claim counters, 16 self-baggage drop counters, in-line baggage security screening systems, ten aerobridges, multiple retail stores, souvenir shops and passenger-friendly facilities and amenities.
The foundation stone for the new terminal was laid by the then Minister of Civil Aviation, Ashok Gajapathi Raju, and Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal in January 2018, and construction began in March 2018. It was scheduled to be ready by June 2021. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which caused several delays in work due to lack of labour and restrictions, it was rescheduled to June 2022. The estimated completion date was again changed to be the end of 2023. As of February 2024, more than halfway of the work had been completed, and the date for completion and opening was set to July 2024. As of February 2025, all works have been completed, with just the finishing touches being given. Meanwhile, the existing terminal has been optimised to cater to the rising traffic and demand, by increasing the total area to , a significant increase from its previous size of just . The new terminal is scheduled to be opened either by April or May 2025, at the earliest. In March 2025, Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma stated that the new terminal would be operational by late 2025.

</doc>
<doc id="6932317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932317" title="Conoid">
Conoid

In geometry a conoid () is a ruled surface, whose rulings (lines) fulfill the additional conditions:
The conoid is a right conoid if its axis is perpendicular to its directrix plane. Hence all rulings are perpendicular to the axis.
Because of (1) any conoid is a Catalan surface and can be represented parametrically by 
Any curve with fixed parameter is a ruling, describes the "directrix" and the vectors are all parallel to the directrix plane. The planarity of the vectors can be represented by 
If the directrix is a circle, the conoid is called a circular conoid.
The term "conoid" was already used by Archimedes in his treatise "On Conoids and Spheroides".
Examples.
Right circular conoid.
The parametric representation
"Special features": 
The implicit representation is fulfilled by the points of the line formula_9, too. For these points there exist no tangent planes. Such points are called "singular".
Parabolic conoid.
The parametric representation
describes a "parabolic conoid" with the equation formula_12. The conoid has a parabola as directrix, the y-axis as axis and a plane parallel to the x-z-plane as directrix plane. It is used by architects as roof surface (s. below).
The parabolic conoid has no singular points.
Applications.
Mathematics.
There are a lot of conoids with singular points, which are investigated in algebraic geometry.
Architecture.
Like other ruled surfaces conoids are of high interest with architects, because they can be built using beams or bars. Right conoids can be manufactured easily: one threads bars onto an axis such that they can be rotated around this axis, only. Afterwards one deflects the bars by a directrix and generates a conoid (s. parabolic conoid).

</doc>
<doc id="6932318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932318" title="Stra-Perlo">
Stra-Perlo



</doc>
<doc id="6932319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932319" title="Blazice">
Blazice

Blazice is a municipality and village in Kroměříž District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 200 inhabitants.
History.
The first written mention of Blazice is from 1358.

</doc>
<doc id="6932323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932323" title="Cavergno">
Cavergno

Cavergno is a village in the district of Vallemaggia, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. On 22 October 2006 Cavergno lost its status as an independent municipality when together with the village of Bignasco it was incorporated into the municipality of Cevio.

</doc>
<doc id="6932324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932324" title="Paddy Moore">
Paddy Moore

Patrick Moore (4 August 1909 – 24 July 1951) was an Irish professional footballer who played for, among others, Shamrock Rovers and Aberdeen. Moore was a dual internationalist and played for both Ireland teams – the FAI XI and the IFA XI.
In February 1934 Moore scored four goals for the FAI XI in a World Cup qualifier against Belgium. As a result, he became the first player ever to score four goals in a World Cup game. However injury and alcoholism combined to blight both his career and life and he was only 41 when he died. In September 2006 Moore was posthumously honoured by Shamrock Rovers at their Legends Ball.
In October 2015 the Shamrock Rovers Heritage Trust unveiled a new gravestone for Moore and his family at Glasnevin Cemetery
Club career.
As a youth Moore played for several teams including Richmond Rovers before joining Shamrock Rovers for the first of three spells. In 1929 at the age of 19 he signed for Cardiff City, but made only one appearance. After brief spells with both Merthyr Town and Tranmere Rovers he then returned to Shamrock Rovers. During the 1931–32 season he helped Rovers win both the League of Ireland championship and the League of Ireland Shield. He also helped Rovers win the FAI Cup in both 1931 and 1932, scoring in both finals.
After an impressive performance for the FAI XI against the Netherlands in May 1932, Moore, together with Joe O'Reilly and Jimmy Daly, was one of three Irish players from that team who were then signed by Aberdeen. The trio were signed for a combined fee of less than £1,000. Moore made an impressive start for Aberdeen, scoring 27 goals in 29 Scottish League matches during the 1932–33 season. However, in subsequent seasons his problems with alcoholism began to emerge.
In February 1934 the Aberdeen manager Paddy Travers accompanied Moore while on international duty against Belgium to help keep him away from alcohol. Travers was aware that Moore had developed a drink problem that would end his career prematurely. In May 1935 Moore was selected to play for the FAI XI in an away game against Switzerland but he was declared unfit to play after drinking too heavily while travelling to the game. Other similar incidents resulted in Moore being released by Aberdeen. Moore then returned to Shamrock Rovers and in 1936 helped them win a third FAI Cup by scoring in his third final.
Irish international.
When Moore began his international career in 1931 there were, in effect, two Ireland teams, chosen by two rival associations. Both associations, the Northern Ireland-based IFA and the Irish Free State-based FAI claimed jurisdiction over the whole of Ireland and selected players from the whole island. As a result, several notable Irish players from this era, including Moore, played for both teams.
FAI XI.
Between 1931 and 1936 Moore made 9 appearances and scored 7 goals for the FAI XI. He made his international debut for the FAI XI on 26 April 1931 against Spain. Together with Tom Farquharson, Peter Kavanagh, Jeremiah Robinson and Charlie Dowdall, Moore was part of an FAI XI that gained a respectable 1–1 draw at the Montjuic Stadium in Barcelona. Moore marked his debut by scoring the FAI XI's goal. He gave the visitors the lead in the 35th minute when he received a pass from John Joe Flood and then found himself in a one against one situation with the legendary Spanish goalkeeper, Ricardo Zamora. Moore coolly lobbed the ball over the advancing Zamora and into the back of the goal. The goalkeeper subsequently tore off his shirt in disgust and threw it into the back of the net, suffering the derision of his own fans.
Moore missed the return game against Spain due to injury, but then won his second FAI XI cap against the Netherlands on 5 May 1932. He scored the FAI XI's second goal in a 2–0 victory. Moore shot from twenty yards and bought the 30,000 crowd to their feet. However the highlight of Moore's international career came on 25 February 1934 at Dalymount Park when the FAI XI made their World Cup debut in a qualifier against Belgium. He scored all four goals for the FAI XI as they came from 2–0, 3–1 and then 4–3 down to draw 4–4. As a result, Moore became the first player ever to score four goals in a World Cup game. Two months later in another qualifier on 8 April 1934, Moore scored his seventh and last goal for the FAI XI in a 5–2 defeat against the Netherlands.
The other major highlight of Moore's international career came on 17 October 1936 when he masterminded the FAI XI in a 5–2 win against Germany, again at Dalymount Park. Despite not scoring himself, he helped set up four of the goals. He made his last appearance for the FAI XI on 6 December 1936 in 3–2 home defeat against Hungary.
IFA XI.
On 17 October 1932, while playing for Aberdeen, Moore made his one and only appearance for the IFA XI, in a game against England in Blackpool. Together with Jimmy Dunne, Jimmy Kelly and Harry Duggan, Moore was one of four players born in what is now the Republic of Ireland to feature in the IFA XI forward line. Although England won 1–0, the IFA selectors retained the same team for the game against Wales on 7 December. However injury prevented Moore from winning a second IFA XI cap and the 1932 game England remains the only time that Moore and Dunne played together at international level.
Coaching career.
During the 1940s Moore coached Stella Maris where he nurtured the talents of future Republic of Ireland international Ronnie Whelan, Sr. Legend has it, Whelan was initially spotted by Moore's wife, who then brought him to the attention of her husband.
Honours.
Shamrock Rovers

</doc>
<doc id="6932330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932330" title="Nangal Sahdan">
Nangal Sahdan

Nangal Sahdan ننگل ساہداں is a town in suburb of Muridke in Sheikhupura District.
References.
Rana Khalil 
Rana zuilfqar
Rana junaid 
Rana Usman 
Rana shan 
Rana farhan

</doc>
<doc id="6932333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932333" title="Theo Doesburg">
Theo Doesburg



</doc>
<doc id="6932337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932337" title="Double bagel">
Double bagel



</doc>
<doc id="6932338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932338" title="Terminators">
Terminators



</doc>
<doc id="6932343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932343" title="Fire of Moscow (1547)">
Fire of Moscow (1547)

The great fire of Moscow in 1547 destroyed sections of Moscow that had been built almost entirely of wood. The fire swept into the Kremlin and blew up the powder stores in several of the Kremlin's towers. The fire began on 24 June, several months after Ivan IV, better known as "Ivan the Terrible," was officially crowned as first tsar of all Russia.
The fire displaced about 80,000 people and killed about 2,700 to 3,700 people (not including children), and led to widespread poverty among the survivors. Metropolitan Macarius was apparently injured in the fire when the Cathedral of the Dormition in the Kremlin was threatened by the flames and the metropolitan was taken out through a breach in the Kremlin walls and let down by rope into the Moscow River. He may have never fully recovered from his injuries, although he lived another 16 years.
The Muscovites put the blame on the tsar's maternal relatives from the . A rebellion began and Yuri Glinski was stoned to death inside the Cathedral of the Dormition in front of a horrified Metropolitan Macarius. Yuri's brother, Mikhail Glinski attempted to flee to Lithuania but failed, and his mother, Anna Glinskaya – the tsar's grandmother – was accused of using sorcery to start the fire. The rebellion resulted in the fall of the Glinski party and eventually strengthened the positions of the young tsar, although he did not hand his grandmother over to the mob as they demanded.

</doc>
<doc id="6932348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932348" title="LBLR">
LBLR

LBLR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6932355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932355" title="Bishop of Sens">
Bishop of Sens



</doc>
<doc id="6932356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932356" title="Richard Henderson">
Richard Henderson

Richard Henderson (or variants) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6932358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932358" title="Tony Royster Junior">
Tony Royster Junior



</doc>
<doc id="6932363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932363" title="Garret Lee">
Garret Lee



</doc>
<doc id="6932364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932364" title="Cerentino">
Cerentino

Cerentino is a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
During the mid-19th Century, the population declined sharply due to emigration to other countries and a rural exodus. The parish church of Madonna delle Grazie was already in operation in the 15th Century. It was expanded in the beginning of the 16th Century. In 1513, it broke away from the parish of Cevio. The church contains frescoes and stucco from the 17th century.
The soil around Cerentino is rich in limestone, which was used in construction and in the production of lime for mortar. The villages are threatened by landslides and continual erosion.
Modernly, animal husbandry and agriculture, which earlier granted the villages a far-reaching self-sufficiency, is still main income source of most residents. In the summer months there is some tourism to the municipality.
Geography.
Cerentino has an area, , of . Of this area, or 1.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 66.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 1.8% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.2% is either rivers or lakes and or 26.5% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.3% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.8%. Out of the forested land, 54.0% of the total land area is heavily forested and 6.6% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 1.6% is used for growing crops. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 17.0% is unproductive vegetation and 9.5% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Vallemaggia district, at the confluence of the Rovana river with the stream of the Valle di Bosco. It consists of nine inhabited settlements as well as two abandoned ones. The settlements are quite isolated from each other and the rest of the canton. The main settlement is located at an elevation of .
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure on a base bent a deer trippant or."
Demographics.
Cerentino has a population () of . , 7.7% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 18.9%. Most of the population () speaks Italian language (52 or 89.7%), with German being second most common (5 or 8.6%) and French being third (1 or 1.7%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 52.6% male and 47.4% female. The population was made up of 27 Swiss men (47.4% of the population), and 3 (5.3%) non-Swiss men. There were 25 Swiss women (43.9%), and 2 (3.5%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 32 or about 55.2% were born in Cerentino and lived there in 2000. There were 15 or 25.9% who were born in the same canton, while 4 or 6.9% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 6 or 10.3% were born outside of Switzerland.
In there was 1 live birth to Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 1 while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 2 non-Swiss men who immigrated from another country to Switzerland and 1 non-Swiss woman who emigrated from Switzerland to another country. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 2 and the non-Swiss population remained the same. This represents a population growth rate of 3.2%.
The age distribution, , in Cerentino is; 3 children or 5.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 5 teenagers or 8.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 5 people or 8.8% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 8 people or 14.0% are between 30 and 39, 7 people or 12.3% are between 40 and 49, and 8 people or 14.0% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 6 people or 10.5% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 7 people or 12.3% are between 70 and 79, there are 8 people or 14.0% who are over 80.
, there were 28 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 20 married individuals, 8 widows or widowers and 2 individuals who are divorced.
 the average number of residents per living room was 0.49 which is fewer people per room than the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 60.7% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 28 private households in the municipality, and an average of 1.9 persons per household. There were 13 households that consist of only one person and 1 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 30 households that answered this question, 43.3% were households made up of just one person and 2 were adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 5 married couples without children, 3 married couples with children There were 4 single parents with a child or children. There was 1 household that was made up unrelated people and 2 households that were made some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 87 single family homes (or 80.6% of the total) out of a total of 108 inhabited buildings. There were 15 multi-family buildings (13.9%), and 6 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (5.6%). Of the single family homes 3 were built before 1919, while none were built between 1990 and 2000. The greatest number of single family homes (40) were built between 1919 and 1945.
 there were 128 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was 4 rooms of which there were 39. There were 10 single room apartments and 23 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 28 apartments (21.9% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 100 apartments (78.1%) were seasonally occupied. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Sights.
The entire small village of Corino is designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites
Economy.
, Cerentino had an unemployment rate of 4.33%. , there were 14 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 5 businesses involved in this sector. 2 people were employed in the secondary sector and there was 1 business in this sector. 4 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 2 businesses in this sector. There were 24 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 33.3% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 12. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 9, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 2, both of which were in manufacturing. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 1.
, there were 7 workers who commuted into the municipality and 9 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.3 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 4.2% used public transportation to get to work, and 41.7% used a private car.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 48.65% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (29.05%), the CVP (14.86%) and the Ticino League (5.41%). In the federal election, a total of 19 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 35.2%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 55 registered voters in Cerentino, of which 29 or 52.7% voted. The most popular party was the PS which received 8 or 27.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 8 or 27.6%), the PLRT (with 6 or 20.7%) and the PPD+GenGiova (with 4 or 13.8%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 null ballot was cast, leaving 28 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 8 or 28.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 6 or 21.4%), the PLRT (with 5 or 17.9%) and the PPD (with 4 or 14.3%).
Religion.
From the , 41 or 70.7% were Roman Catholic, while 6 or 10.3% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There was 1 individual who was Islamic. 7 (or about 12.07% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 3 individuals (or about 5.17% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Cerentino about 17 or (29.3%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 2 or (3.4%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 2 who completed tertiary schooling, they both were Swiss women.
In Cerentino there were a total of 8 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Cerentino there was 1 child in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years. In the municipality, 4 students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 3 students in the two-year middle school, while 0 students were in the four-year advanced program. There were no students in the upper secondary program.
, there were 6 students from Cerentino who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6932365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932365" title="Bishopric of Sens">
Bishopric of Sens



</doc>
<doc id="6932368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932368" title="Bluegrey carpetshark">
Bluegrey carpetshark

The bluegrey carpetshark ("Brachaelurus colcloughi") or Colclough's shark, is an uncommon species of carpet shark endemic to shallow inshore waters off northeastern Australia. It is one of the two extant members of the family Brachaeluridae. The bluegrey carpetshark has a stocky body with a wide, slightly flattened head, dorsally placed eyes, and a pair of long barbels with posterior skin flaps. It has large pectoral fins, two dorsal fins of unequal size placed far back on the body, and a sizeable space between the anal fin and the base of the caudal fin. Growing to long, this species has a black-and-white colour pattern as a juvenile, which largely fades with age such as that adults are brownish.
When removed from the water, the bluegrey carpetshark will close its eyes like the related blind shark ("Brachaelurus waddi"). It feeds on benthic invertebrates and bony fishes, and is aplacental viviparous with females bearing litters of 6–7 pups. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed this species as Vulnerable, given its rarity and restricted occurrence in heavily utilized waters. It is taken in small numbers by commercial and recreational fisheries, and for the aquarium trade.
Taxonomy.
The bluegrey carpetshark was described by Australian ichthyologist James Douglas Ogilby as a species of "Brachaelurus", in a 1908 issue of "Proceedings of the Royal Society of Queensland". He named the shark after his friend John Colclough, and based his account on two immature males about long from Moreton Bay in Queensland, one of which was later "accidentally destroyed".
In 1940, Gilbert Percy Whitley published the first illustrations of the bluegrey carpetshark, but unfortunately they were inaccurate in some respects, particularly on omitting a midline groove on the chin. Much taxonomic confusion then resulted, on whether the bluegrey carpetshark and the blind shark belonged to separate genera or even constituted separate species, that were not resolved until the Queensland Museum obtained new specimens for study. Other common names for this species include blue-grey catshark, bluegrey shark, and southern blind shark. The genus Heteroscyllium is a synonym of Brachaelurus.
Distribution and habitat.
Rare to uncommon, the bluegrey carpetshark occurs along the northeastern coast of Australia from Gladstone, Queensland to Ballina, New South Wales, with most records coming from Moreton Bay. There are also a handful of reports from off the Cape York Peninsula, and this species may be more widely distributed on the Great Barrier Reef. Demersal in nature, the bluegrey carpet shark is usually found close to shore in water less than deep, though it has been recorded as far down as . It inhabits soft-bottomed habitats and has also been reported around shipwrecks.
Description.
The bluegrey carpetshark has a stout body with a long, slightly flattened head. The snout is blunt and looks wedge-shaped from the side. The large eyes are horizontally oval and placed high on the head, each with a strong ridge underneath and a large, round spiracles following immediately behind and below. The nostrils are preceded by a pair of long barbels, which have an enlarged posterior flap halfway along their lengths. There are well-developed skin flaps and grooves around the incurrent nostril opening, as well as a pair of grooves connecting them to the small, almost transverse mouth. The tooth rows number 32–34 in the upper jaw and 21–29 in the lower jaw; each tooth has an upright, awl-like central cusp and two lateral cusplets. The five pairs of gill slits are short, with the fourth and fifth pairs more closely spaced than the others.
The pectoral and pelvic fins are broad and rounded, with the former larger than the latter. The two dorsal fin have rounded apices and are placed far back, with the first originating over the pelvic fin bases. The second dorsal fin is noticeably smaller than the first. The anal fin is less than half the size of the first dorsal fin and placed so that its free rear tip just reaches the base of the caudal fin. The caudal fin is long and low and comprises about a quarter of the total length, with no lower lobe and a strong ventral notch near the tip of the upper lobe. The dermal denticles are tiny, smooth, and non-overlapping. Adults are grayish to golden brown above and white below, with faint darker saddles and white patches on the dorsal fins. Juveniles have a striking pattern of large black markings on a white background. This species can grow up to long.
Biology and ecology.
Like the blind shark, the bluegrey carpetshark shuts its lower eyelids when taken out of the water. It feeds on small benthic invertebrates and bony fishes. This species is aplacental viviparous, with the unborn young losing their egg cases early in development and being sustained by yolk sacs. Females bear litters of 6–7 young; the newborns measure around long.
Human interactions.
Harmless to humans, the bluegrey carpetshark is occasionally captured incidentally by commercial fisheries or hooked by recreational anglers. Small numbers are collected for the private aquarium trade, as it is attractive (especially young sharks) and probably adapts well to captivity. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed this species as Vulnerable, citing its narrow habitat preferences, limited range in a heavily populated region, and apparent rarity.

</doc>
<doc id="6932373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932373" title="Tony Royster">
Tony Royster



</doc>
<doc id="6932375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932375" title="Heteroscyllium colcloughi">
Heteroscyllium colcloughi



</doc>
<doc id="6932378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932378" title="Tony Royster Jr">
Tony Royster Jr



</doc>
<doc id="6932381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932381" title="Rot-Weiss Ahlen">
Rot-Weiss Ahlen



</doc>
<doc id="6932384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932384" title="Cevio">
Cevio

Cevio is the capital of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. In 2006 Cevio grew by incorporating the villages of Bignasco and Cavergno, previously municipalities in their own right.
History.
Cevio was first mentioned in 1335 as "Zevio".
The municipality has long been the principal town of the district. In 1858, the municipality of Linescio was separated from it.
Chancellor Giovan Angelo Franzoni, who was in power for 36 years, built himself a Patrician palazzo outside the center of Cevio.
After the Second World War a rapid diversification of the historical heritage began. In 1962, the Museo di Valmaggia was founded to preserve and show the material heritage of the valley. After acquisition and restoration of the Palazzo Franzoni, the first regional ethnographic museum of the canton of Ticino was opened in 1963 there.
In the fall of 2006, Cavergno and Bignasco were incorporated into the municipality; Bignasco failed to resist the incorporation in court.
Geography.
Cevio has an area, , of . Of this area, or 0.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 6.3% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 0.5% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.6% is either rivers or lakes and or 1.9% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.1% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.1%. Out of the forested land, all of the forested land area is covered with heavy forests. Of the agricultural land, 0.2% is used for growing crops. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 1.2% is unproductive vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Vallemaggia district. It is the center of the Rovana sub-district and is located at the confluence of the Maggia and Rovana rivers. Cevio consists of a number of scattered settlements. Particularly interesting is the hamlet Boschetto (almost abandoned), which has preserved the structure of the rural seventeenth-century village intact. There are an unusual number of rocks with cup markings.
Until 1858, the village of Linescio was part of Cevio, and in 2006, the former municipality of Cavergno joined Cevio.
Cevio lies northwest of Locarno in the upper Vallemaggia. The mountain Pizzo Alzasca overlooks the town.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Aure St. maurice riding a horse argent holding a flag gules a cross argent and in base three fleurs de li or."
Demographics.
Cevio has a population () of . , 14.7% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -4.6%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian language (387 or 77.9%), with German being second most common (54 or 10.9%) and Spanish being third (21 or 4.2%). There are 12 people who speak French and 1 person who speaks Romansh. The inhabitants of Cevio speak the Alpine dialect of the Lombard language, one of the four existing dialects, still maintaining standard Italian as an official language.
Of the 476 residents, 364 (76.47 percent) are Swiss citizens. The largest non-Swiss groups are from Italy, Spain, Portugal, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Sri Lanka. The unusually high number of non-Swiss in the municipality is due to the abundance of jobs in the quarries and hospital.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.7% male and 49.3% female. The population was made up of 512 Swiss men (41.9% of the population), and 107 (8.8%) non-Swiss men. There were 540 Swiss women (44.2%), and 63 (5.2%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 137 or about 27.6% were born in Cevio and lived there in 2000. There were 140 or 28.2% who were born in the same canton, while 60 or 12.1% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 131 or 26.4% were born outside of Switzerland.
In there were 7 live births to Swiss citizens and were 15 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 8 while the foreign population decreased by 1. There were 2 Swiss men and 3 Swiss women who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 8 non-Swiss men who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 4 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 8 people. This represents a population growth rate of -1.0%.
The age distribution, , in Cevio is; 94 children or 7.7% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 127 teenagers or 10.4% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 126 people or 10.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 112 people or 9.2% are between 30 and 39, 204 people or 16.7% are between 40 and 49, and 187 people or 15.3% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 140 people or 11.5% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 133 people or 10.9% are between 70 and 79, there are 99 people or 8.1% who are over 80.
, there were 186 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 235 married individuals, 52 widows or widowers and 24 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 518 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. There were 68 households that consist of only one person and 8 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 205 households that answered this question, 33.2% were households made up of just one person and 4 were adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 59 married couples without children, 56 married couples with children There were 10 single parents with a child or children. There were 4 households that were made up unrelated people and 4 households that were made some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 233 single family homes (or 79.0% of the total) out of a total of 295 inhabited buildings. There were 44 multi-family buildings (14.9%), along with 5 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (1.7%) and 13 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (4.4%). Of the single family homes 11 were built before 1919, while 10 were built between 1990 and 2000. The greatest number of single family homes (134) were built between 1919 and 1945.
 there were 378 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was 3 rooms of which there were 114. There were 25 single room apartments and 78 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 197 apartments (52.1% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 177 apartments (46.8%) were seasonally occupied and 4 apartments (1.1%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 1.6 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.34%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Respini-Moretti House, the Case Franzoni and the Museo di Valmaggia, the Church of S. Maria del Ponte alla Rovana, the Parish Church of S. Maria Assunta e S. Giovanni with Ossuary and Portico, and the Pretorio are all listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance. The villages of Bignasco, Boschetto, Cevio/Rovana and the Val Bavona are all part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 32.93% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (26.74%), the SP (15.29%) and the Ticino League (14.43%). In the federal election, a total of 386 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 45.7%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 847 registered voters in Cevio, of which 575 or 67.9% voted. 3 blank ballots were cast, leaving 572 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 167 or 29.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 123 or 21.5%), the PLRT (with 103 or 18.0%) and the PS (with 69 or 12.1%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 2 blank ballots and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 571 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 171 or 29.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 116 or 20.3%), the SSI (with 97 or 17.0%) and the PLRT (with 90 or 15.8%).
Economy.
, Cevio had an unemployment rate of 1.51%. , there were 32 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 14 businesses involved in this sector. 148 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 19 businesses in this sector. 372 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 66 businesses in this sector. There were 209 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 43.1% of the workforce.
 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 461. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 14, all of which were in agriculture. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 161, of which 15 or (9.3%) were in manufacturing, 21 or (13.0%) were in mining and 86 (53.4%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 286. In the tertiary sector; 28 or 9.8% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 15 or 5.2% were in the movement and storage of goods, 59 or 20.6% were in a hotel or restaurant, 9 or 3.1% were the insurance or financial industry, 10 or 3.5% were technical professionals or scientists, 41 or 14.3% were in education and 96 or 33.6% were in health care.
, there were 252 workers who commuted into the municipality and 89 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 2.8 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. About 6.7% of the workforce coming into Cevio are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 7.4% used public transportation to get to work, and 57.8% used a private car.
, there were 7 hotels in Cevio with a total of 71 rooms and 141 beds.
Religion.
From the , 389 or 78.3% were Roman Catholic, while 36 or 7.2% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 8 members of an Orthodox church (or about 1.61% of the population), and there were 2 individuals (or about 0.40% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 9 (or about 1.81% of the population) who were Islamic. There were 2 individuals who were Buddhist. 28 (or about 5.63% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 23 individuals (or about 4.63% of the population) did not answer the question.
Climate.
Between 1981 and 2010 Cevio had an average of 106.1 days of rain or snow per year and on average received of precipitation. The wettest month was September during which time Cevio received an average of of rain or snow. During this month there was precipitation for an average of 8.3 days. The month with the most days of precipitation was May, with an average of 13, but with only of rain or snow. The driest month of the year was February with an average of of precipitation over 5.8 days.
Cevio village has a Maritime Temperate climate (CfB) under the Köppen climate classification. The average annual temperature is . The average coldest month was January with an average temperature of , while the warmest month was July with an average temperature of .
Education.
In Cevio about 146 or (29.4%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 40 or (8.0%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a ). Of the 40 who completed tertiary schooling, 50.0% were Swiss men, 35.0% were Swiss women.
In Cevio there were a total of 197 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Cevio there were 23 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 62 students attended the standard primary schools and 2 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 49 students in the two-year middle school, while 17 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 7 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 33 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 4 students in the professional program.
, there were 236 students in Cevio who came from another municipality, while 16 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6932395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932395" title="Brachaelurus">
Brachaelurus

Brachaelurus (blind sharks) is the sole genus of sharks in the family Brachaeluridae in the order Orectolobiformes. Only two extant species of blind sharks occur, both of which are native to shallow coastal waters up to deep, off the eastern coast of Australia.
They are distinguished by the presence of long barbels, large spiracles, and a groove around the nostrils. They have two dorsal fins, placed close together on the back, and a relatively short tail. Blind sharks have fully functioning eyes, but their name was given to them because when caught by anglers these eyes are closed (probably to protect them).
Blind sharks feed on small fish, cuttlefish, sea anemones, and crustaceans. The female retains the eggs in her body until they hatch (ovoviviparity), during which time the embryos feed solely on the egg yolk.
Species.
Two extant species in this genus are recognized:
At least one species is present in the fossil record:
In aquaria.
Both the blind shark and the Coclough's shark have been successfully kept in home aquaria. In captivity, they can live to be 20 years old. They are well suited because of their small adult sizes and "predilection for tight spaces". However, they are inactive during the daytime and spend most of the daylight hours hiding in artificial caves. Brachaelurids have been successfully reared in home aquaria on diets of fresh and frozen seafood fed three times weekly. Waters at have been found to be most conducive to the health of these fish. Brachaelurids have been known to consume any of their tankmates that can be successfully swallowed. Blind sharks have been induced to breed in captivity. The Sydney Aquarium has successfully maintained an entire breeding colony of blind sharks.

</doc>
<doc id="6932409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932409" title="Heteroscyllium">
Heteroscyllium



</doc>
<doc id="6932410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932410" title="Yanyā Punhi">
Yanyā Punhi



</doc>
<doc id="6932413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932413" title="Fort Nelson (Kentucky)">
Fort Nelson (Kentucky)

Fort Nelson, built in 1781 by troops under George Rogers Clark including Captain Richard Chenoweth, was the second on-shore fort on the Ohio River in the area of what is now downtown Louisville, Kentucky. Fort-on-Shore, the downriver and first on-shore fort, had proved to be insufficient barely three years after it was established. In response to continuing attacks from Native Americans and the threat of British attacks during the Revolutionary War, Fort Nelson was constructed between what is currently Main Street and the river, with its main gate near Seventh Street. It was named after Thomas Nelson Jr., then the governor of Virginia. (Kentucky was part of Virginia at the time.)
The fort was used as a courthouse and jail until one was built. The fort was garrisoned until the building of Fort Finney across the river at the site of what is today Jeffersonville, Indiana about 1784. Ironically, the fort was built late in the Revolutionary War when the need for it had almost disappeared. By the late 1780s there were reports that the fort had been abandoned and was in poor condition.
Fort Nelson Park stands in the vicinity today, a pocket park housing a granite monument commemorating the fort.
Fort-on-Shore.
Fort-on-Shore (), built in 1778 by William Linn, was the first on-shore fort on the Ohio River in the area of what is now downtown Louisville. George Rogers Clark had directed Linn to move the militia post to the mainland from its original off-shore location at Corn Island. The fort was located near the current intersection of Twelfth and Rowan Streets.

</doc>
<doc id="6932414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932414" title="Open C tuning">
Open C tuning

Open C tuning is an open tuning for guitar. The open-string notes form a C major chord, which is the triad (C,E,G) having the root note C, the major third (C,E), and the perfect fifth (C,G). When the guitar is strummed without fretting any strings, a C-major chord is sounded. By barring all of the strings for one fret (from one to eleven), one finger suffices to fret the other eleven major-chords.
Examples.
There are several open C tunings.
Repetitive C-E-G-C-E-G.
&lt;score vorbis="1"&gt; {
\clef "treble_8"
\time 3/4
&lt;c e g c' e' g'&gt;2.
&lt;c &gt;4
&lt;e &gt;4
&lt;g &gt;4
&lt;c' &gt;4
&lt;e' &gt;4
&lt;g' &gt;4
&lt;c e g c' e' g'&gt;2.
&lt;/score&gt;
The English guitar uses a repetitive open-C tuning
which is approximately a major-thirds tuning, specifically 
&lt;score vorbis="1"&gt; {
\clef "treble_8"
\time 3/4
&lt;c e aes c' e' aes'&gt;2.
&lt;c &gt;4
&lt;e &gt;4
&lt;aes &gt;4
&lt;c' &gt;4
&lt;e' &gt;4
&lt;aes' &gt;4
&lt;c e aes c' e' aes'&gt;2.
&lt;/score&gt;
"C5" variant C-G-C-G-G-E.
&lt;score vorbis="1"&gt; {
\clef "treble_8"
\time 3/4
&lt;c, g, c g g e'&gt;2.
&lt;c, &gt;4
&lt;g, &gt;4
&lt;c &gt;4
&lt;g &gt;4
&lt;g &gt;4
&lt;e' &gt;4
&lt;c, g, c g g e'&gt;2.
&lt;/score&gt;
This open C tuning was used by Soundgarden for songs including Pretty Noose, Burden in My Hand, and Head Down. Chord sequences often omit the high E string, leaving the power chord ubiquitous to Grunge music.
C-G-C-G-C-E.
&lt;score vorbis="1"&gt; {
\clef "treble_8"
\time 3/4
&lt;c, g, c g c' e'&gt;2.
&lt;c, &gt;4
&lt;g, &gt;4
&lt;c &gt;4
&lt;g &gt;4
&lt;c' &gt;4
&lt;e' &gt;4
&lt;c, g, c g c' e'&gt;2.
&lt;/score&gt;
This open C tuning was used by William Ackerman for his "Townshend Shuffle", by John Fahey for his tribute to Mississippi John Hurt, and by Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page for "Friends". It is also used by Devin Townsend for the vast majority of his work (The Devin Townsend Project, Strapping Young Lad, Casualties of Cool).
Overtones C-C-G-C-E-G.
&lt;score vorbis="1"&gt; {
\clef "treble_8"
\time 3/4
&lt;c, c g c' e' g'&gt;2.
&lt;c, &gt;4
&lt;c &gt;4
&lt;g &gt;4
&lt;c' &gt;4
&lt;e' &gt;4
&lt;g' &gt;4
&lt;c, c g c' e' g'&gt;2.
&lt;/score&gt;
Another open C tuning uses the harmonic sequence (overtones) of the note C. When an open-note C-string is struck, its harmonic sequence begins with the notes (C,C,G,C,E,G,B,C). The root note is associated with a sequence of intervals, beginning with the unison interval (C,C), the octave interval (C,C), the perfect fifth (C,G), the perfect fourth (G,C), the major third (C,E), and the minor third (E,G); in particular, this sequence of intervals contains the thirds of the C-major chord {(C,E),(E,G)}.
C-minor open chord: Cross-note tuning.
Flattening this open tuning's open-note E to E changes the open chord from C-major to C-minor, so producing the cross-note tuning 
&lt;score vorbis="1"&gt; {
\clef "treble_8"
\time 3/4
&lt;c, c g c' ees' g'&gt;2.
&lt;c, &gt;4
&lt;c &gt;4
&lt;g &gt;4
&lt;c' &gt;4
&lt;ees' &gt;4
&lt;g' &gt;4
&lt;c, c g c' ees' g'&gt;2.
&lt;/score&gt;
which enables one-finger minor chords. Like other cross-note tunings, it also allows major chords to be fretted with one adjacent finger.
Relation to new standard tuning.
Many of the notes from the harmonic sequence for C appear in the new standard tuning (NST), which is a nearly regular tuning based on perfect fifths; NST also has (D,A) from the pentatonic scale on C:
NST is used in Guitar Craft (a school of guitar playing founded by King Crimson's Robert Fripp). The open-C overtones tuning has the same range as NST, which can use extreme strings (.011 and .059 inches).
&lt;score vorbis="1"&gt; {
\clef "treble_8"
\time 3/4
&lt;c, g, d a e' g'&gt;2.
&lt;c, &gt;4
&lt;g, &gt;4
&lt;d &gt;4
4
&lt;e' &gt;4
&lt;g' &gt;4
&lt;c, g, d a e' g'&gt;2.
&lt;/score&gt;
C-C-G-C-E-C.
&lt;score vorbis="1"&gt; {
\clef "treble_8"
\time 3/4
&lt;c, c g c' e' c"&gt;2.
&lt;c, &gt;4
&lt;c &gt;4
&lt;g &gt;4
&lt;c' &gt;4
&lt;e' &gt;4
&lt;c" &gt;4
&lt;c, c g c' e' c"&gt;2.
&lt;/score&gt;
Using a high C rather than the high G of the overtone series, this open C tuning was used by Mick Ralphs for the songs "Can't Get Enough" and "Movin' On" on Bad Company's debut album. Ralphs said, "It needs the open C to have that ring," and "it never really sounds right in standard tuning".

</doc>
<doc id="6932415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932415" title="Bačkovík">
Bačkovík

Bačkovík (1323 "Bagak", 1427 "Nagybagyok, Nagybadoch", 1430 "Nogh Bagh, Kysbagh") (; ) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of Slovakia.
History.
Historically, the village was first mentioned in 1329as Sztancsóy (Stančov) feudatories’ property. After, in the order, it belonged to Perényi (1427), Zombory (18th century), Desseffwy and Bocskay noble families.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 269 metres and covers an area of .
It has a population of about 400 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive in Košice ().

</doc>
<doc id="6932421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932421" title="Backovik">
Backovik



</doc>
<doc id="6932425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932425" title="Gordevio">
Gordevio

Gordevio was a municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 20 April 2008, Avegno and Gordevio merged to form Avegno Gordevio.
History.
Gordevio is first mentioned in 1200 as "de gordauio". In 1335 it was mentioned as "de Gordavio".
The parish church of SS Giacomo e Filippo, is first mentioned in the 13th century. The current building was built in the 17th century on the remains of a previous church from the 14th century. It contains paintings by Giovanni Antonio Vanoni (19th century) and probably by Giuseppe Antonio Felice Orelli, who created frescoes in the adjacent ossuary in 1753. In village of Brièè, in 1666, the chapel of S. Antonio Abate was built. In the 14th century both Gordevio and Avegno had their own chaplain. The two villages broke away from the mother church in Maggia, and parted from each other probably about 1645.
The village center of contains some houses from the 19th century. Due to lack of farming land, emigration (at first mainly to Rome, but in the second half of the 19th century overseas as well) lowered the number of inhabitants. In the last decades of the 20th century, the population has risen again. This increase is mainly due to its proximity to agglomeration of Locarno. Agricultural jobs have practically disappeared from the village.
Geography.
The village is located in the Vallemaggia district. It consists of two sections, Villa and Brièè, which are separated by the Ri di Gèi stream.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per bend gules two fleurs de lis argent and of the last a cross pattee per saltire azure and of the first and overall a bendlet of the third."
Demographics.
Gordevio has a population () of 812. Most of the population () speaks Italian language (675 or 84.6%), with German being second most common (80 or 10.0%) and French being third (29 or 3.6%). There are 3 people who speak Romansh.
Of the population in the village 305 or about 38.2% were born in Gordevio and lived there in 2000. There were 236 or 29.6% who were born in the same canton, while 115 or 14.4% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 100 or 12.5% were born outside of Switzerland. , there were 346 people who were single and never married in the village. There were 354 married individuals, 58 widows or widowers and 40 individuals who are divorced.
There were 59 households that consist of only one person and 24 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 274 households that answered this question, 21.5% were households made up of just one person and 7 were adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 64 married couples without children, 104 married couples with children There were 26 single parents with a child or children. There were 12 households that were made up unrelated people and 2 households that were made some sort of institution or another collective housing.
 there were 260 single-family homes (or 78.5% of the total) out of a total of 331 inhabited buildings. There were 64 multi-family buildings (19.3%), along with 4 multi-purpose buildings that were mostly used for housing (1.2%) and 3 other use buildings (commercial or industrial) that also had some housing (0.9%). Of the single-family homes 12 were built before 1919, while 10 were built between 1990 and 2000. The greatest number of single-family homes (84) were built between 1919 and 1945.
 there were 422 apartments in the village. The most common apartment size was 4 rooms of which there were 112. There were 18 single room apartments and 122 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 270 apartments (64.0% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 142 apartments (33.6%) were seasonally occupied and 10 apartments (2.4%) were empty.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SP which received 27.17% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (26.51%), the FDP (21.86%) and the Ticino League (13.94%). In the federal election, a total of 262 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 45.5%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 576 registered voters in Gordevio, of which 358 or 62.2% voted. 3 blank ballots were cast, leaving 355 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 88 or 24.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 85 or 23.9%), the SSI (with 73 or 20.6%) and the LEGA (with 44 or 12.4%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 4 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 353 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 97 or 27.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD (with 88 or 24.9%), the LEGA (with 73 or 20.7%) and the SSI (with 50 or 14.2%).
Economy.
There were 318 residents of the village who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 41.2% of the workforce. , there were 86 workers who commuted into the village and 226 workers who commuted away. The village is a net exporter of workers, with about 2.6 workers leaving the village for every one entering. About 14.0% of the workforce coming into Gordevio are coming from outside Switzerland.
Religion.
From the , 632 or 79.2% were Roman Catholic, while 52 or 6.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 2 members of an Orthodox church (or about 0.25% of the population), and there was 1 individual who belongs to another Christian church. There was 1 individual who was Islamic. 80 (or about 10.03% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 30 individuals (or about 3.76% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Gordevio about 313 or (39.2%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 77 or (9.6%) have completed additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 77 who completed tertiary schooling, 55.8% were Swiss men, 37.7% were Swiss women. , there were 3 students in Gordevio who came from another village, while 105 residents attended schools outside the village.

</doc>
<doc id="6932433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932433" title="Neohemocyte">
Neohemocyte

Neohemocyte ("new blood cell") is the name given by its University of California at San Francisco creators to artificial red blood cells. These cells are created by packing natural hemoglobin molecules in fat bubbles made from phospholipids and cholesterol, resulting in cells roughly one-twelfth the size of human erythrocytes. They provide an advantage over real blood cells in their longer storage capacity (about six months versus 35 days).
The oxygen-carrying contents of the neohemocyte may theoretically be artificial hemoglobin, although no such technique is currently available.

</doc>
<doc id="6932460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932460" title="Aime Jacquet">
Aime Jacquet



</doc>
<doc id="6932462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932462" title="Bergen Basin">
Bergen Basin

Bergen Basin is a tributary inlet to Jamaica Bay in Queens, New York, at the northern extremity of Grassy Bay, along the western boundary of John F. Kennedy International Airport. The airport was built on the marshes of Jamaica Bay surrounding Bergen Basin in 1942. Bergen Basin was previously known as Bergen's Landing Aqueduct or Bergen Creek.
Originally Bergen Basin had been fed by a stream that emerged from the ground near 131st Street at Conduit Avenue. Bergen Basin is about 300 to 350 feet wide along its entire length and under 20 feet deep at mean low water. The Jamaica Water Pollution Control Facility discharges into Bergen Basin. The Interstate Sanitation Commission (ISC) reports that it discharges an average of 82.8 million gallons per day of secondary treated wastewater. It is classified as an estuarine subtidal open waters permanently flooded by tidal water. The entrance is marked by buoys. Conspicuous are a yellow brick circular tank about 40' high on the SW side of the entrance, and the numerous oil storage tanks at the head of the basin on the east shore. Coastal tankers and sand-and-gravel barge tows account for most of the commerce in the basin.
"In 1963, when alterations were being made to the sewage works, all the plant effluent was discharged to the basin for 2 weeks; at this time the influent sewage was septic, having been stored in the intercepting sewers for some months while the alterations were in progress, and this caused severe pollution to the basin with very strong evolution of hydrogen sulphide. In an attempt to improve conditions, bulk sodium nitrate was added to the basin to create aerobic conditions in the bottom deposits and sodium hypochlorite solution was also added to oxidize the hydrogen sulphide in the water." In 1964, a rank smell came from Bergen Basin and was smelled by residents of Howard Beach and South Ozone Park. The Department of Public Works said the smell was caused by a two-foot deposit of sediment at the bottom of the basin. The basin was dredged to remedy the situation.
In January 1988, a sunken wreck was reported in the eastern arm of the basin.

</doc>
<doc id="6932463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932463" title="Baška, Košice-okolie District">
Baška, Košice-okolie District

Baška (1247 "Terra Pousa, Bosk", "Bayan", 1399 "Bosk, Bask", 1427 "Baask", 1612 "Bosko, Boska") (; ) is a village and municipality in the Košice-okolie District of the Kosice Region in eastern Slovakia.
Etymology.
The name comes from the Slavic personal name "Božk", "Božek" or "Božka" (derived from "bog": god), the older theory proposed by Ján Stanislav is also "Bašek".
History.
The village was first mentioned in 1247. During this period, it belonged to the Abov (Abó) family local branch. In 1427 it belonged to the Frank family of Šemša. In 1447 the village was bought by Captain Peter from Spiš county. In 1580 it became a part of the town of Myslava, and during this period the exploitation of local wood began. From 1939 to 1944 it became part of Hungary again.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 350 metres and covers an area of 4.502 km².
It has a population of about 325 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive in Košice ().

</doc>
<doc id="6932464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932464" title="GQ (a.k.a. Gregory J.Qaiyum)">
GQ (a.k.a. Gregory J.Qaiyum)



</doc>
<doc id="6932466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932466" title="San Benito Creek">
San Benito Creek



</doc>
<doc id="6932468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932468" title="Benoit Cheyrou">
Benoit Cheyrou



</doc>
<doc id="6932470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932470" title="Edouard Cisse">
Edouard Cisse



</doc>
<doc id="6932471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932471" title="Help Desk">
Help Desk



</doc>
<doc id="6932475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932475" title="Joel Bats">
Joel Bats



</doc>
<doc id="6932480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932480" title="Johnny Molby">
Johnny Molby



</doc>
<doc id="6932481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932481" title="Bill Redmond">
Bill Redmond

William Thomas Redmond (born January 28, 1954) is an American politician and minister who served as a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from New Mexico. He is the only Republican to represent this district.
Early life and education.
Redmond was born in Chicago. He graduated from Lincoln Christian College in 1979 and was ordained as an independent Christian Church minister. Prior to attending Lincoln Christian College and Seminary, Redmond attended Murray State University, where he majored in Political Science and Accounting. In 1988 Redmond Graduated with a Masters of Divinity (MDiv.) in Theology and Philosophy from Lincoln Christian Seminary then moved to New Mexico.
Career.
He served in the United States Army Reserve from 1985 until 1993 as part of an Army chaplain candidate program. Redmond was a minister for the Santa Fe Christian Church and worked as a teacher at University of New Mexico–Los Alamos.
United States Representative and Senate campaign.
He ran for Congress in 1996 and was defeated by the district's longtime Democratic incumbent, Bill Richardson. Three months later, Richardson resigned to become United States Ambassador to the United Nations. Redmond was a candidate in the special election for the balance of Richardson's term. He was initially considered an underdog, but won by 3,017 votes. Green Party candidate Carol Miller took 17% of the vote, running as a more progressive alternative to Democrat Eric Serna. Miller's surprisingly strong campaign may have benefited Redmond by attracting potential Serna voters. Miller received 17,101 votes, vastly exceeding the 3,017 vote margin Redmond held over Serna.
Despite representing a Democratic district, Redmond had a solidly-conservative voting record. He ran for a full term in 1998 but lost to state Attorney General Tom Udall, 53% to 43%. Proving just how heavily-Democratic this district was, no Republican has made a serious bid for the 3rd since Redmond left Congress.
In October 1998, Democrats for Redmond described him as "truly an activist congressman" and "a man of integrity and a man who keeps his word". Reasons expressed for Democratic support for Redmond included "accomplishing more on the Land Grant issue in 16 months than any other elected official in 150 years" and introducing an amendment to the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act in order to bring justice to the affected uranium miners of New Mexico. He was also endorsed by the All Indian Pueblo Council for fighting for the rights of Native Americans.
He won the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate in 2000 and lost to democratic incumbent Jeff Bingaman by 138,227 votes

</doc>
<doc id="6932485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932485" title="Laszlo Kiss">
Laszlo Kiss



</doc>
<doc id="6932486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932486" title="Philip Fisher">
Philip Fisher

Philip Fisher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6932494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932494" title="Playtester">
Playtester



</doc>
<doc id="6932496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932496" title="William Thomas Redmond">
William Thomas Redmond



</doc>
<doc id="6932499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932499" title="Highbrow Entertainment">
Highbrow Entertainment



</doc>
<doc id="6932506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932506" title="Once Upon A Mattress">
Once Upon A Mattress



</doc>
<doc id="6932508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932508" title="Pacific Vortex!">
Pacific Vortex!



</doc>
<doc id="6932509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932509" title="Lars Hogh">
Lars Hogh



</doc>
<doc id="6932514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932514" title="Archaeology (magazine)">
Archaeology (magazine)

Archaeology is a bimonthly magazine for the general public, published by the Archaeological Institute of America. The institute also publishes the professional "American Journal of Archaeology." Its first issue was published in the spring of 1948. The editor-in-chief was Peter Young until 2011 when he was replaced by Claudia Valentino. Jarrett A. Lobell assumed the editorship from Valentino in November 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="6932516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932516" title="Red Bank Stakes">
Red Bank Stakes

The Red Bank Stakes is a Listed Stakes American Thoroughbred horse race for horses age three and older contested at a distance of one mile (8 furlongs) on turf held annually at Monmouth Park Racetrack in Oceanport, New Jersey.
History.
An earlier version of the Red Bank Stakes was run between 1882–93. In 1885 as a six-furlong race for two-year-olds. It was won by A. J. Cassatt's, The Bard.
The current rendition was inaugurated in 1974 as a stakes race on dirt for two-year-old fillies, in 1975 it was made open to fillies and mares. In 1980, the race was converted to a handicap event on turf which was open to horses age three and older. 
When conditions are too wet the on discretion has moved the event to the dirt track.
The Red Bank Handicap was run in two divisions in 1984 and 1985.
In 2021 the event was downgraded to a Listed event. 
Distance.
Since inception the race has been contested at various distances:
Records.
Speed record: (at current distance of 1 mile)
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Winners.
Legend:
Notes:
¶ Filly/Mare
† Run in Divisions 

</doc>
<doc id="6932520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932520" title="Luisao">
Luisao



</doc>
<doc id="6932524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932524" title="Luizao">
Luizao



</doc>
<doc id="6932525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932525" title="Richard Henderson (biologist)">
Richard Henderson (biologist)

Richard Henderson is a British molecular biologist and biophysicist and pioneer in the field of electron microscopy of biological molecules. Henderson shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2017 with Jacques Dubochet and Joachim Frank. "Thanks to his work, we can look at individual atoms of living nature, thanks to cryo-electron microscopes we can see details without destroying samples, and for this he won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry."
Education.
Henderson was educated at Newcastleton primary school, Hawick High School and Boroughmuir High School. His father was a baker. He went on to study Physics at the University of Edinburgh graduating with a BSc degree in Physics, 1st Class honours in 1966. He then commenced postgraduate study at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, and obtained his PhD degree from the University of Cambridge in 1969.
Career and research.
Research.
Henderson worked on the structure and mechanism of chymotrypsin for his doctorate under the supervision of David Mervyn Blow at the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology. His interest in membrane proteins led to him working on voltage-gated sodium channels as a post-doctoral researcher at Yale University. Returning to the MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology in 1975, Henderson worked with Nigel Unwin to study the structure of the membrane protein bacteriorhodopsin by electron microscopy. A seminal paper in "Nature" by Henderson and Unwin (1975) established a low resolution structural model for bacteriorhodopsin showing the protein to consist of seven transmembrane helices. This paper was important for a number of reasons, not the least of which was that it showed that membrane proteins had well defined structures and that transmembrane alpha-helices could occur. After 1975 Henderson continued to work on the structure of bacteriorhodopsin without Unwin. In 1990 Henderson published an atomic model of bacteriorhodopsin by electron crystallography in the "Journal of Molecular Biology". This model was the second ever atomic model of a membrane protein. The techniques Henderson developed for electron crystallography are still in use.
Together with Chris Tate, Henderson helped develop conformational thermostabilisation: a method that allows any protein to be made more stable while still holding a chosen conformation of interest. This method has been critical in crystallising and solving the structures of several G protein–coupled receptors (GPCRs). With help from the charity LifeArc, Henderson and Tate founded the MRC start-up company, Heptares Therapeutics Ltd (HTL) in 2007. HTL continues to develop new drugs targeting medically important GPCRs linked to a wide range of human diseases.
In the last few years, Henderson has returned to hands-on research focusing on single particle electron microscopy. Having been an early proponent of the idea that single particle electron microscopy is capable of determining atomic resolution models for proteins, explained in a 1995 paper in Quarterly Reviews of Biophysics. Henderson aims to be able to routinely obtain atomic structures without crystals. He has made seminal contributions to many of the approaches used in single particle electron microscopy, including pioneering the development of direct electron detectors that recently allowed single particle cryo-electron microscopy to achieve its goals.
Post-docs and PhD students.
Although Henderson has typically worked independently, he has trained a number of scientists who have gone on to independent research careers. These scientists include:
Other positions.
Henderson has worked at the Medical Research Council Laboratory of Molecular Biology (MRC LMB) in Cambridge since 1973, and was its director between 1996 and 2006. He was also a visiting professor at the Miller Institute of the University of California, Berkeley in Spring 1993. He is currently a mentor for the Academy of Medical Sciences Mentoring Scheme. Outside academia, he lists his interests as hill walking in Scotland, kayaking and drinking good wine.
Interviews.
He was interviewed by Jim Al-Khalili for "The Life Scientific", first broadcast on BBC Radio 4 in February 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="6932526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932526" title="SR 267 (VA)">
SR 267 (VA)



</doc>
<doc id="6932527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932527" title="US 29 (DC)">
US 29 (DC)



</doc>
<doc id="6932529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932529" title="Orson Hodge">
Orson Hodge

Orson Hodge is a fictional character on the ABC television series "Desperate Housewives". The character is played by Kyle MacLachlan. Orson is introduced in the final episodes of the second season of the series, and becomes the main mystery of the third season. MacLachlan left the main cast in season 6, but made guest appearances until the eighth and final season.
Development and casting.
The character of Orson Hodge was planned as a romantic interest for Susan Mayer (Teri Hatcher), according to executive producer Tom Spezialy, until Cherry decided to pair Orson with Bree Van de Kamp (Marcia Cross). For the third season's mystery, series creator Marc Cherry wanted to incorporate more of the series' regular characters rather than bringing in various new ones, as they had done in the second season with Betty Applewhite (Alfre Woodard) and her family. They developed the Orson plot line around the "idea that one of our women marries a guy who has dark secrets and possibly a violent streak." Cherry opined: "I thought there was something exciting about that, but real and relatable." Greenstein commented that the writers worked backwards from the second season's cliffhangers to develop the Orson storyline, forsaking the original material that had been developed earlier. The cast responded positively to the new material for the season.
When Orson was introduced toward the end of the second season, he was to be a con artist. A character portrayed by Julie White appeared in the second-season finale and would have been Orson's accomplice, but the entire storyline was discarded in favor of the mysterious disappearance of Orson's wife and White's character was not seen or mentioned again. MacLachlan commented that his character is "desperate to make this relationship with Bree work. Anything that tries to knock that apart becomes a threat." Cherry called Orson Bree's perfect match, but added that their similarities "will ultimately prove to be the downfall of the relationship."
Storylines.
Backstory.
Orson Hodge was born on June 28, 1964. He grew up in a very religious household. When he was sixteen, his father Edwin had an affair. When the truth came out, it caused a scandal at their church and he became an alcoholic. He thought as a child that his father committed suicide, but he realizes as an adult that his mother Gloria killed him. Gloria convinced Orson to spend time at a mental hospital in Connecticut for clinical depression, as she blamed him for his father's death. He later became a dentist.
Orson married his girlfriend, Alma, when she got pregnant. Alma miscarried, and Orson had an affair with French flight attendant Monique Polier instead. Gloria murdered Monique.
Reception.
The mystery storyline of Orson in the third season received mixed reviews. Dave Anderson of "TV Guide" called the season premiere first-rate, while praising the comedic Bree storyline and declaring the set-up for the Orson mystery storyline ingenious. Andy Dehnart of MSNBC cited Orson's storyline as a welcomed change from the slow-moving Applewhite mystery arc. On negative reviews, "TV Guide" writer Matt Roush unfavorably compared the Orson character to Bree's former love interest, George Williams (Roger Bart), while Lindsay Soll of "Entertainment Weekly" simply labelled Orson's storyline as "confusing".

</doc>
<doc id="6932530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932530" title="Mehmet Akgun">
Mehmet Akgun



</doc>
<doc id="6932531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932531" title="List of world super-bantamweight boxing champions">
List of world super-bantamweight boxing champions

This is a list of world super-bantamweight boxing champions, as recognized by the four major sanctioning organizations in boxing:

</doc>
<doc id="6932533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932533" title="Excuse all the blood">
Excuse all the blood



</doc>
<doc id="6932534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932534" title="Budimír">
Budimír

Budimír () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
Historically, the village was first mentioned in 1289.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 350 metres and covers an area of 4.502 km2.
It has a population of about 1 084 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6932536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932536" title="Nestor Clausen">
Nestor Clausen



</doc>
<doc id="6932537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932537" title="Al-Rai Al-Aam">
Al-Rai Al-Aam

Al-Rayaam (also transliterated as Al-Rae Al-Aam, Al-Rai Al-Aam, and Al-Ra'y al-Amm) ( meaning "Public Opinion") is the oldest newspaper in Sudan. It was founded on March 15, 1945, by Ismail Al Atabani. As of 2011, it had a daily circulation of about 18,000. 
It is an Islamist paper and had strong links to the government of Omar al-Bashir, but also employed columnists who were anti-government.

</doc>
<doc id="6932541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932541" title="Soren Andersen">
Soren Andersen



</doc>
<doc id="6932544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932544" title="Soren Berg">
Soren Berg



</doc>
<doc id="6932548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932548" title="Wallgettosuchus">
Wallgettosuchus



</doc>
<doc id="6932549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932549" title="Der Alchemist Franz Tausend">
Der Alchemist Franz Tausend



</doc>
<doc id="6932554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932554" title="Silverio Pérez (bullfighter)">
Silverio Pérez (bullfighter)

Silverio Pérez (20 June 1915 – 2 September 2006) was a Mexican matador whose nickname was "The Pharaoh".
Life.
Pérez began his career in 1931, after his brother, Carmelo Pérez, was gored during a bullfight in Mexico by a bull named "Michin" from the ganaderia San Diego de los Padres He died weeks later in Spain as a consequence of that wound.
Pérez died at his ranch in Pentecostes, east of Mexico City, of pneumonia.

</doc>
<doc id="6932563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932563" title="True Love (short story)">
True Love (short story)

"True Love" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. It was first published in the February 1977 issue of "American Way" magazine and reprinted in the collections "The Complete Robot" (1982) and "Robot Dreams" (1986).
In his autobiography "In Joy Still Felt", the author states that "American Way" had requested a Valentine's Day story from him for its February 1977 issue, and that he wrote the story to console himself after the departure of his daughter following a visit during the 1976 Thanksgiving weekend.
Plot summary.
Milton Davidson is trying to find his ideal partner. To do this, he prepares a special computer program to run on Multivac, which he calls Joe, which has access to databases covering the entire populace of the world. He hopes that Joe will find him his ideal match, based on physical parameters as supplied.
Milton arranges to have the shortlisted candidates assigned to work with him for short periods, but realises that looks alone are not enough to find an ideal match. In order to correlate personalities, he speaks at great length to Joe, gradually filling Joe's databanks with information about his personality.
In doing so, Joe develops the personality of Milton. Upon finding an ideal match, he arranges to have Milton arrested for malfeasance, so that Joe can 'have the girl' for himself.

</doc>
<doc id="6932566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932566" title="Kerala Varma">
Kerala Varma

The name Kerala Varma may refer to many people from many royal families from the Indian state of Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="6932569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932569" title="Toya-ko">
Toya-ko



</doc>
<doc id="6932579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932579" title="God This Hurts">
God This Hurts



</doc>
<doc id="6932580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932580" title="Chlorophyllin">
Chlorophyllin

Chlorophyllin refers to any one of a group of closely related water-soluble salts that are semi-synthetic derivatives of chlorophyll, differing in the identity of the cations associated with the anion. Its most common form is a sodium/copper derivative used as a food additive and in alternative medicine. As a food coloring agent, copper complex chlorophyllin is known as natural green 3 and has the E number E141.
Uses.
Alternative medicine.
Chlorophyllin is the active ingredient in a number of internally taken preparations intended to reduce odors associated with incontinence, colostomies, and similar procedures, as well as body odor in general. Also in recent years it has been used as a home remedy to treat acne and skin conditions such as pimples or blackheads, thanks to its antimicrobial effect. It is also available as a topical preparation, purportedly useful for both treatment and odor control of wounds, injuries, radiation burns, and other skin conditions. The origins of these unsubstantiated medical claims were findings from research by F. Howard Westcott in the 1940s that it was an odor blocker. The commercial value of this attribute in advertising led to many companies creating brands containing the compound in 1950–1953 in particular. It was used as a marketing tool to promote toothpaste, sanitary towels, soap and other products. However, it was soon determined that the hype surrounding chlorophyll or chlorophyllin was not warranted and the underlying research may even have been a hoax. As a result, brands rapidly discontinued its use. In the 2020s, it again became the subject of unsubstantiated medical claims, as social media influencers promoted its use in the form of "chlorophyll water", for example.
3D printing.
Chlorophyllin has been used as a biocompatible photoblocker for generating green colored hydrogels with complex inner structures.
Chemical properties.
Chlorophyllin is water-soluble. "In vitro", it binds to some environmental mutagens such as the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons benzo["a"]pyrene and dibenzo["a","i"]pyrene. Chlorophyllin also binds to acridine orange.
Biological properties.
Chlorophyllin has been validated to exhibit ameliorative effects against food additive induced genotoxicity (elevating the expression of DNA repair proteins p53 and PARP) and mitochondrial dysfunction and may be used as a therapeutic tool for the management of diseases like diabetes and cancer. It has shown to modulate several protein functions including the expression of cytokine proteins NFkβ and IFNγ.

</doc>
<doc id="6932582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932582" title="Graduation ceremony">
Graduation ceremony



</doc>
<doc id="6932589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932589" title="Joan Corominas">
Joan Corominas



</doc>
<doc id="6932595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932595" title="Stilyan Petrov">
Stilyan Petrov



</doc>
<doc id="6932596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932596" title="Harry S. Ashmore">
Harry S. Ashmore



</doc>
<doc id="6932598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932598" title="Budimir">
Budimir

Budimir (, Polish language : Budzimir) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6932599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932599" title="Thomas Haliburton">
Thomas Haliburton



</doc>
<doc id="6932600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932600" title="Stoneman's Disease">
Stoneman's Disease



</doc>
<doc id="6932603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932603" title="Prix du Muguet">
Prix du Muguet

The Prix du Muguet is a Group 2 flat horse race in France open to thoroughbreds aged four years or older. It is run over a distance of 1,600 metres (about 1 mile) at Saint-Cloud in early May.
History.
The event is traditionally held at Saint-Cloud on 1 May, the French public holiday of Fête du Travail and Fête du Muguet. It is named after Muguet, the French word for the spring-flowering plant Lily of the Valley.
The Prix du Muguet was formerly a 2,000-metre race restricted to three-year-olds. The present version, a 1,600-metre race for older horses, was introduced in 1967. It was contested over 2,000 metres at Longchamp in 1968.
The race was not run in 1971, and it resumed with Group 3 status in 1972. It was absent again in 1974, and for a period thereafter it was sometimes staged at Longchamp (1976–77, 1982–83 and 1985).
The Prix du Muguet was promoted to Group 2 level in 1995.
Records.
Most successful horse (3 wins):
Leading jockey (4 wins):
Leading trainer (12 wins):
Leading owner (5 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="6932609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932609" title="Thomas Mboya">
Thomas Mboya



</doc>
<doc id="6932616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932616" title="Banatska Palanka">
Banatska Palanka

 
Banatska Palanka () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Bela Crkva municipality, South Banat District, Vojvodina province. The population of the village is 837 (2002 census), of whom 752 (89.84%) are ethnic Serbs.
Name.
In Serbian the village is known as "Banatska Palanka" (; Банатска Паланка); in German as "Palank" or "Neu-Palanka"; in Hungarian as "Palánk"; and in Turkish as "Haram".
Geography.
Banatska Palanka is located in south-eastern part of the Serbian Banat, near the border with Romania. West of the village are the Danube's island Čibuklija and the special nature reserve and a Ramsar site Labudovo okno.
The region is known for the powerful košava wind. As the košava exits from the Danube's Iron Gates Gorge, it becomes much stronger in the wide lowlands of the Banat and Stig regions. Here the wind splits in two direction, one to Belgrade on the west and one, which is the strongest, to Vršac on the north.
Stara Palanka.
There are in fact two settlements in this area - Banatska Palanka and Stara Palanka ("Old Palanka"). Stara Palanka is not officially regarded as a separate settlement, but as part of Banatska Palanka. The hamlet is located south of Banatska Palanka, on the Danube's left bank, stretching between the mouths of its two tributaries: Nera on the east, and channeled Karaš (part of the Danube–Tisa–Danube Canal), on the west. The Romanian border is just to the east. Right across the Danube are the medieval Ram Fortress and the village of Ram, to which Stara Palanka is connected by the ferry.
The hamlet is small, consisting of one street ("Dunavska") and a total of 11 houses of which 5 were inhabited, as of April 2018. There are some additional 80 summer houses, mostly built by the townsfolk from Vršac. Still, there are 5 fish restaurants. The river is rich in sterlet, common carp, common bream and zander. In the early 2000s a project of building a marina in Stara Palanka was developed, but as of 2018 it hasn't been built.
History.
Banatska Palanka is an old settlement, existing at this spot since the 17th century, although the oldest settlement was on the place of today's Stara Palanka. Archaeological findings show that Stara Palanka was inhabited at least since the 1st century BC.
At the beginning of the 19th century Banatska Palanka was an important Danube port. The settlement has a continuous decrease of population. By the latest census from 2011, Banatska Palanka, together with Stara Palanka, had 682 inhabitants.
Before World War II it was officially called just Palanka.
Economy and features.
The economy of Banatska Palanka is mostly agricultural, although not exclusively. The entirety of Stara Palanka is designated for social recreation centres (including hotels, resorts, restaurants, sport playgrounds, performance venues, etc.) as well as for flats and vacation homes.
Banatska Palanka lies on the route between Bela Crkva-Kovin and Stara Palanka-Ram. It also possesses a ferry-boat, which is the shortest way of traveling from this part of Vojvodina to Požarevac and Central Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="6932622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932622" title="Anthias">
Anthias



</doc>
<doc id="6932624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932624" title="The Big Match">
The Big Match

The Big Match was a British football television programme, screened on ITV between 1968 and 1992.
"The Big Match" originally launched on London Weekend Television (LWT) – the ITV regional station that served London and the Home Counties at weekends – screening highlights of Football League matches. Other ITV regions had their own shows, but would show "The Big Match" if they were not covering their own match – particularly often in the case of Southern and HTV. The programme was set up in part as a response to the increased demand for televised football following the 1966 FIFA World Cup and partly as an alternative to the BBC's own football programme, "Match of the Day". "The Big Match" launched the media career of Jimmy Hill, who appeared on the programme as an analyst, and made Brian Moore one of the country's leading football commentators.
The programme was launched soon after London Weekend Television took over the ITV weekend franchise for London from ATV, which had previously shown local football highlights under the name Star Soccer. Co-presenter Jimmy Hill was also Head of Sport at LWT.
"The Big Match" originally screened match highlights on Sunday afternoons while "Match of the Day" screened them on Saturday evenings. But in 1978, Michael Grade at London Weekend Television audaciously won exclusive rights to all league football coverage for ITV in a move termed "Snatch of the Day". Although the Office of Fair Trading blocked the move, the BBC was forced to allow ITV to take over the Saturday night slot in alternating seasons. This new arrangement began with the 1980–81 season.
"The Big Match" theme tunes.
"The Big Match" had no fewer than six theme tunes during its run:
Note: Aztec Gold was previously used as the theme to ITV's coverage of the 1986 World Cup, and later from 1988 until 1992 as the theme tune to "Saint and Greavsie".
Live era.
ITV's regional-based coverage of football ended in 1983, with "The Big Match" becoming the sole football highlights programme on ITV. That same year, the first live league match since 1960 was shown, a First Division game on Sunday 2 October between Tottenham Hotspur and Nottingham Forest which Tottenham won 2–1. ITV's football coverage continued and expanded throughout the 1980s, particularly after ITV won exclusive league rights in 1988, after which "The Big Match" was renamed simply "The Match".
"The Match".
Between 1988 and 1992, the programme's main presenter was Elton Welsby, with Jim Rosenthal sometimes acting as a touchline reporter and interviewer. Former presenter Brian Moore was often the main match commentator, and on other occasions it was Alan Parry. The first live game under that title was on 30 October 1988 when Everton and Manchester United drew 1–1. Much of the coverage focused on the destiny of the First Division title, most memorably on 26 May 1989 when Arsenal's decisive 2–0 win at Liverpool won them the championship by the narrowest of margins at their opponents' expense.
ITV lost rights to the new Premier League to British Sky Broadcasting and the BBC in 1992, and the final top-flight match shown live being Liverpool's 2–0 win over Manchester United on 26 April 1992, a result that sealed the title for Leeds United, who won 3–2 at Sheffield United earlier the same day.
From the start of the 1992/93 season, Welsby left ITV Sport to work for Granada Television full-time and was replaced as presenter by Ian St John. "The Match" was given another new theme tune, "You Are The Number One" by Union, a theme also used for ITV's coverage of the 1992 European Championship. With the loss of the top flight to Sky Sports and the BBC, "The Match" focused on the League Cup, the UEFA Cup, the Cup Winners' Cup and international matches, and was shown as and when ITV had the rights to the various matches (the rights to European matches were sold on a club-by-club basis in those days, with the exception of the UEFA Champions League).
ITV retained the rights to what was left of the Football League, but coverage was mainly shown on a regional basis. Many regions showed live matches on Sunday afternoons, and in many cases the programmes carried "The Match" branding, depending on the region:
"The Central Match", 
"The Granada Match",
"The West Match",
"The Meridian Match",
"The London Match" (which became "The Sunday Match" from 1993/94),
"The Tyne Tees Match" (which became "The North East Match"),
"Soccer Sunday" (originally a name used by HTV Wales, though some years later it was adopted by many other regions).
"The Central Match", "The London Match" and HTV Wales's "Soccer Sunday" all used "You Are The Number One" as their theme, and other regions may have done as well.
"The Match" underwent radical rebranding from the summer of 1993 onward, as Central and Grand Slam Productions took over the production contract from LWT. Matthew Lorenzo became the programme's main presenter, with Jim Rosenthal often hosting highlights programmes. The black and red branding, which had been in place since 1990, was replaced with a blue and silver theme. Many long-serving pundits left the programme, including Ian St John and Jimmy Greaves – though both remained involved with ITV's regional football coverage, and St John returned as a co-commentator for networked coverage from 1996.
Bob Wilson replaced Lorenzo as host from the start of the 1994/95 season, and from the start of the 1995/96 season, the programme got a new instrumental theme. From 1996/97, an instrumental version of the hymn "Jerusalem" was used, having been used during ITV's coverage of Euro '96. "The Match" reverted to "The Big Match" name from the start of 1998 and remained in use until 2001 (see below).
Modern era.
ITV did gain coverage of the new UEFA Champions League, but all programmes covering that competition went out under the "UEFA Champions League" title. Through the 1990s ITV covered highlights of the League Cup, and between 1997 and 2001 had the rights to show the FA Cup, both as highlights and live; from the start of FA Cup coverage at the beginning of 1998, ITV revived the name "The Big Match" for its football coverage. However, when ITV won back English top-flight football highlights in 2001, the new programme was simply called "The Premiership".
In 2021, ITV won back the secondary rights to the FA Cup from BT Sport, however "The Big Match" branding was not used on air.
"The Big Match Revisited".
On 7 February 2008, ITV4 began showing old editions of "The Big Match" in its various regional and national forms on a Thursday afternoon, hoping to cash in on the sports TV nostalgia revival headed by the ESPN Classic channel. Each edition was from the same week 25 years earlier. The first series of "The Big Match Revisited" ran until 15 May 2008, coinciding with the end of the 1982–83 season. The programme mainly featured London Weekend Television's "The Big Match" but occasionally aired programmes from Granada Television ("Match Time") and Television South ("The Saturday Match").
The second series began on ITV4 on 1 January 2009 and it covered the second half of the 1978–79 season. The first episode broadcast was Granada's coverage of West Bromwich Albion's 5–3 win at Manchester United on 30 December 1978. The series ran until May, concluding with the 1979 FA Cup Final. A mixture of "The Big Match" and "Kick Off Match" episodes were broadcast during the series.
A third series began on BT Sport 2 on 10 July 2017, which covered the 1976–77 season, and was immediately followed by series 4, which covered the 1974–75 season. These two series were not shown on ITV4 until 2020.
Series 5, covering the 1979–80 season made its debut on ITV4 20 February 2021. All episodes were from "The Big Match". Season 6, which follows on with the 1980–81 season aired from 14 August 2021.
Following the success of 'The Big Match Revisited', ITV commissioned 'Matchtime Revisted' which followed the same format, but using episodes of the Granada Television regional show 'Match Time', presented by Elton Welsby. The first series began on ITV4 on 26 February 2022, and featured the 1981–82 season.
A seventh season of "The Big Match Revisited" was commissioned in 2023, and aired on ITV4 from April 2023. At 34 episodes it was the longest series to date, covering the 1977–78 season, while Series 8, looking at the 1984–85 season, started in December 2024.
Series 9, featuring 1975-76, will be broadcast from May 2025.
In the 1990s, a similar show called "The Big Match Replayed" was shown late at night on ITV, repeating various editions of "The Big Match" from the 1970s.
"The Big Match" on DVD.
In April 2009 a series of "Big Match" titles were released on DVD for clubs including Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur. Editions due to be released for Liverpool and Arsenal, entitled "Match of the 70's", while containing "Big Match" content, was unable to be released under the name due to contractual issues.
May 2009 saw the release of further DVDs in the range, including "Big Match" releases for West Ham United, Newcastle United, Chelsea.
Later editions in the series include discs centered on Everton, Manchester City, Aston Villa, Wolves, Sunderland A.F.C., two volumes of QPR and Leeds United matches and the England national team.
As well as selected match highlights, the bonus content includes much additional footage including the Fun Spot. Viewers' Letters, and the surreal sight of Kevin Keegan, Mick Channon and Elton John presenting the show in December 1976. Other highlights include clips of Peter Taylor talking about his ill-fated book on Brian Clough (which led to their split), a 38-year-old Martin Peters, Brazil 1970 and a clip of a 21-year-old Diego Maradona.

</doc>
<doc id="6932627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932627" title="Jack and His Golden Snuff-Box">
Jack and His Golden Snuff-Box

Jack and His Golden Snuff-Box is a Romani fairy tale collected by Joseph Jacobs in "English Fairy Tales". He listed as his source Francis Hindes Groome's "In Gypsy Tents".
Ruth Manning-Sanders included it in "".
Plot.
Jack lived with his parents in the forest, never seeing anyone else. He decided to leave one day, and his mother offered him a big cake with her curse or a little one with her blessing. He took the big one. He met his father on the way, and his father gave him a golden snuff-box, to open only when he was in danger of death.
He came to a house and asked for some food and a place to stay. The servant told the master, who asked him what he could do; he said, anything, meaning any bit of work about the house, but the master demanded a great lake and a man-of-war on it, ready to fire a salute, or Jack would forfeit his life. Jack opened the snuff-box, and three little red men hopped out. He told them what was needed, and they told him to go to sleep. In the morning, there was a lake and a man-of-war.
The master said that with two more tasks, he could marry his daughter. He felled all the trees about, and built the master a castle with a regiment, and married the daughter.
One day, as they went on a hunt, a valet found the snuff-box and with it carried the castle and himself over the sea. The master threatened to take Jack's wife from him, but agreed that Jack should have a year and a day to bring it back. He set out and met the King of the Mice, who summoned all the mice in the world. When none of them had seen it, he sent Jack on to the King of the Frogs, giving him a new horse. A little mouse asked to come with him, Jack tried to refuse on the grounds of offending the king, but the mouse told him it would be better. The King of the Frogs summoned all the frogs in the world. When none of them had seen it, he sent Jack on to the King of the Birds. A little frog asked to come with him, and again Jack was persuaded. The King of the Birds summoned all the birds, and last of all, an eagle came, and told of the castle. The eagle carried him to it, and the mouse stole the box back. They quarreled as they went back, and the box fell into the sea, but the frog retrieved it.
When he returned to the King of the Birds, he had the little men retrieve the castle. The men waited until everyone there but a cook and a maid had left for a dance; then they asked them whether they would rather go or stay, and when they said go, told them to run into the castle. Then Jack had them carry it to the King of the Frogs, and then next day to the King of the Mice, where he left it and rode home on his horse. There, he had the little men bring him the castle, and his wife showed him his new son.
Commentary.
The offer of a big cake or a little is common in British fairy tales —"The Red Ettin", "The Girl and the Dead Man", "The Adventures of Covan the Brown-haired", and "The King Of Lochlin's Three Daughters"—but this tale is unique in that the big cake is not claimed by the hero's older brothers, but by the hero himself. Even in "Jack and his Comrades", where the hero is the only one offered it, he prefers the smaller cake and the blessing. The traditional bannocks (breads) of the Gaelic regions held a ritual role in the marking of the seasons.
Parts of the tale also echo some parts of the Aladdin story: the hero winning a bride due to the genie/little men magically creating a palace/castle, and the lamp/snuffbox being stolen and recovered.

</doc>
<doc id="6932630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932630" title="World's Fair Marina">
World's Fair Marina

The World's Fair Marina is a public marina in Flushing Bay, Queens, New York. It is located at the northern edge of Flushing Meadows–Corona Park, next to a long stretch of promenade around Flushing Bay, and near LaGuardia Airport and Citi Field. It is operated by the Marine Division of the Department of Parks and Recreation.
Overview.
The marina has over 250 slips for vessels up to in length, a boat and kayak launch, and a ferry landing. The ferry landing is currently used by SeaStreak, which provides service to Highlands, New Jersey for selected New York Mets games. Several party and event boats operate cruises from the marina. A free ferry operated by New York Water Taxi provides service between Pier 11/Wall Street and the East 34th Street Ferry Landing in Manhattan and the World's Fair Marina, for the US Open and before Mets games.
The parking lot is next to the Grand Central Parkway. The marina's administration building constructed for the 1964 World's Fair now houses the New York City Department of Parks &amp; Recreation Marine Division office and the World's Fair Marina Restaurant &amp; Banquet Hall.
History.
A boat basin was constructed for the 1939 New York World's Fair. Robert Moses had the marina redesigned and expanded to accommodate 800 boats for the 1964 New York World's Fair, which was held in the same location.
Ferry service to baseball games began in 1989 with American Skimmer providing service between Pier 11/Wall Street and the East 34th Street Ferry Landing in Manhattan. NY Waterway later began operating a similar ferry service in 1998.
The Parks Department has run the marina since 1999. Previously, it had been run by a private concessionaire.

</doc>
<doc id="6932634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932634" title="Gregori Aminoff Prize">
Gregori Aminoff Prize

The Gregori Aminoff Prize is an international prize awarded since 1979 by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in the field of crystallography, rewarding "a documented, individual contribution in the field of crystallography, including areas concerned with the dynamics of the formation and dissolution of crystal structures. Some preference should be shown for work evincing elegance in the approach to the problem."
The prize, which is named in memory of the Swedish scientist and artist Gregori Aminoff (1883–1947), Professor of Mineralogy at the Swedish Museum of Natural History from 1923, was endowed through a bequest by his widow Birgit Broomé-Aminoff. The prize can be shared by several winners. It is considered the Nobel prize for crystallography.
Recipients of the Prize.
Source: Royal Swedish Academy of Science
References.
Notes.
A. The form and spelling of the names in the name column is according to www.kva.se, the official website of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. Alternative spellings and name forms, where they exist, are given at the articles linked from this column.
B. The information in the country column is according to www.kva.se, the official website of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. This information may not necessarily reflect the recipient's birthplace or citizenship.
C. The information in the institution column is according to www.kva.se, the official website of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. This information may not necessarily reflect the recipient's current institution.
D. The citation for each award is quoted (not always in full) www.kva.se, the official website of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. The links in this column are to articles (or sections of articles) on the history and areas of physics for which the awards were presented. The links are intended only as a guide and explanation. For a full account of the work done by each prize winner, please see the biography articles linked from the name column.

</doc>
<doc id="6932645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932645" title="Madhupal">
Madhupal

Madhupal Kannambathu is an Indian actor, director, and screenwriter who works in Malayalam cinema. Madhupal made his acting debut with "Kashmeeram" in 1994 and his directorial debut with "Thalappavu" (2008), which was about Arikkad Varghese and won several awards in 2008.
Biography.
Madhupal is a native of Kozhikode and took post graduation in commerce. His association with cinema dates back to when he was a child in Palakkad. His father, Chengalath Madhava Menon, ran a movie theatre. Madhupal is also a short story writer in Malayalam. He has acted in more than 90 films in Malayalam, Tamil, English and Hindi, including lead roles. His short stories have been translated into English, Hindi, and Tamil, and have appeared in publications like "Mathrubhumi", "Madhyamam", and "Bhashaposhini" magazines. He started his career in film as an assistant director to eminent film makers like Bharath Gopi and Rajiv Anchal. Madhupal assisted Rajiv Anchal in "Butterflies", "Kashmeeram", "Guru" (which won national awards and was the only entry to the Academy Awards from India in the year 1997), "Made in USA" (which had R. Madhavan in the lead), "Nothing But Life" (English, shot in Las Vegas) and the eminent actor Bharath Gopi in the film "Yamanam" (which won a National Award in 1991). He turned actor in "Kashmeeram". It was a negative role and more of such roles came his way after that. He won the Critic's Award for Best Debutante Actor for his role in the film "Kashmeeram" and the Second Best Actor for his role of Hari in the series on "MT Kathakal", called "Kazhcha", telecast on Amritha TV. He assisted Jude Attipetty in the direction of "Shararandal", a 13-part serial, written by National Award-winning writer P. F. Mathews. He also wrote the screenplay and dialogue for the Malayalam movie "Bharatheeyam", which was released in 1997. Films he has acted in include "Kashmeeram" (1994), "Soosanna", "Agnisakshi", "Guru", "Made in USA", "Rishivamsam", "Vardhakyapuraanam", "Ravanaprabhu", "Twenty-Twenty", "Freekick" (Hindi), "Nothing but Life" (English), and "Oru naal Oru Kanavu" (Tamil). His first directorial venture was for television ("Akaasaththile Paravakal", telecast on Kairali Channel). "Thalappavu" was his big screen directorial debut; the film received the Kerala State Best Debutante Director Award and various other awards. Madhupal has ventured more and more into the world of letters and has published seven collections of short stories. He became engaged in several projects to help those affected by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake; he is associated with Santhigiri Ashram, Thiruvananthapuram as Assistant General Convener Advisory Committee. He is a former Member of Kerala Chalachithra Academy (the organizers of IFFK), Member of Kerala Folklore Academy (Kerala state Govt. organisation) and Kerala Children's Film Society (Kerala state government organisation). His second film, "Ozhimuri" ("A Document of Separation"), was selected for Indian Panorama 2012 and the International Film Festival of Kerala 2012. "Ozhimuri" won the Kerala State Second Best Movie Award.
Madhupal is a member of the board of directors of the Kerala State Film Development Corporation (KSFDC).
Now Madhupal is appointed as the Chairman of The Kerala State Cultural Activists Welfare Fund Board
Personal life.
Madhupal is married to Rekha. He has two daughters, Madhavi and Meenakshi. His father, Chengalath Madhava Menon, was from Kannur, and his mother, Kannambath Rugmani Amma, is a native of Kozhikode. He is the eldest child of his parents, followed by three brothers and a sister. He now lives in Thiruvananthapuram with his family.
Other works.
He acts as a judge on the popular reality show "Yuvatharam", telecast on Jaihind TV.

</doc>
<doc id="6932649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932649" title="Hrašovík">
Hrašovík

Hrašovík () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
Historically, the village was first mentioned in 1270.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 215 metres and covers an area of 2.05 km2.
It has a population of 300 people.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6932651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932651" title="Yhoshua Ben Nun">
Yhoshua Ben Nun



</doc>
<doc id="6932652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932652" title="In the Year of the Pig">
In the Year of the Pig

In the Year of the Pig is an American documentary film directed by Emile de Antonio about American involvement in the Vietnam War. It was released in 1968 while the U.S. was in the middle of its military engagement, and was politically controversial. One year later, the film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. In 1990, Jonathan Rosenbaum characterized the film as "the first and best of the major documentaries about Vietnam".
Summary.
The film, which is in black and white, contains much historical footage and many interviews. Those interviewed include Harry Ashmore, Daniel Berrigan, Philippe Devillers, David Halberstam, Roger Hilsman, Jean Lacouture, Kenneth P. Landon, Thruston B. Morton, Paul Mus, Charlton Osburn, Harrison Salisbury, Ilya Todd, John Toller, David K. Tuck, David Wurfel and John White.
Produced during the Vietnam War, the film was greeted with hostility by many audiences, with bomb threats and vandalism directed at theaters that showed it. When confronted with the charge that "In the Year of the Pig" had a leftist perspective, de Antonio conceded the point, replying: “Only God is objective, and he doesn’t make films.”
Home media.
"In the Year of the Pig" was released as a region 1 DVD in 2005. In addition to the film, the DVD has audio commentary with director Emile de Antonio composed from archival sources, an interview with de Antonio, and liner notes by de Antonio scholar Douglas Kellner.
Influences.
A still photograph used in the film that displayed Marine Corporal Michael Wynn later was incorporated into the album cover for The Smiths' second album "Meat Is Murder" (1985). The insignia on Wynn's helmet was changed to "meat is murder".

</doc>
<doc id="6932654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932654" title="Hrasovik">
Hrasovik



</doc>
<doc id="6932655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932655" title="Thomas Bowdich">
Thomas Bowdich



</doc>
<doc id="6932658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932658" title="Roecliffe Manor Lawns">
Roecliffe Manor Lawns

Roecliffe Manor Lawns is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest south of Woodhouse Eaves in Leicestershire.
This grassland site on Precambrian rocks has a wide variety of fungi, including several species listed in the provisional Red Data Book of threatened species for fungi. There are many mushrooms of the genus "Entoloma".
The site is private land with no public access.

</doc>
<doc id="6932661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932661" title="BMW GT 101">
BMW GT 101

The BMW GT 101 was a turboshaft-type gas turbine engine developed from the BMW 003 aviation engine, that was considered for installation in Nazi Germany's Panther tank. The German Army's development division, the "Heereswaffenamt" (Army Ordnance Board), studied a number of gas turbine engines for use in tanks starting in mid-1944. Although none of these was fitted operationally, the GT 101 (GT for "Gas Turbine") reached a production quality stage of development. Several designs were produced over the lifetime of the program, including the GT 102 and GT 103.
Origins.
As early as mid-1943 Adolf Müller, formerly of the "Junkers Jumo" aircraft powerplant division of the parent Junkers aviation firm in Dessau, and then Heinkel-Hirth's "(Heinkel Strahltriebwerke)" jet engine division, proposed the use of a gas turbine for armored vehicle engines. A gas turbine would be much lighter than the 600 hp-plus class, gasoline-fueled reciprocating piston engines being used in the next-generation tanks, to that time primarily sourced from the Maybach firm for the "Wehrmacht Heer"'s existing armored fighting vehicle designs, that it would considerably improve their power-to-weight ratio and thereby improve cross-country performance, and potentially outright speed. At that time, there were considerable challenges with the use of gas turbine engines in this role, however. In the case of a pure turbojet engine for aviation purposes, the hot exhaust from the turbine is used directly for thrust alone; but in the case of a gas turbine being used for a traction engine, any heat flowing out the exhaust was essentially wasted power. The turbine exhaust was much hotter than that from a piston engine, with pioneering-design gas turbine engines possessing atrociously bad fuel economy figures when compared to traditional reciprocating piston-engine designs. On the upside, the use of inexpensive and widely available kerosene as fuel offset this disadvantage at least to some degree, so the overall economics of running the engines might end up being similar. Another problem was that the gas turbine engine only works well near a particular designed operating speed, although at (or near) that speed it can provide a wide range of output torque. More specifically, turbines offer very little torque at low speeds, which is much less of a problem for a piston engine, and not at all for an electric motor. In order to use a turbine in the tank role, the design would need to use an advanced transmission and clutch that allowed the engine to run at a limited range of speeds, or alternately use some other method to extract power. At first the Army was uninterested, and Müller turned to the design of an advanced turbosupercharger for BMW (it is unclear if this design saw use). When this work was completed in January 1944 he once again turned to the traction engine designs, and eventually met with the Heereswaffenamt in June 1944 to present a number of proposed designs for a 1,000-horsepower unit. Given the extreme problems Germany had with fuel supplies late in the war, use of low-grade fuels, no matter how much of it was needed and used, was actually seen as a major advantage, and the primary reason the Heereswaffenamt eventually became interested in the design.
Preliminary design.
Müller's first detailed design was a simple modification to a traditional jet engine, the core engine being based on the experimental Heinkel HeS 011, of which only 19 complete examples were ever built. In this design a separate turbine and power take-off shaft was bolted onto the exhaust of the engine core, the hot gases of the engine powering the turbine, and thus the tank. Since the engine core was separate from the power take-off, torque was available immediately because the core could be left running at full speed while generating small amounts of power, the unneeded gases being "dumped". This design had a serious problem, however; when the load was removed, during gear shifts for instance, the power turbine was unloaded and could race out of control. Either the power turbine had to be braked during these periods, or the gas flow from the engine core had to be dumped.
Another problem was that the Heereswaffenamt was seriously concerned about the quality of the fuels they could find. Unlike the aviation role where it was expected the fuel would be highly refined, it was considered likely the Army would end up with lower-quality fuels that could expected to contain all sorts of heavy contaminants. This led to the possibility that the fuel would not have time to mix properly in a traditional design, leading to poor combustion. They were particularly interested in having the fuel injectors rotate along with the engine core, which could be expected to lead to much better mixing, with the additional benefit of reducing hot spots on the turbine's stators. Unfortunately Müller's design did not appear to be able to be adapted to use these injectors, and the design was eventually rejected on 12 August 1944.
Müller then turned to designs that removed the separate power turbine and instead required some sort of torque-maintaining transmission. The best solution to the problem would have been to drive an electrical generator and use the power to drive motors for traction (a system Porsche had tried to introduce several times), but a serious shortage of copper by this point in the war — as well as its relatively poor quality throughout the war for electrical use, from copper ore resources that Germany could access — ruled out this solution. Instead some sort of hydraulic transmission was to be used, although not initially specified. Additionally, the new design included the rotating fuel injectors in the combustion chamber that the Heereswaffenamt was interested in. Müller presented the new design on 14 September, and the Heereswaffenamt proved considerably more interested – the deteriorating fuel supply situation at this point may have been a factor as well.
Oddly, they then suggested that any engine core developed for this role should also be suitable for aviation use, which led to the abandonment of the rotating injectors after all, and eventually to the use of a modified BMW 003 core, from a well-proven design. The basic layout had to be modified with the addition of a third bearing near the middle of the engine to help absorb shock loads, and a third turbine stage was added to the end of the engine to harness more torque. Unlike the earlier design, the power-take off could be placed anywhere (not just off the free turbine stage) and was in fact moved to the front of the engine in order to make the design as compatible as possible with existing engine compartments. The basic design was completed in mid-November, and assigned the name GT 101.
Originally they had intended to mount the new engine in the Henschel-designed Tiger tank, but although the engine was smaller, in a diametral manner than the V-12 piston engine it replaced, its beginnings as the axial compressor-based BMW 003 aviation turbojet meant that it was too long to fit in the Tiger I's engine bay. Attention then turned to the Panther, which by this point in the war was to be the basis of all future tank production anyway (see the Entwicklung series for details). For experimental fitting, Porsche provided one of the prototype Jagdtiger hulls.
Fitting of the GT 101 in the Panther hull took some design effort, but eventually a suitable arrangement was found. The engine exhaust was fitted with a large divergent diffuser to lower the exhaust velocity and temperature, which also allowed for a larger third turbine stage. The entire exhaust area extended out of the rear of the engine compartment into "free air", which made it extremely vulnerable to enemy fire, and it was realized this was not practical for a production system.
A new automatic transmission from Zahnradfabrik of Friedrichshafen (ZF) was built for the fitting, it had three clutching levels in the torque converter and twelve speeds. The transmission also included an electrically-operated clutch that mechanically disengaged from the engine completely at 5,000 rpm, below which the engine produced no torque on the output. At full speed, 14,000 rpm, the engine itself also acted in the manner of a huge flywheel, which greatly improved cross-country performance by allowing some of the engine's excess speed to be dumped into the transmission to pull the tank over bumps.
In terms of performance the GT 101 would have been surprisingly effective. It would have produced a total of 3,750 hp, using 2,600 hp to operate the compressor and thus leaving 1,150 hp to power the transmission. The entire engine assembly weighed 450 kg (992 lb), not including the transmission. In comparison, the existing Maybach HL230 P30 it replaced provided 620 hp yet weighed a comparatively huge 1,200 kg (2,646 lb). With the Maybach the Panther had a specific power of about 13.5 hp/ton, with the GT 101 this would improve to 27 hp/ton, outperforming any tank of WWII by a wide margin (for instance, the T-34 was 16.2 hp/tonne) and nearly matching the modern, turboshaft-powered American M1 Abrams tank's own 26.9 hp/ton top rating. For other reasons, essentially wear and tear, speeds for a GT 101-powered Panther would be deliberately limited to those of the gasoline-powered Panthers. The only downsides were poor torque at low power settings, and a fuel consumption about double that of the Maybach, which presented problems in finding enough room for fuel tankage — a similar problem also existed with early German gas turbines used for aircraft propulsion.
GT 102.
While work on the GT 101 continued, Müller proposed another way to build the free-turbine engine that avoided the problems with his original designs. In December 1944 he presented his plans, which were accepted for development as the GT 102.
The basic idea of the GT 102 was to completely separate the power turbine from the engine itself, using the latter as a gas generator. The core engine was run hot enough to power itself and nothing more, no power was taken from the core to drive the tank. Compressed air from the core's compressor, 30% of the overall airflow, was bled off through a pipe to a completely separate two-stage turbine with its own combustion chamber. This avoided the overspeed problems of the original design; when load was removed, simply shutting off the airflow to the turbine would slow it down. This also meant that the core could be run at full speed while the power turbine ran at low speed, providing significantly improved low-speed torque. The only downside to the design was that the power turbine no longer had the huge spinning mass of the GT 101, and thus did not offer any significant flywheel energy storage.
Since the turbine section of the core engine was no longer being fed all of the air from the compressor, it could be built smaller than in the GT 101. This made the engine shorter overall, allowing it to be installed transversely in the upper portion of the Panther's engine compartment, in the wider area above the tracks. The power turbine was then fitted in the empty space below, mounted at a right angle to the engine. This positioned it in-line with the normal transmission, which was located at the front of the vehicle, driving it via a power shaft. The mounting was considerably more practical than the GT 101, and entirely "under armor" as well. Although the GT 102 had fuel economy about equal to the GT 101, the mounting left considerably more empty room within the engine compartment in the space formerly used by the engine cooling system that could be used for new fuel cells, doubling the overall fuel capacity to 1,400 liters and thus providing equal range to the original gasoline engine.
Most of the design work for the GT 102 was complete by early 1945, and the plans were to have been delivered on 15 February (along with final designs for the GT 101). It appears the plans were not delivered, likely due to the deteriorating war condition.
GT 102 Ausf. 2.
In order to further improve the fit of the GT 102 in the Panther, the GT 102 Ausf. 2 design modified several sections of the original gas generator layout to shorten the compressor area and combustion chamber. These were somewhat longer in the GT 102 than they would have been in a comparable aircraft engine in order to allow for better mixing with lower quality fuels. The Ausf. 2 returned these to their original dimensions, and instead re-introduced the rotating fuel injectors from the original pre-GT 101 designs. The compressor was further reduced in length by reducing it from nine to seven stages, but retained the original compression ratio by operating the first stage close to Mach 1. With these reductions in length the engine could be fit lengthwise in the engine compartment, allowing the space above the tracks to be used for fuel storage, as they had originally.
GT 103.
Much of the poor fuel economy of the gas turbine in the traction role was due to the hot exhaust, which essentially represented lost energy. In order to reclaim some of this energy, it is possible to use the hot exhaust to pre-heat the air from the compressor before it flows into the combustion chamber, using a heat exchanger. Although not common, these recuperators are used in a number of applications today.
W. Hryniszak of Brown Boveri in Heidelberg designed a recuperator that was added to the otherwise unmodified GT 102 design to produce the GT 103. The heat exchanger used a rotating porous ceramic cylinder fit into a cruciform duct. Air from the gas generator's exhaust entered the duct outside the cylinder at 500 °C, and blew around the cylinder, heating it and then exhausting at about 350 °C. The ceramic cylinder rotated slowly in order to avoid overheating the "hot" side. Compressed air flowing into the power turbine was piped through the middle of the cylinder, entering at about 180 °C and exiting at about 300 °C.
This meant that 120 °C of the 800 °C final temperature of the air did not have to be provided by the fuel, representing a fairly substantial savings. Estimates suggested an improvement of about 30% in fuel consumption. It was also suggested that a second heat exchanger could be used on the gas generator engine core, saving another 30%. This reduced fuel use by half overall, making it similar to the original gasoline engine. These estimates appear unreasonable in retrospect, although General Motors did experiment with these systems throughout the 1960s and 70s.

</doc>
<doc id="6932664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932664" title="Yedoma">
Yedoma

Yedoma () is an organic-rich (about 2% carbon by mass) Pleistocene-age permafrost with ice content of 50–90% by volume. Yedoma are abundant in the cold regions of eastern Siberia, such as northern Yakutia, as well as in Alaska and the Yukon.
Characteristics.
The landscape of yedoma areas is of glacier plains and hills with shallow depressions known as alas. Yedoma usually form in lowlands or stretches of land with rolling hills where ice wedge polygonal networks are present, in stable relief features with accumulation zones of poor drainage, severe cold and arid continental climate zones resulting in scanty vegetation cover, intense periglacial weathering processes, as well as the proximity of sediment sources, such as low mountain ranges and foothills.
The amount of carbon trapped in this type of permafrost is much more prevalent than originally thought and may be about 210 to 500 Gt, that is a multiple of the amount of carbon released into the air each year by the burning of fossil fuels. Thawing yedoma is a significant source of atmospheric methane (about 4 Tg of per year).
The Yedoma region currently occupies an area of more than one million square kilometers from northeast Siberia to Alaska and Canada, and in many regions is tens of meters thick. During the Last Glacial Maximum, when the global sea level was 120 m lower than that of today, similar deposits covered substantial areas of the exposed northeast Eurasian continental shelves. At the end of the last ice age, at the Pleistocene–Holocene transition, thawing yedoma and the resulting thermokarst lakes may have produced 33 to 87% of the high-latitude increase in atmospheric methane concentration.

</doc>
<doc id="6932670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932670" title="List of EastEnders spin-offs">
List of EastEnders spin-offs



</doc>
<doc id="6932673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932673" title="Grandiorite">
Grandiorite



</doc>
<doc id="6932679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932679" title="Thomas Bennett">
Thomas Bennett

Thomas or Tom Bennett or Bennet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6932680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932680" title="7th United States Cavalry">
7th United States Cavalry



</doc>
<doc id="6932681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932681" title="Snakeskin">
Snakeskin

Snakeskin may either refer to the skin of a live snake, the shed skin of a snake after molting, or to a type of leather that is made from the hide of a dead snake. Snakeskin and scales can have varying patterns and color formations, providing protection via camouflage from predators. The colors and iridescence in these scales are largely determined by the types and amount of chromatophores located in the dermis of the snake skin. The snake's skin and scales are also an important feature to their locomotion, providing protection and minimizing friction when gliding over surfaces.
Skin of a living snake.
In a living snake, its skin often deals with various forms of abrasion. To combat rough substrates, snakes have formed specialized and multilayered organizational epidermal structures to provide a safe and efficient sliding locomotion when maneuvering over rough surfaces.
Display.
Pattern formation.
Snakes can be ornately patterned. They can be striped, banded, solid, green, blue, yellow, red, black, orange, brown, spotted, or have a unique pattern all their own. These color schemes can serve many functions, including camouflage, heat absorption or reflection, or may play other, less understood roles. Melanin cells in the skin often overlap and form complex patterns and sheets that are highly recognizable. Sometimes the soft integument of a snake is colored differently than their hard scales. This is often utilized as a method of predator determent.
Color and iridescence.
Coloration of snakes is largely due to pigment cells and their distribution. Some scales have lightly colored centers, which arise from regions with a reduced cuticle. A thinner cuticle indicates that some sensory organ is present. Scales in general are numerous and coat the epidermis, and come in all shapes and colors. They are helpful in identification of snake species. Chromatophores in the dermis yield coloration when light shines through the corneal layer of the epidermis. There are many kinds of chromatophores. Melanophores yield brown pigmentation, and when paired with guanophores, yield grey. When paired with guanophores and lipophores, yellow results. When guanophores and allophores are added to melanophores, red pigment results. Carotenoids also help produce orange and red colors. Dark snakes (dark brown or black in color) appear as such due to melanocytes that are active in the epidermis. When melanin is absent, albino individuals result. Snakes do not possess blue or green pigments, instead these arise from guanophores, which are also called iridocytes. Iridocytes reside in the dermis, and are responsible for the iridescent appearance of many dark-colored snakes. Males and females may show varied coloration, as might hatchlings and adults of the same species.
Structures and function.
Snakeskin, or integument, is more than just patterns and scales. Scales and patterning are features of snakeskin, and they are derived from a soft and complex integument. These scale patterns are unique to species, and the scales themselves help in locomoting by providing a friction buffer between the snake and the ground
Organization.
Reptiles, including snakes, possess extensive keratinization of the epidermis in the form of epidermal scales. A snake's epidermis is composed of four layers. The outer layer of a snake's skin is shed periodically, and is therefore a temporary layer, and is highly keratinized. Beneath the outer layer is the corneal layer (stratum corneum), which is thickened and flexible. Under the corneal layer is intermediary zone (stratum granulosum) and the basal layer (stratum basale), respectively. The dermis of a snake resides beneath the epidermis. The dermis of snakes is generally fibrous in nature, and not very prominent. The dermis houses pigment cells, nerves, and collagen fibers. Nerve fibers extend into the snake epidermis and anchor near scales, generally at the rostral, or head, end of the snake. Specifically, nerves anchor to sensory spines and pits, which are touch and thermal detection organs, respectively. The hypodermis is below the dermis, this layer mainly stores fat.
Friction reduction and protection.
Snakeskin is composed of a soft, flexible inner layer (alpha-layer), as well as a hard, inflexible outer surface (beta-layer). Snake bodies are in contact with a surface at all times, causing a large amount of friction. As a result, they have to both minimize friction in order to move forward, and generate their own friction in order to create enough propulsion to move. Scale and skin orientation accomplish this, as it has been demonstrated by studies of the nanostructures on their scales. Specifically, the inner alpha-layer contains alpha-keratins which serve as cytoskeletal proteins for a mechanical form of resistance against traction. Additionally, to reduce friction some snakes polish their scales. They secrete an oil from their nasal passage, and then rub the secretion over the scales. This is done at varying intervals depending on the species of snake, sometimes frequently, other times only after shedding or molting. It is thought that scale polishing is used as a method of waterproofing, and it may also play a role in chemical messaging or friction reduction. Lastly, scales and snake skin provide protection in the form of keratin. It has been found, that beta-keratins aid in formation of scales, as the keratin proteins produce a pre-corneous layer of densely packed epidermal scales creating a thick corneous protective layer. Parts of this keratin covering are shaved back to make the snake's scales, the less restricted portion of each scale overlapping the scale behind it. Between scales lies shaved back connecting material, also of keratin, also part of the epidermis. This material allows for the poised glide of the snake over rough stones or gritty sand.
Permeability.
Skin permeability may change seasonally in snakes to help with the problem of drying out. It is known that desert snakes have generally impermeable skins, and that aquatic snakes have a more permeable skin that can sometimes trap water to prevent drying out. Some snakes may change their environment throughout the year, and may subsequently change their skin's permeability as a result. For instance, aquatic snakes may latch on to more water if they are in an environment that is drying out by attracting a layer of water under their scales.
Glands.
Not many glands are present in snake skin. Most snake glands are holocrine glands, meaning that the gland's cells are secreted along with the substance the gland makes. These holocrine glands in snakes do not have their own blood supply, and thus lie closely with vascularized connective tissue. Snakes also possess glands that aid in attracting mates, and some marine snake species possess a salt gland that helps remove excess salt that they have consumed. Most glands in reptiles are poorly understood due to their scarcity.
Movement and flexibility.
The skin that lies beneath snake's scales is also responsible for snakes' flexibility. The regions between snake scales is made of soft integument called an alpha-layer, which is composed of alpha-keratin that allows for flexibility and movement. Snake mobility is dependent on the skin's contact to a friction surface, the tribological behavior of the snake skin allows for quick and precise changes in direction. For smooth gliding to occur, snakeskin is composed of sharp spines and interlocking longitudinal ridges. The snakeskin also contains highly organized 'micro-hairs' along the ventral (underneath) surface, oriented in a caudal (towards the back) direction. With both of these features, the snake is able to efficiently slide forward on surfaces of low friction, and create high friction when needing to retreat backwardly.
Phylogeny.
Snakes belong to a group of reptiles called the Lepidosauria, which are reptiles with overlapping scales. They further are grouped down into the Squamata, which includes all snakes and lizards, and all but two species of Lepidosauria that belong to the Rynchocephalia (the tuatara). The species belonging to both of these subgroups likewise share similar skin features with snakes, with unique adaptations and features, respectively.
Shed skin.
The molting of the skin occurs regularly in snakes. Molting is common, and results in the entire outer layer of epidermis being lost. In the case of snakes, it is called "shedding" or "ecdysis." A new layer of epidermis is grown beneath the old. When it is finished, the snake secretes a fluid between the new skin and the old. The fluid gives the skin a silvery cast. Snakes will work their heads against rough surfaces until the old skin breaks, after which the snake can work itself out of it. A shed skin is much longer than the snake that shed it, as the skin covers the top and bottom of each scale. If the skin is shed intact, each scale is unwrapped on the top and bottom side of the scale which almost doubles the length of the shed skin. While a snake is in the process of shedding the skin over its eye, the eye may become milky. Scales over the snakes eyes harden, to be shed with the rest of the old skin. When the process is complete the snake emerges with its color deepened, the scales polished, the surfaces bright and undulled by contact with scratching brush, and with their total loss of vision completely restored.
Leather.
Snakeskin is used to make clothing such as vests, belts, boots or shoes or fashion accessories such as handbags and wallets, and is used to cover the sound board of some string musical instruments, such as the banhu, sanxian or the sanshin.
Snake leather is regarded as an exotic product alongside alligator, crocodile, lizard, ostrich, emu, camel, among others. With crocodile and lizard leathers, it belongs to the category of reptile leathers, with a scaly appearance. There is evidence that the harvest in at least some species of snakes killed for the leather industry is unsustainable and carried out in violation of national legislation in source countries.

</doc>
<doc id="6932683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932683" title="Gregori Aminoff prize">
Gregori Aminoff prize



</doc>
<doc id="6932684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932684" title="Scott Klug">
Scott Klug

Scott Leo Klug (born January 16, 1953) is an American lobbyist, author, and businessman, as well as a former politician and television reporter. From 1991 to 1999, he was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from Wisconsin, representing .
Early life, education and career.
Klug grew up in West Allis and Wauwatosa, both Milwaukee-area suburbs. He attended Marquette University High School, a Roman Catholic boys school, and then Lawrence University, graduating with a degree in history in 1975. The following year he received a master's degree in journalism from Northwestern University. He later received an M.B.A. from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1990. For 14 years, Klug was a television journalist, serving as anchor and reporter for various stations in Seattle, Washington, Madison, Wisconsin, and Washington, D.C.
U.S. Congress.
Klug was first elected to the 102nd Congress in 1990, defeating, in a surprise upset, 16 term incumbent Robert Kastenmeier, with 53% of the vote. He won re-election in 1992 with 63% of the vote, in 1994 with 69% of the vote, and in 1996 with 57% of the vote.
While in office, Klug was a member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. In his first term, he gained national attention as one of the members of the Republican Gang of Seven. He also opposed the George H. W. Bush administration by supporting abortion rights and family leave.
While in Congress, Klug opposed the federal drinking age, saying alcohol regulation should be a matter left to individual states, and advocated the revocation of the 1984 National Minimum Drinking Age Act.
At the urging of Republican leadership under Newt Gingrich, Klug presented a resolution stating that the House would not support continuing resolutions to keep government funding; this led to the United States federal government shutdown of 1995 and 1996.
Klug did not run for re-election in 1998, and his term expired on January 3, 1999. Democrat Tammy Baldwin ran for Congress in the 2nd district and subsequently won his seat.
Post-Congressional career.
Klug currently serves as director of public affairs for Foley &amp; Lardner, a Wisconsin-based law firm, and represents clients 
in Washington and various state capitals.
In 2013, he authored "The Alliance", a mystery novel about religion and antiquities.
In 2007, Klug co-chaired Rudy Giuliani's presidential campaign in Wisconsin along with former U.S. Sen. Bob Kasten and former State Sen. Cathy Stepp. On January 30, 2008, Giuliani dropped out of the race.
In August 1998, Klug, as head of Barking Sands Media, purchased "Wisconsin Trails", a travel magazine. He was the CEO of Trails Media Group, based in Black Earth, Wisconsin, until 2007 when the company was sold to the "Milwaukee Journal Sentinel" and moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Personal life.
Klug is a resident of Madison, Wisconsin with his wife, Theresa Summers Klug. The couple has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="6932688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932688" title="Kecerovce">
Kecerovce

Kecerovce () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
Historically, the village was first mentioned in 1567.
Geography.
The village lies at an altitude of 310 metres and covers an area of 13.806 km².
It has a population of about 2585 people.
Construction of a nuclear power plant is planned in Kecerovce. Slovak government announced that initiation of the construction will depend on success in postponing of closure of the oldest Slovak nuclear plant in Jaslovské Bohunice.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6932693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932693" title="Miss Continental">
Miss Continental

Miss Continental is an annual drag queen pageantry system founded in 1980 by Jim Flint. The pageant itself takes place at the Baton Show Lounge in Chicago, Illinois, and is usually held over Labor Day weekends.
History.
Jim Flint organized the first Miss Continental Pageant in 1980. He started the competition as an inclusive pageant for all female impersonators, including those who have taken hormones or had surgical enhancements.
The first competition had 14 contestants. Ten years later in 1990, there were 44 contestants and 25 preliminaries in the United States.
Competitions.
Also known as the Continental Pageantry System, the pageant features different competitions.
Both Miss Continental Plus and Miss Continental Elite have been held each year over the Easter weekend, in Chicago. Miss Continental is held during the Labor Day weekend.
Contestants show five looks and a talent. More than 40 preliminary competitions occur around the world, with finalists arriving in Chicago for the event.
Winners.
Sources
Legend:&lt;br&gt;
† indicates that the contestant is deceased.
Popular media.
The Queens, a documentary directed by Mark Saxenmeyer, premiered in 2020 and focused on the 2011 competition.

</doc>
<doc id="6932700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932700" title="Kuzzey Buskirk">
Kuzzey Buskirk



</doc>
<doc id="6932703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932703" title="Thomas Horner">
Thomas Horner

Thomas Horner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6932710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932710" title="Wane rooney">
Wane rooney



</doc>
<doc id="6932717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932717" title="List of traditional children's street games">
List of traditional children's street games



</doc>
<doc id="6932727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932727" title="Drienovec">
Drienovec

Drienovec () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6932733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932733" title="Outrageous betrayal">
Outrageous betrayal



</doc>
<doc id="6932736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932736" title="Lara Jean Marshall">
Lara Jean Marshall

Lara Jean Marshall (born 30 July 1988) is an English-born Australian actress, singer, and dancer. She is best known for her role as Lisa Atwood on the Australian television series "The Saddle Club" in the first two seasons.
Early life and education.
Marshall earned her first stage role at the age of seven in a minor part as the lamb in a Kidz for Kidz production of "Charlotte's Web" and later sang and dancing in "Babes in Toyland" for the People's Playhouse. She was chosen as Young Eponine in "Les Misérables" for Cameron Mackintosh's 10th Anniversary presentation of the classic in Melbourne.
Marshall grew up in Mount Eliza, Victoria, and attended Toorak College, graduating in 2006. In 2007, she completed at a foundation course in musical theatre at the Victorian College of the Arts before attending the Sydney Theatre School in 2008. Marshall then went on to train at the Victorian College of the Arts (University of Melbourne) from 2009 to 2011, earning a Bachelor of Dramatic Art degree. In 2012, she took short courses at Ward Acting Studio in Melbourne, and in 2013 she trained in New York City at Susan Batson's studio and the American Academy of Dramatic Arts.
"The Saddle Club".
In 2000, Marshall was cast as Lisa Atwood No. 1 in "The Saddle Club", a television series based on a series of books written by Bonnie Bryant. First shown in 2001, the show was renewed for a second and third season, during which time it added various new characters and dilemmas for the girls to interact with and overcome. During the show's sporadic run, Marshall released five albums with her co-stars, Sophie Bennett (Stevie Lake) and Keenan MacWilliam (Carole Hanson), under the name "The Saddle Club", all of which made the Australian charts, with three earning "Gold" status. A number of singles were released under the same artist name. The Saddle Club is still shown on Popgirl and Horse Racing TV. The Saddle Club was on Discovery Kids until the channel shut down and became The Hub. Season three of "The Saddle Club" launched in fall 2008 with a different cast, due to the fact that the original cast were now too old for their roles.
Sydney Royal Easter Show.
Marshall and other cast members performed "The Saddle Club Arena Show" on horseback during the Sydney Royal Easter Show in 2004 at the Sydney SuperDome to crowds of over 7000 people.
Other work.
Marshall has appeared in a variety of other projects, including The Doctor Blake Mysteries, alongside Craig McLachlan, Penny, with Steph Dunbar and Jason Agius, and We Were Tomorrow, with Tim Pocock and Alicia Banit.

</doc>
<doc id="6932738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932738" title="List of Central Ohio Suburbs">
List of Central Ohio Suburbs



</doc>
<doc id="6932739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932739" title="The Detective Memoirs of Chief Straw Hat Luffy">
The Detective Memoirs of Chief Straw Hat Luffy



</doc>
<doc id="6932741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932741" title="German colony">
German colony



</doc>
<doc id="6932754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932754" title="Thomas Lanier">
Thomas Lanier



</doc>
<doc id="6932772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932772" title="The Promise (film)">
The Promise (film)



</doc>
<doc id="6932776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932776" title="Benny Rousselle">
Benny Rousselle

Benedict G. Rousselle, known as Benny Rousselle (born January 20, 1951), is a Realtor and an Independent politician from Plaquemines Parish in Greater New Orleans, Louisiana.
Plaquemines Parish is adjacent to the Algiers district (also known as Fifteenth Ward) of New Orleans. Hurricane Katrina struck Plaquemines Parish during Rousselle's second term as parish president. Katrina and related levee failures resulted in almost all homes and businesses of Plaquemines Parish being catastrophically flooded. Belle Chasse, the location of the Naval Air Station and the Joint Reserve Base, was spared from flood destruction as it is flanked by the Mississippi River on the northern and eastern sides and the Industrial Canal on the west side and naturally sits on high ground. Most had to evacuate permanently from their houses, and many remained for months in Federal Emergency Management Agency trailers.
Rousselle blamed the national administration for the way it handled the aftermath of Katrina.
Other politicians who criticized the way the U.S. government handled the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina were Mayor Ray Nagin of New Orleans and parish presidents Junior Rodriguez from St. Bernard and Aaron Broussard from Jefferson.
Rousselle was constitutionally ineligible for a third consecutive term as Plaquemines parish president.
Election history.
Member of Parish Council, District 2, 1990
Threshold &gt; 50%
First Ballot, October 6, 1990
State Representative, 105th Representative District, 1995
Threshold &gt; 50%
First Ballot, October 21, 1995
Second Ballot, November 18, 1995
Plaquemines Parish President, 1998
Threshold &gt; 50%
First Ballot, October 3, 1998
Plaquemines Parish President, 2002
Threshold &gt; 50%
First Ballot, October 5, 2002
Second Ballot, November 5, 2002
Sources.
ThinkExist.com : 
Louisiana Secretary of State : https://web.archive.org/web/20060911211304/http://www.sos.louisiana.gov/
Plaquemines Parish: http://www.plaqueminesparish.com/

</doc>
<doc id="6932782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932782" title="John Dagenhard">
John Dagenhard

John Douglas Dagenhard (April 25, 1917 – July 16, 2001) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. The , right-hander appeared in two games for the Boston Braves at the end of the 1943 season.
Dagenhard is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on September 28, 1943, and pitched scoreless relief in a doubleheader against the St. Louis Cardinals at Sportsman's Park.
On October 3, 1943, he was the starting pitcher in the second game of a doubleheader against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field, the final game of the season. He pitched a complete game and the Braves won, 5–2. Both runs were unearned.
Prior to his MLB debut, Dagenhard played two seasons in the Class A Eastern League. He recorded a 26-26 win-loss record with an ERA of 4.27. There is no record of Dagenhard playing professional baseball after 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="6932785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932785" title="Zádiel">
Zádiel

Zádiel () is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
History.
In historical records, the village was first mentioned in 1317.
Geography.
The village lies at an elevation of and covers an area of . It has a population of 160 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6932792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932792" title="Thomas Page (disambiguation)">
Thomas Page (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6932793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932793" title="Zadiel">
Zadiel



</doc>
<doc id="6932798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932798" title="Crystal Lake Community Consolidated School District 47">
Crystal Lake Community Consolidated School District 47

Crystal Lake Community Consolidated School District 47 is a school district containing elementary and middle schools. The district serves Crystal Lake, Lakewood, as well as parts of Lake in the Hills, Cary, Woodstock, Huntley, Bull Valley, and McHenry.
District 47 has an area of 44 square miles and a population of about 7,800 students from Pre-K through 8th grade, as well as about 1,100 staff and administrators. The current Superintendent is Dr. Kathy Hinz.
History.
The creation of District 47 took place during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Schools.
In District 47, there are nine elementary schools, three middle schools, and one early childhood center.
Middle schools.
Richard F. Bernotas Middle School.
Richard F. Bernotas Middle School, also referred to as Bernotas Middle School or simply RBMS, was established in 1969. Originally it was North Junior High, in 2002, it was dedicated to Richard F. Bernotas who served the district from 1971-2002. The school was the second middle school in the district. In the beginning the school district headquarters housed here until 1987.
Renovation of old office space constructed new classrooms in the basement of the school where the offices used to be. After that more classrooms were built on the north side of the school in 1991 and more in 2006 with the addition the new cafeteria. Final additions to the east side of the building concluded in 2018 for life skills classes.
There are 800 students attending Bernotas Middle school. Bernotas' sports teams go under the "Bernotas Vikings". The school's mascot is Thor, represented by a viking. The school colors are navy blue and gold. Unique to the other middle schools in the district, RBMS has its unique school song. 
Leon J. Lundahl Middle School.
Leon J. Lundahl Middle School, also referred to as Lundahl Middle School, was established in 1959 as South Junior High. The name was switched to Lundahl Middle School after the retirement of Leon J. Lundahl, the superintendent in 1966. Lundahl Middle School was the first school to be named after someone at the time.
In 1974, a new addition, including a new gymnasium, learning center, locker room area, and science complex, was opened. Mr. Richard Carlstedt became principal in 1989. In 1990-91, a new north-end classroom addition, cafeteria, locker room area, and second gymnasium were added to the Lundahl campus. The school became an accredited middle school in the spring of 1995, and its name was officially changed to Lundahl Middle School Campus for the opening of the 1996-97 school year.. 
Lundahl Middle School's colors are purple and gold, and they compete in athletics as the Lundahl Lions, female-oriented sports teams referred to as the Lady Lions. Lundahl Middle School's mascot is a lion, whose name is Leo. Leo comes from Leon J. Lundahl, the retiring superintendent in 1966.
Hannah Beardsley Middle School.
Hannah Beardsley Middle School opened in 1996, the most recent middle school in Crystal Lake. Its namesake, Hannah Beardsley, was the first school teacher in the Crystal Lake area. The first principal of Hannah Beardsley Middle School was Ron Ludwig.
Similarly to Bernotas, HBMS was opened to accommodate Crystal Lake's burgeoning population, which had been fueled mainly by an influx of middle-class families from Chicago during the 1990s. When it first opened, Beardsley was already close to capacity. Rising enrollment necessitated the construction of an additional wing of classrooms on the building's upper floor, completed in 2000. Present enrollment is 830 students in grades 6 through 8. Beardsley's sports teams compete as the Beardsley Bears, and its school colors are blue and orange.

</doc>
<doc id="6932799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932799" title="Der Giftpilz">
Der Giftpilz

Der Giftpilz (German for "The Poisonous Mushroom" or "The Poisonous Toadstool") is a piece of antisemitic Nazi propaganda published as a children's book by Julius Streicher in 1938. The text is by Ernst Hiemer, with illustrations by Philipp Rupprecht (also known as "Fips"); the title alludes to how, just as it is difficult to tell a poisonous mushroom from an edible mushroom, it is difficult to tell a Jew apart from a Gentile. The book purports to warn German children about the dangers allegedly posed by Jews to them personally, and to German society in general.
After the war, Streicher was convicted of being an accessory for crimes against humanity in the Nuremberg trials and executed in 1946. Rupprecht served five years in prison.
Antisemitism.
The book falsely claims that the Talmud discourages Jews from performing manual labour and encourages them to engage in trade instead; that it teaches Jews that non-Jews are meant to be slaves and asks Jews to enslave the non-Jewish population; and that Talmudic law allows Jews to cheat non-Jews.
The book was sometimes used in German schools. A copy of the book is held by the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, D.C.
An English-language translation of the book was produced by U.S. neo-Nazi activist Gary Lauck, and thereafter marketed on his website for $10. Lauck also produced an Estonian-language translation in 2007, and claims to be working on translations into many other languages. The Estonian Internal Security Service has investigated the case under the section of Estonian penal code criminalizing incitement to social hatred, but concluded that it is unlikely to have the jurisdiction or means to prosecute the author, as under American law, websites are covered by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.

</doc>
<doc id="6932801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932801" title="Thai Global Network">
Thai Global Network

Thai TV Global Network (TGN) is a former Thai satellite television channel. Тhai TV Global Network is the first and only satellite TV broadcasting center in Thailand. TGN, under the operation of the Royal Thai Army Radio and Television Channel 5, provides 24-hour-programs broadcasting to 170 countries on five continents. All facets of Thai life, culture, activities, information, news and entertainment are included in the programming for the channel.
TGN reaches an audience of 350 million viewers around the world.
Programming on the channel includes game shows, reports about the royal house of the Chakri dynasty, news, Thai music videos, soap operas, cooking shows (some in English), and Thai boxing known as "Muay Thai."
Reception.
UBC channel 179 **
500 ** cable operators as a member of the Thailand Cable TV Association
Independent cable networks **
also available on Galaxy 19 at 97 west
History.
The pay TV station Thai Wave started via satellite in 1996. At the beginning, the station featured Thai video clips from Thailand, as well as news and soap operas. The station broadcast daily from 8 pm to 4 am. The program was promoted in Europe by THAI WAVE International Broadcasting Co. Ltd., Hauptstr. 100, 76461 Muggensturm, Germany. The use of Thai Wave analogue Decoding from this period was same as Premiere and Canal +, special was the "white key" that had to be used in decoders to decode the program. After about a year, Thai Wave ended operation due to the low demand. The home of the station was in Phaya Thai, a Khet (district) of Bangkok and it was used the studio and program content from Royal Thai Army Radio and Television Channel 5. Later Thai TV Global Network started operation by digital satellite broadcasting.
On 15 November 2022, TV 5 announced the planned termination of Thai TV Global Network, with transmissions ceasing from 10 January 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="6932802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932802" title="Kasthamandap">
Kasthamandap

Kasthamandap (Sanskrit: काष्ठमण्डप, Nepal Bhasa:मरु सत: "Maru Satta:"; literally "Wood-Covered Shelter") is a reconstructed three-storied public shelter which was built by Lila Vajra. There is also a shrine consecrated to Gorakshanath situated at Maru, Kathmandu, Nepal. Several myths and stories about the date of the construction of the Kasthamandap have been resolved with the recent archeological findings: newly discovered objects during the excavation in the aftermath of the 2015 earthquake have suggested that the older Kasthamandap may have been built in the 7th century during the Lichhavi era.
2015 Nepal earthquake and subsequent excavations.
A team of international and national experts from the Department of Archaeology (DoA), Government of Nepal and Durham University had excavated beneath the Kasthamandap and found coal and sand in the foundations. The foundation soil, coal, and sand were taken to the University of Stirling, Scotland for carbon and optically stimulated luminescence (OSL) tests. Nearly seven months of lab tests showed that the Kasthamandap was built in the 7th century, said Ram Kunwar, spokesperson at the Department of Archeology (DoA).
On 25 April 2015, Kasthamandap along with many others on the Kathmandu Durbar Square, was damaged and collapsed by the April 2015 Nepal earthquake, which had an estimated magnitude of 7.9 ().
During the excavations, copperplate inscriptions mentioning of Jayasthithi Malla, Jyotir Malla and Yogmati Bhattarika have been recovered from a pillar of the Kasthamandap. In the manuscripts dated Nepal Sambat 499, 454 and 543, (AD 1288, 1243, 1332) it is written that the person responsible for operating the Pachali Bhairav Jatra has to organise the festival following the specific regulations.
References.
Second phase of work begins at Kasthamandap in Kathmandu - Durham University

</doc>
<doc id="6932805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932805" title="Freak Force">
Freak Force

Freak Force is the name of a fictional team of superhuman bounty hunters operating out of Chicago, Illinois. They originated in the Image Comics comic book series "Savage Dragon", but subsequently went on to star in their own series. All the characters were created by Erik Larsen, many during his adolescence.
Premise.
With the exceptions of Superpatriot and Mighty Man, all of the team were part of a failed "freak force" program, in which the Chicago Police Department attempted to recruit super-powered police officers. Dart, a vigilante from Detroit, was among the first recruited. Horridus joined soon after the Dragon rescued her from abusive captivity in her parents' basement. Ricochet and Barbaric were led to the program from a meeting with the Savage Dragon, although Ricochet was rejected as too young to be a police officer. While sulking, she helped rescue Rapture from a homicidal pimp.
Their tenure as police officers was brief and fraught with disaster. Barbaric almost killed members of the Vicious Circle criminal organization during a prison escape. Dart gravely injured the villain Cesspool, who later filed a lawsuit. The police department also wanted the crew to wear standard police uniforms, instead of superhero costumes. The heroes complained that this would restrict their fighting ability. This, and other factors, soon led to the team leaving the police department.
The series.
In addition to "The Savage Dragon", Highbrow Entertainment turned out the initial spin-off series "Freak Force" on a regular basis. The series ran for 18 issues, from December 1993 to July 1995. It was written by Erik Larsen, Keith Giffen and pencilled by Vic Bridges.
Issues #1 mostly set the scene and introduced the team's downtown headquarters as well as a shambolic fight against a nuclear-powered character Major Disaster, and issue two tying into the long-running Covenant of the Sword sub-plot that would not be resolved until the 75th issue of Savage Dragon some years later. Chelsea Nirvana, the daughter of Mighty Man's old villain Dr. Nirvana, tricks her way into becoming the secretary for the group.
Issues #3, #4, and #5 featured the series' first story arc, with Chelsea Nirvana using one of her father's old inventions to clone Mighty Man, Ricochet and Barbaric (twice, after failing to remember Superpatriot was mostly robotic) resulting in a public battle between the clones and the originals. Vanguard, an ally of the Dragon, was sucked into the fight. During clean up, Mighty Man, Barbaric and Ricochet were attacked by the Inhabitor, who was able to stretch inanimate objects, mostly floors and walls.
Issue #6 detailed the origins of Mighty Man and Rapture, and so in turn, the fate of Chelsea's father, who was killed during experimenting on Rapture. This is the incident that gave Rapture her superpowers. Issue #7 featured an appearance of the dangerously insane Detroit hero Killkat (later of the Deadly Duo) who is obsessed with Dart. Chelsea and Inhabitor team up.
Issues 8 &amp; 9 introduced Jake Farrel, a government agent and old 'acquaintance' of Superpatriot, who enlists them to defeat metal eating ants that crash landed in Brazil. The story again guest-starred Vanguard, and was a cross-over with Cyberforce. Issue #10 was the only issue to feature The Dragon in any major way, in a stand-alone story featuring a bullied and abused teen Joey Finkleberry who wakes with incredible strength and murders his abusive father and classmates. He defeats Freak Force, but is talked into surrendering by the Dragon.
The final issues were divided up into three major story-arcs. 11, 12 and 13 had Jake Farrel once again drafting Freak Force, this time with two members of Superpatriot's old team The Liberty League Mr Big and Hornet to remove The Cosmic Cops, who had commandeered New York City with intentions of taking the populace. Horridus was revealed as being half extraterrestrial. She accidentally sabotages the Cosmic Cops, who flee. However both Mr Big and Hornet perish and Rapture's leg is broken. Annoyed at the team's performance Dart quits. Issues 14 and 15 feature Bludgeon, who was given powers by Johnny Redbeard. Mighty Man and Ricochet are in comas and it is Joey Finkleberry who saves the day. Dart and Mighty Man's friend, Phyllis Deeder, are captured by Chelsea and Inhibitor.
Issue #16 has a further confrontation with Chelsea, Redbeard and various other characters. Freak Force disbands, some of the group perform a rescue mission at a super-freak detainment camp and Chelsea changes genders.
This story continued on into the regular Savage Dragon series. Chelsea and Inhibitor’s gang, made up of her henchmen and other freed prisoners continued on with villainy. The Nixed Men, further creations of Johnny Redbead, joined up. She-Dragon mistook Chelsea Nirvana for Johnny Redbead, for Chelsea had changed into that form. The gang-lead Cyber-Face killed a number of Chelsea's men, then had Negate, who could remove powers, neutralize Chelsea. She ended up looking exactly like her father. Chelsea later gained some measure of revenge by killing Mighty Man's human host. Dart soon gained Mighty Man's powers.
Mini-series.
Concurrent with the end of the initial series, there was also a three-issue Freak Force mini-series, set after the "Mars Attacks Image" event, that ran from April 1997 to July 1997. Larsen was again involved overseeing the project, which was written by Larsen (with Eric Stephenson as co-scripter) and illustrated by Andy Kuhn.
The Mini-series had one story, that of the attack of the 'Frightening Force', a new team of enemies organised by Chelsea Nirvana, now a normal powerless man attacking the group out of revenge shortly after they became funded by Peter Klaptain, a rock singer who likes to insinuate he is the vigilante Star (when in fact it was a policeman Chris Robinson, who was his bodyguard, and in this story, his Limo driver) and added Star to the team's roaster, there is one sub-plot that of a prison break by a villain Ultimatum that releases Joe Finkleberry, Finkleberry is essential to ending the battle between Freak Force and Frightening Force, killing Inhabitor and Star. Negate takes Finkleberry's powers from him returning him to a normal boy.
Dart is not part of the major story, she is on holiday with her lover Justice, one of Superpatriot's children, the other, Liberty appears heavily pregnant, having been impregnated by Martians during the Mars Attacks Image event, Ricochet is also revealed to be pregnant.
Freak Force were absorbed into The Dragon's S.O.S project, a government sponsored team replacing Youngblood who were killed during the Mars Attacks Image event (in truth Rob Liefeld creator of the team was no longer part of Image Comics after being voted out by his co-founders) Barbaric and Ricochet were married in Savage Dragon issue 41 to help a lucrative merchandising deal, Rapture was killed an issue later while on an S.O.S mission and Dart was crippled in issue 47, she later gained the powers of Mighty Man.
This Savage World.
After killing Damian Darklord, The Savage Dragon caused an alternate Earth to exist, and the Earth the previous Freak Force inhabited was destroyed. However all of the Freak Force existed in this world.
Superpatriot has been the most featured, along with Mighty Man, originally under the control of the villain Cyberface, who was now running America. He is now a major support role. Anne Stevens, alive in this reality, had never realized she could become Mighty Man, and had to be shown by The Dragon and has been gradually getting more adept at superheroics. Dart was recently killed during a battle between Mako and The Savage Dragon. Barbaric and Ricochet were part of a gladiatorial arena that also included Madman. Rapture was shown to be morbidly obese.
Analysis.
According to John M. Trushell, principal lecturer at the University of East London, independent titles were inclined to parody X-titles and Image Comics’ Freak Force, operating as bounty hunters and superheroes-for-hire, parodied X-Factor and X-Force.

</doc>
<doc id="6932806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932806" title="District 47">
District 47



</doc>
<doc id="6932810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932810" title="Carcross/Tagish First Nations">
Carcross/Tagish First Nations



</doc>
<doc id="6932812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932812" title="Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship">
Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship

The Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship (known for sponsorship reasons as the St Canice's Credit Union Senior Hurling Championship and abbreviated to the Kilkenny SHC) is an annual hurling competition organised by the Kilkenny County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association and contested by the top-ranking senior clubs in the county of Kilkenny in Ireland. It is the most prestigious competition in Kilkenny hurling.
Introduced in 1887 as the Kilkenny Hurling Championship, it was initially a straight knockout tournament open only to senior-ranking club teams. The championship has gone through a number of changes throughout the years, including the use of a round robin, before reverting to a straight knockout format.
In its current format, the Kilkenny Senior Championship begins in September with a first round series of games comprising eight teams, while the four remaining teams receive byes to the quarter-final stage. A team's finishing position in the Kilkenny Senior Hurling League determines at what stage they enter the championship. Four rounds of games are played, culminating with the final match at Nowlan Park in October. The winner of the Kilkenny Senior Championship, as well as being presented with the Tom Walsh Cup, qualifies for the subsequent Leinster Club Championship.
The competition has been won by 26 teams, 19 of which have won it more than once. Tullaroan and Ballyhale Shamrocks are the most successful teams in the tournament's history, having won it 20 times each. Thomastown are the title-holders, defeating O'Loughlin Gaels by 0-18 to 0-07 in the 2024 final.
History.
Beginnings.
Following the foundation of the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1884, new rules for Gaelic football and hurling were drawn up and published in the "United Irishman" newspaper. County committees were established over the next few years, with the Kilkenny County Board affiliating on 30 January 1887. The inaugural championship was contested by just four clubs, with Tullaroan winning the title after a defeat of Mooncoin. Since then the championship title has been awarded every year except on a handful of occasions. No championships took place in 1891, 1892 and 1912, while several championships between 1916 and 1922 were either cancelled or unfinished due to the Irish revolutionary period. The 1916 championship began in October 1916, however, because of martial law it wasn't completed until June 1919. It was decreed that the winner of the match would be declared champions for all three years.
Team dominance.
The first fifty years of the championship were dominated by Tullaroan based in North Kilkenny and Mooncoin in South Kilkenny, who built up an intense rivalry. Both clubs shared 29 championship titles between 1887 and 1952, however, since the introduction of Parish Rule in 1953, they have won just 3 titles between them. 
Other clubs who enjoyed limited periods of dominance during this time include city-based club Confederation, who won three titles between 1893 and 1896, and Dicksboro who won two titles from four final appearances during the 1920s. Carrickshock's dominance saw the club play in ten finals between 1938 and 1948, becoming the first team to win four successive championships from 1940 to 1943. Éire Óg also claimed four titles during this period. After a sixty-year hiatus Bennettsbridge returned to winning ways and claimed ten championship titles between 1952 and 1967. Fenians added their name to the roll of honour in 1970 before claiming four more championships before the end of the decade. In 1978 Ballyhale Shamrocks became the latest first-time champions and ushered in a new era of dominance by winning 10 more championship titles by 1991. As Ballyhale went into decline, Glenmore dominated the nineties by winning five championships between 1987 and 1999. The first decade of the new century saw O'Loughlin Gaels and James Stephens win two titles apiece, while Ballyhale Shamrocks ended the decade with four successive championships before winning four more in 2012, 2014, 2018 and 2019.
Format.
The Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship is a single elimination tournament. Each team is afforded just one defeat before being eliminated from the championship. Pairings for matches are drawn at random, however, there is a certain level of seeding based on league performance.
If a match is drawn there is a replay. If both sides are still level at the end of the replay there is a period of extra time and so on until a winner is found.
League.
The league begins with two groups of six teams. The teams are ranked in the group stage table by points gained, then scoring difference and then their head-to-head record. Following the completion of the league, the top two teams from each group receive byes to separate quarter-finals in the championship. The two third-placed teams plays the sixth-placed teams from the opposite group, and the two fourth-placed teams plays the fifth-placed teams in the first round of the championship.
Knockout Stage.
First round: 8 teams contest this round. The 4 winning teams advance directly to the quarter-final stage. The 4 losing teams are eliminated from the championship.
Quarter-finals: The four first round winners and the four teams given a bye contest this round. The four winners from these four games advance to the semi-finals.
Semi-finals: The four quarter-final winners contest this round. The two winners from these two games advance to the final.
Final: The two semi-final winners contest the final. The winning team are declared champions.
Relegation.
The four first round losers take part in a series of play-offs, with the losing team being relegated to the Kilkenny Intermediate Hurling Championship.
Qualification.
At the end of the championship, the winning team qualify to the subsequent Leinster Senior Club Hurling Championship.
Teams.
2025 Teams.
The 12 teams competing in the 2025 Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship are:
Sponsorship.
Since 1991 the Kilkenny County Championship has been sponsored by the St Canice's Credit Union.
Managers.
Managers in the Kilkenny Championship are involved in the day-to-day running of the team, including the training, team selection, and sourcing of players. Their influence varies from club-to-club and is related to the individual club committees. The manager is assisted by a team of two or three selectors and a backroom team consisting of various coaches.
List of finals.
List of Kilkenny SHC finals.
Notes:
Records.
Teams.
By decade.
The most successful team of each decade, judged by number of Kilkenny Senior Hurling Championship titles, is as follows:
Most consecutive wins (championship matches).
Ballyhale Shamrocks - 23 matches (1st round 2018 to semi-final 2023)
Gaps/wins.
Top ten longest gaps between championship titles:
Gaps/appearances.
Top ten longest gaps between appearances in a final (bold denotes a win):
Top scorers/team.
Final.
NOTES:

</doc>
<doc id="6932818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932818" title="Agrippina opera">
Agrippina opera



</doc>
<doc id="6932823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932823" title="Parliament of Hong Kong">
Parliament of Hong Kong



</doc>
<doc id="6932825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932825" title="Congress of Hong Kong">
Congress of Hong Kong



</doc>
<doc id="6932826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932826" title="First Nation of Na-cho Nyak Dun">
First Nation of Na-cho Nyak Dun



</doc>
<doc id="6932829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932829" title="Hong Kong Congress">
Hong Kong Congress



</doc>
<doc id="6932834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932834" title="Kanyaka (magazine)">
Kanyaka (magazine)

Kanyaka is an Indian Malayalam-language magazine primarily aimed at women. It is published fortnightly by Mangalam Publications, a publishing company based in Kottayam. The chief editor is Claramma Varghese, and the managing editor is Toshma Biju Varghese. Sajil Sreedhar is the editor-in-chief. The magazine's headquarters are in Mumbai, Maharashtra.
It includes current affairs, stories, poems, cartoons, interviews with celebrities and uncelebrated common personalities.

</doc>
<doc id="6932835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932835" title="Hong Kong Supreme Court">
Hong Kong Supreme Court



</doc>
<doc id="6932836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932836" title="Jay Johnson (politician)">
Jay Johnson (politician)

Jay Withington Johnson (September 30, 1943October 17, 2009) was an American politician and journalist who served as the 36th director of the United States Mint, and one-term member of the United States House of Representatives from Wisconsin. He was also a television news anchor in Green Bay, Wisconsin for WFRV-TV and WLUK-TV.
Early life and education.
Johnson was born in Bessemer, Michigan and graduated from Bessemer High School. He earned an associate degree in speech from Gogebic Community College in 1963 and a Bachelor of Arts degree in speech from Northern Michigan University in 1965. Johnson was an information specialist with the United States Army from 1966 until 1968. He was on the board of directors of the Wisconsin United Way. Johnson received a master's degree in radio and television arts from Michigan State University in 1970.
Career.
Journalism.
Johnson was a broadcaster and journalist working in Michigan, Indiana, and Florida before settling Green Bay, Wisconsin, where he worked for 16 years at WFRV-TV and WLUK-TV.
Politics.
In 1996, Johnson was elected to represent in the 105th United States Congress after 18-year incumbent Toby Roth chose not to run for a 10th term. He was the fourth Democrat to represent the district in the 20th century. He was defeated after one term by State Assemblyman Mark Green in 1998. In August 1999, Johnson was nominated by President Bill Clinton to become Director of the United States Mint. He was confirmed by the United States Senate in May 2000 and served until his successor was appointed by President George W. Bush in August 2001. After leaving the U.S. Mint, he was self-employed, selling wholesale coins and was the chief numismatist for The Franklin Mint.
On June 29, 2009, Goldline International, Inc., announced that Johnson had become a spokesperson for their company.
Death.
On October 17, 2009, Johnson died at his home in Bristow, Virginia, of an apparent heart attack. He was survived by his wife, JoLee, and his two stepchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="6932840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932840" title="Hugh de Sélincourt">
Hugh de Sélincourt

Hugh de Sélincourt (15 June 1878 – 20 January 1951) was an English author and journalist, chiefly remembered today for his timeless tale of village cricket, "The Cricket Match" (1924).
Biography.
De Sélincourt was born in Hampstead, a suburb of north London. His parents were Charles Alexandre De Sélincourt and Theodora Bruce Bendall. He was the youngest son of 11 children, among them Ernest and Agnes. He studied at Dulwich College before going on to University College, Oxford. During the 1910s, he worked as a journalist, initially as drama critic of the "Star" and later as literary critic of the "Observer". He continued to write book reviews for the "Observer" long after quitting his official post in 1914.
He had also published a few light-hearted novels – the first of these, "A Boy's Marriage", came out in 1907 – but after World War I broke out, his literary output took on a more serious note. As war ended in 1918, his writings too resumed their former gaiety, in novels such as "Young Mischief" and "Young 'Un". In 1924, "The Cricket Match" was published. This novel stands alongside A. G. Macdonell's "England, Their England" as one of the classic accounts of village cricket in English literature. The fictional village of Tillingfold was a recurring element in de Selincourt's work, and was based on his own village of Storrington at the foot of the South Downs.
In the immediate postwar years, Hugh and his wife Janet, lived at Sand Pit, a lush house in Sussex and had an open marriage. A close friend of Havelock Ellis, de Selincourt met Ellis's close friend, Margaret Sanger in 1920 and began an affair with her. When that ended he began an affair with Ellis's companion, Francoise Lafitte Cyon, which ended his friendship with Ellis.
"The Saturday Match" (1937) and "Gauvinier Takes to Bowls" (1948) were among de Selincourt's final books. He died in his home in Pulborough, Sussex at the age of 72. His widow Janet died in 1955.
Works.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="6932845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932845" title="Ta'an Kwäch'än Council">
Ta'an Kwäch'än Council



</doc>
<doc id="6932853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932853" title="Thomas Walter">
Thomas Walter

Thomas Walter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6932855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932855" title="Tr’ondëk Hwëch’in">
Tr’ondëk Hwëch’in



</doc>
<doc id="6932859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932859" title="Code Geass">
Code Geass

, often referred to as simply Code Geass, is a Japanese anime television series produced by Sunrise. It was directed by Gorō Taniguchi and written by Ichirō Ōkouchi, with original character designs by Clamp. Set in an alternate timeline, it follows the exiled prince Lelouch Lamperouge, who obtains the "power of absolute obedience" from a mysterious woman named C.C.. Using this supernatural power, known as Geass, he leads a rebellion against the rule of the Holy Britannian Empire, commanding a series of mecha battles.
"Code Geass" was broadcast in Japan on MBS from October 2006 to July 2007. Its sequel series, "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2", ran as a simulcast on MBS and TBS from April to September 2008. The series has also been adapted into various manga and light novels, with the former containing alternate scenarios from the TV series.
"Initiation", "Transgression", and "Glorification", a three-part compilation film recapping the events of both anime series' seasons while also altering storylines for various characters and establishing an alternate universe, was released between 2017 and 2018. A new original film titled "Code Geass Lelouch of the Re;surrection", taking place after the Zero Requiem of the film trilogy's alternate universe, was released in theaters in February 2019. "", an anime film series set in the same alternate universe, was announced in December 2020 as part of a 10-year plan. On 7 December 2024, after the screening of "Code Geass: Rozé of the Recapture," series producer Taniguchi revealed that multiple sequels are being produced.
Bandai Entertainment licensed most parts of the franchise for English release in December 2007, airing the series English-dubbed on Adult Swim in the United States. Most manga and light novels have also been published in North America by Bandai.
"Code Geass" has been well-received in Japan, selling over a million DVD and Blu-ray discs. Both seasons have won several awards at the Tokyo International Anime Fair, the "Animage" Anime Grand Prix, and the Animation Kobe event. It received critical acclaim for its story, voice acting, large audience appeal, the conflicts among its main characters, and the moral questions it presented. It is considered to be one of the best anime series of all time.
Synopsis.
Setting.
In an alternative timeline, the world is divided into three superpowers (similar to the world of "Nineteen Eighty-Four" by George Orwell): the Holy Britannian Empire (the Americas; also called Britannia), the Chinese Federation (Asia), and the Europa United (Europe and Africa). The story takes place after the Holy Britannian Empire's conquest of Japan on August 10, 2010, a.t.b., by means of Britannia's newest weapon, the "Autonomous Armored Knight," or "Knightmare Frame." In turn, Britannia effectively strips Japan and its citizens of all rights and freedoms and renames the country Area 11, with its citizens referred to as Elevens.
The point of divergence for this timeline appears to be that during the reign of Elizabeth I, though the queen remained unmarried, she bore a son (the fictional ancestor of the Britannian Emperors, Henry IX). However, several alternative timelines exist in the Code Geass universe, and the point of divergence may differ between each. The most common point of divergence in all timelines is in the Code Geass universe, Julius Caesar's invasions of Britain between 55 and 54 BC ended in failure when the British Celts united under Alwin the First. They forced the Romans out and established the First United British Kingdom in 54 BC, which became the first year of the Britannian Calendar (1 a.t.b, first year of Ascension Throne Britannia, with 55 BC as 1 b.t.b., first year Before Throne Britannia). While other Roman invasions had been followed, by 43 a.t.b.(12 BC) Britannia was recognized as an independent kingdom by the Roman Empire. As such, while many events in the Code Geass universe share similar dates with actual history, in truth they take place about half a century earlier (as with the French Revolution of 1789 a.t.b., or 1734 AD). Almost all timelines share a version of the Geass Order/Cult/Directorate, an organization that controls and uses Geass users and abilities and which is heavily involved with the Britannian Imperial Family.
Plot.
Lelouch vi Britannia is an exiled Britannian prince, the son of Emperor Charles zi Britannia and his royal consort Marianne vi Britannia. Lelouch has a little sister, Nunnally Vi Britannia. Marianne was brutally murdered in the palace, and Nunnally, who witnessed the murder of their mother, was so traumatized that she lost her sight, and stray bullets to her lower body took away her ability to walk. Lelouch is furious with his father, believing he failed his mother and sister by turning a blind eye to their mother's death and failing to pursue their mother's killer.
Lelouch and Nunnally are sent as political pawns to Japan to lull the Japanese government into a false sense of security. After the siblings are sent to Japan, Japan is attacked and defeated by Britannia. With the ruins of Japan as a background, Lelouch vows to his Japanese friend Suzaku Kururugi that he will one day obliterate Britannia as an act of vengeance against his father.
Seven years later, Lelouch (now going by the name Lelouch Lamperouge) is now a popular yet withdrawn student at Ashford Academy. Lelouch becomes involved in a terrorist attack and finds a mysterious girl called C.C. (C2), who saves Lelouch's life from the Britannian Royal Guard by making a contract with him and granting Lelouch a power known as . This power, also known as the , allows him to command anyone to do whatever he wants, including bending their will to live, fight, or die for him. This power can affect an individual just once and only through direct eye contact. Lelouch decides to use his Geass to find his mother's murderers, destroy the Britannian Empire, and create a better world where Nunnally can live happily. In the process, Lelouch becomes Zero, a masked vigilante and the leader of the resistance movement known as The Black Knights, gaining popularity and support among the Japanese on his way towards the rebellion of Britannia. However, this does not come without a cost. Caught up in a conflict where he does not know the full extent of his powers, Lelouch will have to battle Suzaku, a resistance member named Kallen Stadtfeld, the strongest army in the world, his own half-siblings, and many others in a battle that will forever change the world.
Production.
"Code Geass" began as a concept developed at Sunrise by Ichirō Ōkouchi and Gorō Taniguchi, who proposed it to producer Yoshitaka Kawaguchi. Kawaguchi had previously approached Okouchi and Taniguchi during the production of "Planetes". The basic idea for the plot consisted of a "hero" who led a secret organization, which later developed into a conflict between two characters with different values and who belonged to the same military unit, who eventually became Lelouch Lamperouge and Suzaku Kururugi.
During these initial planning stages, Kawaguchi also contacted the noted manga artist group Clamp. This was the first time Clamp had ever been requested to design the characters of an anime series. Clamp signed onto the project early during these development stages and provided numerous ideas, which helped develop the series' setting and characters.
While developing the character designs for Lelouch, the protagonist of the series, Clamp originally designed his hair color to be white. Ageha Ohkawa, head writer at Clamp, said she had visualized him as a character to which "everyone" could relate as being "cool," literally, a "beauty." During these planning stages, Clamp and the Sunrise staff discussed a number of possible inspirations for the characters, including KinKi Kids and Tackey &amp; Tsubasa. They had wanted to create a "hit show," a series that would appeal to "everyone." Lelouch's alter ego, Zero, was one of the earliest developed characters, with Ōkouchi having wanted a mask to be included as a part of the series, feeling it was necessary for it to be a Sunrise show, and Clamp wanting a unique design never prior seen in any Sunrise series (said mask was nicknamed "tulip" for its distinctive design).
The concept for the Geass may have been inspired by the Irish and Welsh legends of "Geas" or "Geis." A geas is a compulsion laid on someone to do or not do something. While the geas itself does not lie on any spectrum, the benefits or actions of it may be decidedly benevolent or malevolent. The concept fits into the wider fictional world and its lore of British inspirations.
Clamp's finalized original character design art, illustrated by its lead artist Mokona, was subsequently converted into animation character designs for the series by Sunrise's character designer Takahiro Kimura, who had previously spent "every day" analyzing Clamp's art and style from their art books and manga series. In working on the animation character designs, he focused on designing them so as to enable the series' other animators to apply them without deviating from Clamp's original art style.
The music for the series was composed by Kōtarō Nakagawa and Hitomi Kuroishi, who had earlier worked with the series' core staff in "Planetes" and Taniguchi's earlier work, "Gun X Sword". In addition to the incidental music featured in each episode, Kuroishi also composed numerous insert songs for the series, including "Stories," "Masquerade," "Alone," and "Innocent Days," which were each performed by Kuroishi herself, while "Picaresque" and "Callin'" were performed by the singer-songwriter Mikio Sakai, who had also earlier worked with Nakagawa and Kuroishi in "Planetes". The bands FLOW, Ali Project, Jinn, SunSet Swish, Access, and Orange Range have provided songs for the opening and ending themes in the original broadcast.
When the series was being developed for broadcast on MBS TV, it had been given the network's Saturday evening prime time slot, which was later changed to a Thursday late-night time slot. Due to this change, the overall outlook and some elements of the series were changed and further developed to suit the more mature, late-night audience. The supernatural "Geass" ability finally came into the show at this point and was first conceived as a special power granted by an "angel" to the main characters, though this last part was also modified.
Media.
Anime.
"Code Geass" officially premiered on the Mainichi Broadcasting System (MBS) television station on October 5, 2006 (01:25 JST on October 6, 2006). Its satellite television premiere across Japan on Animax was on November 7, 2006. Upon the airing of the first 23 episodes, the series went on hiatus on March 29, 2007, and completed the broadcast of the first series with a contiguous one-hour broadcast of episodes 24 and 25 on Saturday, July 28, 2007.
The immense popularity of "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion" followed with the development of its sequel, , which was first announced on the March 2007 issue of "Newtype" and later confirmed by Sunrise producer Yoshitaka Kawaguchi on the series' official staff blog on March 9, 2007.
"Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2" premiered on all Japan News Network (JNN) member stations (like MBS and TBS) on April 6, 2008, in the primetime anime timeslot, with the timeslot changing from 18:00 JST on Saturdays to 17:00 JST on Sundays. Prior to the series' television broadcast, three private preview screenings of episode 1 were held on March 15 and March 16 in Osaka and Tokyo respectively, which was attended by the series' Japanese voice actors as well as a pool of 3800 randomly selected applicants. On April 15, 2008, at 17:00 JST, the last 6 minutes of the then unaired third episode was accidentally posted onto the Internet due to an error by Bandai Channel, Bandai's online broadcast channel and the series online distributor, in the midst of testing a system preventing illegal online uploads.
The picture drama was based on a live event held in Tokyo, Japan, on Lelouch's birthday.
Another OVA anime titled was announced and revealed through the anime's official website. Takahiro Kimura did the character designs for the series. Makoto Baba was assigned as the director of the OVA, while episode scriptwriter Yuuichi Nomura and music composer Kotaro Nakagawa returned for the said project. In the story, Lelouch makes the ultimate use of his Geass for his little sister Nunnally, who loves Alice in Wonderland. The Blu-ray was released by Bandai Visual on July 27, 2012, with English subtitles and bundled with a 40-page picture book.
"Akito the Exiled".
A new "Code Geass" series was first revealed on December 5, 2009. In April 2010, it was officially revealed that a new "Code Geass" side story anime called would be directed by Kazuki Akane ("The Vision of Escaflowne"). The side story is an OVA series set in Europe during the Britannian invasion of the continent between "Lelouch of the Rebellion"s two seasons. Originally intended to be released in four chapters, production of a fifth "Akito the Exiled" episode was announced after the Japanese debut of the third entry on May 2, 2015. Along with the two seasons of the television series, the OVAs are licensed by Funimation. In January 2016, Manga Entertainment, which licensed the series in the UK, listed that they would release the first two episodes on Blu-ray with an English dub on December 5, 2016. They later changed the date to April 10, 2017, and as of most recently, the release is now scheduled to be on October 1, 2017. Madman Entertainment has also released the first three episodes on DVD. Funimation announced it would release the series in early 2017. On March 15, 2017, Funimation officially announced the pre-order and release date, June 27, 2017. The release will be a Blu-ray and DVD combo pack with both subbed and dubbed audio. The picture drama has been released in only Japan and Italy.
Films.
A three-part theatrical compilation anime film of the TV anime was released, with the first film titled released on October 21, 2017. The second film titled was released on February 10, 2018. The film placed 8th in the mini-theater ranking on its opening weekend. The third compilation film, titled , was released in theaters on May 26, 2018. Each film has several changes to the storyline as Taniguchi stated, to give it more of a "what if" scenario leading to the new film.
 movie was announced on November 27, 2016. It was released in theaters in Japan on February 9, 2019. It takes place in the alternate continuity established in the recap films and is a sequel to the "Zero Requiem" arc of that continuity.
A new anime titled "Code Geass: Z of the Recapture" was announced on December 5, 2020, Lelouch's birthday. The new anime project is part of a new 10-year plan for the franchise by Studio Sunrise, with Yoshimitsu Ohashi is directing the anime, Noboru Kimura writing the scripts, and Takahiro Kimura returning to design the characters. It was later announced to be a four-part film series titled "", with the first part releasing in Japanese theatres on May 10, 2024, the second releasing on June 7, the third releasing on July 5, and the fourth releasing on August 2. The film series was also streamed worldwide on Disney+ streaming service's Hulu and Star content hub in a 12-episode series format. In celebration of the new anime, the "Code Geass Lelouch of the Re;surrection" movie was re-released in 4D in Japanese theaters on January 29, 2021.
International licensing.
Both seasons of "Code Geass" have been licensed for release in the United States by Bandai Entertainment, and the first season began airing on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim programming block in the U.S. on April 27, 2008; the second began airing on November 2, immediately following the first season. The series finale premiered on June 7, 2009, ending the second season and the rest of the story. On April 23, 2010, Adult Swim's broadcast rights to the series expired.
Following the closure of Bandai Entertainment in 2012, Sunrise announced at their official panel during Otakon 2013 that Funimation has rescued both seasons of "Code Geass" and, in addition, licensed "Akito the Exiled", along with a handful of other former Bandai Entertainment titles.
In Australia and New Zealand, the series is sub-licensed to Madman Entertainment by Bandai Entertainment USA and began airing on Australian channel ABC2 on January 19, 2009. As of 2018, it is available on Australian Netflix.
In the Philippines, the first season of "Code Geass" premiered on November 10, 2008, weekday nights at 7:30 p.m. PST, and ended on December 15, 2008, through TV5, while season 2 premiered on May 4, 2009, and ended on June 5, 2009, weekday nights at 6:00 p.m. PST, with a weekend afternoon recap of the week's episodes also on TV5. Despite the poor ratings it attained due to competition with local TV newscasts and prime-time soaps, the series was able to gain a huge following and became one of the most talked-about anime series in the country during its run. "Code Geass" had its Philippine cable premiere on July 27, 2010 through Hero TV.
In Italy, the first season aired from September 23, 2009, to February 25, 2010 on Rai 4, while season 2 was broadcast on Rai 4 from March 4, 2010 to August 12, 2010; both seasons were broadcast at about 11:10 p.m..
Sunrise announced at its Anime Boston panel on Friday that Funimation had licensed the remake film trilogy.
Funimation announced that they had licensed the "Code Geass Lelouch of the Re;surrection" film for its North American theatrical release in May 2019.
Manga.
Kadokawa Shoten has published four separate manga adaptations, each containing an alternate storyline. The first four manga series have been licensed for an English-language release in North America by Bandai Entertainment. The first, "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion", by Majiko~! and originally serialized in "Monthly Asuka", focused on the protagonist of the series, Lelouch Lamperouge, with few differences from the anime's basic storyline. The most noticeable difference from the anime version is the absence of the Knightmare frames. Its chapters were collected in eight volumes released from December 26, 2008, to March 26, 2010. Bandai's English adaptation of the series was published from July 29, 2008, to February 15, 2011.
The second manga is . It was written by Atsuro Yomino and serialized in "Beans A" magazine. It focuses on the character Suzaku Kururugi in an alternate reality, where he fights against the criminal organization known as the Black Knights. While initially bearing a strong resemblance to its source, the manga is a tokusatsu show where the Lancelot mecha is now a bodysuit that Suzaku wears (the suit makes a cameo appearance as a costume in the 21st episode of the first season of the anime); further, the characters of Cecile Croomy and Euphemia li Britannia are composited as Mariel Lubie. It was released in two volumes on June 26, 2007 and September 26, 2008. The first English volume was released on January 6, 2009, and the second followed it on October 13, 2009.
, serialized in "Comp Ace" and written by Tomomasa Takuma, focuses on Lelouch's sister, Nunnally Lamperouge, who goes into searching for her missing brother when her health is restored by an entity named Nemo. It was published in five volumes from June 26, 2007 to April 25, 2009. The English volumes were published from June 9, 2009, to March 23, 2010.
A fourth manga adaptation, , was serialized in Kerokero Ace. Set in an alternate 1853, Lelouch is the commander of the Shogunate's military counterinsurgence brigade known as the Shinsengumi, which fights the Black Revolutionaries, a rebel group led by a masked individual known as Rei. It was released in a single volume on October 25, 2010, while the English version was published on May 10, 2011.
In late 2009, Bandai announced a new project greenlit for 2010. A manga, titled , was the first product announced. The story takes place in the same official "Code Geass" history as the anime, but in a different era, with the anime director Goro Taniguchi scripting the story. The title character, Renya, is a 17-year-old boy who encounters a mysterious, perpetually young witch named "Reifū C.C." who has appeared in Japan's historical Edo era to seek a new partner for a covenant. It began publication in the May 2010 issue of "Shōnen Ace". Bandai Entertainment announced that it will publish the manga in English, as with the other adaptations. On January 2, 2012, as a part of Bandai Entertainment's announced restructuring, they have since, among other titles, revoked publishing of "Code Geass: Renya of Darkness" for English release.
Audio CDs.
The series has been adapted into a series of drama CDs called "Sound Episodes", the first of which was released in Japan in April 2007 by Victor Entertainment, with new volumes released monthly. Written by many of the same writers as the series, these episodes are set between episodes and feature theme songs performed by the series voice actors. They have also been available online on a limited streaming basis on the Japanese internet website Biglobe.
In total, twelve drama CDs have been released. The first six, released between April 25, 2007 and September 27, 2007, cover the first season of the series, with the other six focusing on the second season.
Soundtrack.
The music for the series, which is composed by Kōtarō Nakagawa and Hitomi Kuroishi, has been released across two original soundtracks, which are produced by Yoshimoto Ishikawa and released by Victor Entertainment. The first was released in Japan on December 20, 2006, and the second was released on March 24, 2007. The covers and jackets for both soundtracks were illustrated by Takahiro Kimura.
Light novels.
"Code Geass" ('Code Geass') has been additionally novelized into a series of light novels. First serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's "The Sneaker" magazine, they are divided into two separate series corresponding with the series' two seasons. The first series, "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion", spanned five volumes, with the first, labeled as volume 0, released in Japan on April 28, 2007, and the last on March 1, 2008. All five volumes in the first series of novels have been released in English by Bandai Visual. The first volume was released in November 2008, and the last one on February 23, 2010. The first novel acts as a prologue, focusing on how Lelouch befriended Suzaku Kururugi when the former prince and his sister, Nunnally Lamperouge, were sent to Japan as political hostages.
The second novel series, "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2", covers the second season of the anime series, in which Lelouch continues his battle against the Britannian Empire. It was released in four volumes from June 1, 2008, to March 1, 2009. A single-volume side story novel, , was released on April 1, 2008, in Japan. It focuses on the life of teenager Kallen Stadtfeld, who becomes a soldier for the organization the Black Knights under Lelouch's leadership to defeat Britannia. On January 3, 2012, the English publication of the light novel adaptation of R2 was cancelled as part of Bandai Entertainment's planned restructuring, which had been announced the day before.
Video games.
The series was also slated to be adapted into a series of video games, developed for the Nintendo DS, PlayStation Portable, and PlayStation 2 platforms, and published by Namco Bandai Games. All three games have been available in only Japanese, although an incomplete, unofficial patch for the Nintendo DS game exists on the internet that partially translates the game into English. A release on the Wii platform was cancelled for unknown reasons.
The official website for the first Nintendo DS game launched on July 16, 2007, with the game being released a few months later, on October 25.
A second game, titled "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion Lost Colors", was developed for the PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 2 and released in Japan on March 27, 2008. It is a visual novel game that follows a new protagonist named , who suffers from amnesia. He has a Geass ability similar to Lelouch's but activated by voice.
The third game for the Nintendo DS is a collection of minigames featuring chibi forms of the characters. The player moves along a board through dice rolls, landing on different spots to activate minigames. The minigames are parody-style events with multiple genres. These include helping Jeremiah grow oranges, racing against C.C. and Shirley in swimming, and a side-scrolling beat-em-up featuring Kallen in Guren-like armor.
"Code Geass R2" appeared in From Software ("Demon's Souls", "Armored Core") and Banpresto's PlayStation 3 exclusive mecha action game "Another Century's Episode R", released in Japan in August 2010 and in which both versions of Suzaku's Lancelot, Lelouch's Shinkiro, both versions of Kallen's Guren, and C.C.'s Akatsuki are playable. A fourth installment of the ACE franchise for the PlayStation Portable, Another Century's Episode Portable, included Suzaku's Lancelot Albion and Lelouch/Zero's Shinkiro.
"Code Geass" characters have appeared as costumes in the Japanese version of the PlayStation 3 game "Tales of Graces F". These characters are Zero, Suzaku, C.C., and Kallen. These costumes were never released in the US version for unknown reasons. It was discontinued for download on September 27, 2019.
On December 5, 2020, a mobile game called "Code Geass: Genesic Re;CODE" was announced as part of the 10-year plan by Studio Sunrise. Considered a direct sequel, the smartphone game featured stories about the "Code Geass" characters, including several new ones. It was released on October 4, 2021. The game's server terminated in April 2023.
"Code Geass: Lost Stories" is a mobile game developed by f4samurai and DMM Games. It is a social game for smart phones and PCs. It launched in May 2022.
Artbooks.
Two artbooks featuring illustrations of the series, "Code Geass Graphics Zero" () and "Code Geass Graphics Ashford" (), have been published in Japan. Coinciding with the release of the second season of "Code Geass" was the publication of another artbook, "Code Geass – Lelouch of the Rebellion illustrations Rebels" (), which featured 134 art pieces from the first season. Another 95-page artbook titled "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion – The Complete Artbook" () has also been published. Finally, CLAMP, the well-known manga artist team that did the designs for Code Geass, put out their own artbook, entitled Code Geass x CLAMP: Mutuality.
Internet radio broadcasts.
"Code Geass" has also been adapted into a series of weekly internet radio broadcasts, which were streamed online on the BEAT☆Net Radio! portal, the first of which, , began streaming on October 6, 2006. It featured Sayaka Ohara (the voice actor of Milly Ashford) and Satomi Arai (the voice actor of Sayoko Shinazaki). The second, , was first streamed on December 12, 2006, and was hosted by Jun Fukuyama (the voice actor of Lelouch) and Noriaki Sugiyama (the voice actor of Rivalz). During "R2", a new show named was streamed, hosted by Fukuyama and Takahiro Sakurai (voice actor of Suzaku). 
Reception.
Critical response.
"Code Geass" was met with critical acclaim and commercial success. Anime News Network's columnist Todd Ciolek attributed the popularity of "Code Geass" to "the series hitting every important fan sector," including a "complex cast of characters and a fast-paced story, told with Goro Taniguchi's capable direction" for "general-interest fans" to "pretty and just-a-little-broken heroes" for "yaoi-buying female fans." Carl Kimlinger also finds that the series "has the skill and energy to carry viewers over the top with it, where they can spend a pleasurable few hours reveling in its melodramatic charms." He also adds that Taniguchi "executes the excesses of his series with care, skillfully intercutting events as Lelouch's plans come together (or fall apart) and using kinetic mecha combat."
T.H.E.M. Anime Reviews reviewer Dallas Marshall gave the series 6 out of 7 stars, stating, "a melodramatic piece of science fiction that has more than enough going for it in terms of action and visuals but tends to go overboard with its emotionalism. If this minor flaw can be overlooked, there is an epic story to be told with a rather intriguing main character at the helm. Take away one star if that minor 'flaw' cannot be ignored."
A less favorable review was given by Carlo Santos of Anime News Network, who gave it an overall "C" and wrote that the franchise "in a way, [...] reflects the malaise of a generation: the realization that old, rich, powerful people have screwed up the world and that the young are helpless to do anything about it." According to him, Lelouch's actions exemplify the wish to see problems like "economic collapse, class conflict, political instability, and radical extremism" solved by "Zero's vigilante methods," but Santos expresses doubt in such an approach and concludes that "the series is at its best when raising questions rather than offering a final solution" (the review is focused on the manga adaptation of the story, which has certain differences compared with the original anime).
Home video sales.
By August 2008, over 900,000 "Code Geass" discs had been sold in Japan. Reportedly, Bandai Visual shipped over one million DVD and Blu-ray discs related to the "Code Geass" franchise by November 2008, placing it among the most popular contemporary anime series in both Japan and North America. In 2008, the first volume of "R2" was the fourth-bestselling anime DVD and Blu-ray disc in Japan, according to Amazon.com.
Box office.
Episodes 1, 3, and 5 of "Akito the Exiled" were screened theatrically in Japan between 2012 and 2016, with episode 1 grossing ¥35,112,097 () in 2012 and episodes 3 and 5 grossing ¥216,957,460 () during 20152016. Combined, the three episodes grossed ¥252,069,557 () at the Japanese box office.
During 2017–2018, Code Geass launched three theatrical recap movies in Japan (October 21, February 10, and May 26, respectively), across 79 theaters. The first part, "The Awakening Path", grossed ¥67,954,086.40 opening night, rising to number #8 on the charts. "The Rebellion Path" grossed ¥57,241,203.20 during its opening premiere, ranking #7 on the charts. "The Imperial Path" grossed ¥67,864,834,800 on its opening day and debuted at #8 on the charts. The film trilogy grossed a total of ¥647,802,700 in Japan.
Accolades.
"Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion" has collected numerous awards and accolades since its premiere. At the sixth annual Tokyo Anime Awards held at the 2007 Tokyo International Anime Fair, "Code Geass" won the best anime television series award. The second season also got the award for "Best Screenplay" at the 2009 Tokyo Anime Fair. In noted Japanese anime magazine "Animage"s 29th Annual Anime Grand Prix, "Code Geass" won the most popular series award, with Lelouch Lamperouge also being chosen as the most popular male character and "Colors" being chosen as the most popular song. In the 30th Annual Anime Grand Prix, Lelouch won first place again, and C.C. was voted the most popular female character. At the first Seiyu Awards held in 2007, Jun Fukuyama won the award for best voice actor in a leading role for his performance as Lelouch Lamperouge in the series, while Ami Koshimizu won the award for best voice actress in a supporting role for her performance as Kallen Stadtfeld.
Furthermore, "Code Geass" won the award for Best TV Animation at the twelfth Animation Kobe event, held annually in Kobe, Hyōgo Prefecture, with "R2" taking the award in the following year. In the 2009 Seiun Award, "Code Geass R2" was a nominee in the category "Best Media Award."

</doc>
<doc id="6932868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932868" title="Horst Mühlmann">
Horst Mühlmann

Horst Herbert Erich Mühlmann (2 January 1940 – 17 November 1991) was a professional footballer and American football player. He was a placekicker in the American Football League (AFL) and the National Football League (NFL) for nine seasons. He played for the Kansas City Chiefs (1969), the Cincinnati Bengals (1969–1974) and the Philadelphia Eagles (1975–1977).
Mühlmann was born in Dortmund, Germany. After high school, he worked as a bricklayer and part-time footballer. He played as a goalkeeper for Schalke 04 from 1961 to 1966, including the first ever Bundesliga season in 1963–64. In 1968, he played soccer in the North American Soccer League (NASL) for the Kansas City Spurs.
His professional career in American football began in 1969 with the Kansas City Chiefs when he was 29 years old. Mühlmann quickly established a reputation as one of the longest kickers in the game. On 4 September 1971, in a pre-season encounter with the Green Bay Packers, he launched each of his six kickoffs over the crossbar into the endzone denying the Packers a single kickoff return yard. Mühlmann was the first kicker since the AFL-NFL merger to connect on field goals of 50 yards or more in three consecutive games. This record has only been matched by three other players: Tom Dempsey (1971), Chris Bahr (1981) and Jason Elam (1996). Mühlmann held the Bengals team record for consecutive extra points (101) until it was broken by Doug Pelfrey in 1997. Mühlmann still holds or shares several Bengals regular season and post season individual kicking records. In 1970 he set a franchise record by making four 50-yard field goals in one season, which would stand until broken by Evan McPherson in 2021.
The money Mühlmann earned during his time in the U.S. he invested in an apartment house in Selm where he lived with his family until he died from a chronic lung disease. The "Horst Mühlmann Bars" are located in the North and South endzones on the Plaza level of Cincinnati's Paycor Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="6932874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932874" title="Janabahaadya">
Janabahaadya

Janabahaadya (Nepal Bhasa:जनबहा:द्य, Sanskrit: आर्यावलोकिर्तेश्वर) is one of the deities of Vajrayana Buddhism. Also known as Seto Machhendranath.

</doc>
<doc id="6932876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932876" title="Grupo Tampico">
Grupo Tampico

GT Global (formerly Grupo Tampico) is one of the largest companies in northeastern Mexico. It is located in Tampico, Tamaulipas. GT Global's main products are finance, automobiles, plastics and tourism services.
History.
GT Global (formerly Grupo Tampico) began in 1912 as "La Pureza", a soft drink company, under the leadership of Leo Fleishman. His son H. H. Fleishman led the development of the second-generation companies of the group. He also negotiated with The Coca-Cola Company so that, in 1926, Tampico became the first city in Mexico to bottle Coca-Cola.
His son, H. H. "Jack" Fleishman, later continued with the growth and diversification of the third-generation companies of Grupo Tampico. Today, Herman H. Fleishman, a son of H. H. "Jack", is the President and CEO of GT Global while his brother, Robert A. Fleishman is Vice President and Chief Operating Officer.
GT Global is today, with its leading brands of products and services, one of the most important business organizations in northeastern Mexico, with a presence in the states of Tamaulipas, Veracruz, San Luis Potosí, Jalisco, Nuevo León, Coahuila and the State of Mexico.
In 2006 GT Global opened a new Coca-Cola bottling plant in Altamira, named "La Pureza" after the original name of GT Global which Leo Fleishman founded in 1912.
On 29 June 2011, was announced that FEMSA will merge to the bottling division of Grupo Tampico, agreeing to pay $9.3 billion pesos ($790 million dollars) in stock for the Coca-Cola bottling operations of Grupo Tampico.

</doc>
<doc id="6932879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932879" title="Aurora kinase A">
Aurora kinase A

Aurora kinase A also known as serine/threonine-protein kinase 6 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the "AURKA" gene.
Aurora A is a member of a family of mitotic serine/threonine kinases. It is implicated with important processes during mitosis and meiosis whose proper function is integral for healthy cell proliferation. Aurora A is activated by one or more phosphorylations and its activity peaks during the G2 phase to M phase transition in the cell cycle.
Discovery.
The aurora kinases were first identified in 1990 during a cDNA screen of "Xenopus" eggs. The kinase discovered, Eg2, is now referred to as Aurora A. However, Aurora A's meiotic and mitotic significance was not recognized until 1998.
Aurora kinase family.
The human genome contains three members of the aurora kinase family: Aurora kinase A, Aurora kinase B and Aurora C kinase. The "Xenopus", "Drosophila", and "Caenorhabditis elegans" genomes, on the other hand, contain orthologues only to Aurora A and Aurora B.
In all studied species, the three Aurora mitotic kinases localize to the centrosome during different phases of mitosis. The family members have highly conserved C-terminal catalytic domains. Their N-terminal domains, however, exhibit a large degree of variance in the size and sequence.
Aurora A and Aurora B kinases play important roles in mitosis. The Aurora kinase A is associated with centrosome maturation and separation and thereby regulates spindle assembly and stability. The Aurora kinase B is a chromosome passenger protein and regulates chromosome segregation and cytokinesis.
Although there is evidence to suggest that Aurora C might be a chromosomal passenger protein, the cellular function of it is less clear.
Localization.
Aurora A localizes next to the centrosome late in the G1 phase and early in the S phase. As the cell cycle progresses, concentrations of Aurora A increase and the kinase associates with the mitotic poles and the adjacent spindle microtubules. Aurora A remains associated with the spindles through telophase. Right before mitotic exit, Aurora A relocalizes to the mid-zone of the spindle.
Mitosis.
During mitosis, a mitotic spindle is assembled by using microtubules to tether together the mother centrosome to its daughter. The resulting mitotic spindle is then used to propel apart the sister chromosomes into what will become the two new daughter cells. Aurora A is critical for proper formation of mitotic spindle. It is required for the recruitment of several different proteins important to the spindle formation. Among these target proteins are TACC, a microtubule-associated protein that stabilizes centrosomal microtubules and Kinesin 5, a motor protein involved in the formation of the bipolar mitotic spindle. γ-tubulins, the base structure from which centrosomal microtubules polymerize, are also recruited by Aurora A. Without Aurora A the centrosome does not accumulate the quantity of γ-tubulin that normal centrosomes recruit prior to entering anaphase. Though the cell cycle continues even in the absence of sufficient γ-tubulin, the centrosome never fully matures; it organizes fewer aster microtubules than normal.
Furthermore, Aurora A is necessary for the proper separation of the centrosomes after the mitotic spindle has been formed. Without Aurora A, the mitotic spindle, depending on the organism, will either never separate or will begin to separate only to collapse back onto itself. In the case of the former, it has been suggested that Aurora A cooperates with the kinase Nek2 in "Xenopu"s to dissolve the structure tethering the cell's centrosomes together. Therefore, without proper expression of Aurora A, the cell's centrosomes are never able to separate.
Aurora A also assures proper organization and alignment of the chromosomes during prometaphase. It is directly involved in the interaction of the kinetochore, the part of the chromosome at which the mitotic spindle attaches and pulls, and the mitotic spindle's extended microtubules. It is speculated that Aurora B cooperates with Aurora A to complete this task. In the absence of Aurora A mad2, a protein that normally dissipates once a proper kinetochore-microtubule connection is made, remains present even into metaphase.
Finally, Aurora A helps orchestrate an exit from mitosis by contributing to the completion of cytokinesis- the process by which the cytoplasm of the parent cell is split into two daughter cells. During cytokinesis the mother centriole returns to the mid-body of the mitotic cell at the end of mitosis and causes the central microtubules to release from the mid-body. The release allows mitosis to run to completion. Though the exact mechanism by which Aurora A aids cytokinesis is unknown, it is well documented that it relocalizes to the mid-body immediately before the completion of mitosis.
Intriguingly, abolishment of Aurora A through RNAi interference results in different mutant phenotypes in different organisms and cell types. For example, deletion of Aurora A in "C. elegans" results in an initial separation of the cell's centrosomes followed by an immediate collapse of the asters. In "Xenopus", deletion disallows the mitotic spindle from ever even forming. And in "Drosophila", flies without Aurora A will effectively form spindles and separate but the aster microtubules will be dwarfed. These observations suggests that while Aurora-A has orthologues in many different organisms, it may play a similar but slightly different role in each.
Meiosis.
Aurora A phosphorylation directs the cytoplasmic polyadenylation translation of mRNA's, like the MAP kinase kinase kinase protein MOS, that are vital to the completion of meiosis in Xenopus Oocytes. Prior to the first meiotic metaphase, Aurora A induces the synthesis of MOS. The MOS protein accumulates until it exceeds a threshold and then transduces the phosphorylation cascade in the map kinase pathway. This signal subsequently activates the kinase RSK which in turn binds to the protein Myt1. Myt1, in complex with RSK, is now unable to inhibit cdc2. As a consequence, cdc2 permits entry into meiosis. A similar Aurora A dependent process regulates the transition from meiosis I-meiosis II.
Furthermore, Aurora A has been observed to have a biphasic pattern of activation during progression through meiosis. It has been suggested that the fluctuations, or phases, of Aurora A activation are dependent on a positive-feedback mechanism with a p13SUC1-associated protein kinase
Protein translation.
Aurora A is not only implicated with the translation of MOS during meiosis but also in the polyadenylation and subsequent translation of neural mRNAs whose protein products are associated with synaptic plasticity.
Clinical significance.
Aurora A dysregulation has been associated with high occurrence of cancer. For example, one study showed over-expression of Aurora A in 94 percent of the invasive tissue growth in breast cancer, while surrounding, healthy tissues had normal levels of Aurora A expression. Aurora A has also been shown to be involved in the Epithelial–mesenchymal transition and Neuroendocrine Transdifferentiation of Prostate Cancer cells in aggressive disease.
Dysregulation of Aurora A may lead to cancer because Aurora A is required for the completion of cytokinesis. If the cell begins mitosis, duplicates its DNA, but is then not able to divide into two separate cells it becomes an aneuploid- containing more chromosomes than normal. Aneuploidy is a trait of many cancerous tumors. Ordinarily, Aurora A expression levels are kept in check by the tumor suppressor protein p53.
Mutations of the chromosome region that contains Aurora A, 20q13, are generally considered to have a poor prognosis.
Osimertinib and rociletinib, two anti cancer drugs for lung cancer, work by shutting off mutant EGFR, which initially kills cancerous tumors, but the tumors rewire and activate Aurora kinase A, becoming cancerous growths again. According to a 2018 study, targeting both EGFR and Aurora prevents return of drug resistant tumors.
Interactions.
Aurora A kinase has been shown to interact with:

</doc>
<doc id="6932882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932882" title="Herbert West—Reanimator">
Herbert West—Reanimator



</doc>
<doc id="6932883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932883" title="Ismarus (wasp)">
Ismarus (wasp)

Ismarus is a genus of wasps belonging to the family Ismaridae. About 50 species are known in this small relictual group, all of which appear to be hyperparasitoids that parasitize Dryinidae (that attack leafhoppers).
"Ismarus" was formerly included in the family Diapriidae, but differ from diapriid wasps by lacking a facial projection from which the antenna arise, and characterized by various degrees of fusion of the metasomal terga.
Taxonomy.
Its parent family, Ismaridae, previously included two genera, "Ismarus" and "Szelenyioprioides", but the latter genus was synonymized with the diapriid genus "Spilomicrus".

</doc>
<doc id="6932891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932891" title="Minister for National Economy (Greece)">
Minister for National Economy (Greece)



</doc>
<doc id="6932894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932894" title="MIRA Foundation">
MIRA Foundation



</doc>
<doc id="6932895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932895" title="Baron Younger of Prestwick">
Baron Younger of Prestwick



</doc>
<doc id="6932905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932905" title="Anglo-Ethiopian Treaty of 1897">
Anglo-Ethiopian Treaty of 1897

The Anglo-Ethiopian Treaty of 1897 (sometimes called the Rodd Treaty) was an agreement signed between the British and Ethiopian Empire, negotiated between diplomat Sir Rennell Rodd and Emperor Menelik II of Ethiopia. The treaty primarily focused on border issues between the two empires in Somali inhabited regions that they had expanded into over the previous decade. Signed in May 1897, the agreement saw the British cede large tracts of Somali territory to Ethiopia, without the consent or knowledge of Somalis that were legally under their protection. 
Ethiopia's legal claim to much of the Ogaden going into the 20th century rested on the treaty, which was rejected by the Somali Republic when it gained independence in 1960.
Background.
During the 1880s, the armies of Emperor Menelik II of Ethiopia began pushing into the Somali inhabited Ogaden region. This coincided with British, Italian and French colonial advances into the Somali inhabited lands of the Horn of Africa. The large scale importation of European arms to Menelik completely upset the balance of power between the Somalis and the Ethiopian Empire, as the colonial powers blocked Somalis from receiving firearms under the Brussels Act of 1890, which Ethiopia was a signatory to. In response to the threat of Menelik's expansions, many clans in what became the protectorate of British Somaliland accepted British protection. The agreements dictated the protection of Somali rights and the maintenance of independence. In exchange for commercial privileges for British merchants in Ethiopia and the neutrality of Menelik II in the Mahdist War, the British signed a major agreement ceding large parts of Somali lands to Ethiopia, despite being a legal breach of the legal obligation made by the protectorate.
The treaty consisted of several articles, including:
This treaty was one of several concerning the borders of Ethiopia which were negotiated and signed in the ten years that followed the Ethiopian victory at the Battle of Adwa.
The boundary defined in this treaty was not demarcated until 1932, in response to "Ras" Tafari Makonnen's desire, which he expressed during his visit to Europe in 1924, to demarcate all of the boundaries of Ethiopia. E.H.M. Clifford explains that "negotiations to this end proceeded slowly but on the whole surely, and at the end of 1930 reached the stage of definite preparations; but the Boundary Commission did not actually meet until 8 January 1932, at Berbera." Clifford afterwards participated in the subsequent demarcation, which extended from the Italian-British boundary demarcated in 1929–1930 at , west to the trijunction point where the boundaries of French Somaliland met Ethiopia and British Somaliland. Clifford describes the terrain and work of demarcation, with a map, in a paper he presented to the Geographical Society in 1935, although he omitted any mention of the most significant event of this project—the Italo-Ethiopian Walwal Incident.
Contents.
English version of the treaty:
Her Majesty Victoria, by the grace of God, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, Empress of India, and His Majesty Menelek II, by the grace of God, King of Kings of Ethiopia, being desirous of strengthening and rendering more effective and profitable the ancient friendship which has existed between their respective kingdoms; 
Her Majesty Queen Victoria having appointed as her Special Envoy and Representative to His Majesty the Emperor Menelek II, James Rennell Rodd, Esq., Companion of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George, whose full powers have been found in due and proper form, and His Majesty the Emperor Menelek, negotiating in his own name as King of Kings of Ethiopia, they have agreed upon and do conclude the following Articles, which shall be binding on themselves, their heirs and successors:
Article I.
The subjects of or persons protected by each of the Contracting Parties shall have full liberty to come and go and engage in commerce in the territories of the other, enjoying the protection of the Government within whose jurisdiction they are; but it is forbidden for armed bands from either side to cross the frontier of the other on any pretext whatever without previous authorization from the competent authorities.
Article II.
The frontiers of the British Protectorate on the Somali Coast recognized by the Emperor Menelek shall be determined subsequently by exchange of notes between James Rennell Rodd, Esq., as Representative of Her Majesty the Queen, and Ras Maconen, as Representative of His Majesty the Emperor Menelek, at Harrar. These notes shall be annexed to the present Treaty, of which they will form an integral part, so soon as they have received the approval of the High Contracting Parties, pending which the status quo shall be maintained. 
Article III.
The caravan route between Zeyla and Harrar by way of Gildessa shall remain open throughout its whole extent to the commerce of both nations.
Article IV.
His Majesty the Emperor of Ethiopia, on the one hand, accords to Great Britain and her Colonies in respect of import duties and local taxation, every advantage which he may accord to the subjects of other nations. 
On the other hand, all material destined exclusively for the service of the Ethiopian State shall, on application from His Majesty the Emperor, be allowed to pass through the port of Zeyla into Ethiopia free of duty. 
Article V.
The transit of fire-arms and ammunition destined for His Majesty the Emperor of Ethiopia through the territories depending on the Government of Her Britannic Majesty is authorized, subject to the conditions prescribed by the General Act of the Brussels Conference, signed the 2nd July, 1890.
Article VI.
His Majesty the Emperor Menelek II, King of Kings of Ethiopia, engages himself towards the Government of Her Britannic Majesty to do all in his power to prevent the passage through his dominions of arms and ammunition to the Mahdists, whom he declares to be the enemies of his Empire. 
The present Treaty shall come into force as soon as its ratification by Her Britannic Majesty shall have been notified to the Emperor of Ethiopia, but it is understood that the prescriptions of Article VI shall be put into force from the date of its signature. 
In faith of which His Majesty Menelek II, King of Kings of Ethiopia, in his own name, and James Rennell Rodd, Esq., on behalf of Her Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, Empress of India, have signed the present Treaty, in duplicate, written in the English and Amharic languages identically, both texts being considered as official, and have thereto affixed their seals. 
Done at Adis Abbaba, the 14th day of May, 1897. 
(Signed) James Rennell Rodd.
Legality.
Ethiopia's claim on the Ogaden rested on the Anglo-Ethiopian Treaty of 1897. International law professor W. Michael Reisman observes:As a matter of law and fact, the 1897 treaty was void because it presumed an authority which the Somalis had never accorded to Great Britain. The Somalis gave no authority to the British to transfer Somali territory to another state. Ironically the British had committed themselves to protect Somali territory and this was the manifest reason for the Protectorate. In attempting to transfer the land to Ethiopia, the British were acting without competence, exceeding their jurisdiction and concluding an agreement without the participation of the central party.Reisman further notes that even had the treaty originally been valid, it would have been invalidated by Ethiopia's failure to commit to key legal obligations. 
Impact.
Despite the British transfer of large expanses of land belonging to the Somalis, the existence of the treaty was concealed from them and none had participated in the treaty. Largely due to the minimal presence and activity of Ethiopian forces in the region, Somalis remained largely unaware of the change in status. The Somali Republic denounced the treaty from the moment it was established in July 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="6932908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932908" title="Campus Loop">
Campus Loop



</doc>
<doc id="6932919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932919" title="Balamangalam">
Balamangalam

Balamangalam was a Malayalam comic magazine published from 1980 to 2012. It was also published in Kannada under the title Balamangala.
History.
"Balamangalam" was first published in 1980. The publisher was Mangalam Publications (India) Private Limited. The fortnightly magazine featured, along with the comic strips, children's stories, rhymes and puzzles. Its target audience was children. The headquarters of the magazine was in Kottayam.
In October 2012, Mangalam Publications, the owners of "Balamangalam," announced that they would cease publication due to poor sales. Following an outcry on social media, the publishers stated that "the closure is just temporary and "Balamangalam" may return soon." However, the magazine remained closed.
Kannada-language version.
"Balamangala" was the Kannada language edition of "Balamangalam" and was circulated in Karnataka, India.
 It was published by Mangalam Publication (India) Pvt. Ltd., located in Kottayam, Kerala.
Along with comic strips, the magazine featured children's stories, rhymes, puzzles and crosswords, including the fictional characters Dinga, Shaktimaddu, Kaadina Kitta, Keraga, Pingala, Karingaada, Tuttu, Chenchu, Tiko, Chomu, Thangu Maama, Onti Salaga, and Chippu Delu.
Harsha, a 15-year-old boy's first short story, "Mola Matthu Nari" (meaning: Rabbit and Fox) was published in the magazine.
Dinkoism.
Based on the magazine's fictional character, Dinkan, a parody religion and a social movement called Dinkoism emerged and evolved on social networks organized by independent welfare groups in Kerala, India.

</doc>
<doc id="6932926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932926" title="Pozo Almonte">
Pozo Almonte

Pozo Almonte () is a city and commune of Chile located in the interior of Atacama Desert. It has been the capital of Tamarugal Province since this province was established in 2007. The city is located at from Tarapacá Region's capital, Iquique. It has over 15,000 inhabitants. The commune has an area of and borders the following communes: Iquique, Alto Hospicio, Huara, Pica, María Elena and Tocopilla (the last two being in Tocopilla Province).
Mining company Cosayach extracts iodine and nitrate in the commune and processes it in the village of Cala-Cala.
Demographics.
According to the 2017 census of the National Statistics Institute, Pozo Almonte had 15,711 inhabitants (8,987 men and 6,724 women). The population grew by 45% (4,881 persons) between the 2002 and 2017 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Pozo Almonte is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years.
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Pozo Almonte is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Marta Isasi (Ind.) and Hugo Gutiérrez (PC) as part of the 2nd electoral district, which includes the entire Tarapacá Region. The commune is represented in the Senate by José Miguel Insulza (PS, 2018–2026) and José Durana (UDI, 2018–2026) as part of the 1st senatorial constituency (Arica and Parinacota Region and Tarapacá Region).

</doc>
<doc id="6932931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932931" title="Fantasy themes">
Fantasy themes



</doc>
<doc id="6932935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932935" title="Chas Smith">
Chas Smith

Chas Smith (AKA Charles Vincent Smith) (1957–2007) was an author, musician, radio personality, and a Cleveland State University music instructor.
Biography.
Smith taught and explored the cultural aspects of American Roots music for over twenty years. He held both a Bachelor's and a master's degree in music from Cleveland State University, where he offered “The Roots of Rock and Soul”, a class on American rock music and its roots, and he taught basic music composition to little children through a program with the Cleveland Opera as a music mentor in grade schools.
Smith sang and played keyboards, bass guitar, and theremin for over 30 years in many different genres. He was in The Clocks (AKA Radio Alarm Clocks), a popular Cleveland punk band in the late 1970s and early '80s, then he was keyboardist for the latter-day version of The Pagans. In 1993 he formed the band Einstein's Secret Orchestra (later called Einstein's Secret Outlaws), voted Best Electronic/Instrumental Band at the Cleveland Free Times Music Awards in 2001, and produced two CDs of ESO's music, with others produced by the SubGenius Foundation. He also toured with Cobra Verde as keyboardist from 1997 through the early 2000s, and played with the country-blues Americana band The Fullbrights.
He and the band ESO often appeared on stage with Rev. Ivan Stang of the Church of the SubGenius, and perform on several of their CDs and DVDs. He spent over 20 years creating soundscapes on his weekly "SwampRadio ESO" radio show at WCSB in Cleveland. He performed live on-the-air comedy with Brain Rot Theater on Swamp Radio, and with Rev. Ivan Stang and the cast of The Hour of Slack, the Church of the SubGenius syndicated radio show. He was a board member of A.C.E. and appeared at both the Starwood Festival and the WinterStar Symposium, offering both performances and classes on music history and electronic trance music, and hosted a dance event within the Starwood Festival called the "Rumble in the Jungle".
Smith died on October 16, 2007, after suffering a stroke complicated with pneumonia, and fighting a recurrent battle with Hodgkin's lymphoma due to complications from the HIV virus, eventually leading to auto immune deficiency syndrome.
On Friday November 23, 2007 a tribute event called Chasfest: The Rumble in the Urban Jungle was held at the Beachland Ballroom in his honor. All proceeds went to his family to help defray medical bills. Feature performers included Cobra Verde, 14th Floor, Stardust Outlaws, The Fullbrights, Caelyn, the surviving members of Einstein's Secret Orchestra (including members from past incarnations of the group and Ron Slabe), a set by combined members of the bands The Pagans, The Clocks, and Venus Envy, a drum circle that included several members of the Association for Consciousness Exploration (who also contributed to the audio and provided video projection created by Rev. Ivan Stang of the Church of the SubGenius for the event), and a special guest appearance by Egyptian composer Halim El-Dabh.

</doc>
<doc id="6932949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932949" title="Sick fish">
Sick fish



</doc>
<doc id="6932950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932950" title="Antonia Martínez">
Antonia Martínez

Antonia Martínez Lagares (April 22, 1949 – March 4, 1970) was a 20-year-old student at the University of Puerto Rico at Río Piedras who was shot and killed by a policeman as she criticized the police violence while watching the 1970 anti-Vietnam War and Education Reform student protests at the University of Puerto Rico. She became a symbol against oppression, intolerance and US imperialism in post-Ponce massacre Puerto Rico. Martínez was from Arecibo, Puerto Rico.
Background.
In Puerto Rico, as in much of the rest of the world, the late 1960s and early 1970s were characterized by profound social, economic, and political changes. A large portion of the student body at the University of Puerto Rico at Rio Piedras, as well as much of its faculty, supported higher education reform that would produce changes to the administrative and educational formats in place. Of particular focus was the concept of "Casa de Estudios" (literally, "House of Studies") recently implemented by Chancellor Jaime Benitez, and which was founded on a Western and universalist educational and administrative vision of the University as opposed to one of regional and national character.
Unrest at University of Puerto Rico.
The newly implemented administrative changes resulted in friction between the administration and much of the student body. Student strikes and protests followed. Various laws were passed by the Government of Puerto Rico that sought to address concerns and some changes in governance were implemented, but the unrest continued. Many students opposed the political structure of the University, including the fact that they were given a voice but not a vote in university matters that affected them; the on-campus presence of the ROTC, the mandatory military service conscription; and the war in Vietnam. These factors resulted in student marches and protests.
On March 4, 1970, during these protests, the Fuerza de Choque (Riot Police) was sent to the University of Puerto Rico at Rio Piedras to intervene against students protesting the presence of the Reserve Officers Training Corps on the campus. As the event unfolded, it is alleged that Antonia observed the police riots shooting at students in Río Piedras. They watched as police officers began beating fellow students and the people on the balcony shouted at them "asesinos" (murderers) and "abusadores" (abusers). Antonia herself was noted to just barely have been looking over the balcony and she had not shouted. At that point, allegedly, one of the police officers, suspected to be Lt. José de Jesús Vidal, looked up to the balcony and spotted the crowd, retrieved his service revolver and shot towards the balcony. A bullet pierced her head and also injured another student who stood with her. Antonia died shortly at the Auxilio Mutuo hospital.
Case and trial.
Celestino Santiago, the other wounded student, recalled the events and identified some of the police officers involved. An officer who was not in the vicinity of the shooting was brought to the police and charged for the crime but was later acquitted. The police stated that they were shooting into the air in an attempt to disperse the crowd. The practice of firing shots into the air has been long discarded and is currently prohibited by departmental guidelines.
Memorials.
In 2010 the mural that commemorated the 40th anniversary of the killing of Antonia Martínez Lagares was surreptitiously vandalized. Its restoration was led by former political prisoner Rafael Cancel Miranda and aided by activists from various organizations and supported by a group of urban artists. Another mural memorializing Martínez Lagares was created at the Humanities Hall of the University of Puerto Rico at Rio Piedras.
Martínez is one of two University of Puerto Rico students who died during rioting in the early 1970s. A year after her death, University of Puerto Rico Reserve Officers' Training Corps cadet Jacinto Gutierrez was killed while defending the Reserve Officers' Training Corps building at the University of Puerto Rico at Rio Piedras.
In pop culture.
The death of Antonia Martínez Lagares has had a significant influence on pop culture in Puerto Rico and became a symbol of police abuse and oppression. Puerto Rican singer Roy Brown, for example, wrote a song about the incident for his second album, "Basta Ya... Revolución". Other songs were written by Leró Martínez Roldán (No te olvidamos Antonia) in his album Boricua Soy, Antonio Cabán Vale and Andrés Jiménez.
Legacy.
An elementary school in San Germán, Puerto Rico now bears the name of Antonia Martínez Lagares.

</doc>
<doc id="6932951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932951" title="Arne Scheie">
Arne Scheie

Arne Scheie (born 7 January 1944) is a Norwegian sports commentator, with football and ski jumping as his specialties.
He started working in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation in 1972, and started commenting the Four Hills Tournament in 1973. Over the years, he has been involved with eight Winter Olympics, attended over 30 Four Hills Tournaments and has commentated on well over 100 matches for the Norway national football team. Scheie has also commentated on cross-country skiing, biathlon, swimming, and bandy for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation.
Arne Scheie is a part of the cultural landscape for many Norwegians, who have grown up with his commentary. Among others, he is known for his spontaneous outbursts to his colleague Jon Herwig Carlsen such as when Tommy Ingebrigtsen won world championship gold in ski jumping in Thunder Bay in 1995: "Can I kiss you, Jon?" Carlsen replied "Yes! Of course!" 
Books issued by Scheie include "Arne Scheies fotballspørrebok" (2001) and "Øyeblikkene vi aldri glemmer" (2003, with Otto Ulseth). In 2005, he was given the Gullruten honorary award.

</doc>
<doc id="6932953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932953" title="Town Loop">
Town Loop



</doc>
<doc id="6932957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932957" title="Psychotropic substances">
Psychotropic substances



</doc>
<doc id="6932958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932958" title="Program development cycle">
Program development cycle



</doc>
<doc id="6932959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932959" title="Maria Thayer">
Maria Thayer

Maria Christina Thayer (born October 30, 1975) is an American actress and comedian. She first earned public recognition for her portrayal of Tammi Littlenut on the cult series "Strangers with Candy" in 1999. Thayer has also had supporting roles in the comedy films "Hitch" (2005), "Accepted" (2006), and "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" (2008).
She has appeared in numerous television series, including a lead role on the Adult Swim series "Eagleheart" (2011–2014), and a lead role as Abbey Logan on the comedy series "Those Who Can't". She played the title role in the movie "Night of the Living Deb".
Early life.
Thayer was born in Portland, Oregon, and spent her early life in the small town of Boring, east of Portland, where her parents owned a bee farm. During her childhood, the family relocated to Apple Valley, Minnesota, where she attended Apple Valley High School and was a member of the award-winning forensics program and the National Forensic League, as well as 1993 Homecoming Queen. She studied acting at The Juilliard School in New York.
Career.
In 2005, Thayer appeared in "Hitch" with Will Smith and Eva Mendes.
In "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", Thayer plays a woman on holiday with a new husband, played by Jack McBrayer. Thayer and McBrayer reunited on an episode of "30 Rock" in which she portrays Kenneth Parcell's blind, shallow love interest. She also played Grace and Leo's daughter, Lila, in the series finale of "Will &amp; Grace" (2006). In 2009, she appeared in the film "State of Play" as Sonia Baker, the researcher and mistress of a congressman.
Thayer stars in the Adult Swim comedy series "Eagleheart", which began airing on February 3, 2011, on Cartoon Network. She appeared as Tracey Bluth in the fourth season of "Arrested Development" in flashback scenes. In 2012, she was featured in the music video "Sensitive Man" by Nick Lowe.
In 2014, Thayer played the sudden wife of Forrest MacNeill (Andy Daly) on the Comedy Central show "Review" for the episode "Marry, Run, Party" of the first season.
Starting in 2015, she starred in the TruTV sitcom "Those Who Can't" as an incompetent teacher at a Denver high school, alongside Ben Roy, Adam Cayton-Holland and Andrew Orvedahl (The Grawlix).
Personal life.
Thayer was previously engaged to actor David Harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="6932962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932962" title="Bethune Blackwater Schooner">
Bethune Blackwater Schooner

The Bethune Blackwater Schooner is a 19th-century schooner shipwrecked near Milton, in Santa Rosa County, Florida, United States. It is one of Milton's most historically significant sites. It was named after Mr. and Mrs. John Bethune, the site's discoverers and the owners of the property adjacent to the shipwreck, and after the Blackwater River. It is estimated to be about 96 feet long and 93.2 tons. It is one of at least eighteen shipwrecks in or near the Blackwater River. It is located in a slough known as “Morton’s Basin.” Its exact address is unavailable to the public to prevent damage from vandals and sport divers. It is partially exposed underwater and partially covered in sediment. It is well preserved since its partial covering of sediment protects it from erosion and weathering. Approximately ninety percent of the ship is intact, including the entire hull as well as part of the deck and rail. Some features, such as a cabin house, are no longer intact but there are signs of where these features once existed. It is one of the best-preserved examples of its type of schooner discovered so far. It has been studied several times by underwater archaeologists. In February 1988 the Florida Bureau of Archaeological Research declared the vessel to be of significant historical value. On August 8, 1991, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Archaeological Investigation.
The schooner was discovered when Mr. and Mrs. Bethune attempted to build a dock next to their property, a local amateur historian and archaeologist was contacted. The Florida Bureau of Archaeological Research was informed about the wreck and in 1988, the Bureau declared that it was a nineteenth century schooner and that it had significant historical value. In 1988 Dr. Roger C. Smith conducted a video survey of the site to obtain preliminary information. In 1989, David R. Baumer, then a graduate student in the Department of Maritime History and Underwater Research at East Carolina University, and local volunteers thoroughly documented the schooner. The exposed areas of the ship were documented without removing any sediment. Meticulous measurements were made of every aspect of the ship in order to create maps. Various oral and written historical resources were also collected to create a more complete picture. The archaeological work was conducted in order to learn about the design, construction, and use of nineteenth-century schooners and their role in the history of the Gulf Coast. Little is currently known about West Florida's mid-nineteenth century economy, and further investigation of the Bethune Blackwater Schooner could provide valuable information.
Identification and Possible Role in Commerce.
From the archaeological documentation, it was concluded that the Bethune Blackwater Schooner was built between the 1830s and 1870s and is a light draft coasting schooner. It has not been positively identified as a specific vessel. Based on various historical documents, such as an 1866 deed for the property mentioning two shipwrecks, it has been suggested that this schooner is The Hornet. However, this has not been confirmed. The Hornet's dimensions were reported to be slightly smaller than those estimated for the Bethune Blackwater Schooner and The Hornet was stated to have sunk in a slightly different location. While the identity of the schooner is uncertain, based on the use of schooners along the Gulf Coast in the mid-nineteenth century, it is probable that this schooner was used to transport lumber to New Orleans and Mobile and materials such as coal to Pensacola. Schooners were frequently used to bring West Floridian lumber to New Orleans. Much of West Florida's economy in the mid-nineteenth century was dependent on maritime trade. West Floridian bricks and lumber would be transported to New Orleans and Mobile or to Cuba and various South American ports. The banks of the Blackwater River housed brick and lumber industries in addition to several shipyards. It is also possible that the schooner was involved in military-related trade, as it is located near a brickyard that supplied the US Army with materials for pre-Civil War fortifications of various ports along the Gulf Coast. Although not directly part of the Blackwater Bethune Schooner site, there is nearby evidence dating to the mid-nineteenth century of former brick and lumber industries, including kilns, bricks, cut lumber, and ballast stones, contributing to the likelihood of the Blackwater Bethune Schooner's involvement in these industries.

</doc>
<doc id="6932969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932969" title="Feock, Zimbabwe">
Feock, Zimbabwe

Feock is a village in the province of Mashonaland West, Zimbabwe. It is located about 8 km north of Mutorashanga. According to the 1982 Population Census, the village had a population of 2,866. The village started as a residential and commercial township for the Feock chromite mine.

</doc>
<doc id="6932979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932979" title="Don Bruno de Heceta">
Don Bruno de Heceta



</doc>
<doc id="6932980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932980" title="Čakanovce, Lučenec District">
Čakanovce, Lučenec District

Čakanovce (before 1927 "Čakanová"; ) is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.
History.
The village arose in the 13th or 14th century. It was first mentioned in 1439 ("Chakanhaza"). It changed many owners during the history. From 1554 to 1594 it was occupied by the Turks. It suffered war devastations very much in the 17th century. From 1938 to 1944 it belonged to Hungary under the First Vienna Award.
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Banska Bystrica, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6932982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932982" title="Bob Dancer">
Bob Dancer

Bob Dancer (born 1947) is an American video poker expert and gambling author best known for his book "Million Dollar Video Poker", which recounts six years of video poker experiences. The book details a six-month period, Sept 2000 to March 2001, when Dancer and his wife parlayed a six thousand dollar bankroll into over one million dollars playing video poker. The cover of the book was a photo taken to replicate the $400,000 winning hand that Dancer's wife Shirley hit, the largest of their 6-month winning period.
Biography.
Dancer previously co-authored a weekly column with Jeffrey Compton entitled the "Players Edge" which listed various promotions at Las Vegas Casinos and was published Fridays in the "Las Vegas Review-Journal". He also is a contributor to the "Las Vegas Advisor" and to the monthly magazine "Strictly Slots".
In his May 7, 2013 "Las Vegas Advisor" column, Dancer announced that he and his wife Shirley had divorced.
Bob Dancer has been teaching classes at various casinos in Las Vegas and elsewhere since 1997. Currently he teaches two semesters a year at the South Point in Las Vegas.
Dancer's latest book is "Video Poker for the Intelligent Beginner." He has written two novels, "Sex, Lies, and Video Poker" and "More Sex, Lies, and Video Poker." Along with co-author Liam W. Daily, Dancer has published six Winner's Guides for various video poker games. He is the prime video poker expert behind the Video Poker for Winners software.
Currently he writes a weekly online article for the Las Vegas Advisor. More than 400 of Dancer's articles are archived on his site. He also co-hosts, with Richard W. Munchkin, a weekly hourlong radio program called "Gambling With An Edge" on Thursday evenings at 7 p.m. on KLAV 1230 AM in Las Vegas. The shows are streamed live on the radio website and are archived on Dancer's website.
He is an alumnus of the University of California, Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="6932984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932984" title="Alto Hospicio">
Alto Hospicio

Alto Hospicio is a Chilean municipality and commune located next to Iquique, in the Iquique Province, Tarapacá Region. It is a fast-growing popular area in the heights of Iquique and has a population of 94,254 according to the preliminary result of the 2012 census. It is the second largest commune of the Greater Iquique urbanization with a total population of 275,000 in 2012.
History.
The first inhabitants of Alto Hospicio were the Chango indigenous group, that arrived from the coast. They climbed 550 meters from the cove of Ique Ique during the so-called Festival of the Mule (Bajo Molle), and stopped to rest on the pampa.
During reign of Tupac Inca Yupanqui (1380 - 1410 CE), the exploitation of the silver deposits of Huantajaya, located about northeast of the site of Alto Hospicio Central Prison, began. Exploitation of silver continued until the end of the eighteenth century when Basilio de la Fuente, a prominent resident of the town of San Lorenzo de Tarapacá, made a fortune with the mineral and funded major irrigation works.
After the War of the Pacific, Alto Hospicio was little more than a desolate train station (specifically the area of Alto Molle), where no more than 100 people lived. By the 1950s, groups of Aymara farmers settled in the area, bringing agricultural products from the inland altiplano. They constructed modest plots for small-scale horticulture and agriculture (both crops and livestock).
The economic boom experienced by Iquique in the mid-1990s brought about a population explosion in Alto Hospicio. It was transformed from a small town of about 2,000 inhabitants in the early nineties to a huge city with over 100,000 inhabitants. Alto Hospicio is away and above Bajo Iquique.
In August 2007 the Alto Hospicio Basic Emergency Hospital opened in La Pampa area of the city. Though originally part of Iquique, Alto Hospicio was incorporated as its own municipality on 12 April 2004, when Law No. 19943 was approved under President Ricardo Lagos Escobar.
Alto Hospicio hosts a large open-air market, La Quebradilla, which is open six days a week. The market trades in used clothing from around the world.
Demographics.
Preliminary results of the 2012 census indicate a population of 94,254 inhabitants of Alto Hospicio. According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Alto Hospicio had 50,215 inhabitants. Of these, the vasy majority lived in urban areas outside Iquique, and only a tiny minority in rural areas due to its desert like surrounding. The population grew by nearly 900% (44,627 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses and similar (90.7%) between 2002 and 2012 by about 44,000 inhabitants.
The commune of Alto Hospicio is composed of 4 census districts.
Climate.
The climate of the area is coastal desert, similar to La Pampa, which is influenced by the dry climate and the Humboldt Current. It is characterized by abundant cloudiness, and low oscillation amplitude from autumn throughout the winter to the early part of spring. But this changes in summer when temperatures double and the oscillation increases, and temperature can vary considerably throughout the day. In the morning it may be sunny, but be very cloudy or rainy in the afternoon. The community receives some rainfall in summer, especially between January and February due to high air pressure fronts commonly called "Bolivia," negatively referring to cold Bolivian or Altiplano winters. Alto Hospicio also receives some rainfall in winter but not every year. Chile's climate is changing due to global warming. Alto Hospicio is a place where temperatures are not incredibly high, but sun rays can be very damaging. Average high in summer is 24 °C (75.2 °F) and 9.4 °C (48.92 °F) to 15 °C (59 °F) in winter.
Administration.
As a commune, Alto Hospicio is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Ramón Galleguillos Castillo.
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Alto Hospicio is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Marta Isasi (Ind.) and Hugo Gutiérrez (PC) as part of the 2nd electoral district, which includes the entire Tarapacá Region. The commune is represented in the Senate by José Miguel Insulza (PS, 2018–2026) and José Durana (UDI, 2018–2026) as part of the 1st senatorial constituency (Arica and Parinacota Region and Tarapacá Region).

</doc>
<doc id="6932988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932988" title="Soft Science">
Soft Science



</doc>
<doc id="6932992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932992" title="Tibetan architecture">
Tibetan architecture



</doc>
<doc id="6932995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932995" title="Dragana Kršenković Brković">
Dragana Kršenković Brković

Dragana Kršenković Brković is a Montenegrin writer.
Biography.
Kršenkovic Brković graduated from the Faculty of Political Sciences and from the Faculty of Drama Arts (FDU). TV Belgrade screened her play - "Vrele kapi" in 1981. She wrote this play for the entrance examination at FDU.
As the Wars in the Balkans erupted, she moved from Belgrade, Serbia, to Podgorica, Montenegro. There, Kršenković Brković with her husband Tomislav Brković established a puppet theater The Blue Lagoon. Details of this theater can be found in the bilingual monograph "Puppet Theatre Blue Lagoon" (Podgorica, 2019) 
The list of her residential programs includes: in the US ("the apexart New York City Fellowship", NYC, 2014; "Art OMI: Writers", Ledig House, NY, 2017; Hungary ("Pecs Writers Program", Pecs, 2013), and Austria ("Writers in Residence program", KulturKontakt Austria, Vienna, 2011). 
Kršenković Brković was a Hubert Humphrey fellow 2005-06, which is a Fulbright Exchange Program. She spent a year in California and Washington DC, US. She also received an Austrian Government grant in order to carry out research at the University of Graz and at the Institut für Slawistik in Austria in 2008.
Besides, she participated in Rhodes, Greece ("1st International Forum for a Culture of Peace by Mediterranean Women Creators", under the auspice of UNESCO ); the 23rd Biennial of Illustration /BIB/ (Bratislava, 2011); the Bologna Book Fair (Bologna, 2011), the Goethe-Institut Munich (Leipzig Book Fair 2023), etc.
Her plays are performed in many Balkan countries. Four of her plays are set texts for elementary schools in Montenegro and Macedonia. Her book "The Genie of Lake Manito" was selected for the 2011 White Ravens Awards by the Internationale Jugendbibliothek in Munich, Germany. 
She has been nominated for Astrid Lindgren Memorial Award (ALMA) ten times (2008-2018). 
Two feature movies, "Hozentarus" (2018) and "The Magic Key" (2020), based on her fairy tales with the same titles, have been filmed by Public Broadcasting Services of Montenegro (RTCG).
Her stories have been published in many international magazines: "October Hill Magazine", "The Bosphorus Review of Books", "Buchkultur", "Blesok", "Sarajevo Notebook", "Folia linguistica et litteraria", etc.
Kršenković Brković has published three novels, two story collections, two literary studies, and several books of fairy tales.

</doc>
<doc id="6932998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6932998" title="Antonio María de Bucareli y Ursua">
Antonio María de Bucareli y Ursua



</doc>
<doc id="6933004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933004" title="Tibial nerves">
Tibial nerves



</doc>
<doc id="6933006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933006" title="Cinema Mangalam">
Cinema Mangalam



</doc>
<doc id="6933017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933017" title="John S. Robertson">
John S. Robertson

John Stuart Robertson (June 14, 1878 – November 5, 1964) was a Canadian born actor and later film director perhaps best known for his 1920 screen adaptation of "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde", starring John Barrymore.
Biography.
Robertson was born in London, Ontario. He broke into filmmaking in 1915 with Vitagraph, then with Famous Players–Lasky, making 57 features in his career. Robertson left film in 1935, amid the increasing prevalence of sound pictures. He was married to screenwriter Josephine Lovett. He died in California, aged 86.
The Byrds song "Old John Robertson" is about Robertson.

</doc>
<doc id="6933022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933022" title="Poetry Central">
Poetry Central

Poetry Central was a loose collection of performance poets and audiences in the area of Rochester, N.Y. Performances and readings were presented publicly under its sponsorship from about 1972 to about 1986, originally at the First Unitarian Universalist Church on Clinton Avenue, although there were some long periods when the collective was unable to find a space for presentation of these readings.
Activities.
The group was originally formed by nationally recognized poet and museum arts teacher James Lavilla-Havelin. The regular contributors to this collective included William Pruitt, Diane Baum; David Shevin, David Michael Nixon, Bobby Johnson, Wally Butts, and Joe M. Connelly. Poets reading at spaces provided by this collective included Anne Waldman; Michael McClure; Gregory Corso; Robert Creeley; Gary Snyder; Diane Wakoski; Robert Bly; and occasionally fiction writers would appear as well, such as award-winning mystery writer Edward D. Hoch; as well as regionally known writers from the western N.Y. area, such as Buffalo playwright Emanuel Fried.
The collective was well known for providing the Rochester area with a stage for open readings, where writers of every kind could present their work in recital to the public. Activities also included sponsorship for readings and the teaching of writing poetry in public schools; support for publications by local authors; introduction of poetry readings in local bars and coffee-houses; the occasional public-access television broadcast of readings; placement of poetry on sign-cards in high-profile public places, such as bus-stops; attempts to network with similar collectives in other cities; and release of the "Poetry Central Newsletter".
Context.
The collective was heavily influenced by the poetics of the Beat generation, and by the poetics that developed out of that movement, spreading throughout the so-called 'cultural revolution' of the 1960s. However, money was always tight, and contributor personalities occasionally clashed; but the collective really began to fall apart during the presidency of Ronald Reagan, when the culture and general tenor of American life began to drift seriously right-ward. Since Poetry Central represented a democratic approach to poetics, community interest in the collective dwindled as Americans re-defined themselves as essentially selfish and profit-driven, and unconcerned with the content or outcome of cultural conflict. By the mid-1990s, American poetry as a viable mode of cultural change and exchange had been disempowered. Poetry itself continues; but regardless of the need for collectives such as Poetry Central, the will does not appear to be there, in many areas of America, including western N.Y.
Although few of the original contributors to Poetry Central remain in the Rochester area, and their continuing poetic activity is largely unknown, Poetry Central does appear to have left a legacy of hope for writers in the Rochester area, as a moment when poets came together and defined themselves, without surrender to cultural definitions surrounding them.

</doc>
<doc id="6933030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933030" title="CODE Geass">
CODE Geass



</doc>
<doc id="6933041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933041" title="CODE GEASS">
CODE GEASS



</doc>
<doc id="6933047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933047" title="Narcotic drug">
Narcotic drug



</doc>
<doc id="6933049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933049" title="General frame">
General frame

In logic, general frames (or simply frames) are Kripke frames with an additional structure, which are used to model modal and intermediate logics. The general frame semantics combines the main virtues of Kripke semantics and algebraic semantics: it shares the transparent geometrical insight of the former, and robust completeness of the latter.
Definition.
A modal general frame is a triple formula_1, where formula_2 is a Kripke frame (i.e., formula_3 is a binary relation on the set formula_4), and formula_5 is a set of subsets of formula_4 that is closed under the following:
They are thus a special case of fields of sets with additional structure. The purpose of formula_5 is to restrict the allowed valuations in the frame: a model formula_10 based on the Kripke frame formula_2 is admissible in the general frame formula_12, if
The closure conditions on formula_5 then ensure that formula_16 belongs to formula_5 for "every" formula formula_18 (not only a variable).
A formula formula_18 is valid in formula_12, if formula_21 for all admissible valuations formula_22, and all points formula_23. A normal modal logic formula_24 is valid in the frame formula_12, if all axioms (or equivalently, all theorems) of formula_24 are valid in formula_12. In this case we call formula_12 an formula_24-frame.
A Kripke frame formula_2 may be identified with a general frame in which all valuations are admissible: i.e., formula_31, where formula_32 denotes the power set of formula_4.
Types of frames.
In full generality, general frames are hardly more than a fancy name for Kripke "models"; in particular, the correspondence of modal axioms to properties on the accessibility relation is lost. This can be remedied by imposing additional conditions on the set of admissible valuations.
A frame formula_1 is called
Kripke frames are refined and atomic. However, infinite Kripke frames are never compact. Every finite differentiated or atomic frame is a Kripke frame.
Descriptive frames are the most important class of frames because of the duality theory (see below). Refined frames are useful as a common generalization of descriptive and Kripke frames.
Operations and morphisms on frames.
Every Kripke model formula_41 induces the general frame formula_42, where formula_5 is defined as
The fundamental truth-preserving operations of generated subframes, p-morphic images, and disjoint unions of Kripke frames have analogues on general frames. A frame formula_45 is a generated subframe of a frame formula_1, if the Kripke frame formula_47 is a generated subframe of the Kripke frame formula_2 (i.e., formula_49 is a subset of formula_4 closed upwards under formula_3, and formula_52), and
A p-morphism (or bounded morphism) formula_54 is a function from formula_4 to formula_49 that is a p-morphism of the Kripke frames formula_2 and formula_47, and satisfies the additional constraint
The disjoint union of an indexed set of frames formula_61, formula_62, is the frame formula_1, where formula_4 is the disjoint union of formula_65, formula_3 is the union of formula_67, and
The refinement of a frame formula_1 is a refined frame formula_45 defined as follows. We consider the equivalence relation
and let formula_72 be the set of equivalence classes of formula_73. Then we put
Completeness.
Unlike Kripke frames, every normal modal logic formula_24 is complete with respect to a class of general frames. This is a consequence of the fact that formula_24 is complete with respect to a class of Kripke models formula_41: as formula_24 is closed under substitution, the general frame induced by formula_41 is an formula_24-frame. Moreover, every logic formula_24 is complete with respect to a single "descriptive" frame. Indeed, formula_24 is complete with respect to its canonical model, and the general frame induced by the canonical model (called the canonical frame of formula_24) is descriptive.
Jónsson–Tarski duality.
General frames bear close connection to modal algebras. Let formula_1 be a general frame. The set formula_5 is closed under Boolean operations, therefore it is a subalgebra of the power set Boolean algebra formula_87. It also carries an additional unary operation, formula_7. The combined structure formula_89 is a modal algebra, which is called the dual algebra of formula_90, and denoted by formula_91.
In the opposite direction, it is possible to construct the dual frame formula_92 to any modal algebra formula_93. The Boolean algebra formula_94 has a Stone space, whose underlying set formula_4 is the set of all ultrafilters of formula_96. The set formula_5 of admissible valuations in formula_98 consists of the clopen subsets of formula_4, and the accessibility relation formula_3 is defined by
for all ultrafilters formula_102 and formula_103.
A frame and its dual validate the same formulas; hence the general frame semantics and algebraic semantics are in a sense equivalent. The double dual formula_104 of any modal algebra is isomorphic to formula_96 itself. This is not true in general for double duals of frames, as the dual of every algebra is descriptive. In fact, a frame formula_90 is descriptive if and only if it is isomorphic to its double dual formula_107.
It is also possible to define duals of p-morphisms on one hand, and modal algebra homomorphisms on the other hand. In this way the operators formula_108 and formula_109 become a pair of contravariant functors between the category of general frames, and the category of modal algebras. These functors provide a duality (called Jónsson–Tarski duality after Bjarni Jónsson and Alfred Tarski) between the categories of descriptive frames, and modal algebras. This is a special case of a more general duality between complex algebras and fields of sets on relational structures.
Intuitionistic frames.
The frame semantics for intuitionistic and intermediate logics can be developed in parallel to the semantics for modal logics. An intuitionistic general frame is a triple formula_110, where formula_111 is a partial order on formula_4, and formula_5 is a set of upper subsets ("cones") of formula_4 that contains the empty set, and is closed under
Validity and other concepts are then introduced similarly to modal frames, with a few changes necessary to accommodate for the weaker closure properties of the set of admissible valuations. In particular, an intuitionistic frame formula_116 is called
Tight intuitionistic frames are automatically differentiated, hence refined.
The dual of an intuitionistic frame formula_116 is the Heyting algebra formula_121. The dual of a Heyting algebra formula_122 is the intuitionistic frame formula_123, where formula_4 is the set of all prime filters of formula_96, the ordering formula_111 is inclusion, and formula_5 consists of all subsets of formula_4 of the form
where formula_130. As in the modal case, formula_108 and formula_109 are a pair of contravariant functors, which make the category of Heyting algebras dually equivalent to the category of descriptive intuitionistic frames.
It is possible to construct intuitionistic general frames from transitive reflexive modal frames and vice versa, see modal companion.

</doc>
<doc id="6933074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933074" title="Lorraine Laporte-Landry">
Lorraine Laporte-Landry

Lorraine Laporte-Landry (1942 – July 18, 1999) was an influential judge in the Quebec justice system. She was married to former premier Bernard Landry with whom she had three children. She attended the Université de Montréal and HEC Montréal.
She was appointed a Quebec Court judge in March 1995. In the face of opposition claims that Bernard Landry's influence had gotten her the job, the government insisted that she had been chosen in the usual way by an independent selection committee.
She helped train judges in Quebec, Belgium, the Czech Republic and Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="6933077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933077" title="Bruno de Heceta">
Bruno de Heceta

Bruno de Heceta (Hezeta) y Dudagoitia (1743–1807) was a Spanish Basque explorer of the Pacific Northwest. Born in Bilbao of an old Basque family, he was sent by the viceroy of New Spain, Antonio María Bucareli y Ursúa, to explore the area north of Alta California in response to information that there were colonial Russian settlements there.
Background.
The Spanish claim to Alaska and the Pacific Northwest had dated back to the 1493 papal bull ("Inter caetera") and rights contained in the 1494 Treaty of Tordesillas. These two formal acts formed the basis of Spain's claim of the exclusive right to colonize all of the Western Hemisphere (excluding present-day Brazil), including all of the west coast of North America. The first European expedition to actually reach the Pacific coast was led by the Spaniard Vasco Núñez de Balboa, which reached the western coast of present-day Panama in 1513. Balboa claimed the Pacific Ocean for the Spanish Crown, as well as all the lands touching it. This action of Balboa further solidified the Spanish claim of exclusive control over the entire west coast of North America.
Confident of their claims, the Spanish Empire did not explore or settle the northwest coast of North America in the 250 years after Balboa's claim. By the late 18th century, however, learning of Russian and British arrivals along the Pacific Northwest and Alaskan coasts, Spain finally grew sufficiently concerned about their claims to the region and set out to determine the extent of any Russian or British encroachment.
Pacific expedition.
A first expedition led by Juan José Pérez Hernández in 1774 with just one ship, the frigate "Santiago" (alias "Nueva Galicia" ), did not reach as far north as planned. Thus in 1775, when a small group of officers from Spain reached the Pacific port of San Blas in the Viceroyalty of New Spain (present day Mexico), the viceroy placed one of them, Bruno de Heceta, in charge of a second expedition. This expedition was to have two ships, with the second a smaller ship that could explore in shallower waters.
Heceta was given command of the "Santiago". Accompanying Heceta was the schooner "Sonora" (alias "Felicidad", also known as "Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe") initially under the command of Juan Manuel de Ayala. The "Sonora", with a crew of 16, was to perform coastal reconnaissance and mapping, and could make landfall in places the larger "Santiago" was unable to approach on its previous voyage. In this way the expedition could officially lay claim to the lands of northern New Spain it visited.
The two ships sailed together as far north as "Punta de los Martires" (or "Point of the Martyrs"), present day Point Grenville in the U.S. state of Washington, named by Heceta in response to an attack by the local Quinault Native Americans.
By design, the vessels parted company on the evening of July 30, 1775, with the "Santiago" continuing north, to what is today the border between Washington and British Columbia, Canada. The "Señora", with second officer Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra at the helm, following its orders continuing further north up the coast, ultimately reaching a position at latitude 59° north on August 15, 1775, entering Sitka Sound near the present-day town of Sitka, Alaska. There, and near a Russian settlement on present day Kodiak Island, the Spaniards performed numerous "acts of sovereignty" claiming the territory. Bodega y Quadra named "Puerto de Bucareli" (present-day Bucareli Bay, Alaska), "Puerto de los Remedios", and "Cerro San Jacinto", which was renamed Mount Edgecumbe three years later in 1778 by English explorer James Cook.
On his return journey south, still with only the larger "Santiago" and a reduced crew, Heceta discovered a large bay penetrating far inland. He was the first European to sight the mouth of the Columbia River. He tried to sail in but the strong currents prevented it, even under a full press of sails. His crew was so reduced that they could not handle the anchor so he could not easily wait for better conditions. He wrote that the seething currents led him to believe it was the mouth of a great river or a passage to another sea. Later he guessed it to be the Strait of Juan de Fuca. He named the entrance bay "Bahia de la Asunción" and produced a map of what he could discern from outside the Columbia Bar. Later Spanish maps often showed the Columbia River's estuary with the name "Entrada de Hezeta", "Rio de San Roque", and other similar variants.
Throughout the voyage, the crews of both vessels endured many hardships, including food shortages and scurvy. On September 8, 1775, the ships rejoined and headed south for the return trip to San Blas.
Later years.
Subsequently, Heceta returned to Spain, fighting in various naval battles against France and Great Britain in Europe. He died there in 1807 with the rank of the lieutenant general.
Legacy.
Heceta Island in Alaska, and Heceta Head and the Heceta Head Light on the Oregon Coast, are named after him. In Oregon it is pronounced "Ha–SEE–Ta" and in Alaska it is pronounced "HECK–ah–Ta."

</doc>
<doc id="6933080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933080" title="Infraglenoid tuberosity">
Infraglenoid tuberosity



</doc>
<doc id="6933084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933084" title="Supraglenoid tuberosity">
Supraglenoid tuberosity



</doc>
<doc id="6933087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933087" title="Narcotic drugs">
Narcotic drugs



</doc>
<doc id="6933088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933088" title="St. Joe State Park">
St. Joe State Park

St. Joe State Park is a public recreation area consisting of on the south side of Park Hills, Missouri, along the flanks of the Saint Francois Mountains. The state park includes the Missouri Mines State Historic Site with its former St. Joe Minerals mill buildings and museum of geology and mining. The park features a off-road vehicle (ORV) riding area located on the old lead mine tailings dumps, camping facilities, and trails for hiking, bicycling, and horseback riding.

</doc>
<doc id="6933097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933097" title="TurkTelekom">
TurkTelekom



</doc>
<doc id="6933099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933099" title="Philip Coppens (chemist)">
Philip Coppens (chemist)

Philip Coppens (October 24, 1930 – June 21, 2017) was a Dutch-born American chemist and crystallographer known for his work on charge density analysis using X-rays crystallography and the pioneering work in the field of photocrystallography.
Education and career.
The Amersfoort-born Coppens received his B.S. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Amsterdam in 1954 and 1960, where he was supervised by Carolina MacGillavry. In 1968, following appointments at the Weizmann Institute and Brookhaven National Laboratory, he was appointed in the chemistry department at the State University of New York at Buffalo. He was a SUNY Distinguished Professor and holder of the Henry M. Woodburn Chair of Chemistry. Among the many 3-dimensional structures Coppens characterized is the nitroprusside ion.
Honours and awards.
Coppens was a corresponding member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences since 1979 and a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science from 1993. Additionally, he was awarded the Gregori Aminoff Prize of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1996, the Ewald Prize of the International Union of Crystallography in 2005, and Kołos Medal in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6933101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933101" title="Kevin Durant">
Kevin Durant

Kevin Wayne Durant (born September 29, 1988), also known by his initials KD, is an American professional basketball player for the Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Durant has won two NBA championships, four Olympic gold medals, an NBA Most Valuable Player Award, two NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Awards, two NBA All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Awards, four NBA scoring titles, and the NBA Rookie of the Year Award. He has been named to 11 All-NBA teams (including six First Teams) and selected 15 times as an NBA All-Star. In 2021, Durant was named to the NBA 75th Anniversary Team. He ranks eighth among NBA career scoring leaders.
Durant was heavily recruited in high school, widely regarded as the second-best player his senior year. He played one season of college basketball for the Texas Longhorns, during which he won numerous year-end awards and became the first freshman to be named Naismith College Player of the Year. Durant was selected as the second overall pick by the Seattle SuperSonics in the 2007 NBA draft. He played nine seasons with the franchise (which became the Oklahoma City Thunder in 2008), leading them to a Finals appearance in 2012 and winning the MVP award for the 2013–2014 season. He later signed with the Golden State Warriors in 2016, who won a record 73 regular season games the previous year. Durant won consecutive NBA championships and Finals MVPs in 2017 and 2018. After sustaining an Achilles injury in the 2019 NBA Finals, he joined the Brooklyn Nets as a free agent that summer. Following disagreements with the Nets' front office, he requested a trade during the 2022 offseason and was traded to the Phoenix Suns the following year. After two full seasons with Phoenix, Durant was traded to the Rockets in July 2025.
As a member of the U.S. national team, Durant has won four gold medals in the Olympics (2012, 2016, 2020 and 2024), and is the leading scorer in Team USA's Olympic basketball history. In 2024, he became the first male athlete to win four Olympics gold medals in a team sport. He also won gold at the 2010 FIBA World Championship. Durant is the only player in basketball history with MVPs in the NBA, Olympics and World Cup.
Off the court, Durant is one of the highest-earning basketball players in the world, due in part to endorsement deals with companies such as Foot Locker and Nike. He has developed a reputation for philanthropy and regularly leads the league in All-Star votes and jersey sales. In 2018, Durant was among "Time's" 100 most influential people in the world. In recent years, he has contributed to "The Players' Tribune" as both a photographer and writer.
Early life.
Durant was born on September 29, 1988, in Washington, D.C., to Wanda ("née" Durant) and Wayne Pratt. When Durant was an infant, his father deserted the family; Wanda and Wayne eventually divorced, and Durant's grandmother, Barbara Davis, helped raise him. By age 13, Durant's father reentered his life and traveled the country with him to basketball tournaments. Durant has a sister, Brianna, and two brothers, Tony and Rayvonne.
Durant and his siblings grew up in Prince George's County, Maryland, on the eastern outskirts of Washington, D.C. He was unusually tall from a young age, and reached in height while still in middle school (age 10–12). Growing up, Durant wanted to play for his favorite team, the Toronto Raptors, which included his favorite player, Vince Carter. Durant played Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) basketball for several teams in the Maryland area and was teammates with future NBA players Michael Beasley, Greivis Vásquez, and Ty Lawson, the first of whom Durant remains friends with to this day. During this time, he began wearing #35 as his jersey number in honor of his AAU coach, Charles Craig, who was murdered at the age of 35.
After playing two years of high school basketball at National Christian Academy and one year at Oak Hill Academy, Durant transferred to Montrose Christian School for his senior year, growing before the start of the season and beginning the year at .
Prior to the start of the season, Durant committed to the University of Texas at Austin. He had visited University of Connecticut and University of North Carolina, and said that he considered Duke University, University of Kentucky and University of Louisville. When Durant was asked why he chose a college with a lesser-known program, Durant said, "Wanted to set my own path."
At the end of the year, Durant was named the Washington Post All-Met Basketball Player of the Year, as well as the Most Valuable Player of the 2006 McDonald's All-American Game. He was widely regarded as the second-best high school prospect of 2006, behind Greg Oden.
Durant had stated that he would have declared for the 2006 NBA draft if the NBA had not introduced the one-and-done rule, where his favorite team growing up, the Toronto Raptors, had the first overall pick.
College career.
For the 2006–07 college season, Durantwho had grown to averaged 25.8 points, 11.1 rebounds, and 1.3 assists per game for the Texas Longhorns. Texas finished the season with a 25–10 record overall and a 12–4 record in conference. Awarded a #4 seed in the NCAA Tournament, Texas won its first round match-up against New Mexico State but was upset in the second round by USC despite a 30-point and 9-rebound performance from Durant. For his outstanding play, Durant was recognized as the unanimous national player of the year, winning the John R. Wooden Award, the Naismith College Player of the Year Award, and all eight other widely recognized honors and awards. This made Durant the first freshman to win any of the national player of the year awards. Following the season, he declared for the NBA draft. Durant's No. 35 jersey was later retired by the Longhorns.
Professional career.
Seattle SuperSonics / Oklahoma City Thunder (2007–2016).
Rookie of the Year (2007–2008).
Durant was selected as the second overall pick in the 2007 NBA draft by the Seattle SuperSonics, after Greg Oden was selected by the Portland Trail Blazers with the first pick of the draft. In his first regular season game, the 19-year-old Durant registered 18 points, five rebounds, and three steals against the Denver Nuggets. On November 16, he made the first game-winning shot of his career in a game against the Atlanta Hawks.
At the end of the 2007–08 NBA season, Durant was named the NBA Rookie of the Year following averages of 20.3 points, 4.4 rebounds and 2.4 assists per game. He joined Carmelo Anthony and LeBron James as the only teenagers in league history to average at least 20 points per game over an entire season.
Breakthrough (2008–2010).
Following Durant's rookie season, the Supersonics relocated to Oklahoma City, becoming the Thunder and switching to new colors – blue, orange, and yellow. The team also drafted UCLA guard Russell Westbrook, who would form an All-Star combination with Durant in later years. At the 2009 NBA All-Star Weekend, he set a Rookie Challenge record with 46 points. By the end of the 2008–09 NBA season, Durant had raised his scoring average by five points from the prior season to 25.3 points per game, and was considered a strong candidate for the Most Improved Player Award, eventually finishing third in the voting. Durant continued to grow during his first few years in the NBA, finally reaching a height of .
During the 2009–10 season, Durant was selected to his first NBA All-Star Game. Behind his play, the Thunder improved their record by 27 wins from the previous year and defied expectations to make the playoffs. With a scoring average of 30.1 points per game, Durant became the youngest NBA scoring champion and was selected to his first All-NBA team. In his playoff debut, Durant scored 24 points in a Game 1 loss to the Los Angeles Lakers. Oklahoma City would go on to lose the series in six games, but the team's performance led many analysts to label them as an upcoming title contender.
First NBA finals (2010–2012).
Prior to the start of the 2010–11 season, Durant announced via Twitter that he had signed a five-year contract extension with the Thunder worth approximately $86 million. For the second consecutive year, Durant led the NBA in scoring, averaging 27.7 points a game. Behind his leadership, the Thunder won 55 games and earned the fourth seed in the Western Conference. In the 2011 NBA playoffs, Oklahoma City defeated the Denver Nuggets and Memphis Grizzlies en route to a Conference Finals match-up against the Dallas Mavericks, losing in five games.
On February 19 of the lockout-shortened 2011–12 season, Durant recorded his first career 50-point game, scoring 51 points against the Denver Nuggets. At the All-Star Game, he scored 36 points and was awarded the NBA All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Award. Durant finished the year with a scoring average of 28 points per game, representing his third straight scoring title. Behind his play, the Thunder won 47 games and entered the 2012 NBA playoffs as the Western Conference's second seed. In Game 1 of the first round against the Dallas Mavericks, Durant hit a game-winner with 1.5 seconds remaining. Oklahoma City would go on to defeat Dallas 4–0, the Lakers 4–1, and the San Antonio Spurs 4–2 before losing to the Miami Heat 1–4 in the 2012 NBA Finals. For the NBA Finals, Durant led all players with 30.6 points per game, doing so on a 54.8 shooting rate.
50–40–90 season (2012–2013).
With a scoring average of 28.1 points per game to finish the 2012–13 season, Durant failed to defend his scoring title; however, with a 51 percent shooting rate, a 41.6 percent three point shooting rate, and a 90.5 free throw shooting rate, Durant became the youngest player in NBA history to join the 50–40–90 club. Finishing the year with a 60–22 record, the Thunder earned the first seed in the Western Conference. In the first round of the 2013 NBA playoffs against the Houston Rockets, Westbrook tore his meniscus, forcing him to miss the remainder of the postseason. Without Westbrook, Durant was given more responsibility, averaging a career-high 30.8 points per game throughout the playoffs, the Thunder defeated Houston 4–2 but were eliminated in the second round 1–4 by the Memphis Grizzlies.
MVP season (2013–2014).
In January of the 2013–14 season, Durant averaged 35.9 points per game while scoring 30 or more points in 12 straight games, including a career-high 54 points against the Golden State Warriors. In April, he surpassed Michael Jordan's record for consecutive games scoring 25 points or more at 41. The Thunder finished the year with 59 wins and Durant was voted the NBA Most Valuable Player behind averages of 32.0 points, 7.4 rebounds, and 5.5 assists per game. 
To begin the first round of the 2014 NBA playoffs, he struggled against the physical play of the Grizzlies, converting on only 24 percent of his field goals in game 4. Through five games, the Thunder trailed the series 3–2, prompting "The Oklahoman" to dub Durant "Mr. Unreliable". He responded by scoring 36 points in a Game 6 victory. Oklahoma City eventually eliminated Memphis and the Los Angeles Clippers before losing to the San Antonio Spurs in the Western Conference Finals in six games.
Final seasons with the Thunder (2014–2016).
Prior to the start of the 2014–15 season, Durant was diagnosed with a Jones fracture in his right foot and was ruled out for six to eight weeks. Durant subsequently missed the first 17 games of the year, making his season debut for the Thunder on December 2 against the New Orleans Pelicans. On December 18, Durant injured his ankle against the Golden State Warriors, returning to action on December 31 against the Phoenix Suns to score a season-high 44 points. Durant then sprained his left big toe in late January. On February 22, he was sidelined again after undergoing a minor procedure to help reduce pain and discomfort in his surgically repaired right foot, and on March 27, Durant was officially ruled out for the rest of the season after deciding to undergo foot surgery. In just 27 games, he averaged 25.4 points, 6.6 rebounds, and 4.1 assists per game.
To begin the 2015–16 season, Durant and Westbrook reached several historical milestones together, including becoming the first pair of teammates to each score at least 40 points in a single game since 1996, doing so in a win over the Orlando Magic on October 30. For the year, Durant averaged 28.2 points, 8.2 rebounds, 5.0 assists, and 1.2 blocks per game, leading the Thunder to 55 wins and the third seed in the West. In Game 2 of the first round of the 2016 NBA playoffs against the Mavericks, Durant scored 21 points but converted only seven out of 33 shots in the worst postseason shooting performance of his career, both by shooting percentage and by number of shots missed. After defeating Dallas, Oklahoma City moved on to face the San Antonio Spurs in the second round, falling behind 2–1 to start the series. In Game 4, Durant tied his playoff career high with 41 points in a Thunder win. Oklahoma City eventually defeated the Spurs in six games, drawing a matchup with the record-setting 73-win Golden State Warriors in the Conference Finals. Despite going up 3–1, the Thunder were ousted in seven games, with Durant providing 27 points in Game 7.
Golden State Warriors (2016–2019).
First championship and finals MVP (2016–2017).
On July 4, Durant announced his intentions to sign with the Golden State Warriors in "The Players' Tribune". The move was received negatively by fans and pundits, who felt Durant took the easy route by forming a superteam with a Warriors squad coming off a record-setting 73-win season in 2016 and a championship in 2015, further compounded by the Thunder's blown 3–1 series lead against those same Warriors. On July 7, Durant officially signed with Golden State on a two-year, $54.3 million contract with a player option after the first year. Reflecting on the move for "Sports Illustrated", Ben Golliver wrote, "He chose an ideal roster fit and a shot at playing for the highest-scoring offense the NBA has seen in decades. He chose life alongside Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson, the greatest shooting backcourt in history, and he chose to go against Andre Iguodala and Draymond Green, two elite defenders, in practices rather than in Western Conference finals games."
Durant made his debut for the Warriors on October 25 against the San Antonio Spurs, scoring a team-high 27 points in a blowout loss. On November 26, he recorded 28 points, 10 rebounds, five assists, and a career-high six blocked shots in a win over the Minnesota Timberwolves, becoming the first player in team history to finish with at least 25 points, 10 rebounds, five assists, and five blocks in a single game. On February 11, in his first game back in Oklahoma City since leaving for Golden State, Durant scored 34 points while being booed throughout the night as he helped the Warriors defeat the Thunder for the third time that year. In March, Durant suffered a Grade 2 MCL sprain and a tibial bone bruise in his left knee, which forced him to miss the final 19 games of the season. The Warriors finished the 2016–17 season with a 67–15 record and entered the playoffs as the first seed.
Durant returned from injury in time for the 2017 NBA playoffs and helped the Warriors advance to their third consecutive Finals, while also becoming the first team in league history to start the postseason 12–0. In Game 1 of the series, Durant had 38 points, eight rebounds, and eight assists to lead the Warriors past LeBron James and the defending champion Cleveland Cavaliers. Durant then helped the Warriors go up 3–0 in the series with a 31-point effort in Game 3, including the go-ahead 3-pointer with 45.3 seconds left in regulation. In Game 5, he scored 39 points to go with seven rebounds and five assists in a series-clinching win. For the Finals, Durant was the Golden State's top scorer in every game, averaging 35.2 points, 8.4 rebounds, and 5.4 assists while shooting 55.5 percent from the field, 47.4 percent from three-point range, and 92.7 percent from the free throw line. He was subsequently named the NBA Finals MVP. The Warriors finished the playoffs with a 16–1 record, the best postseason winning percentage in NBA history.
Second championship and finals MVP (2017–2018).
After the 2017 NBA Finals, Durant declined his $27.7 million player option and became an unrestricted free agent. On July 25, he re-signed with the Warriors on a two-year, $51.25 million contract, taking less money than the maximum, which helped the franchise create enough salary cap space to keep their core roster intact and add free agents.
On January 10, Durant scored 40 points in a loss to the Los Angeles Clippers, becoming the second-youngest player in league history to reach the 20,000-point milestone. On January 23, he registered a career-high 14 assists in a win over the New York Knicks. On February 14, Durant scored a season-high 50 points in a loss to the Trail Blazers. In March, he missed games with a fractured rib, joining teammates Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson on the sidelines for the back-end of the season. The Warriors eventually finished the year with 58 wins and Durant set a career high for blocks in season with 119.
In Game 1 of the Western Conference Finals, Durant scored 37 points during a 119–106 victory over the higher-seeded Houston Rockets. Through six games, the Warriors found themselves trailing 3–2, and Durant was criticized for contributing to Golden State's struggles by playing too much in isolation. The Warriors staved off elimination in Game 6, and in Game 7, Durant scored 34 points, helping Golden State return to the Finals with a series-clinching victory.
In Game 3 of the 2018 NBA Finals, Durant recorded a playoff career-high 43 points, 13 rebounds, and seven assists in a win over the Cleveland Cavaliers, leading the Warriors to a 3–0 advantage. Golden State ultimately swept Cleveland and clinched a second straight championship; with averages of 28.8 points, 10.8 rebounds, and 7.5 assists. Durant won a second back-to-back Finals MVP Award.
Three-peat chase and injury (2018–2019).
On July 7, 2018, Durant re-signed with the Warriors, on a reported two-year, $61.5 million contract, which included a player option for the second year.
During an overtime loss to the Clippers on November 12, Draymond Green cursed out Durant over his upcoming free agency status after the season, and he was suspended for the much-publicized blowup. On November 29, Durant scored a season-high 51 points in a 131–128 overtime loss to the Toronto Raptors, thus scoring 40 or more in his third straight game. With Curry and Green sidelined for most of November, the Warriors finished the month with a 15–8 record and five straight road losses after starting the season at 10–1.
In Game 5 of the first round of the playoffs, he scored a playoff career-high 45 points in a 129–121 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers. In Game 6, he set a new playoff career high with 50 points in a 129–110 win to close out the series. During Game 5 of the Western Conference semifinals against the Houston Rockets, Durant suffered a right calf strain, subsequently missing Game 6, in which the Warriors won the series, as well as the entire Western Conference Finals against the Portland Trail Blazers, which the Warriors won in a four-game sweep.
After missing nine games with the strained right calf, Durant returned to action in Game 5 of the 2019 NBA Finals against Toronto, and scored 11 points in the first quarter. However, he was lost for the game two minutes into the second quarter when trying to drive by former teammate Serge Ibaka and suffered an Achilles tendon injury, falling and grabbing his lower right calf. Durant limped off the court and was helped to the locker room. The Warriors won the game 106–105 to cut the Raptors' series lead to 3–2. However, the Warriors went on to lose Game 6 by a score of 114–110, ending their quest for a three-peat.
Brooklyn Nets (2019–2023).
Year absence (2019–2020).
On June 30, 2019, Durant announced that he planned to sign with the Brooklyn Nets after the July moratorium ended on July 6. On July 1, Golden State CEO Joe Lacob announced that Durant's No. 35 will no longer be issued by the Warriors. Durant signed with Brooklyn on July 7 on a four-year, $164.3 million contract, in a sign-and-trade deal. Durant did not appear at all in the 2019–20 season and later revealed that he had decided shortly after his June 2019 injury that he would be sitting out the entire 2019–20 season. On March 17, 2020, Durant and three other Nets players tested positive for COVID-19. On April 1, it was announced that Durant was cleared and had recovered.
Return to the court (2020–2021).
On December 22, 2020, Durant made his Nets debut, putting up 22 points, five rebounds, three assists, and three steals, in a 125–99 win over his former team, the Golden State Warriors. On January 14, 2021, James Harden was traded to the Nets in a blockbuster four-team deal, reuniting Durant with his former Thunder teammate. On January 16, 2021, Durant scored a season-high 42 points in a 122–115 win over the Orlando Magic. On February 5, due to health and safety protocols, Durant came off the bench for the first time in his career in a 117–123 loss to the Toronto Raptors. In February, Durant suffered a hamstring injury, which forced him to miss 23 games. On April 2, the NBA fined Durant $50,000 for private messages he sent through social media to actor Michael Rapaport in a feud. Durant made his return on April 7, 2021, scoring 17 points off the bench in a 139–119 win over the New Orleans Pelicans. The Nets finished the season with a 48–24 record, and the second seed in the East.
In Game 4 of the first round of the playoffs, Durant scored 42 points in a 141–126 win over the Boston Celtics to take a 3–1 lead in the series. In Game 5, he scored 24 points in a 123–109 win to close out the series.
In Game 1 against the Milwaukee Bucks in the Eastern Conference semifinals, Durant had 29 points and 10 rebounds in a 115–107 victory. In Game 5, he put up 49 points, 17 rebounds, and 10 assists, leading the Nets to a 114–108 comeback victory. In Game 7, Durant dropped 48 points, nine rebounds, and six assists, including a two-pointer to send the game into overtime, in the 115–111 loss. Durant's game-tying two-pointer in regulation time was set to be a game-winning three-pointer to send the Nets to the conference finals, but his toe being on the three-point line ruled it a two-pointer. His 48 points were the most in a Game 7 in NBA playoff history at the time.
Playoff disappointment (2021–2022).
On August 8, 2021, Durant signed a four-year, $198 million extension with the Nets.
On October 22, Durant recorded his thirteenth career triple-double, and first as a Net with 29 points, 15 rebounds, and 12 assists in a 114–109 comeback win over the Philadelphia 76ers. On November 10, Durant scored 30 points on 11-for-12 shooting in a 123–90 win over the Orlando Magic. On December 12, Durant scored a then season-high 51 points in a 116–104 win over the Detroit Pistons. On December 14, Durant recorded his fourteenth career triple-double with 34 points, 13 rebounds, and 11 assists in a 131–129 overtime win over the Toronto Raptors. On December 16, Durant scored 34 points, grabbed 11 rebounds, and dished out eight assists in a 114–105 win against the 76ers. On January 15, 2022, during a 120–105 victory over the New Orleans Pelicans, Durant exited in the second quarter after suffering a left knee injury, later revealed to be a sprained MCL, and was subsequently ruled out for four to six weeks.
On March 3, his first game back from injury Durant scored 31 points in a 113–107 loss to the Miami Heat. Two days later, he became the 23rd player in NBA history to reach 25,000 points. On March 13, Durant scored a then season-high 53 points and set a career-high for field goal attempts with 37, grabbed six rebounds, delivered nine assists along with two steals in a 110–107 win over the New York Knicks. It was his 60th career 40-point performance and his eighth career 50-point performance. On March 21, Durant put up 37 points, nine rebounds, and eight assists in a 114–106 win over the Utah Jazz and moved past Jerry West into 22nd place on the NBA all-time career scoring list. On March 29, Durant scored 41 points, grabbed 11 rebounds, delivered five assists along with three blocks in a 130–123 win over the Detroit Pistons. On April 2, he scored a career-high 55 points on 19-of-28 shooting from the field and also had made a career high 8-of-10 3-pointers in a 122–115 loss to the Atlanta Hawks. On April 10, in the final game of the regular season, Durant recorded his sixteenth career triple-double with a career-high 16 assists and added 20 points, 10 rebounds in a 134–126 win over the Indiana Pacers to lock up 7th spot for the play-in tournament.
On April 12, Durant in his first play-in appearance scored 25 points, grabbed 5 rebounds, dished out 11 assists along with 2 steals, and 3 blocks in a 115–108 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers to secure the #7-seed spot for the playoffs. In Game 1 of the first round of the playoffs against the Boston Celtics, Durant passed Jerry West for eighth place on the NBA all-time playoff career scoring list. Brooklyn would go on to lose to Boston in four games despite Durant's 39-point, 7-rebound and 9-assist outing in the 116–112 close-out loss in Game 4. Over the first three contests, he would be held to just under 37% shooting from the field, including a 4-of-17 shooting performance in Game 2, in a series dominated by the Celtics' top-ranked defense as Durant was swept for the first time in his 14-year NBA career.
Offseason trade request (2022–2023).
On June 30, 2022, it was reported that Durant had requested a trade from the Nets. Durant's preferred trade destinations were the Phoenix Suns and the Miami Heat. The favorites to land Durant were the Toronto Raptors and Boston Celtics, two teams which he had also been interested in. On August 24, 2022, Durant rescinded his trade request after meeting with Nets management.
On October 24, Durant scored 37 points on 14-for-20 shooting from the field in a 134–124 loss against the Memphis Grizzlies and moved past Alex English into 20th place on the NBA all-time career scoring list. On October 31, Durant recorded 36 points, nine rebounds, and seven assists in a 116–109 win over the Indiana Pacers. He passed Vince Carter for 19th on the NBA all-time career scoring list. Durant scored at least 25 points in each of the first seven games of the season, the most in franchise history. On November 9, Durant posted a triple-double with 29 points, 12 rebounds and 12 assists in an 112–85 win over New York Knicks. His rebounds and assists were both season highs. On November 17, Durant scored 35 points in a 109–107 win over the Portland Trail Blazers. He became just the 19th player all-time to reach 26,000 career points. Durant also tied Michael Jordan for the sixth most consecutive 25-point games to start a season with 16. On November 23, Durant passed Kevin Garnett for 18th place on the NBA all-time career scoring list in an 112–98 win over the Toronto Raptors. On November 29, Durant scored a season-high 45 points on 19-of-24 shooting from the field and added seven rebounds and five assists in 109–102 win over the Orlando Magic.
On December 18, Durant scored a career-high 26 of his 43 points in the third quarter, helping the Nets overcome a 17-point halftime deficit in a 124–121 victory over the Detroit Pistons. He was 8-of-10 from the floor, going 3 of 3 on 3-pointers and 7 of 7 from the free-throw line as he outscored the Pistons 26–25 in the third quarter. Durant has scored at least 40 points in his last three games against Detroit – the first player to do that since Rick Barry in the 1966–67 season. Durant also passed John Havlicek and Paul Pierce for 16th place on the NBA all-time career scoring list. On December 26, Durant put up 32 points, nine rebounds, and five assists in a 125–117 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers and moved past Tim Duncan for 15th on the NBA all-time career scoring list. In the next game, Durant had 26 points, a season-high 16 rebounds and 8 assists, and the Brooklyn Nets won their 10th straight game, 108–107 over the Atlanta Hawks. On January 3, despite Durant's 44-point outing on 15-of-22 shooting, 5-of-10 from three and 9-of-9 from the free throw line, the Chicago Bulls ended Brooklyn's 12-game winning streak. On January 8, Durant passed Dominique Wilkins for No. 14 on the NBA all-time career scoring list, though he ultimately exited the game against Miami with a right knee injury. The Nets closed out a 102–101 victory for their 18th win in 20 games. On January 26, Durant was named an Eastern Conference starter for the 2023 NBA All-Star Game, marking his thirteenth overall selection and eleventh as a starter.
Phoenix Suns (2023–2025).
55–40–90 season (2023).
On February 9, 2023, the Nets traded Durant, along with T. J. Warren, to the Phoenix Suns in exchange for Mikal Bridges, Cameron Johnson, Jae Crowder, four unprotected first-round picks, and a 2028 first-round pick swap. Although Durant wanted to continue wearing No. 7 as he did in Brooklyn, the number was retired by the Suns in honor of Kevin Johnson. As a result, Durant announced that he would return to wearing the No. 35 jersey, which he had worn throughout his college and professional career prior to joining the Nets.
After being listed out since January 8 with a right knee injury, Durant made his Suns debut on March 1 against the Charlotte Hornets. He put up 23 points on 10-of-15 shooting in 27 minutes, contributing to the Suns' 105–91 win. On March 3 against the Chicago Bulls, Durant had another efficient night, scoring 20 points on 7-of-10 shooting. In addition, he moved up to 13th on the all-time scoring list, surpassing Oscar Robertson. Against the Dallas Mavericks on March 5, Durant led all scorers with 37 points, going 12-of-17 from the field and hitting the game-winning jump shot with 11.7 seconds left, guiding the Suns to a narrow 130–126 victory. Prior to his expected home debut against the Oklahoma City Thunder on March 8, Durant slipped on the court during pregame warmups and injured his left ankle. He was ruled out roughly 15 minutes before the opening tip-off. A day later, the Suns announced that Durant had suffered a left ankle sprain and would be re-evaluated in three weeks. After missing the last 10 games, he made his return on March 29 against the Minnesota Timberwolves. In his home debut, Durant put up 16 points and eight rebounds in 29 minutes, contributing to a 107–100 win. In his eight games with Phoenix, Durant finished with an 8–0 record, averaging 26.0 points in 33.6 minutes per game and helping the Suns finish fourth in the Western Conference. He also finished the regular season shooting over 55% from the field, over 40% from three-point range, and over 90% from the free throw line, becoming the first player in NBA history to achieve those shooting splits in a season.
On April 16, Durant in his Suns playoff debut posted a near triple-double with 27 points, 9 rebounds and a playoff career-high 11 assists in a 115–110 loss against the Los Angeles Clippers. In Game 4 of the Suns' first-round playoff series against the Clippers, Durant logged 31 points, 11 rebounds and six assists in a 129–124 win, to lead the Suns to a 3–1 series lead. Four days later in Game 5 against the Clippers, Durant scored 31 points in a 136–130 win to close out the series. In Game 2 of the Western Conference semifinals against the Denver Nuggets, Durant passed Karl Malone to climb into seventh place for NBA postseason scoring. Four days later, Durant recorded 39 points, nine rebounds and eight assists in a 121–114 Game 3 win. The Suns eventually lost the series to the eventual NBA champion Nuggets in six games. However, throughout Denver's entire championship run, Phoenix was the only team to win more than one game against the Nuggets in a single playoff series.
Top 10 in all-time scoring (2023–2024).
On October 31, 2023, Durant put up 26 points in a 115–114 loss to the San Antonio Spurs. He passed Hakeem Olajuwon for 12th on the all-time career scoring list and became the 12th player all-time to reach 27,000 career points. On November 17, Durant recorded 38 points, nine rebounds and nine assists on 15-of-22 shooting from the field in a 131–128 win over the Utah Jazz. On November 21, Durant put up 31 points in a 120–107 win over the Portland Trail Blazers. He also passed Elvin Hayes for 11th place on the all-time career scoring list. On December 1, Durant put up 30 points and 11 assists in a 119–111 loss to the reigning NBA champion Denver Nuggets in a rematch of the previous season's Western Conference Semi-Finals. He also passed Moses Malone for 10th place on the all-time career scoring list. On December 27, Durant put up his 18th career triple-double, dropping 27 points, 10 rebounds and tying his career-high with 16 assists in a 129–113 victory over the Houston Rockets.
On January 21, 2024, Durant scored 40 points and grabbed nine rebounds on 18-of-25 shooting from the field in a 117–110 win over the Indiana Pacers. He became the first Sun and the 14th player in NBA history to score 40 points with zero free throw attempts. On January 22, Durant put up 43 points, six rebounds, and eight assists alongside a game-winning mid-range jumpshot in a 115–113 win over the Chicago Bulls. On January 25, Durant was named a Western Conference starter for the 2024 NBA All-Star Game, marking his fourteenth overall selection and twelfth as a starter. On January 28, in a game against the Orlando Magic, Durant became the 10th player in NBA history to reach 28,000 career points. On January 31, Durant made his return to Brooklyn for the first time since getting traded. In the game, Durant finished with 33 points, eight assists, and five rebounds in a 136–120 victory over the Brooklyn Nets. On February 23, Durant put up 28 points, 11 rebounds, and eight assists in a 114–110 loss to the Rockets. He also passed Carmelo Anthony for 9th place on the all-time career scoring list. On March 9, Durant scored a season-high 45 points along with 10 rebounds and assists in a 117–107 loss against the Boston Celtics. On March 20, Durant passed Shaquille O'Neal for eighth place on the all-time scoring list, finishing with 22 points in the Suns' 115–102 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers.
Durant finished the season averaging 27.1 points (fifth-highest in the league) and shot 52.3% from the field, 41.3% from three-point range, and 85.6% from the free throw line, one of just three qualified players to shoot at least 50/40/85 in those respective categories. Alongside Devin Booker, they became the third pair of teammates in NBA history to each average 27-plus points in the same season. In the playoffs, Durant averaged 26.8 points on 55.2% shooting from the field as he and the Suns were swept by the Minnesota Timberwolves in the first round, marking Durant's second time getting swept in the last three seasons.
30,000 points and missing playoffs (2024–2025).
On October 26, 2024, in a game against the Dallas Mavericks, Durant reached 29,000 career points, becoming the eighth player to accomplish the feat. He led the Suns to a franchise-record 8–1 start, including a seven-game win streak before suffering a left calf strain on November 8 in a 114–113 victory over the Dallas Mavericks. Durant missed seven games, during which Phoenix went 1–6, and returned on November 27, posting 23 points and six rebounds in a 127–100 win over the Los Angeles Lakers. His return was short-lived, however, as he sprained his left ankle on December 3 in a 104–93 victory against the San Antonio Spurs. Durant missed three games, during which Phoenix went 0–3, and returned on December 13, scoring 30 points and dishing out 8 assists in a 134–126 win over the Utah Jazz. On December 21, Durant scored a season-high 43 points in a 133–125 loss against the Detroit Pistons.
On January 25, 2025, Durant was named a Western Conference starter for the 2025 NBA All-Star Game, marking his fifteenth overall selection and thirteenth as a starter. On February 11, in a game against the Memphis Grizzlies, Durant achieved 30,000 career points. On March 21, Durant had 42 points, six rebounds and eight assists in a 123–112 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers. With this performance, Durant joined LeBron James as the only players in NBA history to score 40 points against all 30 active teams. On March 30 against the Houston Rockets, Durant left the game in the third quarter with an ankle injury and did not return as the Suns lost 148–109. The injury sidelined him for the remainder of the season, as the Suns went 1–6 in their final seven games and finished 11th in the Western Conference, missing the postseason entirely. Durant finished the season leading the team in scoring with 26.6 points, 6.0 rebounds, and 4.2 assists in 62 games this season, but the season-ending injury caused him to fall short of the 65-game minimum required for end-of-season accolades. The Suns posted a 33–29 record with Durant in the lineup and went 3–17 in games he missed.
Houston Rockets (2025–present).
On July 6, 2025, Durant was traded to the Houston Rockets in a seven-team trade, the largest in NBA history.
National team career.
In February 2007, Durant received an invitation to the United States national team training camp. Despite a strong performance, he was cut from the team when its roster was trimmed to its twelve-player limit. Coach Mike Krzyzewski cited the experience of the remaining players as the deciding factor in making the cut. Durant was finally selected to the national team at the 2010 FIBA World Championship and became their leader as other All-Stars were unavailable, a role he downplayed. At the tournament, he led Team USA to its first FIBA World Championship since 1994, earning tournament MVP honors in the process. Durant's final averages for the competition were 22.8 points, 6.1 rebounds, 1.8 assists, and 1.4 steals per game in nine games. In December, Durant was named 2010 USA Basketball Male Athlete of the Year for the first time in his career.
At the 2012 Olympics, Durant set the record for total points scored in an Olympic basketball tournament. With averages of 19.5 points, 5.8 rebounds, 2.6 assists, and 1.6 steals per game, he helped the national team go undefeated en route to a gold medal. In the tournament's final game, Durant led all scorers with 30 points. Less than a month before the start of the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup, Durant announced that he would be dropping out of the competition, citing mental and physical exhaustion as reasons for his departure. He rejoined Team USA on the 2016 Olympic team, where he led them to a gold medal. Durant's final averages for the competition were 19.4 points, 5.0 rebounds and 3.5 assists per game in eight games. In recognition of his performances, Durant was named the 2016 co-USA Basketball Male Athlete of the Year, along with Carmelo Anthony, for the second time in his career.
Durant committed to playing on the 2020 Olympic team, delayed until 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. He entered the Games ranked second in U.S. men's Olympic basketball history with 311 career points, needing 25 to match Anthony's record of 336. He broke Anthony's record on July 31 against the Czech Republic, and led the unheralded U.S. squad to a gold medal, with FIBA naming him the tournament's MVP. Durant's 20.7 points per game set a U.S. Olympic men's single-competition record for points averaged, and he tied Carmelo Anthony for most Olympic gold medals (three). Durant is also one of just four U.S. male basketball athletes to play in three or more Olympics. In recognition of his accomplishments in the tournament, Durant was named 2021 USA Basketball Male Athlete of the Year for the third time in his career.
In 2024, aged 35, Durant made his fourth Olympic appearance on the 2024 Olympic team. He missed all of the exhibition games due to a calf injury he suffered, making his first appearance with the new-look squad against Serbia. On August 4, Durant became the United States' all-time rebounding leader at the Olympics, surpassing Carmelo Anthony, in a win against Puerto Rico. On August 7, he became the United States' all-time Olympic scoring leader, surpassing Lisa Leslie of the women's team, in a quarterfinal win against Brazil. Team USA won the gold medal in a rematch against France, making Durant the first and only four-time gold medalist in men's basketball.
From 2010 to 2024, Durant played with the senior men's United States national team in 37 official games, in major FIBA tournaments, averaging 18.8 points, 4.9 rebounds and 2.9 assists. Overall, he brought home five gold medals as member of the national team: four from Olympic tournaments and one from the 2010 FIBA World Championship. Durant, who has led the US in scoring in three of his four Olympic appearances and at the 2010 FIBA World Championship, owns nine U.S. Olympic men's career records, including the top spot for points (518), points averaged (18.5), rebounds (137), field goals made (173) and attempted (326), 3-point field goals made (88) and attempted (175), free throws made (84) and attempted (96).
Player profile.
Durant's height is officially listed as and his primary position is small forward. In December 2016, when his height was still listed as 6 ft 9 in, Durant stated that his height in shoes was actually and that he understated his height in order to be listed as a small forward, rather than a power forward. Durant's career averages are 27.2 points, 7.0 rebounds, and 4.4 assists per game. Widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time, Durant has earned All-NBA honors 11 times (2010–2014, 2016–2019, 2022, 2024) and was voted rookie of the year in his debut season. He has also won an MVP Award and finished second in the voting thrice, a trend that he has expressed frustration over.
Durant is best known for his prodigious scoring ability. From 2010 to 2014, he won four scoring titles, becoming one of only two players to win four scoring titles in a five-year span. Early in his career, his playing style was isolation-driven, but Durant quickly developed into an excellent off-ball player who was capable of scoring from the outside as well. By 2013, he was shooting at a historically great clip, which helped him become one of only nine members of the 50–40–90 club. This ability to impact the offense in a variety of ways helped Durant remain effective and improve an already elite offense upon joining the Warriors in 2016. Throughout his career, Durant's height and wingspan have created matchup problems for defenses as he is able to get off a clean shot regardless of the situation. Upon beating his man or gaining momentum, Durant also becomes a strong finisher at the rim; for example, he converted 72.2% of shots in the paint in 2012.
Early in Durant's career, he was criticized for his slim build, defense, and passing. Over time, Durant grew as a playmaker, increasing his assist numbers every year from 2010 to 2014, though his overall vision still lagged behind the league's best passers'. Durant also showed defensive improvement, with opponents averaging just .62 points per isolation play against him in 2014, the best success rate for defensive players who faced at least 100 isolations that season. Upon going to Golden State, Durant developed into a more reliable off-ball defender and rim protector, and in 2018 was considered for the NBA Defensive Player of the Year Award.
Personal life.
Durant is very close with his mother, Wanda, a relationship that was detailed in the Lifetime movie "The Real MVP: The Wanda Durant Story". During his time with the Thunder, Durant described himself as a "high school kid" who enjoys playing video games in his spare time. Durant is a Christian who attended Baptist schools. He has religious tattoos on his stomach, wrist, and back. Durant owns several properties in the Oklahoma City area and listed his primary residence, located in the affluent Club Villa neighborhood, for sale for $1.95 million in 2013. That same year, Durant opened a restaurant, KD's Southern Cuisine, in the Bricktown neighborhood and briefly became engaged to Monica Wright, a WNBA player. In 2016, Durant was a credentialed photographer for "The Players' Tribune" at Super Bowl 50.
Durant was formerly represented by agents Aaron Goodwin and Rob Pelinka. He left Pelinka in 2013 and signed with the Roc Nation group, headed by Jay-Z. Durant has endorsement deals with Nike, Sprint, Gatorade, Panini, General Electric, and 2K Sports. In 2012, he tried his hand at acting, appearing in the children's film "Thunderstruck". In 2013, Durant earned $35 million, making him the fourth-highest-earning basketball player that year. In an interview with "Sports Illustrated", Durant claimed that, despite his high earnings potential, "global marketing and all that stuff" does not interest him.
One of the most popular players in the NBA, Durant's jersey regularly ranks as one of the league's best-selling and he is consistently one of the top All-Star vote-getters. Early in his career, Durant developed a reputation for his kind demeanor; in 2013, Foot Locker released a series of commercials calling him the "nicest guy in the NBA", and become a beloved figure in Oklahoma City, known for his "nice escapades" toward the Thunder's staff. In 2014, Durant partnered with KIND snacks and launched StrongAndKind.com to show "being kind is not a sign of weakness." Since leaving the Thunder, Durant became more outspoken and controversial; for example, he was involved in a Twitter back-and-forth with CJ McCollum in July 2018. Durant has admitted to feeling more genuine in Golden State as opposed to Oklahoma City, where he was "just trying to please everybody." Durant is very active on Twitter, often engaging in chippy comments with fans and members of the media.
Throughout his career, Durant has participated in philanthropic causes. In 2013, he pledged $1 million to the American Red Cross for the victims of the 2013 Moore tornado. Durant's generosity inspired the Thunder and Nike to match his donation. Durant is also a spokesperson for the Washington, D. C. branch of P'Tones Records, a nationwide non-profit after-school music program.
Durant's hometown Seat Pleasant in Prince George's County, Maryland announced Kevin Durant Day as August 17, 2017 in honor of his contributions to the community, as well as for his back-to-back NBA Championship wins and NBA Finals MVP awards.
In 2017, Durant became involved with YouTube. In February, he visited YouTube's headquarters for a speaking engagement. On April 7, 2017, Durant created a YouTube account and soon began to upload live stream vlogs onto it. In his first vlog, Durant detailed, "I'm so excited because I got off social media. I got off the Instagram, Twitter, all that stuff, just to distance myself a bit. But somebody talked me into getting on the YouTube." As of June 2020, Durant's YouTube channel has received over 790,000 subscribers and 38 million video views. On February 13, 2018, "Deadline" reported that Durant, in partnership with producer Brian Grazer's Imagine Television, will create a basketball-themed scripted drama for Apple.
In 2017, Durant and business partner Rich Kleiman founded Thirty Five Ventures. In 2020, Thirty Five Ventures produced "Basketball County", a documentary about youth basketball in Durant's home county of Prince George's County, Maryland. Durant served as an executive producer and appeared in interviews. Thirty Five Ventures' work "Two Distant Strangers" won the 2021 Academy Award for Short Film (Live Action).
Durant was included in "Time" magazine's 100 Most Influential People of 2018.
On June 15, 2020, Durant became a minority owner of MLS side Philadelphia Union, acquiring a 5% stake with the possibility to add another 5% in the near future.
In August 2021, Durant announced a partnership between his multimedia company Boardroom and the cannabis technology company Weedmaps through which an original content series would be developed and Weedmaps would become an official sponsor of Boardroom. Durant said of the partnership: "I think it's far past time to address the stigmas around cannabis that still exist in the sports world as well as globally. This partnership is going to help us continue to normalize those conversations, as well as create content, events, and a lot more through our Boardroom media network."
In May 2021, Durant (through Thirty Five Ventures) was announced as an investor in Just Women's Sports, an American media platform dedicated to women's sports. Durant credited the platform with showing "fans exactly how good these players are and why they're worth watching."
"Swagger", a TV show inspired by Durant's life story, premiered on Apple TV+ on October 29, 2021. Durant served as an executive producer.
On December 22, 2021, Durant had signed a deal with Coinbase to serve as a brand ambassador.
In October 2022, Durant joined fellow professional athletes LeBron James, Tom Brady, and Drew Brees as an investor in a professional pickleball team with his business partner, Rich Kleiman, via their Thirty Five Ventures (35V) firm.
Career statistics.
Source:
Awards and honors.
NBA
USA Basketball
NCAA
Media

</doc>
<doc id="6933106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933106" title="Tibetan tantric practice">
Tibetan tantric practice

Tibetan tantric practice, also known as "the practice of secret mantra", and "tantric techniques", refers to the main tantric practices in Tibetan Buddhism. The great Rime scholar Jamgön Kongtrül refers to this as "the Process of Meditation in the Indestructible Way of Secret Mantra" and also as "the way of mantra", "way of method" and "the secret way" in his "Treasury of Knowledge". These Vajrayāna Buddhist practices are mainly drawn from the Buddhist tantras and are generally not found in "common" (i.e. non-tantric) Mahayana. These practices are seen by Tibetan Buddhists as the fastest and most powerful path to Buddhahood.
In Tibetan Buddhism, the higher tantric yogas are generally preceded by preliminary practices (Tib. "ngondro"), which include sutrayana practices (i.e. non-tantric Mahayana practices) as well as preliminary tantric meditations. Tantric initiation is required to enter into the practice of tantra.
"Unsurpassable Yoga Tantra" (Skt. , also known as "Mahayoga") are in turn seen as the highest tantric practices in Tibetan Buddhism. Anuttarayoga tantric practice is divided into two stages, the "generation stage" and the "completion stage." In the generation stage, one meditates on emptiness and visualizes one's chosen deity ("yidam"), its mandala and companion deities, resulting in identification with this divine reality (called "divine pride"). This is also known as deity yoga ("devata yoga").
In the completion stage, the focus is shifted from the form of the deity to direct realization of ultimate reality (which is defined and explained in various ways). Completion stage practices also include techniques that work with the subtle body substances (Skt. , Tib. "thigle") and "vital winds" ("vayu, lung"), as well as the luminous or clear light nature of the mind. They are often grouped into different systems, such as the six dharmas of Naropa, or the six yogas of Kalachakra.
There are also practices and methods which are sometimes seen as being outside of the two tantric stages, mainly Mahamudra and Dzogchen ("Atiyoga").
Philosophical view.
The philosophical view of Indo-Tibetan Vajrayāna is based on the Madhyamaka and Yogacara schools of Buddhist philosophy. The major difference seen by Vajrayāna thinkers between tantra and common Mahayana is that tantric Buddhism contains numerous useful methods ("upaya") not found in Mahayana, which provide a faster vehicle to liberation. For example, the Nyingma scholar Ju Mipham writes that secret mantra has a "distinctive abundance of skillful methods" which allows one to awaken in a swift manner and without hardships.
In Tibetan Buddhist tantra, the Madhyamaka theory of emptiness is central, and it is generally held that one must have some understanding of emptiness before practicing tantra. The doctrine of Buddha-nature or "Buddha embryo" ("tathāgatagarbha") and the doctrine of the luminous nature of the mind (Skt: , T. "’od gsal gyi sems") or purity of the mind ("prakrti-parisuddha") are also important theories for Tantric practice. According to Tibetan Buddhism, all beings are seen as containing the "buddha embryo". Even though this Buddha potential is innately present, it is covered over by defilements.
In Tibetan Buddhism, there is said to be no strict separation between "samsara" and "nirvana", rather they exist in a continuum. Indeed, "continuum" is the main meaning of the term "tantra" (Tib. "rgyud"). It is this continuum that connects samsara and nirvana that forms the theoretical foundation for Vajrayana practice. This "tantra" is referred to by numerous terms, such as the causal continuum, Buddha nature, ultimate bodhicitta, mind's emptiness of true existence, the ground, the ground maṇḍala, the "ground of all", the original Buddha, the authentic condition, primordial reality, "affinity for enlightenment", "essence of enlightenment", "pristine awareness", and "ineffable emptiness and clarity."
The Nyingma master Longchenpa meanwhile refers to this ground as "basic space, the utterly lucid nature of phenomena, completely pure by its very nature" and as "timeless awareness as the basic space of phenomena."
In Tibetan Buddhism, there are actually said to be three "continuums" ("tantras"):
As Jamgön Kongtrül states, the tantra of cause "denotes the mind of awakening [bodhicitta], Ever-Perfect (Samantabhadra), which has neither beginning nor end, in nature luminous clarity. It is 'continuous' since, from time without beginning up to the attainment of enlightenment, it has always been present without any interruption." Furthermore, from the perspective of Unsurpassed Yoga Tantra, the causal continuum is said to abide in the center of the body as "the pristine awareness dimension of the nature of great bliss." Thus, the "Hevajra Tantra" states:
Great pristine awareness is present in the body. Totally devoid of all conceptuality; It is that which pervades all things. Although abiding in the body, it did not arise from it.
There is disagreement among the different Tibetan scholars on the nature of the ground continuum. Some explain it as a mere emptiness of inherent existence (i.e. as a non-implicative negation sometimes termed "rangtong"). Others explain it as a negation that implies the presence of positive qualities, a view called "shentong". There is further disagreement among Tibetan Buddhist thinkers on whether Buddhist tantra has a different view than non-tantric ("Sūtra") Mahayana Buddhist thought. In the Gelug school for example, it is said there is no difference in the view of tantra and the Madhyamaka view of emptiness of inherent existence (which is considered the highest). The only difference is in method.
However, some thinkers of the Nyingma school (such as Rongzom and Ju Mipham) do argue that there is a higher view in tantra. According to Mipham, this difference lies in "the way that the subject sees the basic space of phenomena." Mipham explains this view as follows: "all phenomena that comprise appearance and existence are primordially pure as the maṇḍala of enlightened body, speech, and mind." This "maṇḍala of the ground", is "the ultimate natural state of all phenomena, which is primordially of an enlightened nature within great purity and equality."
Tantric yoga theory.
A key fundamental theory of Tantric practice is the theory of transformation which states that negative mental factors such as desire, hatred, greed, pride may be used and transformed as part of the path to liberation. This view can be seen in the "Hevajra tantra" which states "By passion the world is bound, by passion too it is released" and "one knowing the nature of poison may dispel poison with poison."
Another distinguishing feature of tantric yoga in Tibetan Buddhism is that tantra uses the resultant state of Buddhahood as the path (or in some schools such as Gelug, a similitude of Buddhahood), Thus it is known as the effect vehicle or result vehicle ("phalayana") which "brings the effect to the path".
In Tibetan Buddhism, it is generally held that tantric yoga methods are a faster path to the achievement of calm and insight, and can lead to Buddhahood in one lifetime. According to Jamgön Kongtrül, this is because tantra has access to an abundance of "skillful methods in the three trainings and all spheres of experience." Furthermore these methods are free from hardships, such as asceticism and lead to "the mind of great bliss". Thus, according to tantric master Buddhagupta, "due to its swiftness, bliss, and skillful methods, it is said to be superior."
According to the 14th Dalai Lama, the methods of tantra are superior because only tantra makes use of what is called "the Vajrasattva meditative stabilization", which refers to a non-dual consciousness that unites the appearance of the body of a Buddha deity with the realization of emptiness. According to the Dalai Lama, "this composite of method and wisdom—the appearance of a deity empty of true existence, like an illusion—is an affirming negative, an absence of inherent existence as well as a positive appearance."
Tibetan Buddhist tantric practice generally focuses on "Unsurpassed Yoga Tantra", which is said to be superior to other "lower" tantric practices. According to the 14th Dalai Lama, this is because only Unsurpassed Yoga Tantra teaches "the extremely subtle fundamental innate mind of clear light"."" In the Nyingma school, this is also called "essential purity", while in the New Translation Schools it is also called "the completion stage of ultimate clear light."
Tantric yoga is usually divided into two stages, the generation stage ("utpattikrama") and the completion stage ("nispannakrama"). In the generation stage practice of deity yoga ("devata-yoga"), one dissolves oneself and the world in emptiness and visualizes oneself as a "cherished divinity" (Skt. "Iṣṭa-devatā," Tib. "yidam"). This involves the recitation of mantras, prayers and visualization of the deity along with the associated mandala of the deity. In the completion stage yogas, the visualization of and identification with the deity is dissolved in the realization of luminous emptiness. Various subtle body yogas such as "tummo" (inner heat) and other techniques such as dream yoga also belong to this stage.
Classification.
There are numerous forms of tantric practice, some of which are seen as more advanced and difficult than others. In Tibetan Buddhism, they are classified into different categories (either four or six).
Nyingma (Ancient school).
The Nyingma school meanwhile, has six main tantra categories instead of four, but their key points are the same as in Sarma. Thus, the great Nyingma scholar Jamgön Ju Mipham Gyatso states, "the entirety of the unsurpassable mantra is alike in that one is first ripened by the four empowerments and then applies the key points of the path of the two stages." Mipham briefly defines the two stages as "the practices of deity and mantra" and "the methods for applying the key points concerning the channels." Regarding the divisions of tantra, Mipham states: "There are two divisions in secret mantra: inner mantra and outer mantra. The first is practiced by means of considering oneself and the practiced deity to be equal and without any difference in terms of quality and identity. The second is practiced by considering oneself and the deity to be different in terms of the relative, both qualitatively and in terms of identity, and receiving the blessing of the deity in one's own stream of being."
The first three categories are the same as in the Sarma classification. Thus, in Mipham's "Luminous Essence", a commentary to the "Guhyagarbha Tantra", action tantra is explained as relying on more ritual actions and on the blessings of the deity, while yoga tantra is seen as not relying on outer actions and on seeing oneself and the deity as being indistinguishable. Meanwhile, performance tantra is seen as containing both of these inner and outer elements.
Regarding the last three "inner" tantras, Mipham states that here one realizes the unity of oneself and the deity and sees that "all that appears and exists is pure and equal."
The "inner tantras" are:
Sarma (New Translation schools).
The Sarma, "New Translation" schools of Tibetan Buddhism (Gelug, Sakya, Kagyu, Jonang) classify tantric practices and texts into four categories or "doors" of entry. They are classified according to the capacity of persons who they were taught for, as well as according to the strength of how they use desire and the specific types of methods they employ. This classification represents the main body of tantras in the Kangyur and was accepted by most Indian and Tibetan Sarma masters. The four classes of tantra are:
Deity yoga (Wylie: "lha'i rnal 'byor"; Sanskrit: "devata-yoga") is the main method in Buddhist tantra and it is found in all four classes of tantra. It relies on the imagination to visualize a Buddhist deity (usually a Buddha). In Action, Performance and Yoga Tantra (known as "the lower tantras"), practice is divided into yoga with signs (where the focus is on the deity's appearance "and" emptiness) and yoga without signs (which is mainly concerned with meditation on emptiness). Meanwhile, in the higher yogas of Anuttarayogatantra, practice is divided into two stages, the generation stage and the completion stage.
Preliminaries and requirements.
In Tibetan Buddhism, it is generally held that one practices common Mahayana first, that is to say, the bodhisattva's six perfections, before practicing tantra. Furthermore, according to Tsongkhapa, since Vajrayana is also a part of Mahayana, one does not abandon the Mahayana practice of the perfections, but continues to practice these alongside tantra. Jamgön Kongtrül states that ordinary individuals first must train in the Mahayana and only exceptional individuals can begin their spiritual path with tantra. Kongtrül also states that those entering into tantra must possess inalienable faith in the Vajrayana, as well as great diligence in study, reflection and meditation driven by the wish to reach awakening in this life.
Preliminary practices.
All schools of Tibetan Buddhism teach various preliminary or foundational practices called "ngöndro". These are supposed to prepare the student for tantric practice. There are two main types of preliminary practices, common (or outer) and uncommon (or inner) preliminaries. Common preliminaries are practices which are shared with non-tantric Buddhism. These include taking refuge in the three jewels, the cultivation of love ("maitrī"), compassion ("karu"ṇ"ā") and "bodhicitta" (the mind which seeks awakening in order to help others), and the "four thoughts that turn the mind" (the preciousness of human birth, suffering, karma and impermanence).
Uncommon preliminaries include tantric elements, such as mantras and visualization practices or are done specifically to prepare for tantra. Uncommon preliminaries include the practice of Vajrasattva purification, Mandala offerings, and Guru Yoga.
Empowerment.
To practice tantric yoga, it is considered necessary to receive a tantric empowerment or initiation (Skt. ; Tib. "wang") from a qualified tantric master ("Vajracarya", "vajra master"). The Sanskrit term "abhiṣeka" refers to ritual bathing or anointing. Mipham states that empowerment produces the view of mantra in one's being and that this is the basis for the practice of Vajrayana. According to Mipham, 
empowerment is the indispensable initial entry point for the practice of mantra. The reason for this is that the profound empowerment ritual produces a sudden manifestation of the ground maṇḍala that dwells primordially within oneself. This refers to the indivisible truths of purity and equality, which are very difficult to realize.
Kongtrül defines initiation as "what makes the [student's] mind fully ripened by planting the special seeds of the resultant four dimensions of awakening in the aggregates, elements, and sense fields of the recipient." It is also associated with the conferral of authority, in this case, someone is authorized to cultivate the tantric path.
Initiation includes introducing the student to a specific mandala (which may be made from flowers, colored powders, grains, paint and a mental mandala). One is not allowed to practice tantra without having received the particular initiation. Some simpler mantra methods, such as reciting the mani mantra, are open to all however.
Traditionally, there are technically three requirements before a student may begin a tantric practice:
In Unsurpassed Yoga Tantra, the ritual procedure generally includes four "wangs" (though it may include more, depending on the system):
Samaya.
After receiving initiation into a tantric practice, one will receive certain tantric pledges or vows, called "samaya." These must be kept in order for the practice to be effective. According to the 14th Dalai Lama, "one must properly maintain the correct view of emptiness and the altruistic mind of enlightenment, not losing these even for the sake of one's life. These are again and again said to be the root of the vows and pledges." According to Tsongkhapa, tantric pledges are only conferred for Yoga Tantra or Highest Yoga Tantra initiates, for the other types of tantric practice, only the bodhisattva vows are necessary.
Secrecy is often a cornerstone of tantric Buddhist samaya. It traditionally forbidden to reveal any knowledge of tantric symbols and practice to the uninitiated, which can easily lead to misunderstanding and dismissal by those who have not been initiated.
This secrecy is meant to avoid the harm which may arise by practicing without proper guidance. Tantric practice relies on oral transmissions and instructions given personally from teacher to student. They are kept secret because they demand a certain maturity on the part of the student. Otherwise they may have a negative effect on the student and on others. Such teachings describe certain meditative states and how to attain them, as well as how to work with the defilements on the path and how to use the subtle body in meditation. The 14th Dalai Lama states:The Secret Mantra Vehicle is hidden because it is not appropriate for the minds of many persons. Practices for achieving activities of pacification, increase, control, and fierceness, which are not even presented in the Perfection Vehicle, are taught in the Mantra Vehicle but in hiding because those with impure motivation would harm both themselves and others by engaging in them. If one's mental continuum has not been ripened by the practices common to both Sūtra and Tantra Great Vehicle—realization of suffering, impermanence, refuge, love, compassion, altruistic mind-generation, and emptiness of inherent existence—practice of the Mantra Vehicle can be ruinous through assuming an advanced practice inappropriate to one's capacity. Therefore, its open dissemination is prohibited; practitioners must maintain secrecy from those who are not vessels of this path.
Guru yoga.
In Tibetan Buddhism, a guru or lama (spiritual teacher) is seen as an essential guide during tantric practice. Without the guru's example, blessings (or "inspiration") and guidance, genuine progress in tantra is held to be impossible for all but the most keen and gifted.
Guru yoga (or 'teacher practice'; Tib: "bla ma'i rnal 'byor") is a practice that has many variations, but may be understood as a tantric devotional process where the practitioner unites their mindstream with the mindstream of the guru's Body, Speech and Mind. Guru yoga is akin to Deity yoga since the guru (which could be a Buddha, a historical figure like Padmasambhava or a living person) is visualized like a meditational deity. The process of guru yoga may entail visualization of a refuge tree as an invocation of the lineage, with the root guru channeling the blessings of the refuge tree (and thus the entire lineage) to the practitioner. It might also just involve visualization of the guru above the meditator, in front of them or in their heart. Guru yoga may also entail a liturgy, prayer or mantra, such as the "Seven Line Prayer" of Padmasambhava, or the "Migtsema "(a Prayer to Lama Tsongkhapa).
Main practice: Deity yoga.
In the lower tantras.
Deity yoga is the central practice of Buddhist Tantra. In the three lower or "outer" tantras (Action, Performance and Yoga), Deity yoga practice is often divided into "the yoga with signs", and "the yoga without signs".
Deity yoga engages creative visualization as a skillful means of personal transformation through which the practitioner ("sadhaka") visualizes a chosen deity ("yidam") as part of a mandala or refuge tree in order transform their experience of the appearance aspect of reality. As the 14th Dalai Lama says, "In brief, the body of a Buddha is attained through meditating on it".
In the higher tantras.
Generation stage.
The generation stage or creation phase (Tib. "bskyed rim"; Skt. ), also known as "the phase of imagination" and "the yoga of fabrications" is the first phase of tantric deity yoga in the Unsurpassed Yoga Tantra of the later schools of Tibetan Buddhism. It also equates to the Mahayoga of the Nyingma school. Kongtrül states that this phase is associated with the body and the birth process (while the Completion phase is associated with the mind and with dissolution at death).
Completion stage.
The completion stage ("rdzogs rim," also "perfection" or "fulfillment" stage), also known as "the yoga of the natural state", is the second stage of Unsurpassed Yoga Tantra. According to Kongtrül the Sanskrit equivalent to "rdzogs" is "niṣpanna", "meaning the ultimately true, or the natural state. "Completion" therefore denotes what is ultimately true, the natural state, or the nature of things."
List of Tantric deity practices.
Representations of tantric deities, such as a statues, paintings (Tibetan: "thangka"), or mandalas, are often employed as an aid to visualization. Mandalas are symbolic representations of pure divine spaces, of the sacred architecture that house the deity.
In Tibetan Buddhism, there are numerous tantric deities used in tantric yoga, which are either male or female as well as peaceful, fierce or semi-fierce. The outer or lower tantras generally focus on peaceful deities. Some of the main peaceful deities (which may be Buddhas or high level Bodhisattvas) include:
The deities from the Highest Yoga Tantras are often fierce looking and are also depicted in union with a consort, they include: 

</doc>
<doc id="6933107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933107" title="TürkTelekom">
TürkTelekom



</doc>
<doc id="6933112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933112" title="Turk Telekom">
Turk Telekom



</doc>
<doc id="6933113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933113" title="Mike Connell (musician)">
Mike Connell (musician)

Michael Collier Connell is an American musician best known as the leader, guitarist and primary songwriter of The Connells, an American band from Raleigh, North Carolina. They play a guitar-oriented, melodic jangle pop type of rock music with introspective lyrics that reflect themes and history of the American South.
Origins.
Mike and twin, John, were born on March 15, 1959. In 1984, Mike Connell formed the band that bears his and younger brother David's surname, born on May 27, 1961.
History.
The Connell brothers moved around in their early years, as their father was in medical school and getting a degree in cancer research at Duke University. Mike was born in Georgia, and David was born in the Raleigh area, while their dad was working under a family practice physician. Later, the family ended up back in Macon, Georgia, where Mike Connell and his twin brother, John, graduated high school from First Presbyterian Day School in 1977. David, two years younger, graduated later from a different school in North Carolina.
In 1978, while attending Mercer University in Macon, Georgia, Mike Connell met fellow students Clark Eason and Wade Stooksberry (also a 1977 First Presbyterian Day School graduate). According to Stooksberry in an interview on March 6, 2008, in 1979 Eason, Connell, Stooksberry and Sammy Deet (drums) started playing publicly in a band called "Clark Eason and the Greaseguns" at nightclubs and parties in Macon. Connell and Eason were on guitar, and Eason and Stooksberry shared vocals. They wore suits and skinny ties tucked into their dress shirts, as was the style at the time. They performed mostly 1950s music and Beatles songs. After a year, Mike Connell transferred to a college in North Carolina. Tripp Crumbley took over Connell's guitar role in the band. Connell then occasionally made guest appearances with "Clark Eason and the Greaseguns" while visiting his father in Macon, until that band broke up in 1980.
Mike Connell graduated from the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill with a bachelor's degree in 1981, and received his Juris Doctor degree also from University of North Carolina School of Law in 1985. He was admitted to the North Carolina Bar in 1986. Mike now practices law (as does his twin brother, John) at a firm in North Carolina, specializing in workers' compensation law.
The Connell family moved to Raleigh, where their mother was from, just in time for David to go to Broughton High School for his senior year, and to graduate in 1979. Afterwards, David went at least one year to Mercer University, where they had family connections.
The Connells.
The Connells began to come together as a group in the spring of 1984. Mike was in his second year of law school and his brother David in his last semester of college, both at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The brothers, David playing bass and Mike on guitar, rented a practice space and began working up several of Mike's songs with a friend, John Schultz playing drums. John was a junior at UNC and was from Raleigh, where the Connell brothers' home base now was located. The band tried a few singers that spring before settling on Doug MacMillan, a childhood friend of Schultz's and a swimmer at East Carolina University. George Huntley, who was a childhood friend of both brothers Mike and David, became a member of the band in 1984; on second guitar, keyboards, and vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="6933123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933123" title="Adrian Juste">
Adrian Juste

Adrian Juste (born 21 April 1947 in Kirby Muxloe, Leicestershire, England) is an English disc jockey and radio presenter who had a Saturday lunchtime programme on BBC Radio 1 from 1978 to 1994.
Early life.
Juste attended Guthlaxton Grammar School in Wigston with his long time friend, singer Ken Reeves. He later worked as a motor mechanic and salesman.
Radio Career.
Juste began his radio career with Leicester's local BBC station in 1969, moving to Birmingham's BRMB as the breakfast show presenter and then to Radio 1 in 1978, beginning his weekend shows in April 1978.
The format of his Radio 1 show consisted of Juste playing clips from various classic comedy sketches, interspersed with his own puns and short sketches between music tracks. His selection of classic comedy clips was at times quite complex, and intricately produced, using material from a wide variety of sources edited into one sequence. This style of show was inspired by Jack Jackson, who died shortly before Juste commenced on Radio 1. Controversially, he produced an audio tape in the style of his show which was used as a promotional aid by the Conservative Party.
Juste was amongst the older DJs who were dismissed during the early 1990s by the then controller of Radio 1 Matthew Bannister, presenting his last show on New Year's Day 1994. He bitterly railed against the changes in a subsequent BBC television documentary on Bannister's time at the radio station. Juste subsequently made appearances on LBC, Radio Carousel and Jewel FM, and later worked as an advertising writer. He also did a few editions of "The UK Top 20 Rewind" with Shaun Tilley during 2003. He appeared on a Christmas special on BBC local radio in 2005 and two more shows for KCFM, during 2008 and 2009 featuring the usual mix of music and comedy.
Juste later provided the voice-over for the online bingo site tombola on its "Bingo 50" game. He presented shows in the south west on BBC local radio stations on Christmas Days in 2010, 2011 and 2012, and one final show that aired on BBC Radio Devon and BBC Guernsey between 12:00 and 13:00 on Christmas Day 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6933138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933138" title="Eddie Wu">
Eddie Wu

Eddie Wu is the current CEO of Alibaba Group, having replaced Daniel Zhang in that position on 10 September 2023. Wu was one of Alibaba's 19 co-founders.
Career.
On 10 September 2023, Wu replaced Daniel Zhang as the CEO of Alibaba Group. It was also announced that Wu would lead the cloud business of Alibaba Group.
Wu has focused to orient Alibaba Group towards developing artificial intelligence. In the first 15 months of his tenure, Wu spent CN¥81 billion on capital expenditure, up from the CN¥34 billion in the previous months. The company also funded startups including Moonshot AI, MiniMax and Zhipu AI.

</doc>
<doc id="6933141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933141" title="Hawthorne Nevada Airlines Flight 708">
Hawthorne Nevada Airlines Flight 708

Hawthorne Nevada Airlines Flight 708 was a domestic non-scheduled passenger flight between Hawthorne Industrial Airport, Nevada (HTH) and Hollywood-Burbank Airport, California (BUR/KBUR) that crashed into terrain near the tallest mountain in the contiguous United States, Mount Whitney, near Lone Pine, on February 18, 1969, killing all 35 passengers and crew on board.
History of flight.
The aircraft, a Douglas DC-3, was operating on a visual flight rules plan. The crew consisted of Captain Fred Hall (43), and first officer Raymond Hamer (41), and one flight attendant, Patricia Nannes (21). It departed at 3:50 A.M. PST and last contact was made at 4:06 A.M. when the flight spoke with the Tonopah Flight Service Station. One hour later, at 5:10 A.M., the plane hit a sheer cliff face north of Mount Whitney, near Tulainyo Lake at 11,770 feet (3,558 m). The main body of the wreckage then slid down the cliff and stopped some 500 feet (152 m) back from the cliff, where it caught fire. All 32 passengers and 3 crew members were killed.
Search and rescue operation.
Extensive searches from air and ground were launched after the aircraft went missing, but snow, low clouds, and mountainous terrain hampered the search. The aircraft was finally located on August 8, 1969. The delay likely had no impact on the lack of survivors, as it is thought that all on board died on impact.
Investigation.
The National Transportation Safety Board launched an extensive investigation upon the location of the wreckage. Its conclusions were as follows:
The accident was caused by the deviation from the prescribed route of flight, as authorized in the company's FAA-approved operations specifications, resulting in the aircraft being operated under IFR weather conditions, in high mountainous terrain, in an area where there was a lack of radio navigation aids. The weather was also a contributing factor.

</doc>
<doc id="6933142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933142" title="Gary Wood">
Gary Wood

Gary Fay Wood (July 9, 1942 – March 3, 1994) was an American football quarterback who played 63 games in the National Football League (NFL), for the New York Giants and New Orleans Saints, from 1964 until 1969.
The quarterback was drafted from Cornell University in the 1964 NFL draft by the New York Giants in the eighth round. In his time in the NFL, Wood had a career completion percentage of 46.5%, as well as a passer rating of 54.5.
On March 24, 1996, Wood was inducted into the National Jewish Sports Hall of Fame.
Early and personal life.
Wood was born in Taylor, New York, grew up in Cortland, New York, and was Jewish.
He played football for Cortland High School in Cortland, New York, at which he never played in a losing game.
College career.
Wood played as a three-year starting quarterback at Cornell University, beginning in his sophomore season in 1961. Wood was the leading rusher and passer for the Big Red every year in which he was the starter. In 1962, Wood led the nation in all-purpose yards, with 1,395 (155.0 yards per game). That season, he also set an Ivy League total offense record in a game against Penn with 387 yards (207 rushing, 106 throwing), and was named first-team All-Ivy and to the AP All-East Team. He also lettered as a center fielder-second baseman-pitcher on the 1962 Cornell baseball team, batting .277 in 17 games, with a six-inning ERA of 1.49.
In 1963 during his senior year, Wood was elected team captain, had 545 yards passing and 818 yards rushing (8th in the nation), was again named first-team All-Ivy, and was named to the Associated Press All-East team, and was elected to the National Honor Society. He was first in the country in kickoff return yardage (618 yards on 19 returns, for a 32.5 average). He was named Ivy League Player of the Week five times in his career, a two-time All-American honorable mention, set five Ivy League career and single-season offensive records (career total offense (3,457 yards); career rushing (1867); single-season total offense (1,616 yards in '62); single-season rushing (813 yards in '62); single-game total offense (387 yards vs. Penn in '62)), and is the only Ivy League player to rush for 2,000 yards and pass for 1,000 more (he rushed for more yards (2,156) than he passed (1,891)). He also set Cornell records for career total offense, single season total offense; career rushing; single season rushing; and single game total offense.
Professional career.
In 1964, Wood was selected in the eighth round (109th overall) of the NFL Draft by the New York Giants. He turned down offers from the American Football League and from Canada to play in the NFL. In his rookie season for the Giants he backed-up and frequently replaced injured starter Y. A. Tittle.
Wood appeared in an episode of "To Tell The Truth" on July 12, 1965.
In 1967, Wood was picked up in the expansion draft for the New Orleans Saints. After playing two games for the Saints in the 1967 season, Wood was demoted to third string behind Billy Kilmer and Gary Cuozzo. Following this season, Wood was then traded back to New York for a draft pick.
Wood spent the remainder of his NFL career in New York backing up Fran Tarkenton, and ended his NFL career in 1969 after having played 63 games. In six NFL seasons, he completed 186 of 400 passes for 2,575 yards and 14 touchdowns, with 18 interceptions.
After retiring from the NFL, Wood played in the Canadian Football League from 1970 to 1971 for the Ottawa Rough Riders.
He was inducted into the Cornell Athletic Hall of Fame in 1989, as well as the New York Sports Hall of Fame and the National Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 1996.
After the NFL.
Following his stint in the Canadian Football League, Wood opened an insurance firm in New York City.
He helped found Temple Beth Torah in Melville, New York.
Wood died in March 1994 at the age of 52 of a heart attack at his home in Dix Hills, Long Island.

</doc>
<doc id="6933143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933143" title="Stanislav Manolev">
Stanislav Manolev

Stanislav Lyubenov Manolev (; born 16 December 1985) is a Bulgarian professional football manager and former player. During his playing career, his primary position was at right-back.
Club career.
Pirin 1922.
Manolev started to play football for Pirin 1922.
Litex Lovech.
In early 2005 he moved to Litex. Manolev won The National Cup in 2008 with Litex. In the final on 21 May 2008 against Cherno More Varna, Manolev scored the only goal after 53 minutes. Next year, Litex won the cup again. The event took place on 26 May 2009.
PSV Eindhoven.
On 25 July 2009, Manolev signed a 3+2 years contract with the Dutch club PSV Eindhoven, to fend competitions from Aston Villa. On 6 August 2009, Manolev made his official debut for PSV Eindhoven. He was selected as a starter against Bulgarian club Cherno More in the UEFA Europa League 3rd qualification round. Unluckily for him he was sent off for a second bookable offense in the 44th minute of the game, but his team went on to repeat its 1–0 win from the first leg.
On 9 August 2009, Manolev made his full debut for PSV Eindhoven in the Eredivisie. He played 69 minutes before being substituted for Jan Kromkamp, assisting Balázs Dzsudzsák's equalizing goal and earning himself a booking. On 16 August 2009, Manolev played the full 90 minutes of PSV's 4–3 home win against AFC Ajax and assisted Otman Bakkal's decisive goal in the 75th minute of the game.
On 23 August 2009, Manolev had another fine display, assisting two PSV goals in the 3–1 home win against NAC Breda. On 12 September 2009, he scored his first goal in the 3–0 home win against Roda JC. On 28 October 2009, Manolev scored his second goal for PSV against Roda JC for a match from the KNVB Cup. On 14 April 2010, Manolev scored his second league goal in the 2–2 draw with Heerenveen.
In the 2011–12 season, Manolev signed a new contract with PSV until 2014. In the summer transfer window in 2012, Manolev was linked around Europe, with VfB Stuttgart and Sporting Lisbon.
Subsequently, his performance at PSV led to him being branded as "the worst right back in Europe" by RTL pundits, such as René van der Gijp, having become his outspoken critics since his arrival. Despite this, Manolev refused to bow down to the criticism he received, being quoted as saying: "I do not look at it and I do not make me worry about," said Manolev then. "This man (ed. Van der Gijp) is paid to give his opinion, fine. I look good at the Bulgarian television."
Upon his loan spell ended from Fulham, having lost a first team place to Santiago Arias and Joshua Brenet. PSV would allow Manolev to leave the club on free transfer, as well leaving on cheap basis. After a failed move in the summer transfer window, Manolev was then sent to the reserve team and went on to make ten appearances, scoring once.
In the January transfer window, Manolev left the club by mutual consent, with just six month left to his contract after the club did not display an interest to extend his contract.
Fulham (loan).
Manolev signed for Premier League side Fulham on loan until the end of the season on 31 January 2013.
On 9 February 2013, Manolev made his debut in a 0–0 draw against Norwich City. In a 1–0 loss against Arsenal on 20 April 2013, Manolev was fouled by Olivier Giroud, who later got sent-off in the 85th minute. Manolev made five league appearances and returned to PSV despite hopes of joining Fulham on a permanent basis. After his loan spell finished, Manolev expressed he was "delighted to be given a chance to play for Fulham".
Kuban Krasnodar.
After being released by PSV, Manolev moved to Russia by joining Kuban Krasnodar, where he joined teammate Ivelin Popov. Manolev made his debut in a 1–1 draw against Dynamo Moscow. He scored his first goal for the club in a 4–0 win against Krylia Sovetov, netting the first goal of the game. The assist came from fellow Bulgarian teammate Ivelin Popov.
Dynamo Moscow.
On 18 June 2014, Manolev signed a contract with Dynamo Moscow as a free agent.
CSKA Sofia.
Manolev played for CSKA Sofia between September 2016 and February 2019.
Ludogorets Razgrad.
In February 2019, Manolev signed a one-and-a-half-year contract with reigning champions Ludogorets Razgrad. He won two national titles with the Razgrad-based team before leaving in July 2020.
Pirin Blagoevgrad.
In the summer of 2020 he joined Pirin Blagoevgrad from his hometown. In August 2021, Manolev was accused of racism by CSKA Sofia player Amos Youga. He was subsequently banned for 5 matches, but on appeal the punishment for racism was dropped, with the player instead ordered to serve a 3-match suspension for general insults directed at the opponent. He officially retired on 21 May 2022, when he played his last match against Botev Vratsa, when he was substituted in the 11th minute, his playing number for the most of his career.
International career.
Manolev started his career for the Bulgaria national football team during the World Cup 2010 qualifiers.
In August 2008, the Bulgaria national team coach Plamen Markov called Stanislav in Bulgaria national football team in a match against Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team. Manolev made his official debut and Bulgaria won the match as a guest. Manolev was a part of the Bulgaria national football team in the World Cup 2010 qualifiers against Italy and Montenegro, but remained an unused substitute. He played 45 minutes in the second half of the friendly between Bulgaria and Serbia in November 2008. He was in the starting 11 in the next two games against the Republic of Ireland and Cyprus. He scored his first goal for Bulgaria in a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Italy that finished 2–2.
On 28 March 2015, Manolev made an assist for the Bulgaria national team during a 2–2 draw with Italy. On 31 August 2017 he scored his first international goal in more than four years for the historical 3–2 home win against Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="6933148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933148" title="Wu Kwong Yu">
Wu Kwong Yu



</doc>
<doc id="6933150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933150" title="NFL Annual Player Selection Meeting">
NFL Annual Player Selection Meeting



</doc>
<doc id="6933151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933151" title="Brome, Suffolk">
Brome, Suffolk

Brome is a village and former civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district, in the north of the English county of Suffolk. It lies on the A140 Norwich to Ipswich road around northwest of Eye and southeast of Diss near the border with Norfolk. In 1961 the parish had a population of 230. The village is now in the parish of Brome and Oakley and has been combined with the village of Oakley for centuries but the civil parish was only combined on 1 April 1982.
The village church, dedicated to St Mary, is one of 38 existing round-tower churches in Suffolk. It is a Grade II* listed building with a medieval core dating from the 12th century. A moated site near the church is a scheduled monument dating from the same period.
Sport.
Mini Challenge UK and BTCC team Excelr8 Motorsport have a base in Brome. They have won the Mini Challenge three times and Tom Ingram won the 2022 BTCC Drivers' Championship driving for the team. 
Notable residents.
The Catholic priest and martyr Henry Morse was born in the village in 1595. Morse was venerated and beatified in December 1929 and in 1970 was made one of the Forty Martyrs of England and Wales.
John Wilbye (1574-1638), the famous English madrigalist, was born in Brome. Amongst his works is the much performed madrigal: "Adew Sweet Amaryllis".

</doc>
<doc id="6933153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933153" title="2006 Dallas Cowboys season">
2006 Dallas Cowboys season

The 2006 Dallas Cowboys season was the 47th season for the team in the National Football League (NFL) and the fourth and final under head coach Bill Parcells. The season began with the team trying to improve on their 9–7 record in 2005. The base offense was changed to a 2-tight end formation. Several high-profile free agents were signed including colorful, yet controversial wide receiver Terrell Owens and kicker Mike Vanderjagt. Veteran defensive end Greg Ellis was also converted into a linebacker.
Although veteran Drew Bledsoe was the initial starter at quarterback, fourth-year backup Tony Romo replaced Bledsoe at halftime of their Week 7 matchup with the New York Giants. Romo became the starter in Week 8 due to Bledsoe's rough starts with frequent sacks and interceptions. Romo initially played very well, going 5–1 in his first six NFL starts, including a win over the previously unbeaten Indianapolis Colts, but he finished the season 1–3 with six touchdowns, six interceptions, and two fumbles lost. The Cowboys secured a playoff berth for the first time since 2003, but they did not win the division when in the final week they were defeated by a 2 win Detroit Lions team. The Cowboys lost in the Wild Card round of the playoffs to the Seattle Seahawks 21–20, a game in which Romo famously botched the hold on a go-ahead field goal inside the final two minutes.
When Romo started the Thanksgiving Day game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, it marked the 7th different Cowboys starting quarterback in seven consecutive Thanksgiving Day games (Troy Aikman, Ryan Leaf, Chad Hutchinson, Quincy Carter, Drew Henson, Drew Bledsoe, and Romo).
Bill Parcells retired after the season ended.
Offseason.
During the 2006 offseason, the team signed several high-profile players, including kicker Mike Vanderjagt, linebacker Akin Ayodele, offensive linemen Jason Fabini and Kyle Kosier, safety Marcus Coleman, and highly controversial wide receiver Terrell Owens, who has developed a reputation for causing conflicts with teammates, coaches, opposing players, and fans. The signing of Terrell Owens received a lot of media attention, and was arguably the biggest news story during the NFL offseason. Vanderjagt had the highest field goal percentage in NFL history coming into the season and his signing was expected to solve the inconsistency problems in the Cowboys kicking game. However, Vanderjagt missed most of the pre-season with an injury and missed three very short kicks (including an extra point) in the final pre-season game (which ended in a tie).
The Cowboys also lost veteran leadership in the locker room after losing tight end Dan Campbell to the Detroit Lions, wide receiver Keyshawn Johnson to the Carolina Panthers, left guard Larry Allen to the San Francisco 49ers, defensive tackle La'Roi Glover to the St. Louis Rams, and linebacker Dat Nguyen to a career-ending injury.
The team didn't receive much help from the 2006 NFL draft, but experienced much more success with that year's rookie undrafted free agents: Miles Austin, Stephen Bowen, Sam Hurd and Oliver Hoyte. Abram Elam, who was an undrafted free agent with the Miami Dolphins in 2005 and was out of football after being released in training camp that year, also contributed in special teams and in some defensive packages.
Before the season, there were high expectations for the Dallas Cowboys. "Sports Illustrated" writer Peter King predicted the Cowboys would win Super Bowl XLI.
2006 draft class.
Notes
Regular season.
Week 1: at Jacksonville Jaguars.
The Cowboys opened the regular season on the road against the Jacksonville Jaguars on September 10. The Cowboys built a lead of 10–0 just 10 minutes into the game, but allowed 24 consecutive points in later quarters. Quarterback Drew Bledsoe threw two interceptions, and placekicker Shaun Suisham missed a field goal off the right upright. The Cowboys scored again during the final minutes of the fourth quarter, when newly signed wide receiver Terrell Owens caught his first touchdown in a Dallas uniform, which was also his first regular-season game since October 2005. Dallas attempted and failed an onside kick, but received the ball again when their defense prevented the Jaguars from getting a first down. The Cowboys drive to tie the game ended with a Bledsoe interception. With the loss, the Cowboys started out their season at 0–1. Stats
Week 2: vs. Washington Redskins.
Mike Vanderjagt kicked two field goals, one of which was 50 yards long. Drew Bledsoe threw for a touchdown in the first and the fourth quarters for the first time since 2005. The Cowboys defense allowed no touchdowns, with the only touchdown for the Redskins coming from a kickoff return by Rock Cartwright. It was also the first time that the Cowboys had allowed zero second-half points since November 20, 2005 against the Detroit Lions. Stats
In the game, Terrell Owens broke his finger.
With the win, the Cowboys went into their bye week at 1–1.
Week 4: at Tennessee Titans.
After their Bye Week, the Cowboys traveled to LP Field to face the Tennessee Titans. Rookie Quarterback Vince Young made his first NFL start for the Titans. Quarterback Drew Bledsoe threw two touchdowns in the first half to Terry Glenn. Each of the three Cowboys running backs, Julius Jones, Marion Barber, and Tyson Thompson, rushed for a touchdown in the second half. Bradie James returned an interception 15 yards for his first career touchdown. Tony Romo played during the final two drives after Dallas took a 38–14 lead. Kicker Mike Vanderjagt missed a 26-yard field goal wide right late in the first half, but later kicked a 43-yard field goal in the fourth quarter. Despite breaking a finger two weeks earlier, wide receiver Terrell Owens started and caught five passes for 88 yards. Also, rookie Pat Watkins returned a lost Titans fumble 53 yards during the fourth quarter as the Cowboys held on for the win to improve their record to 2–1. Stats
During the game, Tennessee Titans defensive tackle Albert Haynesworth stomped on Dallas Cowboys center Andre Gurode. Haynesworth was suspended for five games without pay. . Later during the week, Terrell Owens accidentally overdosed on painkillers causing a media circus, but recovered within a day. 
Week 5: at Philadelphia Eagles.
The game received significant attention due to Terrell Owens' return to Philadelphia, where he had played for 2 years with considerable controversy. Owens had 3 receptions for 45 yards. The Eagles capitalized on early Dallas turnovers, and the Cowboys fell behind 10–0. The Cowboys rallied to score a touchdown. At halftime, the Cowboys were up 21–17. However, in the second half the Cowboys offense was dominated by the Eagles defense and were held to only 3 points. In the fourth quarter, the defining play took place as the Cowboys, assisted by a pass interference penalty, managed to reach the Eagles six-yard line with less than a minute left. On second and goal, Drew Bledsoe threw an interception in the end zone that was returned 102 yards by Lito Sheppard for a touchdown, essentially ending any chance of a Dallas victory as the team fell to 2–2. Stats
Week 6: vs. Houston Texans.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Eagles, the Cowboys returned home for a Week 6 battle against their in-state rival, the Houston Texans. In the first quarter, Dallas trailed early when Kris Brown kicked a 19-yard field goal for an early Houston 3–0 lead. In the second quarter, the Cowboys tied the game at 3–3 when Mike Vanderjagt kicked a 22-yard field goal. At the end of the first half, Houston regained the lead when Brown kicked a 48-yard field goal. For the rest of the game, the Dallas defense shut out the Houston Texans. Drew Bledsoe and Terrell Owens hooked up on two touchdown passes, and Marion Barber ran a 1-yard touchdown, Vanderjagt kicked another 21-yard field goal, and backup quarterback Tony Romo threw another touchdown pass to Owens. Tony Romo completed his first two NFL passes, including one touchdown.
With the win, the Cowboys improved to 3–2.
Stats
Week 7: vs. New York Giants.
Hoping to build on their win over the Houston Texans, the Cowboys stayed at home for a Monday Night match-up with their NFC East rival, the New York Giants. On the Giants opening drive, Eli Manning threw a 50-yard touchdown to Plaxico Burress. Later in the first quarter after Jeff Feagles punted inside the one-yard line, LaVar Arrington sacked Drew Bledsoe in the endzone for a safety. In the second quarter, Giants kicker Jay Feely kicked a 31-yard field goal. Dallas would score before halftime as Bledsoe ran 1-yard touchdown on a quarterback sneak. Bledsoe also threw a costly interception just before halftime that would have given the Cowboys a 14–12 lead at the break. Due to Bledsoe's abysmal performance, head coach Bill Parcells replaced him with backup quarterback Tony Romo at the start of the second half. Not much had changed for the Giants in the third quarter as Manning threw a 13-yard touchdown pass to Jeremy Shockey and Brandon Jacobs got a 3-yard touchdown run. In the fourth quarter, Romo completed an 8-yard TD pass to WR Terrell Owens and subsequently ran into the endzone for a two-point conversion. The Giants pulled away as Feely kicked a 32-yard field goal, while rookie cornerback Kevin Dockery would return an interception 96 yards for a touchdown. Even though Romo threw a 53-yard touchdown to Patrick Crayton, the damage had already been done.
With the loss, the Cowboys fell to 3–3.
Stats
Week 8: at Carolina Panthers.
Six days after losing at home, Tony Romo made his first NFL regular season start against the Carolina Panthers, and he threw for 270 yards, a touchdown, and an interception. In the first quarter, the Panthers scored 14 points when DeShaun Foster, and later Steve Smith ran a touchdown, but those were the last points that Dallas allowed in the game. In the second quarter, Jason Witten caught a touchdown pass and Mike Vanderjagt kicked a field goal. In the fourth quarter, Dallas scored a franchise record 25 points on a Julius Jones run, two Marion Barber runs, another Mike Vanderjagt field goal, two extra points and a two-point conversion caught by Terrell Owens. Terrell Owens had his first 100+ yard game with 107 receiving yards. Julius Jones ran 92 yards for 616 yards in 7 games to start the season. Steve Smith was held to only 55 receiving yards and former Cowboys receiver Keyshawn Johnson only had one catch for 19 yards. The game marked unusual emotion from Bill Parcells, who was moved by the appearance of his former Giants players (such as Jim Burt) and who embraced many of his players late in the game.
With the win, the Cowboys improved to 4–3.
Stats
Week 9: at Washington Redskins.
With the emergence of QB Tony Romo in their road victory over the Panthers, the Cowboys flew to FedExField for a rematch with the Washington Redskins. In the first quarter, Dallas trailed early as Redskins MLB Lemar Marshall tackled RB Julius Jones in the endzone for a safety and kicker Nick Novak kicked a 28-yard field goal. In the second quarter, the Cowboys started to fight back, as Romo completed a 10-yard TD pass to WR Terry Glenn (with a failed two-point conversion) and kicker Mike Vanderjagt kicked a 33-yard field goal. The 'Skins would retaliate as RB Clinton Portis ran 38 yards for a touchdown, yet Vanderjagt would allow Dallas to tie at halftime on a 30-yard field goal. In the third quarter, the Cowboys increased their lead with Romo completing a 4-yard TD pass to WR Terrell Owens, who would do a "sleeping celebration." afterwards. He would get flagged for excessive celebration. The "sleeping celebration" referenced Owens' admission earlier in the week that he has trouble staying awake during team meetings. In the fourth quarter, Washington fought back with QB Mark Brunell completing an 18-yard TD pass to TE Chris Cooley. Afterwards, the Redskins would block a 35-yard field goal try by Vanderjagt, which would get picked up by Sean Taylor and returned it 30 yards before getting tackled. Even though time ran out, the Redskins would get one chance to win, due to a face mask infraction penalty on Guard Kyle Kosier. Washington took advantage, as Novak kicked the game-winning 47-yard field goal to drop Dallas to 4–4. Stats
Week 10: at Arizona Cardinals.
The Cowboys bounced back from a painful loss by beating the Cardinals, who came into the game with the league's worst record at 1–7. Tony Romo passed for 308 yards in his best game to date as a starter. Greg Ellis was also lost for the year in this game due to a torn achilles, costing the Cowboys a key contributor and one of only 2 players who could consistently rush the passer.
With the win, the Cowboys improved to 5–4.
Stats
Week 11: vs. Indianapolis Colts.
In what Cowboys Owner Jerry Jones said was the best win in at least eight to ten years, the Cowboys beat the previously undefeated Colts 21–14. The game was nationally televised on CBS, having been moved from 1:00 pm to 4:15 pm (EST) because of the NFL's new "flex scheduling" policy. It was the first game played between the two teams at Texas Stadium in ten years. With the rest of the NFC East losing that weekend, the Cowboys were tied with the New York Giants for first place in the NFC East, and in a tie for second place in the NFC. The Cowboys chances of winning the division, and possibly a first-round bye in the playoffs were suddenly much brighter, especially with the rival Philadelphia Eagles losing Donovan McNabb for the season.
With the win, the Cowboys improved to 6–4.
Stats
Week 12: vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The Cowboys slugged the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 38–10 in the annual Thanksgiving Day game. Tony Romo had his best game so far throwing for 306 yards and a near-perfect 148.9 passer rating, and he tied a team record with five touchdown passes in one game. No Cowboys quarterback had done that since Troy Aikman in the 1999 season opener (including overtime), and since Danny White in 1983 in regulation. Romo's five touchdown passes were the most ever for a Thanksgiving Day game. Stats
On 27 November 2006, the Cowboys cut kicker Mike Vanderjagt and signed veteran Martin Gramatica in his place. Vanderjagt had made only 13 of 18 field goals in the season, well below his career average.
With the win, the Cowboys improved to 7–4.
Week 13: at New York Giants.
The Cowboys extended their winning streak to four straight wins in a close game when newly signed place kicker Martin Gramatica kicked a 46-yard field goal with one second remaining. The Giants lost their fourth straight game and the Cowboys secured a two-game lead over the Giants.
With the win, the Cowboys improved to 8–4.
Stats
This game was moved from the originally scheduled time at 1:00 pm to 4:15 pm (EST) because of the NFL's new "flex scheduling" policy.
Week 14: vs. New Orleans Saints.
On November 27, the NFL announced that the game was moved to 8:15 pm. EST (7:15 pm. CST) to be nationally televised on NBC Sunday Night Football.
New Orleans Head Coach and former Dallas Offensive Coordinator, as well as Passing Coordinator, Sean Payton thoroughly dissected the Cowboys defense by showcasing the talents of Drew Brees, Reggie Bush, and Deuce McAllister. Perhaps more surprising was the performance of Mike Karney. Previously an unknown fullback who had never had a touchdown in his 43 NFL games, Karney scored a hat trick (three touchdowns). Brees topped 4,000 season passing yards for the first time in his career, having 26 completions for 38 attempts and 384 yards and five touchdowns. Deuce McCallister and Reggie Bush both proved their worth with 135 and 162 all-purpose yards, respectively. Payton was even feeling so confident as to attempt an onside kick early in the third quarter, further demoralizing the Cowboys and increasing momentum for the Saints when they recovered it. With 3 minutes left in the game and the ball deep in Cowboys territory, Payton's Saints went to kneeling, either to let Parcells keep some of his pride intact, or to make a statement.
The Cowboys had one of the worst games of their season. Payton's defense never gave them a chance to get into a rhythm, and Tony Romo threw for 16 completions of 33 attempts for 249 yards for a single touchdown and a pair of interceptions. The Cowboys started out promising, stopping the Saints' offense and Julius Jones responding with a career record 77-yard touchdown run. Though after that play, nothing seemed to go right. Gramatica missed another crucial field goal, soaring wide right, and the only other touchdown came from a fourth-down pass to Terrell Owens that could have been an interception had cornerback Fred Thomas not had a cast on his hand.
New Orleans defeated Dallas 42–17, snapping Dallas' four-game winning streak and dropping them to 8–5 while improving their own record to 9–4.
Stats
Week 15: at Atlanta Falcons.
Hoping to rebound from their Sunday night home loss to the Saints, the Cowboys flew to the Georgia Dome for a Saturday night fight with the Atlanta Falcons. In the first quarter, Dallas took an early lead with QB Tony Romo completed a 7-yard TD pass to WR Terrell Owens for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Cowboys increased its lead as on the very first play, OLB DeMarcus Ware returned an interception 41 yards for a touchdown. However, the Falcons started to fight back with QB Michael Vick completing a 1-yard TD pass to FB Justin Griffith and a 9-yard TD pass to WR Michael Jenkins. Fortunately, the 'Boys struck back with Romo and Owens hooking up with each other again with a 51-yard TD pass. Yet again, Atlanta fought back with Vick completing an 8-yard TD pass to WR Ashley Lelie. In the third quarter, Dallas temporarily fell behind with Vick completing 5-yard TD pass to Griffith. Afterwards, the Cowboys regained control with kicker Martin Gramatica's 48-yard field goal and RB Marion Barber 9-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, Barber helped the Cowboys wrap the game up with a 3-yard TD run. With the win, the 'Boys improved to 9–5 and put themselves in position to clinch a playoff berth following the day.
Stats
Week 16: vs. Philadelphia Eagles.
Following a Saturday victory over the Falcons, the Cowboys returned home, donned their 1960s throwbacks again, and prepared for an NFC East rematch on Christmas Day with the Philadelphia Eagles. The Cowboys had a chance to clinch the NFC East for the first time since 1998 with a victory. In the first quarter, the 'Boys trailed early with QB Jeff Garcia completing a 25-yard TD pass to TE Matt Schobel for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Philadelphia's lead increased with kicker David Akers nailing a 25-yard field goal. Dallas would get its only score of the game with QB Tony Romo completing a 14-yard TD pass to WR Terrell Owens. Afterwards, the Eagles wrapped up the half with Akers kicking a 45-yard field goal. In the third quarter, Philly's lead increased with Akers' 21-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Dallas fell with RB Correll Buckhalter's 1-yard TD run. While the Eagles clinched a playoff berth, the loss for Dallas would have significant ramifications entering week 17 as not only did they fail to clinch the NFC East, they were officially out of contention for a first-round bye and no longer controlled their destiny in winning the NFC East as they slipped behind Philadelphia in the standings.
Stats
Week 17: vs. Detroit Lions.
Following their loss to the Eagles, the Cowboys wrapped up the regular season at home against the 2–13 Detroit Lions. In the first quarter, Dallas shockingly trailed early as Lions kicker Jason Hanson nailed a 33-yard and a 25-yard field goal, while QB Jon Kitna completed a 20-yard TD pass to WR Roy Williams. In the second quarter, the Cowboys took the lead with RB Marion Barber getting a 1-yard TD run, while QB Tony Romo completed a 6-yard TD pass to WR Patrick Crayton. However, Detroit regained its lead with Kitna and Williams hooking up with each other again on a 15-yard TD pass. In the third quarter, the back-and-forth battle began with Dallas CB Terence Newman returning a punt 56 yards for a touchdown. However, the Lions regained the lead with Hanson kicking a 26-yard field goal, while Kitna completed a 13-yard TD pass to WR Mike Furrey. Afterwards, Cowboys kicker Martin Gramatica helped Dallas with a 39-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Cowboys took the lead with Romo completing a 56-yard TD pass to WR Terrell Owens. However, Detroit regained the lead with Kitna completing a 21-yard TD pass to WR Mike Williams and Hanson kicking a 23-yard field goal. Late in the game, Dallas had one last chance to take back the lead, but on 4th &amp; Goal, Romo's run towards the endzone was stopped one yard short. With the shocking loss, the Cowboys ended the regular season at 9–7 and with the NFC's #5 seed.
Stats
Playoffs.
The Cowboys secured a playoff berth after the New York Jets and Pittsburgh Steelers each got a victory. Their season ended after a 21–20 loss.
NFC Wild-Card Playoffs: at Seattle Seahawks.
Entering the NFC playoffs as the fifth-seed, the Cowboys began their playoff run at Qwest Field against the fourth-seeded Seattle Seahawks. In the first quarter, both teams started off even as Seahawks kicker Josh Brown nailed a 23-yard field goal, while Martín Gramática helped Dallas with a 50-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Seattle retook the lead with Brown kicking a 30-yard field goal. Dallas got the lead before halftime as QB Tony Romo completed a 13-yard TD pass to WR Patrick Crayton. In the third quarter, the Seahawks retook the lead as QB Matt Hasselbeck completed a 15-yard TD pass to TE Jerramy Stevens. Following Seattle's TD drive, the Cowboys retook the lead with rookie WR Miles Austin returning a kickoff 93 yards for a touchdown. In the fourth quarter, Dallas increased its lead with Gramatica kicking a 29-yard field goal. However, the Seahawks came back to retake the lead with a safety coming off a Terry Glenn fumble from Seattle CB Kelly Jennings, along with Hasselbeck completing a 37-yard TD pass to Stevens (followed up with a failed 2-point conversion). Dallas managed to put themselves in a position to retake the lead, but on the 19-yard field goal try Romo botched the hold. He picked up the loose ball and attempted to run with it, but was tackled at Seattle's two-yard line by Jordan Babineaux thus turning the ball over on downs. On the ensuing possession, Hasselbeck then handed the ball off four times before the Seahawks were forced to punt. With only 2 seconds left, Romo threw a Hail Mary pass to the Seattle end zone that fell incomplete, ending the Cowboys' season and leaving the franchise still without a playoff win since 1996.
Stats
With the loss, Dallas ended its season with three-straight losses and an overall record of 9–8.

</doc>
<doc id="6933162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933162" title="Bootcut">
Bootcut



</doc>
<doc id="6933164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933164" title="Abhiṣeka (Buddhism)">
Abhiṣeka (Buddhism)

In Vajrayāna Buddhism, an empowerment or consecration (Sanskrit: abhiṣeka, lit. ablution; sprinkling) is an esoteric initiation or transmission of secret teachings performed by a tantric guru (vajracharya) to a student in a ritual space containing the mandala of a Buddhist deity. The initiation is traditionally seen as transmitting a certain spiritual power (Sanskrit: adhiṣṭhāna, Tibetan: "jinlap", sometimes translated as "blessings") which allows the tantric yogi to reach enlightenment swiftly or to attain other yogic accomplishments. 
Many tantric practices are commonly said to be secret, and are only to be revealed after ritual initiation. Other tantric practices may be openly known, but are only considered to be effective after being initiated into the proper mandala which corresponds to a specific practice. The secrecy of teachings was often protected through the use of allusive, indirect, symbolic and metaphorical language (twilight language) which required interpretation and guidance from a teacher. The teachings may also be considered "self-secret", meaning that even if they were to be told directly to a person, that person would not necessarily understand the teachings without proper context or initiation. In this way, the teachings are "secret" to the minds of those who are not following the path with more than a simple sense of curiosity. 
Because of their role in giving access to the practices and guiding the student through them, the role of the Vajracharya guru or lama (who himself must have been initiated by a previous guru of a specific lineage) is indispensable in Vajrayāna. 
In Tibetan Buddhism.
Traditionally, there are three requirements before a student may begin a tantric practice:
Empowerment "(wang)".
To practice tantric yoga, it is considered necessary to receive a tantric empowerment (Skt. "abhiṣeka"; Tib. "wang") from a qualified tantric master ("Vajracarya", "vajra master"). The Sanskrit term "abhiṣeka" refers to ritual bathing or anointing. Mipham states that empowerment produces the view of mantra in one's being and that this is the basis for the practice of Vajrayana. According to Mipham,
empowerment is the indispensable initial entry point for the practice of mantra. The reason for this is that the profound empowerment ritual produces a sudden manifestation of the ground maṇḍala that dwells primordially within oneself. This refers to the indivisible truths of purity and equality, which are very difficult to realize.
Kongtrül defines empowerment as "what makes the [student's] mind fully ripened by planting the special seeds of the resultant four dimensions of awakening in the aggregates, elements, and sense fields of the recipient." It is also associated with the conferral of authority, in this case, someone is authorized to cultivate the tantric path.
Empowerment includes introducing the student to a specific mandala (which may be made from flowers, colored powders, grains, paint and a mental mandala). One is not allowed to practice tantra without having received the particular empowerment. Some simpler mantra methods, such as reciting the mani mantra, are open to all however.
In Unsurpassed Yoga Tantra, the ritual procedure generally includes four "wangs" (though it may include more, depending on the system):
Explicit instruction "(thri)".
"Trhi" is the oral instruction and explanations on how to meditate or practice.
In Dzogchen.
Direct introduction.
In Dzogchen tradition, direct introduction is called the "Empowerment of Awareness" (, pronounced "rigpay sall wahng"), a technical term employed within the Dzogchen lineages for a particular lineage of empowerment propagated by Jigme Lingpa. This empowerment consists of the direct introduction of the student to the intrinsic nature of their own mind-essence, rigpa, by their empowering master.
Pointing-out instruction.
In Dzogchen tradition, pointing-out instruction () refers to the teaching called "pointing out nature of mind" (). The lama points out ("ngo sprod") nature of mind ("rig pa") to the student in a way that facilitates the student's own direct perception of that nature. This teaching may be called "pointing out transmission" or "introduction to nature of mind".

</doc>
<doc id="6933166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933166" title="Mammillary">
Mammillary



</doc>
<doc id="6933169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933169" title="Road to Joy (song)">
Road to Joy (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6933171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933171" title="Wu Tai Chi">
Wu Tai Chi



</doc>
<doc id="6933184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933184" title="Tahn">
Tahn



</doc>
<doc id="6933189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933189" title="Heart (Pet Shop Boys song)">
Heart (Pet Shop Boys song)

"Heart" is a song by English synth-pop duo Pet Shop Boys from their second studio album, "Actually" (1987). It was released as the album's fourth and final single on 21 March 1988 by Parlophone. The song topped the UK Singles Chart for three weeks in April 1988, becoming the duo's fourth and most recent number-one single in the United Kingdom as of . The music video was filmed in Slovenia; it was directed by Jack Bond and starred Ian McKellen as a vampire.
Background and composition.
The genesis of the song goes back to the recording sessions for the duo's first album "Please" (1986) at Advision Studios. Neil Tennant wrote the opening verse on the way to the studio, and Chris Lowe composed the music on the piano. They were inspired by the song "I Like You" by Phyllis Nelson, which was mixed by Shep Pettibone. 
Originally, the duo had considered offering "Heart" to hi-NRG singer Hazell Dean, and they also thought it suited Madonna, but they ultimately kept it for themselves and asked Pettibone to produce it for "Actually". The song was also intended to be used in the Steven Spielberg-produced film "Innerspace", but the dance sequence it was intended for was at the wrong tempo for the song. 
The duo decided not to use the Pettibone version of "Heart" on "Actually " and asked Andy Richards to produce it instead. The single is Richards' original version, featuring syn drums and J.J. Belle playing guitar with a wah-wah effect, giving the song more of a 1970s sound. The album version was mixed by Julian Mendelsohn, with the guitar part removed. An error on the album remix resulted in the lyrics starting with "Beat" instead of "Heartbeat", and they decided to keep it.
Tennant described "Heart" as "a one-off cheerful love song". The lyrics are more traditional than most Pet Shop Boys songs, being a straightforward declaration of love—a characteristic common in many pop songs. On the commentary of the Pet Shop Boys' live video album "Cubism", Tennant reveals that the "oh – ah – oh'oh ah" refrain which repeats throughout the song features the vocals of himself, Pavarotti and Wendy Smith of Prefab Sprout.
Release.
The song was originally called "Heartbeat", but the title was changed after Culture Club drummer Jon Moss announced the formation of a group named Heartbeat UK. "Heart" was planned as the first single from "Actually" but it was replaced by "It's a Sin", which was considered to be the more commercial option. Upon its release as the album's fourth single in March 1988, "Heart" debuted at number seven on the UK Singles Chart and rose to the top spot the following week, where it held for three weeks. To date, "Heart" is the last Pet Shop Boys single to reach number one in the UK.
"Heart" was the second Pet Shop Boys single, after "Always on My Mind", to reach number one on the Eurochart Hot 100 Singles. It placed at number one in Finland, Ireland, Switzerland, and West Germany, as well as New Zealand, and in the top ten in Austria, Belgium, Norway, Spain, and Sweden, along with South Africa (see Charts). "Heart" was not released as a single in the United States.
Shep Pettibone did two remixes of "Heart"—the "Dance Mix" and the "Dub Mix". His original recording of "Heart" with Pet Shop Boys appears on the reissue "Actually: Further Listening 1987–1988". 
On the retrospective collection ' (2003), the album version of the track was used for the UK release rather than the hit single mix, while the single mix was included on the US release. The single version was included on the compilations ' (1991) and "" (2023).
In 2024, Pet Shop Boys released a new recording of "Heart" on "Furthermore", the bonus EP with the two-disc version of their fifteenth album, "Nonetheless".
Artwork.
The single covers were designed by Mark Farrow with photographs by Eric Watson. There were two versions of the 7-inch single. One featured Tennant (pictured) wearing a suit and bowler hat, looking down with his hands clasped on his lap. The other showed Lowe in the same pose, wearing an Issey Miyake fisherman's mac and hat with industrial dungarees, which he had worn at the 1988 Brit Awards. The CD and the 12-inch remix covers used the photo of Tennant, with a blurred image of Lowe standing behind him "waving his arms in a fashion reminiscent of a Francis Bacon painting". The 7-inch and 12-inch covers have a brown tint, and the CD is tinted blue. The typeface is a Helvetica bold font; the 12-inch remix single has the word REMIX instead of HEART.
The covers won the Wood Pencil award for Best Individual Album or Single Sleeve at the 1989 D&amp;AD Awards.
Critical reception.
In his review of the single, Jonh Wilde from "Melody Maker" felt that "after their lugubrious reading of "Always on My Mind", things diminish further with this sour self-parody." Jonathan Romney from "NME" wrote, "Obviously, the Boys' injection of their vital juices into Patsy Kensit ["I'm Not Scared"] has left them quite drained poor things. This is their limpest single yet. The strange thing is, if this record were by New Order, it'd have the same banal robotic beat, the same banal lyrics, the same bored-witless singing, and it'd be universally acclaimed as a transcendental masterpiece. And it "would" be too." Johnny Dee from "Record Mirror" named the song Single of the Week, adding, "'Heart' is immediate modern, compact and remixed from the album, actually, it's what the kids want, it's what I want! This 45 contains every gimmick the Petties have toyed with since 'West End Girls'. Neil and Chris — you are the Marks &amp; Spencer of pop music, the high street gods of the Eighties." The magazine's James Hamilton described the song as a "jittery tuneful Eurobeat throbber" in his dance column.
Music video.
Directed by Jack Bond, who also made the band's 1988 film "It Couldn't Happen Here", the music video for "Heart" is a resetting of the "Dracula" story. The video opens with Tennant and his bride, played by model Danijela Čolić Prižmić, being driven to a castle with Lowe as his chauffeur. As he goes to bed with his bride, the vampire, played by Ian McKellen, spies them. Later, he seduces the bride and bites her. Finally, Lowe drives the vampire and his bride away, leaving Tennant to stare bitterly after them from a castle window, having been turned into a vampire himself. The video was shot in Mokrice Castle, Slovenia, then one of the Yugoslavia republics. According to Bond, the image of the bat above the castle came from Werner Herzog, who directed the Dracula adaptation "Nosferatu the Vampyre" (1979).
Live performances.
"Heart" was performed on the Pet Shop Boys' first tour in 1989, with a film projection by Derek Jarman featuring dancers in a club. The song was revived for the Pandemonium Tour in 2009–2010, opening the show in a mix with "More Than a Dream" from "Yes" (2009). The performance is included on the live album "Pandemonium". "Heart" was also played on the tour in 2022–2024.
Personnel.
Personnel are adapted from the liner notes of "Actually: Further Listening 1987–1988" and "Heart".
Pet Shop Boys
Additional musicians
Technical personnel
Artwork
External links.
Lyrics: Heart

</doc>
<doc id="6933196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933196" title="George Groves (sound engineer)">
George Groves (sound engineer)

George Robert Groves (13 December 1901 – 4 September 1976) was a film sound pioneer who played a significant role in developing the technology that brought sound to the silent screen. He is also credited as being Hollywood's first ‘sound man’; he was the recording engineer on the seminal Al Jolson picture, "The Jazz Singer" (1927), as well as many other early talkies. In a career with Warner Brothers that spanned 46 years, he rose to become their Director of Sound and won two Academy Awards out of eight nominations in total.
Early life.
George was born on 13 December 1901 over a barber's shop at 57 Duke Street, St Helens, Lancashire, England. His father, George Alfred Groves, was a master barber and talented musician who founded the first brass band in St Helens. His son George Jr. was proficient in a number of instruments and regularly played the cornet in the town's Theatre Royal. He was also a lather boy in his father's two barber shops in Duke Street and Owen Street.
George was educated at Nutgrove Junior School and Cowley Grammar School in St. Helens. After gaining a scholarship to Liverpool University, he graduated in 1922 with an honours degree in Engineering and Telephony. He spent a year in Coventry working for GEC developing early wireless receivers and then applied for employment in the United States. On 1 December 1923, George sailed to New York on the SS Laconia for what he thought would be a two-year engagement.
Career.
He obtained a position with the research team at Bell Laboratories who were developing film sound technology using the sound-on-disc process. In 1925, Warner Brothers bought the Bell system and created the Vitaphone Corporation. In 1926, George Groves was assigned to Vitaphone and was charged with recording the soundtrack to the John Barrymore picture, "Don Juan" (1926). This was the first full-length film to have a synchronized soundtrack, provided by the New York Philharmonic. Groves devised an innovative, multi-microphone technique and performed a live mix of the 107-strong orchestra. In doing so he became the first music mixer in film history.
George Groves then recorded the sound for "The Jazz Singer" (1927) a ground-breaking motion picture which revolutionized the film industry. The star of the film, Al Jolson, dubbed George "The Quiet Little Englishman" and insisted that he alone record his pictures. In recording the sound for "The Jazz Singer", Groves became the first ever production recordist.
During World War II, Groves served with the First Motion Picture Unit of the Army Air Force.
In his lengthy Warner Brothers career, George Groves pioneered numerous other sound techniques and practices that the film and television industries take for granted today, including ADR and the use of radio microphones. He won two Oscars for Best Sound for his work on the films "Sayonara" (1957) and "My Fair Lady" (1964). His Oscar for the latter was presented to him on stage at the Academy Awards of 1965 by Steve McQueen and Claudia Cardinale. In total, Groves worked on thirty-two films that received Academy Award nominations for best sound.
In 1957, George Groves became Director of Sound at Warner Brothers, and in 1972, the year of his retirement, he was awarded the prestigious Samuel L. Warner memorial award by the Society of Motion Picture Engineers. George died of a heart attack on 4 September 1976. He is interred in the Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Hollywood Hills).
Academy Awards.
Groves won two Academy Awards and was nominated for six more in the category Best Sound.
Campaign for recognition.
In 1993, George Groves’ 92-year-old sister, Hilda Barrow from Liverpool, began a campaign for official recognition in the United Kingdom of her brother's pioneering work. As a result, in 1996 two British Film Industry plaques were unveiled to commemorate his achievements. One was at Groves' birthplace in Duke Street, St Helens, The other was in a prestigious Warners Cinema in London's West End.

</doc>
<doc id="6933201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933201" title="2006 Jacksonville Jaguars season">
2006 Jacksonville Jaguars season

The 2006 Jacksonville Jaguars season was the franchise's 12th season in the National Football League (NFL) and the 4th under head coach Jack Del Rio. The Jaguars failed to improve on their 12–4 record from 2005. This was the franchise's first year without their star wide receiver Jimmy Smith, as he retired in the offseason. The Jaguars finished in third place in the AFC South and finished the season at 8–8. Although the Jaguars were 8–5 after thirteen games, they lost their next three games in a row and missed the postseason for the second time in three seasons. 
Regular season.
Schedule.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries.
Week 3: at Indianapolis Colts.
The Jaguars' defense effectively limited the Colts' offense to 66 yards and 3 first downs in the first half. However, the Jaguars could not capitalize on this strong defensive performance due to several errors. Leftwich threw an interception on their second possession while deep in Colts territory. Following that, they were forced to punt, and Colts' returner Terrence Wilkins ran back 82 yards, which resulted in the only points for the Colts in the first half. Additionally, on their final drive before halftime, Josh Scobee missed a 24–yard field goal attempt and later failed to convert a 49–yard field goal near the end of the third quarter. Ultimately, the Colts managed to score two touchdowns, securing a 21–14 victory. Manning achieved a completion rate of under 50 percent, connecting on 14 out of 31 attempts for a total of 219 yards.
Week 14: vs. Indianapolis Colts.
On the first play from scrimmage for the Jaguars, Fred Taylor gained 76 yards on a run into Colts territory, followed by an 18–yard rushing touchdown by rookie running back Maurice Jones-Drew. After a Colts touchdown, Jones-Drew rushed twice for a total of 34 yards, followed by Taylor's 19–yard run and a 21–yard rushing touchdown. Following an interception thrown by Manning, Jones-Drew added a 48–yard rushing touchdown. The Jaguars capped off the first half with a field goal, leading 24–10 at halftime. On the second-half kickoff, Jones-Drew made a 93–yard return for a touchdown. He further contributed with an additional 48 rushing yards, while running back Alvin Pearman stepped in for Taylor, rushing for 73 yards, which included a 6–yard touchdown run. The running backs' collective rushing performance played a pivotal role in securing a decisive 44–17 victory against the Colts.
During this game, the Jaguars combined for 375 rushing yards, the second-most in a single game since the AFL–NFL merger. Maurice Jones-Drew had a franchise-record 302 all-purpose yards; 166 rushing yards with two touchdowns, 15 receiving yards, and 121 return yards with a kickoff return touchdown. Fred Taylor had 131 rushing yards with one touchdown. Alvin Pearman contributed 71 rushing yards on 13 carries with one touchdown.

</doc>
<doc id="6933205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933205" title="New Life College, Bangalore">
New Life College, Bangalore

New Life College (NLC) is an Evangelical Seminary by Nava Jeeva Ashram, the non-profit society founded by Rev. Dr. John Thannickal in 1978 in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It is one of the major evangelical seminaries in Bangalore having undergraduate and postgraduate academic programs. More than 1000 students have graduated from this seminary since its inception, serving the cause of the Protestant and Evangelical church in South and South-East Asia as pastors, evangelists and teachers.
The college was initially started at St. Thomas Town, Bangalore and was subsequently moved to the new campus at Hennur, Bangalore in 2002.
Location.
New Life College is located on the outer ring road of Bangalore at the junction of Hennur main Road. The college is visible from the ring road, 100 yards west of Hennur Main Road. The Bangalore Bus Depot at Hennur is less than half a kilometer from the College.
The front gate of the college is on the Ashram Road connecting to the Hennur Main Road. Bangalore International Airport is 35 km from the college. City buses 292- 296 (A-F) connects the college to Hennur bus Depot.
Music education.
The Center for Music Education (the music education department of New Life College) offers academic degree programs in Western Music.
Accreditation.
The academic programs are accredited by the Asia Theological Association (ATA).

</doc>
<doc id="6933206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933206" title="List of newspapers in Sudan">
List of newspapers in Sudan

This is a list of newspapers in Sudan. It comprises both daily newspapers as well as general news magazines, published both by Sudanese journalists working in Sudan and abroad, in print and/or online version.

</doc>
<doc id="6933208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933208" title="San Felipe (shipwreck)">
San Felipe (shipwreck)

The San Felipe (also known as El Lerri, El Terri, or Tyrri) is a historic shipwreck near Islamorada, Florida, United States. It is located east of Lower Matecumbe Key and south of the wreck of the "San Pedro". On August 11, 1994, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6933210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933210" title="Kendujhar district">
Kendujhar district

Kendujhar district, also known as Keonjhar district, is an administrative district of Odisha. The district is one of the fifth Scheduled Areas of Odisha. The town of Kendujhar (or Kendujhargarh) is the district headquarters. The district has three sub-divisions, Anandapur, Champua, and Kendujhar.
Etymology.
Origin of the name Keonjhar/Kendujhar is not certain. Locals pronounce the name as "Kenjhar". In medieval Sanskrit inscriptions the name "Kenjhar" is found. The name has been Sanskritised to Kendujhar by the ex-Durbar government. The name "Kendujhar" is derived from "Kendu", meaning East Indian Ebony (tree which is abundant in the district) and "Jhar" meaning water spring.
History.
Early history of Kendujhar is not certain. Nagas of Vindhyatabi ruled Keonjhar during the second century CE to fourth century CE and Satrubhanja was famous king of the dynasty. In Sitabhinji, fresco paintings were found in the cave shelter of Ravana Chhaya, which date to the fifth century A.D.
The district of Kendujhar functioned as a princely state before its amalgamation with Orissa, its early historical accounts remaining enigmatic. Cobden-Ramsay delineated a segment of Upper Kendujhar, amalgamating it with Mayurbhanj to establish the entity known as Hariharpur. This geographical entity likely constituted a component of the ancient Khijjinga territory, which had its headquarters at Khijjinga Kota, now identified as modern Khiching. It evolved into an independent state during the early half of the 12th century A.D., under the rulership of Jyoti Bhanja.
Preceding the reign of Jyoti Bhanja, Kendujhar's territorial jurisdiction encompassed solely the northern precinct of the contemporary district. In the latter part of the 15th century, under the governance of King Govinda Bhanja, Kendujhar extended its territorial boundaries from Singhbhum in the north to Sukinda (a "Zamindari" situated in Cuttack district) in the south. It also extended from Mayurbhanj in the east to the perimeters of the States of Bonai, Pal-lahara, and Dhenkanal in the west. During Pratap Balabhadra Bhanja's rule (1764-1792 A.D.), two small areas, Tillo and Jujhpada, were acquired from the Zamindar of Kantajhari and incorporated into the State. These additions received official recognition in the 1804 "Sanad" granted by the East India Company to Raja Janardan Bhanja. After the merger with Orissa, for administrative reasons, Tillo (7.51 sq. km.) and Jujhpada (9.06 sq. km.) were transferred to Baleshwar and Cuttack districts, respectively. Additionally, the Ambo group of villages (14.84 sq. km.) from Baleshwar district became part of Kendujhar district.
There were several chiefs of this Gadjat State until Raja Janardan Bhanja signed a treaty with East India Company. This recognised the title of Raja by British Government. There was a succession dispute when the then Raja died without a legitimate heir in 1861. This dispute was finally over with a multiparty compromise with Dhanurjaya Bhanja being crowned king in 1868. However, there was a rebellion that broke out soon after led by Ratna Naik and a few other tribals. This rebellion was quelled with the help of British Police. There was another tribal uprising in 1891 under the leadership of Dharanidhar Naik against oppressive practices such as bonded labour. This was known as "Dharani Meli". The Raja had to flee to Cuttack and the rebellion was again quelled by British forces.
Post Indian Independence in 1947 the whole of Keonjhar State was integrated into the State of Odisha (then Orissa) by "The Administration of Orissa States Orders, 1948". It became one of the 13 districts of the State.&lt;ref name="The Orissa Gazette. Extraordinary No. 2A/1.1.1948"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
Geography.
Keonjhar is a landlocked district situated in the northern part of Orissa. It is bounded by Mayurbhanj, Balasore and Bhadrak district to the east, Jajpur district to the south, Dhenkanal, Anugul and Sundargarh district to the west, and West Singhbhum district to the north.
The district of Keonjhar is highly rich in mineral resources and has vast deposits of iron, manganese and chromium ores. About 30% of the district's total area is covered with tracts of dense forests. Keonjhar also contains one of the oldest rock formations in the world, which covers an area of 100 km2.
Topography.
On the eastern half of the district are the plains of Anandapur. To the west is a range of hills containing peaks such as Gandhamardan (3477 ft), Mankadnacha (3639 ft), Gonasika (3219 ft) and Thakurani (3003 ft)
About half of the area of this district is covered by forests of Northern tropical deciduous type trees which include Sal, Asan, Jamu, Arjuna, Kusum, Kangada, Mahua, Mango, Kendu.
The highlands consist of clusters of rugged crags and the mountaintops appear to be sharply ridged or peaked, however they have extensive tablelands on their summits. In some areas, isolated hills rise abruptly from the plains, but most areas have a general elevation of over 600m. The highlands form the watershed for a number of rivers, including the Baitarani River.
Nomira national geological monument.
Pillow Lava in lron ore belt at Nomira 2 km east of Nomira 18 km from 18 km south of Joda town, on the Keonjhar-Barbil-Lahunipada state highway, has been declared the National Geological Monuments of India by the Geological Survey of India (GSI), for their protection, maintenance, promotion and enhancement of geotourism. Pillow Lava, Iron ore belt of Nomira is an exposure of ellipsoidal pillow lava of a maximum thickness of 2m x 0.6m. The fine to medium grained, green to bluish green coloured with abundant Vesicular texture filled with quartz. The lavas and the associated pyroclastic rocks and tuffs are underlain by quartzite and overlain by shale, chart-shale and banded hematite jasper.
The site can be reached from Joda by following Joda Nayagar road up to Bamebari and then following a 2 km unmetalled road leading eastward up to Nomira.
Climate.
The temperature in the district begins to rise rapidly in the spring with the highest temperatures recorded in the month of May usually go up to 38 °C. The maximum recorded temperature however is 43.3 °C. The weather cools during the monsoon in June and remains cool until the end of October. The temperature in the month of December can drop down to 7 °C. The minimum temperature recorded was 1 °C. The average annual rainfall is 1910.1 mm.
Economy.
Keonjhar is part of the Singhbhum-Keonjhar-Banei iron belt. This belt stretches about 50 km and around 14.5 km lie within Kendujhar District. Daitari hills that border Kendujhar and Jajpur district is home to high grade of Iron ore. Odisha Mining Corporation along with TISCO and Bolani Mines Private Ltd run iron ore mines in Kendujhar. In addition there are many medium and small scale mining operations in Barbil/Joda area. Keonjhar also has abundant manganese and Chromite deposits. Kendujhar supplies around 80% of Odisha's manganese production. The manganese mines are at Banspani, Barbil and Barjamda while the Chromite mines are at Baula, Nuasahi and Phulinjhorhuli.
2006 the Ministry of Panchayati Raj named Kendujhar one of the country's 250 most backward districts. The district is one of the 19 districts in Orissa currently receiving funds from the Backward Regions Grant Fund Programme (BRGF).
As per the Mines and Minerals (Development &amp; Regulation) Act of 2015 the district is set to receive aid from mining companies and lease holders.
Demographics.
According to the 2011 census, Kendujhar district has a population of 1,801,733. It is the 264th most populous district in India. The district has a population density of . The district's population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was 15.42%. Kendujhar has a sex ratio of 987 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 69%. 14.05% of the population lives in urban areas. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes make up 11.62% and 45.45% of the population.
The concentration of Scheduled Tribes is the highest in the Keonjhar subdivision and lowest in the Anandapur subdivision. The majority of Scheduled Tribes members are employed in agriculture, mining, or quarrying. The literacy among the Scheduled Tribes was 15.25% in the 1981 census but it has increased to 24.89% in the 1991 census. This percentage is higher than the State average of 22.31%.
Tribes and communities.
Kendujhar district, situated in the state of Odisha, is categorized as a Scheduled Area. According to the 2011 census, the Scheduled population accounts for 57.06% of the state's total population. The district has significant representation of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes. The major Scheduled Castes in Kendujhar district, along with their respective percentages within the total Scheduled Caste population of 209,357, are as follows: Pano (59.9%), Dhoba (13.59%), Keuta (4.23%), Dom (4.11%), Ghasi (3.27%), Haddi (2.25%), Pantanti (2.07%), Patratanti (1.53%), Gokha (1.12%), and Tamudia (0.94%). Similarly, the major Scheduled Tribes in the district, with their respective percentages within the total Scheduled Tribe population of 801,878, include Ho (30.77%), Bhuiyan (12.70%), Gond (9.86%), Bathudi (9.65%), Sounti (8.89%), Santal (8.8%), Munda (5.97%), Juang (3.27%), Lodha (3.21%), Bhumij (1.76%), Soura (1.18%), Mirdha (0.63%).
Languages.
At the time of the 2011 Census of India, 78.88% of the population in the district spoke Odia, 8.09% Ho, 3.77% Santali, 2.66% Hindi, 1.69% Mundari, 1.29% Juang and 0.93% Urdu as their first language.
Around 30% of the tribals belong to the Ho people and they speak the Ho language. Other languages include Bhunjia, which is spoken by approximately 7000 Bhunjia Adivasis. Only Bhunija Tribal communities also speak Odia as a secondary language and other tribal communities uses their own mother tongues.
Culture and heritage.
The culture of Keonjhar district is mainly tribal culture of different tribes residing in this district. The district administration recognised important tribal festivals among which are the festivals of Sohrai, Gaumara Parab, Sarhul, Mage Parab, Baa Parab, Hermuutu, Heroh Parab, Karam Parab, Jomnama Parab, Jomsuim, Uda Parab, and Baruni Jatra and Bhoji Bhaata.
Folk dance.
The district has large sections of tribal communities. So, there are many folk dances such as Ho, Juang and Changu dances which are popular and recognised by the district administration.
Ho Dance.
This dance is performed by the Ho speaking tribe mainly during Mage Porob in the month of November–January.
Juang Dance.
Juang dance is performed by the Juang tribe of this district.
Politics.
Vidhan sabha constituencies.
The following is the 6 Vidhan sabha constituencies of Kendujhar district and the elected members of that area.

</doc>
<doc id="6933211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933211" title="Fort Nelson Park">
Fort Nelson Park



</doc>
<doc id="6933213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933213" title="Minister for Macedonia and Thrace (Greece)">
Minister for Macedonia and Thrace (Greece)



</doc>
<doc id="6933219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933219" title="Copyright notice">
Copyright notice

In the United States copyright law, a copyright notice is a notice of statutorily prescribed form that informs users of the underlying claim to copyright ownership in a published work.
Copyright is a form of protection provided by U.S. law to authors of "original works of authorship". When a work is published under the authority of the copyright owner, a notice of copyright may be placed on all publicly distributed copies or phonorecords. The use of the notice is the responsibility of the copyright owner and does not require permission from, or registration with, the Copyright Office.
Use of the notice informs the public that a work is protected by copyright, identifies the copyright owner, and shows the year of first publication. Furthermore, in the event that a work is infringed, if the work carries a proper notice, the court will not give any weight to a defendant's use of an innocent infringement defense—that is, to a claim that the defendant did not realize that the work was protected. An innocent infringement defense can result in a reduction in damages that the copyright owner would otherwise receive.
US law no longer requires the use of a copyright notice, although placing it on a work does confer certain benefits to the copyright holder. Prior law did, however, require a notice, and the use of a notice is still relevant to the copyright status of older works.
For works first published on or after March 1, 1989, use of the copyright notice is optional. Before March 1, 1989, the use of the notice was mandatory on all published works. Omitting the notice on any work first published from January 1, 1978, to February 28, 1989, could have resulted in the loss of copyright protection if corrective steps were not taken within a certain amount of time. Works published before January 1, 1978, are governed by the 1909 Copyright Act. Under that law, if a work was published under the copyright owner's authority without a proper notice of copyright, all copyright protection for that work was permanently lost in the United States.
Form of notice.
Section 401 of the Copyright Act specifies the form and location of the copyright notice. The form used for "visually perceptible" copies—that is, copies that can be seen or read, either directly (such as books) or with the aid of a machine (such as films)—differs from the form used for phonorecords of sound recordings (such as compact discs or cassettes).
Form of notice for visually perceptible copies.
The notice for visually perceptible copies should contain all three elements described below. They should appear together or in close proximity on the copies.
"Example:" © 2012 Jane Doe
The "C in a circle" notice is used only on "visually perceptible" copies. Certain kinds of works, such as musical, dramatic, and literary works, may be fixed not in "copies" but by means of sound in an audio recording. Since audio recordings such as audiotapes and phonograph discs are "phonorecords" and not "copies," the "C in a circle" notice is not used to indicate protection of the underlying musical, dramatic, or literary work that is recorded.
Form of notice for phonorecords of sound recordings.
The copyright notice for phonorecords embodying a sound recording is different from that for other works. Sound recordings are defined as "works that result from the fixation of a series of musical, spoken or other sounds, but not including the sounds accompanying a motion picture or other audio visual work." Copyright in a sound recording protects the particular series of sounds fixed in the recording against unauthorized reproduction, revision, and distribution. This copyright is distinct from the copyright of the musical, literary, or dramatic work that may be recorded on the phonorecord.
Phonorecords can be phonograph records (such as LPs and 45s), audiotapes, cassettes, or discs. The notice should contain the following three elements appearing together on the phonorecord.
"Example:" ℗ 2012 X.Y.Z. Records, Inc.
Location of notice.
The Copyright Office has issued regulations concerning the position of the notice and methods of affixation. Generally, the copyright notice should be placed on copies or phono records in such a way that it gives reasonable notice of the claim of copyright. The notice should be permanently legible to an ordinary user of the work under normal conditions of use and should not be concealed from view upon reasonable examination.
Reasons to include an optional copyright notice.
A copyright notice may still be used as a deterrent against infringement, or as a notice that the owner intends on holding their claim to copyright. It is also a copyright violation, if not also a federal crime, to remove or modify copyright notice with intent to "induce, enable, facilitate, or conceal an infringement". Also worth noting is that copyright notice has never been required on "unpublished" works, the copyright of which may last for well over 100 years. A copyright notice also gives a clear statement of ownership and date of publication, in the event of a work for hire or collaborative effort; explicitly stating the copyright claimant can reduce disputes over ownership, while explicitly stating the year of publication can (particularly in the cases of works claimed by corporations) make it clear when said copyright expires, thereby reducing the chances of the work being orphaned and left in a legal limbo.
Inclusion of a proper copyright notice on the originals is also evidence that the copyright owners may use to defeat a defense of "innocent infringement", to avoid "statutory damages", other than in certain cases claiming a "fair use" defense.
Foreign works published in the US without copyright notice.
Certain foreign works published in the US without copyright notice prior to 1989, which made them public domain, have had their copyrights "restored" under the Uruguay Round Agreements Act, provided the rights had not already expired in their country of original publication prior to 1996. This creates the anomaly that foreign works from 1929 to 1989 may be afforded more US copyright protection than domestic US works published in that same period, even though they were both published without any copyright notice.
Technical requirements.
There are technical requirements as to the information a copyright notice must contain.
Under the 1870 law, in effect until 1909, the copyright owner had to write "Entered according to act of Congress, in the year _________________, by A. B., in the office of the Librarian of Congress, at Washington." Starting in 1874, the copyright owner could also write "Copyright, 18_________________, by A. B."
Under the 1909 law, in effect until 1978, the notice for printed literary, musical, or dramatics works had to contain the name of the author, the year, and "Copyright" or "Copr." Other works did not need to include the year and could use the © symbol. In books or other printed works, the notice were required to have appeared on the title page or the page immediately following the title page.
Under the 1978 US law, a copyright notice must contain the copyright symbol (a lower case letter c completely surrounded by a circle) or its equivalent. The word "copyright" or the abbreviation "Copr." are also accepted in the US, but not in other countries. Works distributed outside the US use the © symbol. The copyright notice must also contain the year in which the work was first published (or created), and the name of the copyright owner, which may be the author (including the legal author/owner of a work made for hire), one or more joint authors, or the person or entity to whom the copyright has been transferred. According to US copyright law the copyright notice must be affixed and positioned to give "reasonable notice of the claim of copyright".
There are slightly different technical requirements for copyright notice on phonographic recordings, specifically using a sound recording copyright symbol ("℗") instead of the "©" symbol.
Overstatement of rights.
Legal scholar Wendy Seltzer has pointed out how many organizations overstate their rights in their copyright notices. For her law class in 2007, Seltzer copied the televised copyright notice of the NFL, during Super Bowl XLI, using her rights under fair use. She then posted this snippet to YouTube. The NFL sent an official DMCA request to YouTube that the recording be removed. Seltzer, who had expected this, challenged the takedown, and the snippet was restored. Seltzer has also posted the overreaching claims of Major League Baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="6933221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933221" title="HARD corps">
HARD corps



</doc>
<doc id="6933225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933225" title="Playball">
Playball



</doc>
<doc id="6933249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933249" title="Audio-branding">
Audio-branding



</doc>
<doc id="6933251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933251" title="Allergic Inflammation">
Allergic Inflammation



</doc>
<doc id="6933252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933252" title="Swiss 1. Liga (ice hockey)">
Swiss 1. Liga (ice hockey)

 
The Swiss 1. Liga is the fourth-highest ice hockey league in Switzerland, behind the National League, the Swiss League and the MyHockey League. The teams compete in three divisions – Eastern Switzerland, Central Switzerland and Western Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="6933259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933259" title="Mumias">
Mumias

Mumias is a town in Kakamega County of Kenya. The town has an urban population of 116,358 (2009 census) and is the second largest town in Kakamega County.
Mumias was the centre of the Mumias District. The town is linked by road to Kakamega (in east), Busia (west), Bungoma (north), Butere, Luanda, Maseno and Kisumu (south). Two major rivers, River Nzoia and River Lusumu pass close to the town. 
The town has four major hospitals namely, Mumias Level 4 Hospital (the largest) St.Marys' Mission hospital, Jamia Hospital and The Mumias Modern Dispensary. The town has a modern bus park and a modern market. 
The town hosts the Office of the Member of Parliament for Mumias West, the office of the Deputy County Commissioner. The town has a stadium, Bomani Grounds, used for official meetings, political events, games and other events. 
The collapsed Mumias Sugar Company was a major employer in the region. The company owned the Mumias Sugar FC, which was one of the top football teams in Kenya until it was disbanded in 2007.
Five minutes outside Mumias town, on the road to Kakamega, there is a hospital, St. Mary's Mission Hospital and a medical college, St. Mary's School of Clinical Medicine. They are run by the Catholic Diocese of Kakamega (Mumias parish) which also sponsors several public primary and secondary schools namely: St. Mary's Girls High School, St. Anne's Mumias Primary School, St. Peter's Mumias Boys Primary School and St. Peter's Boys' High School.
History.
The town is capital of the Luhya kingdom of Wanga. King Nabongo Mumia, who came to power in 1880, was the last sovereign king of Wanga. He was succeeded by his son Shitawa who ruled after his death in 1949 till the late seventies. He then was succeeded by Mumia II who is currently in power. His role remains largely non executive, but the royal family draws taxes from the trade that goes on in the county council of Mumias, which is to date still regarded as the seat of power. This includes taxes from the Mumias Sugar Company. The family still owns the land in the county although bits and pieces have been sold off to private developers. The entire Royal Family is still very closely linked to the choices of political leaders in the region as well as to their royal ties of the Abashitsetse clan. Each family has its own meetings (families keep the family tree with major families arising from the last sovereign Wanga government, with the brothers of King Mumia forming the Patriarchal Heads of the family). Mumias has a noticeable Muslim community, unique in western Kenya. It derives from trade links between Wanga state and coastal Kenya.
The town with two sub counties Mumias East and Mumias West in the larger county of Kakamega, is home to various Evangelical, Pentecostal and traditional Christian denominations.
The town was known as "Lureko" until it was renamed Mumias.
The Nabongo Cultural Centre in Matungu showcasing the Wanga Kingdom was opened in the outskirts of Mumias in 2008, near the traditional homestead of Wanga kings (Nabongos).
Religion.
The town has two major religions, Christianity and Muslims although most other religions are found here. There are very many churches in the town and surrounding areas. 
The area of Lukoye has a mosque called "Sheikh Khalifa Mosque", which was built in 1991 with Kuwaiti assistance. Other mosques have since been set up such as the one in Ekero area.

</doc>
<doc id="6933261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933261" title="Slanted and enchanted">
Slanted and enchanted



</doc>
<doc id="6933262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933262" title="Mi’kmaq language">
Mi’kmaq language



</doc>
<doc id="6933267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933267" title="Keonjhar district.">
Keonjhar district.



</doc>
<doc id="6933269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933269" title="Mi'gmaq language">
Mi'gmaq language



</doc>
<doc id="6933274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933274" title="2006 Chicago Bears season">
2006 Chicago Bears season

The 2006 season was the Chicago Bears' 87th season in the National Football League, and the third under head coach Lovie Smith. The team improved on their 11–5 record from 2005 and finished with a 13–3 record; the best in the NFC. The Bears retained their NFC North divisional title and advanced to their first NFC Championship Game in 18 years, defeating the New Orleans Saints on January 21, 2007, by a score of 39–14. The Bears played the Indianapolis Colts in Super Bowl XLI, where they lost 29–17. The team finished the 2006 NFL season tied for second in points scored, and third in points allowed.
Due to the NFL's scheduling formula the Bears played 6 intra-division games, posting a record of 5–1. Because of rotating cycle scheduling, the Bears matched up against all four teams in the AFC East (going 2–2) and NFC West (going 4–0). In the remaining games, the Bears played the NFC's other reigning division winners, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and New York Giants, posting a record of 2–0. During the entire season, the Bears played 10 games at home, 8 games on the road, and 1 game at a neutral field for the Super Bowl. Including the playoffs and Super Bowl, the Bears finished with a record of 15–4.
Noteworthy football stories for the 2006 season were replacing retired cornerback and kick returner Jerry Azumah, the quarterback controversy between productive but inconsistent and potentially fragile Rex Grossman and veteran free agent Brian Griese, the record setting returns by Devin Hester, Bernard Berrian's breakout season, competition between the Bears' running backs (Cedric Benson and Thomas Jones), and 5th round draft pick Mark Anderson's 12 quarterback sacks as a rookie.
Offseason.
Draft.
The Chicago Bears’ 2006 NFL draft picks drew much criticism from various Bears’ fans and local sports critics. After injuries plagued the Bears’ offensive depth chart, the team finished the 2005 NFL season ranked 31st in passing yardage per game. Many fans assumed that the Bears would draft a tight end or wide receiver to improve the offense. However, Jerry Angelo and Lovie Smith surprised the media by trading away the Bears’ first round draft pick, and drafting five defensive players. Devin Hester was drafted to fill the void left by former cornerback Jerry Azumah and punt returner Bobby Wade, while Danieal Manning could provide additional depth to the Bears’ secondary while also being potentially available for punt and kick returns, as his highest prospect grade came in kick returning. Additionally, Anderson and Dvoracek were drafted to add depth to the Bears’ defensive line.
Training camp.
The preseason featured a brewing quarterback controversy when Rex Grossman struggled in his exhibition appearances and newly signed veteran back-up Brian Griese moved the second team offense freely.
The competition for the starting running back position went to Thomas Jones by default after sophomore running back Cedric Benson missed every preseason game with a shoulder injury inflicted in practice by Brian Urlacher and Mike Brown.
Uniform combinations.
During the 2006 season, the Bears reintroduced three combinations of jerseys. During their week eight game against the San Francisco 49ers, the Bears wore special orange jerseys in the spirit of Halloween. They also wore all-white uniforms during their final two away games. Additionally, the Bears wore all-blue uniforms during their season finale against the Green Bay Packers.
Game summaries.
Week 1: at Green Bay Packers.
The Bears began their season on a victorious note by defeating the Green Bay Packers. Widely considered one of the league's most storied rivalries, the Bears and Packers had previously met 28 times at Lambeau Field for a season opener. Notably, this was the first shutout ever for the Packers with quarterback Brett Favre at the helm.
Week 2: vs. Detroit Lions.
The Bears began a winning streak by defeating the Detroit Lions at Soldier Field. The game drew more media attention than usual when Roy Williams of the Detroit Lions guaranteed a victory against the Bears.
Week 3: at Minnesota Vikings.
The Bears offense was limited by a resurgent Minnesota Vikings defense, but fourth-quarter heroics from both the offense and defense resulted in a 19–16 victory.
Week 4: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
Taking advantage of an injured Shaun Alexander, who did not play, and playing very well on both sides of the ball, the Bears defeated the defending NFC Champion Seattle Seahawks at Soldier Field by a score of 37–6 on the Bears' first night game of the year.
Week 5: vs. Buffalo Bills.
Week five marked the return of former Bears head coach Dick Jauron to Soldier Field. It would also be the second straight week in which the Bears defeated their opponent by more than 30 points.
Week 6: at Arizona Cardinals.
The Bears traveled to the newly opened University of Phoenix Stadium to play the Arizona Cardinals, their former cross-town rivals. While many expected the game a lop-sided affair in favor of the 5–0 Bears, the Cardinals led the Bears before stumbling in the game's last quarter. The game marked the Bears’ first Monday Night Football appearance since the 2003 NFL season, and second overall prime-time appearance of the season. The game started on an auspicious note for the Cardinals, as Rex Grossman faced a quick three and out after failing to connect to Bernard Berrian on a deep pass. The Cardinals responded offensively when rookie quarterback Matt Leinart threw two touchdowns in the first quarter. As Neil Rackers helped bolster the Cardinals lead with a set of field goals, Grossman continued to struggle and committed four turnovers in the first half alone. By half time, the Cardinals were leading the Bears by a score of 20–0, which was the largest deficit they had faced all season at that point.
The Bears finally got on the score board in the third quarter when Robbie Gould kicked a 23-yard field goal. However, Rackers responded again to boost the Cardinals lead back to twenty points. By the game's third quarter, many had assumed the Cardinals had grasped their second win of the season, and the undefeated Bears would be forced to face defeat. However, in the dying minutes of the third quarter, the Bears’ defense made a series of staunch defensive plays that allowed them to rally back.
First, rookie defensive end Mark Anderson sacked Leinart, causing him to fumble. The loose ball was picked up by Mike Brown, who returned it for a 3-yard touchdown. Later, Brian Urlacher stripped the ball from running back Edgerrin James, and Charles Tillman recovered the football and returned it for another touchdown. The Bears, now only trailing by six points, took the lead when rookie punt returner Devin Hester returned a punt for an 83-yard touchdown. The Cardinals had one final attempt to win the game, but Rackers missed a 40-yard field goal attempt, allowing the Bears to kneel the clock out. After the game's conclusion, Dennis Green, who was the Cardinal's coach at the time, threw his infamous "They are who we thought they were!" postgame conference. The rant became so popular, that it was featured in a Coors Light commercial the next season.
Week 7: Bye.
Celebration of the Bears' improbable win over Arizona was tempered by the news that starting safety Mike Brown was lost for the season with torn ligaments in his foot. The rest of the team was able to work toward renewed good health for the San Francisco game.
Week 8: vs. San Francisco 49ers.
Week 8 saw the Bears return to Soldier Field to play the San Francisco 49ers. Prior to the game, Lovie Smith announced that the Bears would don their alternative orange jerseys to commemorate the upcoming Halloween holiday, and asked Bear fans to wear orange clothing to create an “orange swarm” at Soldier Field. The Bears' 41 point first half tied the franchise record for most points scored in one half, the other game being the 1940 NFL Championship, where the Bears defeated the Washington Redskins 73–0.
Week 9: vs. Miami Dolphins.
Week 9 saw the Bears take on the Joey Harrington-led Miami Dolphins and fall to 7–1 with their first loss of the season. Miami defensive end Jason Taylor recorded a sack, a forced fumble, and a 20-yard pick-six.
Week 10: at New York Giants.
The Bears traveled to Giants Stadium to face the New York Giants. The game was highly anticipated, as it was the first game in league history to benefit from the NFL's flexible scheduling. Furthermore, leading up to the game Giants receiver Plaxico Burress provided plenty of fodder for the Chicago media by calling the Bears’ cornerbacks “average”. Nevertheless, the Bears went on to beat the Giants by a score of 38–20. The win over the Giants allowed the Bears to hold their first-place ranking in the National Football Conference. Devin Hester was also able to tie a record 108-yard return for a touchdown shared by teammate Nathan Vasher.
Week 11: at New York Jets.
For week eleven, the Chicago Bears returned to Giants Stadium to play the New York Jets. While the Bears managed to record their second shut-out win of the year, their offense struggled throughout the first half the game, and managed only ten points in the second half. The victory over the Jets marked the first time in two games that the Bears did not turn over the ball, and Robbie Gould had not failed to convert a field goal or extra point on the year.
Week 12: at New England Patriots.
Following two consecutive wins at Giants Stadium, the Bears were to finish a three-game road trip at Gillette Stadium against the New England Patriots. Similar to the week nine confrontation with the Miami Dolphins, turnovers contributed to the Bears’ 17–13 loss against the Patriots. The opening two quarters were a story of turnovers in a Rex Grossman interception by Asante Samuel, a Benjamin Watson catch knocked into the hands of Charles Tillman, a blocked Bears field goal attempt, and fumbles by Laurence Maroney and Grossman. The third quarter saw a bizarre sequence of turnovers – first fumbles by both Watson and Reche Caldwell on the same play, followed by another Samuel interception of Grossman, and finally a second Tillman interception of Brady. Through three quarters the game was tied 10–10 before a drive where Brady faked out Brian Urlacher on a nine-yard run ended in a two-yard score to Watson. Turnovers then ended the game, with a Corey Dillon fumble followed by Samuel's third interception of Grossman. Samuel's three picks tied Roland James in Patriots history for three interceptions in one game.
Week 13: vs. Minnesota Vikings.
After the loss to New England, the Bears returned to Soldier Field to play the Minnesota Vikings. The weather conditions were harsh throughout the game; the below-freezing temperatures and swirling winds provided a clichéd background for a rivalry game in the "Black and Blue Division". Despite a marginal offensive performance, the Bears managed to defeat the Vikings 23–13.
With their tenth win of the season, the Bears secured their second consecutive NFC North Title. Additionally, the Bears became the first team in the NFL to clinch a playoff berth, and remained tied for the NFL's best record.
Week 14: at St. Louis Rams.
For week 14, the Bears traveled to St. Louis, Missouri to play the St. Louis Rams. Prior to the game, a quarterback controversy arose between Rex Grossman and Brian Griese regarding the Bears’ starting quarterback position. Grossman, who finished the preceding game with a quarterback rating of 1.3, was eager to make a statement, and rebound against the same team which injured him during the previous year's preseason. Grossman rose to the occasion, and spearheaded the Bears to a 42–27 victory over the Rams, while rookie CB Devin Hester had a record-breaking performance. Also, many spectators of the Monday night game may remember then-Senator Barack Obama's humorous television introduction before kickoff.
During the course of the game, Hester broke the NFL record for combined return touchdowns in a single season with six. He also became the sixth player in NFL history to return two kicks for touchdowns in a single game. For his performance, he earned the NFC Special Teams Player of the Week Award. On a low note, kicker Robbie Gould uncharacteristically missed two field goal attempts, and the Bears announced that defensive tackle Tommie Harris would miss the remainder of the season with a severe hamstring injury.
Week 15: vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The Bears improved to 12–2 and secured home field advantage throughout the NFC playoffs with an overtime victory over their former division rival Tampa Bay Buccaneers. The Bears entered the game without Pro Bowlers Mike Brown, Nathan Vasher and Tommie Harris. Additionally, Lovie Smith deactivated defensive tackle Tank Johnson due to his legal issues.
Week 16: at Detroit Lions.
The Bears traveled to Detroit, Michigan in hopes of another victory over the Detroit Lions on Christmas Eve. However, the game was essentially meaningless, as the Bears had already clinched the NFC's top playoff seed in the previous week. Therefore, the Bears experimented with different defensive and offensive plans en route to a victory over the Lions.
Week 17: vs. Green Bay Packers.
After their road victory against the Detroit Lions, the Bears returned home to finish their season against the archenemy Green Bay Packers. On December 24, the NFL announced that they would move to game to a primetime slot, making it the final game of the 2006 regular season. The loss marked the Bears second consecutive loss in a regular season finale. Brett Favre appeared at the end of the game, and gave a tearful interview with an NBC Sports correspondent, where he admitted his future as a professional was still questionable. Additionally, Grossman's four turnovers (including two interceptions that were returned for a touchdown), zero passer rating, and press conference comments (where he admitted to being underprepared) drew criticism both from fans and the media as the Bears' regular season came to an end.
Playoffs.
The Bears clinched a playoff berth after defeating the Minnesota Vikings during week thirteen. They obtained a first round bye the following week, and later secured the NFC's first playoff seed. This ensured the Bears home field advantage for the NFC's Divisional and Conference games.
NFC Divisional playoff: vs Seattle Seahawks (4).
The Bears advanced to the NFC Championship game by defeating the Seattle Seahawks on January 14, 2007. In a hard-fought battle, the Bears had to rely on all “four phases” of the game (offense, defense, special teams, and crowd noise) to win 27–24 in overtime.
NFC Championship: vs New Orleans Saints (2).
The Chicago Bears returned to Soldier Field to play the second-seeded New Orleans Saints for the right to represent the NFC in Super Bowl XLI. On a cold field with unsure footing, and eventually falling snow, the Bears defeated the Saints 39–14 to claim their first NFC Championship since the 1985 Season. After the game, Bears owner Virginia McCaskey was presented the George Halas Trophy, named after her late father, "Papa Bear" George Halas. With the win, Lovie Smith became the first African American coach to achieve a Super Bowl berth. In Super Bowl XLI, The Bears would match up against the Indianapolis Colts, and Smith would face his mentor, Tony Dungy.
Super Bowl XLI: vs Indianapolis Colts (A3).
Super Bowl XLI, the first Super Bowl to be played entirely in intemperate weather, saw the Bears lose to the Indianapolis Colts at Dolphin Stadium in Miami.
2007 Pro Bowl.
Eight members of the Chicago Bears were selected to play in the 2007 Pro Bowl. Olin Kreutz, Tommie Harris, Lance Briggs, Brian Urlacher, Robbie Gould, Devin Hester, and Brendon Ayanbadejo were selected by NFL fans throughout the nation to represent the Bears. The eight selections were the most from any team in the NFC. The Bears had not sent that many players to Honolulu since the 1986 Pro Bowl, which succeeded the 1985 NFL season, when they sent nine. On January 25, Bears' left guard Ruben Brown was named to his ninth Pro Bowl, taking the spot of injured Shawn Andrews of the Philadelphia Eagles. However, Harris, Urlacher, Kreutz, and Briggs missed the Pro Bowl on the account of injuries.
Off the field incidents.
Perhaps the most prevalent off-field occurrences were the actions taken by and against Tank Johnson and Ricky Manning, Jr. On December 14, 2006, Lake County police officers searched Johnson's home in Gurnee, Illinois, and discovered that he possessed six firearms, including two assault rifles. Johnson was charged with violation of probation and possessing unlicensed weapons. A Chicago media storm erupted shortly after when Johnson's bodyguard was shot and killed December 16, after attending a club with him. Bears coach Lovie Smith deactivated Johnson for the following game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers based on the incidents. Speculation arose in Chicago that the Bears' defensive tackle would not be allowed either legally or by the team to travel to Miami to play in the Super Bowl, but he was ultimately allowed to play. Johnson eventually served 60 days in a Cook County jail because of the charges. Manning Jr. faced a similar situation that cost him a one-game suspension. On April 23, 2006, two days after receiving an offer sheet from the Bears, Manning Jr. attacked a man in a Denny's restaurant after teasing him for working on a laptop computer. In September 2006, Manning pleaded no contest to felony assault in exchange for another probation deal, though later he proclaimed his innocence.

</doc>
<doc id="6933276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933276" title="Jay Mazur">
Jay Mazur

Jay Mazur (born January 22, 1965) is a Canadian-born American former professional ice hockey forward. He played 47 games in the National Hockey League with the Vancouver Canucks between 1988 and 1992, spending the rest of his career in the minor leagues before retiring in 2001.
Personal life.
Mazur was born in Hamilton, Ontario and raised in Akron, Ohio. Mazur's father was a petroleum engineer who spent time in both the US and Canada. Mazur was selected by the Vancouver Canucks in the 12th round of the 1983 NHL Entry Draft from Breck HS in Minnesota. Mazur then spent four years at the University of Maine, where he earned a degree in physical education.
Playing career.
Mazur turned pro in 1987 and signed with the Canucks. His first three pro seasons were spent primarily with the Canucks' IHL farm teams where he was a productive scorer, although he did manage to earn two call-ups and gain six games of NHL experience. While his size (6'1" 210 lbs) and scoring touch were attractive to a small Canuck team, he needed time in the IHL to work on his skating, which was marginal by NHL standards.
Mazur had a strong training camp in 1990 to crack Vancouver's NHL squad full-time. Unfortunately, though, his season was curtailed by two major injuries which limited him to only 36 games. However, he was productive in his limited action, finishing with 11 goals and 18 points. He also played in all 6 playoff games in Vancouver's opening-round loss to the Los Angeles Kings.
Mazur was again on the Canucks' roster to start the 1991–92 season, although he was seeing limited action as a depth player. Following the team's signing of Russian superstar forward Pavel Bure a month into the season on October 31, Mazur was the odd man out and was reassigned to the AHL.
He spent three more years in Vancouver's farm system before finally parting ways with the Canucks in 1994. He then became something of a hockey nomad, playing for 8 different pro teams in 5 different minor-pro leagues, as well as brief stops in Italy and Germany, before retiring in 2001.
Post-playing career.
Following his retirement he returned to Maine, where he currently coaches high-school hockey at Scarborough High School and was a Gym Teacher at Scarborough Middle School. He also works sales part time at Yankee Ford the #1 Ford dealership in Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="6933278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933278" title="Mumia's">
Mumia's



</doc>
<doc id="6933279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933279" title="Frostenden">
Frostenden

Frostenden is a village and civil parish in the East Suffolk district of the English county of Suffolk. It is around south-west of Lowestoft and north-west of Southwold and lies on the A12 road between Wrentham and Wangford. Neighbouring parishes include Wrentham, Sotterley, Uggeshall, Wangford with Henham, Reydon and South Cove.
At the 2011 United Kingdom census the population of the parish was 167. The parish council operates jointly with the neighbouring parishes of South Cove and Uggeshall. The parish church, All Saints, is one of around 40 round-tower churches in Suffolk.
History.
Frostenden appears in the Domesday Book. Prior to the Norman Conquest the manor, which had three carucates of land, was held by Thorth son of Ulfkil. In 1086 it formed part of the land held by Ralph Baynard and was part of Blything Hundred. The population was listed as 33 households, or approximately 165 people.
The village is listed as having two churches at the time of the Domesday survey, although one of these may be the church of St Lawrence in neighbouring South Cove. A port is recorded in the parish in 1086, with salt production having also taken place prior to the survey. It is believed that this was sited along the eastern boundary of the modern parish where the low-lying marshland which forms the border with South Cove was previously navigable.
During the 1870s, Frostenden was described by John Marius Wilson in the "Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales":
"The property is divided among a few. The living is a rectory in the diocese of Norwich. Value, £348. Patron, Thomas Barne, Esq. The church is chiefly early English; has a round western tower; and contains an early English piscina and a later English font. Charities, £28".
Mound.
There is a historically significant mound and ditch typically described as in Frostenden and associated with the sea port recorded at Domesday, but actually across the parish boundary in South Cove. It is approximately equidistant between Frostenden Corner and Cove Bottom. It is a suspected Viking-era Danish fortification, the only one in Suffolk identified by Ben Raffield's study of the National Monuments Record, Medieval Archaeology, Archaeology Data Service, and Suffolk's Historical Environmental Record.
The site may have been excavated by Eustace Grubb, which would have predated Morley's involvement.
It was first suggested as a Danish fortification by Claude Morley in 1924, after finding a site on the nearby river bank that he suspected to be the Domesday port. Ernest Cooper, writing with Morley, stated that the fort was built to protect the port, which included a dock in which the Vikings would lay up ships for the winter, though also said it may be a ship burial. Sometime between its discovery and 1951, Hugh Braun suggested it was too small to be a Danish fortress and was more likely the location of a Normal hall.
The site was the excavated by Peter Woodard in January to February 1951. He told journalists that it might be a ship burial, but later stated in a letter to the East Anglian Daily Times that it was only one of a number of possibilities he was considering. During the excavation, he found glazed tiles (which he dated to the thirteenth century), a Gallic pot, the foundations of a wall, the remains of timber, evidence of burning and a mound of burnt flint at the jetty.
Basil Brown visited the site with Guy Maynard (then curator of Ipswich Museum) during the excavation (on 31 January), and suggested it might have been constructed to prevent landing from the river. Officials from the British Museum observed the excavations but were sceptical of it being a ship burial as well, suggesting it may be a medieval farm house. Woodard finished the excavation in May 1951, declaring it to be inconclusive and that a large scale excavation in the future by someone more competent than him would be needed to tell. However, he said "for various reasons" he remained convinced that it was a ship burial.
It was surveyed again by Charles W. Phillips, working as an archaeological officer for Ordnance Survey in 1954, who stated that it was unlikely to be a ship burial as these were constructed on the highest available land near the water, and the mound is within a slight valley. He added that while it was not impossible for it to be a fortification, "it is very oddly sited in relation to the surrounding ground", again because of the valley. Phillips described the suggested dock as "not impossible but very difficult to prove."
The site was surveyed again on 11 January 1972. The surveyor stated that "its position rules out the possibility of it being a round barrow, motte, or windmill mound" and that the suggested dock "is a line of natural slopes".
The river was dredged around 1978, during which pottery, oyster shells, and bones were found, possibly from where the docks were situated though the location was not recorded.
Gatehouse Gazetteer opined that statements dismissing the possibility of it being a fortification were probably overstated and "based on false ideas about the function of castles." It describes it as "a ditched mound, with a palisade and clearly used in C11."
Demography.
In 1881, the population of the parish was 386; by 2011 it had decreased to 167. The highest population recorded was in the 1851 census with a total of 456 people.
Church of All Saints'.
A key feature of Frostenden is the round-tower church, which is now a Grade I listed building. The tower is one of the oldest in Suffolk and dates back to either the Norman or Saxon era. The church however dates back to the 13th century. Above the southern door to the church sits a distinctive and bright sundial, thought to be from the 18th century, reading "vigilate et orate" meaning "Watch and Pray" in Latin. The stained glass windows of the church are much newer, dating back to the early 20th century.
There are several memorials on the site of the church, for both World War I and the World War II. Unusually for the area, the parish lost more men during the Second World War, which is uncommon in rural areas.

</doc>
<doc id="6933280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933280" title="Amram Blau">
Amram Blau

Amram Blau (; 1894–1974) was a Haredi rabbi in Mandatory Palestine and Israel. He was one of the founders of the fiercely anti-Zionist Neturei Karta.
Biography.
Blau was born in Jerusalem into the city's Hungarian Jewish community. His father was originally from Pressburg and had immigrated to Palestine in 1869, while his mother was a native of Jerusalem, with roots in the city dating to the late 18th century. He grew up in the Mea Shearim neighborhood. Like his brother Rabbi Moshe Blau, who was a leader in the Agudat Israel movement, he was also active in the Aguda during the British Mandate era and was the editor of its newspaper, "Kol Israel" (Voice of Israel). But when the Aguda began to lean towards a modus vivendi with the Zionist leaders, Blau claimed that the Aguda had sold out to the Zionist movement and in 1937 a vote took place within the Edah HaChareidis in which the Neturei Karta party won by a landslide, with Agudah having to set up their own court, but later Rabbi Blau broke away from the Edah HaChareidis for various controversies which he claimed proved they were going in the direction of Agudah, and founded Neturei Karta with Rabbi Aharon Katzenellenboigen.
Blau had ten children with his first wife Hinda.
Ramasayim Tsofim.
Blau was the secretary of an organization called Ramasayim Tsofim, which sought to build a Haredi agricultural settlement on the road to the grave of the Biblical prophet Samuel. This settlement was to follow the Halacha. Every male member, including children, was to be required to attend minyan (quorum) in the synagogue for the morning and evening prayers, and a compulsory Torah lesson lasting at least thirty minutes would be held every day after these prayers. Children under the age of 18 would be prohibited from engaging in a trade, so that they could be raised as Torah students. However, although land was purchased, the project never actually commenced.
Anti-Zionism.
After the establishment of the State of Israel, Neturei Karta continued its staunch opposition to a Jewish state, in agreement with the Satmar Rebbe, Rabbi Joel Teitelbaum, author of the anti-Zionist "Vayoel Moshe" which advocated non-recognition of the State of Israel on theological grounds. Prior to the Six-Day War, Blau even went so far as to propose moving to Jordanian controlled East Jerusalem to avoid the secular temptations of modern Israel.
He was imprisoned many times for demonstrating against public violations of Shabbat, the conscription of religious women, the opening of a mixed-gender swimming pool, and other government policies. Most of his sentences were served at the Russian Compound, but he also did a five-month stint at Ramla prison. On two occasions he went out in public wearing sackcloth as a sign of protest.
Controversy regarding his second marriage.
Blau's first wife, Hinda (née Weber), died in 1963. Because of an injury she sustained from shrapnel during the siege of Jerusalem in 1948, the Halakha (Jewish law) did not allow him to marry a woman who had been born Jewish. In 1965, he married , a convert 26 years younger than he. Born Madeleine Lucette Ferraille (1920-2000) to a Catholic family in Calais, France, and educated at the Sorbonne, she had married her first husband Henri Baud in France on 5 September 1939. They had one child, Claude. They divorced on 31 July 1944. With the founding of Israel in 1948 she became interested in Zionism. She and Claude converted to Judaism in 1950 and went to Israel. She became interested in Judaism and then in Orthodox Judaism, and eventually embraced the anti-Zionist views of Satmar and adopted the way of life of the Neturei Karta group. She was involved in the Yossele Schumacher affair. Ruth met Amram Blau in Israel via a shidduch. The match was opposed by Blau's two adult sons and by the rabbinical court of the Edah HaChareidis, so the couple had to move to Bnei Brak, but a year later they returned to Mea Shearim.
Blau died in 1974. He was interred at Har HaMenuchot. Ruth Blau continued to act as an independent wing of Neturei Karta.

</doc>
<doc id="6933284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933284" title="Geomancer (Valiant)">
Geomancer (Valiant)



</doc>
<doc id="6933286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933286" title="Jornal Nacional">
Jornal Nacional

History.
 premiered on September 1, 1969, hosted by Hilton Gomes and Cid Moreira, the first Rio de Janeiro-produced newscast to be shown nationwide. Months later, the program featured the network's first female weekend presenter Márcia Mendes.
During the 1970s, preferred to emphasize international news and sports. The British documentary "Beyond Citizen Kane" suggests that this happened so that Globo wouldn't have to report the repression of the Brazilian military government, which would have provided a substantial part of the network's growth. Despite this, the program introduced some innovations (color broadcasts in 1970, via satellite reports in 1973, live reports in 1976 and videotape footage in 1977).
Through the 1980s, three episodes involving the program caused controversy. In 1982, coverage of the state elections of Rio de Janeiro was accused of participating in a plot to fraud the elections. According to former Rede Globo employee Roméro da Costa Machado, Leonel Brizola, a candidate of the opposition to the military regime, was a politician historically persecuted by Rede Globo owner Roberto Marinho. Two years later, the program was accused of omitting information about the "Diretas Já", a popular campaign for resuming the direct election for president, near the end of the dictatorship. Finally, in 1989, was accused of editing a presidential debate between runoff candidates Fernando Collor and Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva in order to favor Collor. This episode is also extensively debated on "Beyond Citizen Kane".
In the 1990s, the quality of Rede Globo's journalism increased dramatically. presented its viewers breaking stories such as police brutality at favelas, an interview with Paulo César Farias when he was on the run from the law, corruption cases on the social security, the kicking of the saint incident among several others.
In recent days, after the death of Marinho, Rede Globo's journalism again declined in quality. has preferred to broadcast stories produced on the Southeast, in spite of Globo having affiliates in every Brazilian state. During the Mensalão scandal and the 2006 general elections, was once again accused of airing anti-Lula biased news. It also lost a significant part of its viewership to Rede Record's "Jornal da Record", which copied its style and also features former anchors, Celso Freitas and Marcos Hummel (as a relief presenter for "Jornal da Record"). In November 2005, host William Bonner caused controversy after he compared the average viewer with Homer Simpson, the ignorant main character of the American animated series "The Simpsons".
As part of Rede Globo's 50th anniversary, was in 2015 given a brand new look and a brand new intro, however, the theme tune will remain unchanged. Between March 17 and April 27 that year, the newscast aired on chroma key.
On June 19, 2017, introduced a new set in the middle of a newsroom at Globo's Rio de Janeiro headquarters, which features a curved glass backdrop that can be used with laser projectors for background graphics, and augmented reality effects.
From August 31 through November 30, 2019, in honour of the program's 50th anniversary, Saturday editions of were broadcast with anchor pairings representing Rede Globo's affiliates. Just months afterward, as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, the network news division decided that Bonner become the alternate Saturday presenter, while overall presentation duties were assumed by reporters from the flagship station in Rio de Janeiro full time instead of São Paulo or Brasilla-based ones, with a four-person team appointed to alternate by twos the presentation of the Saturday edition, unless extraordinary news coverages on Saturdays (including sports events) warrant the presence of the weekday presenter team. Two more joined the Saturday pool for the 2021 season.
Hosts.
"Jornal Nacional"s first hosts were Hilton Gomes and Cid Moreira. In 1971, Sérgio Chapelin replaced Gomes and joined Moreira as the longest-running duo of program hosts. In 1983, Chapelin was replaced by Celso Freitas. Chapelin returned in 1989, hosting again with Moreira until 1996. In that year, William Bonner and Lillian Witte Fibe began serving as hosts. From 1998 and prior to December 5, 2011, Witte Fibe was replaced by Bonner's then-wife, Fátima Bernardes. Bonner and Bernardes recently tied with Chapelin and Moreira as the longest-running duo of "Jornal Nacional" hosts. From October 31, 2014, the former host of "Fantástico", Renata Vasconcellos replaced Patrícia Poeta (who also replaced Fátima) and joined Bonner as the current hosts of the program.
Criticism.
Some of the news aired by Jornal Nacional are criticized for not representing all points of view, manipulating news and being sensationalist.

</doc>
<doc id="6933287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933287" title="Heceta Head">
Heceta Head

Heceta Head ( ) is a headland that stands above the Pacific Ocean in Lane County, Oregon, United States. The Heceta Head Light is located on its south side. Heceta Head is named after a Basque explorer under Spanish commission, Bruno de Heceta, who explored the Pacific Northwest in the 1770s. The headland marks the end of a lower-lying stretch of the coastline to the south dominated by sand dunes; the coastline to the north is more varied. Devils Elbow is the bay south of the headland at the mouth of Cape Creek, and with the headland formed Devils Elbow State Park, which is now part of Heceta Head Lighthouse State Scenic Viewpoint.
Historic structures.
Heceta Head Light, the assistant lightkeepers’ house, and two bridges located near the headland are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Big Creek Bridge brings U.S. Route 101 across Big Creek, about north of the headland. Cape Creek Bridge carries U.S. 101 across Cape Creek, just south of the headland.
Heceta Head Light, a lighthouse, is up the headland. Built in 1894, the lighthouse shines a beam visible for out to sea, making it the strongest light on the Oregon Coast.
Geology.
Heceta Head is the ending point of an ancient lava flow from the Columbia River Basalt Group.

</doc>
<doc id="6933290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933290" title="Oskar Klein Medal">
Oskar Klein Medal



</doc>
<doc id="6933297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933297" title="Victor Carranza">
Victor Carranza



</doc>
<doc id="6933300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933300" title="Keonjhar District.">
Keonjhar District.



</doc>
<doc id="6933302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933302" title="Sound from ultrasound">
Sound from ultrasound

Sound from ultrasound is the name given here to the generation of audible sound from modulated ultrasound without using an active receiver. This happens when the modulated ultrasound passes through a nonlinear medium which acts, intentionally or unintentionally, as a demodulator.
Parametric array.
Since the early 1960s, researchers have been experimenting with creating directive low-frequency sound from nonlinear interaction of an aimed beam of ultrasound waves produced by a parametric array using heterodyning. Ultrasound has much shorter wavelengths than audible sound, so that it propagates in a much narrower beam than any normal loudspeaker system using audio frequencies. Most of the work was performed in liquids (for underwater sound use).
The first modern device for air acoustic use was created in 1998, and is now known by the trademark name "Audio Spotlight", a term first coined in 1983 by the Japanese researchers who abandoned the technology as infeasible in the mid-1980s.
A transducer can be made to project a narrow beam of modulated ultrasound that is powerful enough, at 100 to 110 dBSPL, to substantially change the speed of sound in the air that it passes through. The air within the beam behaves nonlinearly and extracts the modulation signal from the ultrasound, resulting in sound that can be heard only along the path of the beam, or that appears to radiate from any surface that the beam strikes. This technology allows a beam of sound to be projected over a long distance to be heard only in a small well-defined area; for a listener outside the beam the sound pressure decreases substantially. This effect cannot be achieved with conventional loudspeakers, because sound at audible frequencies cannot be focused into such a narrow beam.
There are some limitations with this approach. Anything that interrupts the beam will prevent the ultrasound from propagating, like interrupting a spotlight's beam. For this reason, most systems are mounted overhead, like lighting.
Applications.
Commercial advertising.
A sound signal can be aimed so that only a particular passer-by, or somebody very close, can hear it. In commercial applications, it can target sound to a single person without the peripheral sound and related noise of a loudspeaker.
Personal audio.
It can be used for personal audio, either to have sounds audible to only one person, or that which a group wants to listen to. The navigation instructions for example are only interesting for the driver in a car, not for the passengers. Another possibility are future applications for true stereo sound, where one ear does not hear what the other is hearing.
Train signaling device.
Directional audio train signaling may be accomplished through the use of an ultrasonic beam which will warn of the approach of a train while avoiding the nuisance of loud train signals on surrounding homes and businesses.
History.
This technology was originally developed by the US Navy and Soviet Navy for underwater sonar in the mid-1960s, and was briefly investigated by Japanese researchers in the early 1980s, but these efforts were abandoned due to extremely poor sound quality (high distortion) and substantial system cost. These problems went unsolved until a paper published by Dr. F. Joseph Pompei of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1998 fully described a working device that reduced audible distortion essentially to that of a traditional loudspeaker.
Products.
 there were known to be five devices which have been marketed that use ultrasound to create an audible beam of sound.
Audio Spotlight.
F. Joseph Pompei of MIT developed technology he calls the "Audio Spotlight", and made it commercially available in 2000 by his company Holosonics, which according to their website claims to have sold "thousands" of their "Audio Spotlight" systems. Disney was among the first major corporations to adopt it for use at the Epcot Center, and many other application examples are shown on the Holosonics website.
Audio Spotlight is a narrow beam of sound that can be controlled with similar precision to light from a spotlight. It uses a beam of ultrasound as a "virtual acoustic source", enabling control of sound distribution.
The ultrasound has wavelengths only a few millimeters long which are much smaller than the source, and therefore naturally travel in an extremely narrow beam.
The ultrasound, which contains frequencies far outside the range of human hearing, is completely inaudible. But as the ultrasonic beam travels through the air, the inherent properties of the air cause the ultrasound to change shape in a predictable way. This gives rise to frequency components in the audible band, which can be predicted and controlled.
HyperSonic Sound.
Elwood "Woody" Norris, founder and Chairman of American Technology Corporation (ATC), announced he had successfully created a device which achieved ultrasound transmission of sound in 1996. This device used piezoelectric transducers to send two ultrasonic waves of differing frequencies toward a point, giving the illusion that the audible sound from their interference pattern was originating at that point. ATC named and trademarked their device as "HyperSonic Sound" (HSS). In December 1997, HSS was one of the items in the Best of What's New issue of Popular Science. In December 2002, Popular Science named HyperSonic Sound the best invention of 2002. Norris received the 2005 Lemelson–MIT Prize for his invention of a "hypersonic sound". ATC (now named LRAD Corporation) spun off the technology to Parametric Sound Corporation in September 2010 to focus on their long-range acoustic device (LRAD) products, according to their quarterly reports, press releases, and executive statements.
Mitsubishi Electric Engineering Corporation.
Mitsubishi apparently offers a sound from ultrasound product named the "MSP-50E" and commercially available from Mitsubishi electrical engineering company.
AudioBeam.
German audio company Sennheiser Electronic once listed their "AudioBeam" product for about $4,500. There is no indication that the product has been used in any public applications. The product has since been discontinued.
Literature survey.
The first experimental systems were built over 30 years ago, although these first versions only played simple tones. It was not until much later (see above) that the systems were built for practical listening use.
Experimental ultrasonic nonlinear acoustics.
A chronological summary of the experimental approaches taken to examine Audio Spotlight systems in the past will be presented here. At the turn of the millennium working versions of an Audio Spotlight capable of reproducing speech and music could be bought from Holosonics, a company founded on Dr. Pompei's work in the MIT Media Lab.
Related topics were researched almost 40 years earlier in the context of underwater acoustics.
Both articles were supported by the U.S. Office of Naval Research, specifically for the use of the phenomenon for underwater sonar pulses. The goal of these systems was not high directivity "per se", but rather higher usable bandwidth of a typically band-limited transducer.
The 1970s saw some activity in experimental airborne systems, both in air and underwater. Again supported by the U.S. Office of Naval Research, the primary aim of the underwater experiments was to determine the range limitations of sonar pulse propagation due to nonlinear distortion. The airborne experiments were aimed at recording quantitative data about the directivity and propagation loss of both the ultrasonic carrier and demodulated waves, rather than developing the capability to reproduce an audio signal.
In 1983 the idea was again revisited experimentally but this time with the firm intent to analyze the use of the system in air to form a more complex base band signal in a highly directional manner. The signal processing used to achieve this was simple DSB-AM with no precompensation, and because of the lack of precompensation applied to the input signal, the THD (total harmonic distortion) levels of this system would have probably been satisfactory for speech reproduction, but prohibitive for the reproduction of music. An interesting feature of the experimental set up was the use of 547 ultrasonic transducers to produce a 40 kHz ultrasonic sound source of over 130db at 4 m, which would demand significant safety considerations. Even though this experiment clearly demonstrated the potential to reproduce audio signals using an ultrasonic system, it also showed that the system suffered from heavy distortion, especially when no precompensation was used.
Theoretical ultrasonic nonlinear acoustics.
The equations that govern nonlinear acoustics are quite complex and unfortunately they do not have general analytical solutions. They usually require the use of a computer simulation. However, as early as 1965, Berktay performed an analysis under some simplifying assumptions that allowed the demodulated SPL to be written in terms of the amplitude modulated ultrasonic carrier wave pressure Pc and various physical parameters. Note that the demodulation process is extremely lossy, with a minimum loss in the order of 60 dB from the ultrasonic SPL to the audible wave SPL. A precompensation scheme can be based from Berktay's expression, shown in Equation 1, by taking the square root of the base band signal envelope E and then integrating twice to invert the effect of the double partial-time derivative. The analogue electronic circuit equivalents of a square root function is simply an op-amp with feedback, and an equalizer is analogous to an integration function. However, these topic areas lie outside the scope of this project.
where
This equation says that the audible demodulated ultrasonic pressure wave (output signal) is proportional to the twice differentiated, squared version of the envelope function (input signal). Precompensation refers to the trick of anticipating these transforms and applying the inverse transforms on the input, hoping that the output is then closer to the untransformed input.
By the 1990s, it was well known that the Audio Spotlight could work but suffered from heavy distortion. It was also known that the precompensation schemes placed an added demand on the frequency response of the ultrasonic transducers. In effect the transducers needed to keep up with what the digital precompensation demanded of them, namely a broader frequency response. In 1998 the negative effects on THD of an insufficiently broad frequency response of the ultrasonic transducers was quantified with computer simulations by using a precompensation scheme based on Berktay's expression. In 1999 Pompei's article discussed how a new prototype transducer met the increased frequency response demands placed on the ultrasonic transducers by the precompensation scheme, which was once again based on Berktay's expression. In addition impressive reductions in the THD of the output when the precompensation scheme was employed were graphed against the case of using no precompensation.
In summary, the technology that originated with underwater sonar 40 years ago has been made practical for reproduction of audible sound in air by Pompei's paper and device, which, according to his AES paper (1998), demonstrated that distortion had been reduced to levels comparable to traditional loudspeaker systems.
Modulation scheme.
The nonlinear interaction mixes ultrasonic tones in air to produce sum and difference frequencies. A DSB (double-sideband) amplitude-modulation scheme with an appropriately large baseband DC offset, to produce the demodulating tone superimposed on the modulated audio spectrum, is one way to generate the signal that encodes the desired baseband audio spectrum. This technique suffers from extremely heavy distortion as not only the demodulating tone interferes, but also all other frequencies present interfere with one another. The modulated spectrum is convolved with itself, doubling its bandwidth by the length property of the convolution. The baseband distortion in the bandwidth of the original audio spectrum is inversely proportional to the magnitude of the DC offset (demodulation tone) superimposed on the signal. A larger tone results in less distortion.
Further distortion is introduced by the second order differentiation property of the demodulation process. The result is a multiplication of the desired signal by the function -ω² in frequency. This distortion may be equalized out with the use of preemphasis filtering (increase amplitude of high frequency signal).
By the time-convolution property of the Fourier transform, multiplication in the time domain is a convolution in the frequency domain. Convolution between a baseband signal and a unity gain pure carrier frequency shifts the baseband spectrum in frequency and halves its magnitude, though no energy is lost. One half-scale copy of the replica resides on each half of the frequency axis. This is consistent with Parseval's theorem.
The modulation depth "m" is a convenient experimental parameter when assessing the total harmonic distortion in the demodulated signal. It is inversely proportional to the magnitude of the DC offset. THD increases proportionally with "m"1².
These distorting effects may be better mitigated by using another modulation scheme that takes advantage of the differential squaring device nature of the nonlinear acoustic effect. Modulation of the second integral of the square root of the desired baseband audio signal, without adding a DC offset, results in convolution in frequency of the modulated square-root spectrum, half the bandwidth of the original signal, with itself due to the nonlinear channel effects. This convolution in frequency is a multiplication in time of the signal by itself, or a squaring. This again doubles the bandwidth of the spectrum, reproducing the second time integral of the input audio spectrum. The double integration corrects for the -ω² filtering characteristic associated with the nonlinear acoustic effect. This recovers the scaled original spectrum at baseband.
The harmonic distortion process has to do with the high frequency replicas associated with each squaring demodulation, for either modulation scheme. These iteratively demodulate and self-modulate, adding a spectrally smeared-out and time-exponentiated copy of the original signal to baseband and twice the original center frequency each time, with one iteration corresponding to one traversal of the space between the emitter and target. Only sound with parallel collinear phase velocity vectors interfere to produce this nonlinear effect. Even-numbered iterations will produce their modulation products, baseband and high frequency, as reflected emissions from the target. Odd-numbered iterations will produce their modulation products as reflected emissions off the emitter.
This effect still holds when the emitter and the reflector are not parallel, though due to diffraction effects the baseband products of each iteration will originate from a different location each time, with the originating location corresponding to the path of the reflected high frequency self-modulation products.
These harmonic copies are largely attenuated by the natural losses at those higher frequencies when propagating through air.
Attenuation of ultrasound in air.
The figure provided in provides an estimation of the attenuation that the ultrasound would suffer as it propagated through air. The figures from this graph correspond to completely linear propagation, and the exact effect of the nonlinear demodulation phenomena on the attenuation of the ultrasonic carrier waves in air was not considered. There is an interesting dependence on humidity. Nevertheless, a 50 kHz wave suffers an attenuation level in the order of 1 dB per meter at one atmosphere of pressure.
Safe use of high-intensity ultrasound.
For the nonlinear effect to occur, relatively high-intensity ultrasonics are required. The SPL involved was typically greater than 100 dB of ultrasound at a nominal distance of 1 m from the face of the ultrasonic transducer. Exposure to more intense ultrasound over 140 dB near the audible range (20–40 kHz) can lead to a syndrome involving manifestations of nausea, headache, tinnitus, pain, dizziness, and fatigue, but this is around 100 times the 100 dB level cited above, and is generally not a concern. Dr Joseph Pompei of Audio Spotlight has published data showing that their product generates ultrasonic sound pressure levels around 130 dB (at 60 kHz) measured at 3 meters.
The UK's independent Advisory Group on Non-ionising Radiation (AGNIR) produced a 180-page report on the health effects of human exposure to ultrasound and infrasound in 2010. The UK Health Protection Agency (HPA) published their report, which recommended an exposure limit for the general public to airborne ultrasound sound pressure levels (SPL) of 100 dB (at 25 kHz and above).
OSHA specifies a safe ceiling value of ultrasound as 145 dB SPL exposure at the frequency range used by commercial systems in air, as long as there is no possibility of contact with the transducer surface or coupling medium (i.e. submerged). This is several times the highest levels used by commercial Audio Spotlight systems, so there is a significant margin for safety. In a review of international acceptable exposure limits Howard et al. (2005) noted the general agreement among standards organizations, but expressed concern with the decision by United States of America's Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) to increase the exposure limit by an additional 30 dB under some conditions (equivalent to a factor of 1000 in intensity).
For frequencies of ultrasound from 25 to 50 kHz, a guideline of 110 dB had been recommended by Canada, Japan, the USSR, and the International Radiation Protection Agency, and 115 dB by Sweden in the late 1970s to early 1980s, but these were primarily based on subjective effects. The more recent OSHA guidelines above are based on ACGIH (American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists) research from 1987.
Lawton (2001) reviewed international guidelines for airborne ultrasound in a report published by the United Kingdom's Health and Safety Executive, this included a discussion of the guidelines issued by the American Conference of Governmental Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH), 1988. Lawton states "This reviewer believes that the ACGIH has pushed its acceptable exposure limits to the very edge of potentially injurious exposure". The ACGIH document also mentioned the possible need for hearing protection.

</doc>
<doc id="6933306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933306" title="Warren's shaft">
Warren's shaft



</doc>
<doc id="6933309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933309" title="The Eight Dimensions">
The Eight Dimensions

The Eight Dimensions () is the third studio album by Taiwanese singer Jay Chou. It was released on 18 July 2002, by BMG Taiwan and Alfa Music. Chou acted as the album's sole lyricist, as he had on all of his preceding albums, while the lyrical content was penned by several collaborators such as Vincent Fang and Will Liu. Musically, "The Eight Dimensions" is an R&amp;B and pop album that incorporates various genres such as rock, hip-hop, and soul.
"The Eight Dimensions" received generally favorable reviews from music critics, who directed most of the acclaim towards its sonic quality. The album was a massive commercial success and was Taiwan's best-selling album of 2002 with 335,000 copies sold, becoming Chou's second consecutive best-selling annual album after "Fantasy" (2001). It has since sold over 2.2 million copies across Asia. Chou promoted the album by embarking on The One World Tour, which ran from September 2002 to December 2004.
Background and development.
"The Eight Dimensions" is mainly composed of R&amp;B songs. The arrangement of the album tracks is similar to the previous album "Fantasy", with a few mainstream R&amp;B love songs and a few Chou-style narrative works with strange styles. In the album, Chou added some different elements, trying to change the appearance of the songs through some musical effects and various arrangements.
All the songs in the album were composed by Chou, and Vincent Fang, Hsu Shih-chang, Will Liu and Chou participated in the lyrics of the album songs. Chou incorporated a lot of fantasy elements in his composition and added a lot of unrestrained ideas.
Writing and composition.
"Half-beast Human" is primarily electronic, with a prominent violin strings playing over the rather fast paced beat. "Peninsula Ironbox" is an R&amp;B song with prominent usage of acoustic guitar incorporated into the music production. "Secret Code" is an R&amp;B song about the unspoken communication between two lovers. "Dragon Fist" incorporates traditional Chinese instruments (dizi, yangqin, and gu) infused with electric guitar background over a rock beat. "The Train's Destination" is sung in the Minnan dialect for the first time.
"Split" is a power ballad with lyrics reflecting Chou's experience of not being able to attend university due to his rather poor grades. "Grandpa's Tea" is a lively song about the joy of watching Grandpa brewing a traditional Chinese tea. "Back to the Past" is an R&amp;B love song that depicts the lonely feeling of mourning love in the dead of night. "Little Blacksmith in Milan" is rapped and sung over an Italian folk-style musical arrangement. "The Final Battle" is a song about the intense emotion in the battlefield.
Release.
On 26 June 2002, it was announced that Chou would be releasing a new album in the summer to compete with other prolific artists such as Andy Lau, David Tao, A-Mei, S.H.E and Vanness Wu. In early July 2002, it was announced that "The Eight Dimensions" would be released on 18 July. On 10 July 2002, the single "The Final Battle" premiered simultaneously on 20 radio stations across four continents to an audience of 500 million listeners around the world, reaching as far as London, Australia and New Zealand. On 11 July 2002, Chou attended a pre-order event for his new album in Taipei. Chou held a press conference for his new album on its release date; at the event the record company hilariously arranged for seven women in bellybands to appear as Jolin Tsai.
"The Eight Dimensions" was sold out on the first day of its release; fans complained that they could not buy the album and the record company said that the album's sales had reached platinum figures. On the first day of the release of the album, its sales accounted for more than 70% of the sales of Taipei record stores. On 18 August 2002, Chou held a press conference for the album in Beijing.
Title and artwork.
The inspiration for the album "The Eight Dimensions" comes from some movies and music videos that Chou usually watches. Therefore, the songs in the album are like movies, and the plots of each part are different. The literal Chinese name for the album is named "Octave Space" because Chou wanted to create his own music in the space of the Western octave scale and show the eighth art in the field of music. The album cover is a futuristic looking graphic, which includes a superimposed model of Chou's skull/head.
Singles and music videos.
In 2002, Chou served as the spokesperson for "" in Taiwan. He also produced and sang the Chinese theme song of "Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne", "Half-beast Human"; Chou said that he wrote this song after watching the game screen more than a month ago and understanding the entire story of the game. The song's music video, which was directed by Kuang Sheng, uses the beautiful scenes from the game as the background, with Chou interspersed in the background.
In early March 2002, Taiwan Chinese Culture Enterprise Co., Ltd. launched the book "Peninsula Ironbox." The book was written by Chou's lyric partner Vincent Fang, and Chou starred in the book. Although the book contains more than 200 pictures of Chou's life, many people still call it an alternative "photo album." Soon after, Chou wrote his own lyrics, using the box to fill with memories of his lover, and created the song "Peninsula Ironbox." The song's music video was directed by Kuang Sheng, which revolves around scenes of weird items/characters in the ironbox as Chou whizzes pass through each of them.
The music video for "Secret Code" was directed by Zhang Hengtai, and features Chou and his love interest being playful with one another as what couples usually do, and also scenes of Chou singing over a hanging microphone. The music video for "Dragon Fist" was directed by Richard Ouyang and revolves around martial arts. The music video for "The Train's Destination" was directed by Kuang Sheng and revolves around scenes of Chou singing in a train carriage, reminiscing the past.
The music video for "Split" was directed by Kuang Sheng, and contains scenes of Chou in two persona: one who is attending university whilst another who is a dropout. The music video for "Grandpa's Tea" was directed by Zhang Hengtai, and depicts an old man brewing tea gleefully, along with Chou rapping and singing against a traditional Chinese home background. The music video for "Back to the Past" was directed by Zhou Getai and depicts the intense infatuation of a girl towards the boy (Jay Chou), whilst Chou is singing in the school yard. Kuang Sheng directed the music video for "Little Blacksmith in Milan," which contains scenes of Chou roaming around the city of Milan, with Milan's unique architecture featured dominantly in the video. The music video for "The Final Battle" was directed by Kuang Sheng and was shot on a battlefield.
The tracks, "Secret Code," "Back to the Past," and "The Final Battle" are listed at number 1, number 5, and number 42 respectively on the 2002's Hit FM Top 100 Singles of the Year chart.
Critical reception.
MTVChinese.com awarded the album three out of five stars and stated that it didn't have many new ideas and was weaker than the previous two albums. An editor from Apple Music Taiwan commented: "In the 43-minute-long Octave Space, Jay Chou uses his exuberant creativity and imagination to continuously show such ambition, and in a seemingly limited musical space, he has opened up a fantasy world without dimensional restrictions." Tencent Music's Wave Review Panel ranked "The Eight Dimensions" 5th place in their list of the "200 Best Chinese Albums of 2001–2020", recognizing the record as maintaining the consistent standard of Jay Chou's albums.
Accolades.
In 2003, the album won the G-Music Billboard Platinum Music Award for Top Ten Gold Discs, the Chinese Pop Music Media Award for Top Ten Chinese Albums, and the Singapore Golden Melody Award for the Best-selling Male Singer Album of the Year. The album was nominated for five 14th Golden Melody Awards. The album also won for an IFPI Hong Kong Top Sales Music Award for Best Selling Mandarin Album of the Year.
"Peninsula Ironbox" won the 2002 MusicRadio China Top Chart "Hong Kong and Taiwan Top Ten Golden Songs" award and the 3rd Chinese Music Media Awards "Top Ten Chinese Songs of 2002." In 2003, the song "Back to the Past" won the Gold Award for Most Popular Mandarin Song at the 2002 Top Ten Golden Songs Awards, the HITO Pop Music HITO Longevity Song Award and the HITO Pop Music HITO Male Favorite Karaoke Award. On January 14, 2003, the song "Secret Code" won the Hito Pop Music Award for "Hito Chinese Song"; on March 28 of the same year, the song won the 3rd Music Billboard "Hong Kong and Taiwan Annual Top Ten Golden Songs" award.
Live performances.
On 11 August 2002, Chou performed the song "Dragon Fist" at the Hong Kong Fan Club. On 20 August 2002, Chou performed at the 2002 "For the Next Generation" Asian Outstanding Musicians Concert at Shanghai with singers such as Kelly Chen, Jordan Chan and Karen Mok. Chou performed "Peninsula Ironbox" at the 2002 MusicRadio China TOP Chart Awards Ceremony. On 18 October 2002, Chou performed "Dragon Fist" at the 11th Golden Rooster and Hundred Flowers Film Festival Opening Ceremony. In 2003, Chou performed "Back to the Past" at the 2002 Top Ten Songs Awards Ceremony. On 28 March 2003, Chou performed "Secret Code" at the 3rd Music Billboard Awards Ceremony. On 31 December 2003, Chou performed "Grandpa's Tea" at the 2004 Dongfeng Satellite TV New Year's Eve Concert. Li Fei and Chou performed the song "Dragon Fist" together at the Spring Festival Gala on 21 January 2004. On 20 August 2011, Chou performed "The Final Battle" at the Hong Kong Noisy Music Festival.
On 28 September 2002, Chou began to embark on his second concert tour entitled The One World Tour. The tour began at the Taipei Municipal Stadium in front of 35,000 fans. The tour ended at the Huanglong Sports Center on 3 December 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6933312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933312" title="Henry T. Weinstein">
Henry T. Weinstein

Henry T. Weinstein (July 12, 1924, Brooklyn, New York City, United States – September 17, 2000, Boca Raton, Florida, United States) was an American film producer.
Biography.
Born and raised in Brooklyn, Weinstein graduated from City College of New York and earned a master's degree in drama from Carnegie Institute of Technology. He began his theatre work as a director at playhouses in Falmouth and Norwich, and was the stage manager for "The Innocents" on Broadway.
Weinstein was the general manager of the Falmouth Playhouse on Cape Cod for two years, at which he premiered "A View from the Bridge" by Arthur Miller, before joining Philip Langner as co-manager in 1958 at the Westport Country Playhouse. Weinstein and Langner packaged shows for the summer stock theatre circuit.
When Langner left in 1959, Weinstein brought in Laurence Feldman, whom he had worked with on the Theatre Fund, as co-producer and partner. Weinstein operated the Westport Playhouse until 1961, and Feldman continued through 1963. Weinstein and Feldman formed the Laurence Henry Company for their producing and packaging company. They purchased the lease of the Paper Mill Playhouse (Millburn, New Jersey) in 1960, the Mineola Playhouse (Long Island, New York) in 1962, and the Brown Theatre (Louisville, Kentucky) in 1963.
Weinstein joined the Westport Playhouse again in the mid-1970s as artistic director, returning to movies and television after the 1978 season.
Weinstein was the producer for "Something's Got to Give" with Marilyn Monroe. From the beginning its production was disrupted by her personal troubles, and after her death on August 4, 1962, the film was abandoned.
He was the producer of "The Play of the Week" which won a Peabody Award. He was also the executive-in-charge-of-production for the American Film Theatre, producing "A Delicate Balance", among other films. Weinstein was executive producer for "American Playhouse" and the Oscar-nominated movie "Runaway Train". As a producer, he had a reputation for quality work. He retired in the mid-1990s.
Weinstein died in Boca Raton, Florida on September 17, 2000, after a lengthy illness.

</doc>
<doc id="6933314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933314" title="Hooker Island">
Hooker Island

Hooker Island (; "Ostrov Gukera") is one of the central islands of Franz Josef Land. It is located in the central area of the archipelago at . It is administered by the Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia.
History.
Hooker Island was discovered by the 1880 expedition to Franz Josef Land led by Benjamin Leigh Smith. It was named after British naturalist Sir Joseph Dalton Hooker who went with James Clark Ross' expedition on ships "Erebus" and "Terror" to Antarctica in 1839.
Remains of a plesiosaur (putatively likened to "Peloneustes philarchus") have been found in Hooker Island. Caribou antlers have been found as well, suggesting that herds reached here up to about 1,300 years ago during a period where the earth had a warmer climate.
Tikhaya Bay was the site of a major base for polar expeditions, and the location of a meteorological station from 1929 to 1963. There is another bay in the south of the island called Zaliv Makarova and another in the east known as Ledn. Eleniy.
The island was visited by the Graf Zeppelin airship in July 1931 during a landmark aerial survey. German staff were marooned here from 1941 to 1945 during World War II. A graveyard and two modern buildings exist.
Geography.
The highest point in Hooker Island is the summit of the western ice dome, "Kupol Dzhensona" (Купол Дженсона), at . There is another ice dome further north "Kupol Yuriya" (Купол Юрия), as well as a glacier with its terminus in the southern shore, the Obruchev Glacier. To the southwest, De Bruyne Sound separates the island from Northbrook Island. To the north, the Young Sound separates Hooker Island from the islands of Koetlitz, Nansen, Pritchet, and several others.
Hooker Island's northwestern cape, Mys Alberta Markgama, is named after Sir Albert Hastings Markham; the northeastern cape is called Mys Lyuis Pul. The westernmost cape is Mys Dandy and the southwestern one is Mys Ugol'nyy. The southernmost cape is called Mys Sesil Kharmswort.
On Hooker Island's western side there is a bay in an unglaciated area, Tikhaya Bay (Бухта Тихая, ). A large seabird colony exists near Tikhaya Bay at Skala Rubini (Скала Рубини, Rubini Rock, ), a spectacular rock formation of columnar basalt on Hooker Island's shore. This place is the home of many birds.
Adjacent islands.
Leigh-Smith Island.
"Ostrov Li-Smita" (Остров Ли-Смита), Leigh-Smith Island lies east of Hooker island, separated from it by a 6 km wide sound called Proliv Smitsona. It is 14 km long and has a maximum width of 6.5 km. The island's highest point is 309 m and its surface is wholly glacierized except for a small area at its northern point and another around Mys Bitterburga, its southernmost cape. This island is named after British yachtsman and explorer Benjamin Leigh Smith.
Royal Society Island.
West of Leigh-Smith Island's northern end, off Hooker island's northeastern shore, there is a smaller island known as Royal Society Island (Остров Королевского Общества), named after the Royal Geographical Society (). It is 6 km long and has a maximum width of 2.5 km.
Scott-Keltie Island.
"Ostrov Skott-Kyelti" (Остров Скотт-Келти), Scott-Keltie Island, highest point 64 m, is an island off Bukhta Tikhaya, in the northwest of Hooker Island. This island was named in honor of Sir John Scott Keltie (1840-1927), Scottish geographer.
Eaton Island.
"Ostrov Iton" (Остров Итон), Eaton Island, is a small, 3 km long island lying 10 km to the west of Scott-Keltie Island. Eaton Island was named after British scientist Rev. Alfred Edvin Eaton (1844-1929), who studied the Arctic flora and fauna and travelled to Svalbard and Kerguelen.
Newton Island.
"Ostrov Niutona" (Остров Ньютона), Newton Island, is a small island located 11 km due south off Hooker Island's southern shore. This island was named in honor of Alfred Newton.
May Island.
"Ostrov Mey" (Остров Мей), May Island, is a double small island lying 5 km off Hooker Island's southwestern shores. It was named after Royal Navy officer and watercolour artist Walter Waller May (1830-1896).
Etheridge Islands.
"Ostrova Eteridzh" (Острова Этеридж), the Etheridge Islands, are a group of two small islets located about 6 km west of May Island. These islands were named in honor of scientist Robert Etheridge who studied the Paleontology of the coasts of the Arctic lands visited by the British Arctic Expedition under Captain Sir George Nares.

</doc>
<doc id="6933318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933318" title="Gukera">
Gukera



</doc>
<doc id="6933321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933321" title="Ostrov Gukera">
Ostrov Gukera



</doc>
<doc id="6933337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933337" title="2006 Green Bay Packers season">
2006 Green Bay Packers season

The 2006 Green Bay Packers season was the franchise's 88th season overall and their 86th in the National Football League (NFL).
This season resulted in an 8–8 record. After the firing of Mike Sherman, the Packers hired Mike McCarthy as their head coach. 2006 would be McCarthy's first year as head coach. The Packers improved from 4–12 the previous year to a .500 win average in 2006. The Packers were effectively eliminated from playoff contention for the second straight year after the New York Giants gained the decisive tie-breaker over the Packers in the last week of the 2006 NFL season.
Offseason.
After some uncertainty, quarterback Brett Favre announced on April 26, 2006, that he would indeed return for the 2006 season. The Packers also acquired Oakland Raiders three-time Pro Bowl cornerback Charles Woodson through free agency later that day. He officially signed with the team on May 9.
The Packers drafted Ohio State linebacker A. J. Hawk with the fifth overall pick in the 2006 NFL draft on April 29, 2006. The Packers also traded star wide receiver (and potential holdout) Javon Walker to the Denver Broncos for a second round pick, which they then traded for multiple picks.
Undrafted free agents.
The Packers picked up notable undrafted free agent Tramon Williams during the 2006 offseason, who later became the starting corner for the Super Bowl Champion 2010 Green Bay Packers. He was also selected but did not participate in the 2010 Pro Bowl.
Free agents.
The Packers signed two notable free agents, CB Charles Woodson from the Oakland Raiders and DT Ryan Pickett from the St Louis Rams. Woodson would later be named the 2009 NFC Defensive Player of the Year and both players were integral parts of the 2010 Green Bay Packers Super Bowl Championship team.
Regular season.
Week 1: vs. Chicago Bears.
Game summary.
The Packers opened the regular season on September 10 with a 26–0 loss to the Chicago Bears, the Packers' first scoreless game since October 17, 1991.
With the loss, the Packers began their season 0–1.
Scoring summary.
The day after the game the Packers acquired wide receiver Koren Robinson, who was released by the Minnesota Vikings after his second DUI in two years.
Week 2: vs. New Orleans Saints.
Game summary.
The Packers hosted the New Orleans Saints on September 17, losing 34–27. The Packers jumped out to a 13–0 lead after forcing 3 Saints turnovers, but were not able to hold the lead in the second half. With the loss, the Packers fell to 0–2.
Week 3 at Lions.
The Packers posted their first win for the season while playing the Detroit Lions in Detroit, 31–24. Brett Favre completed his 400th career touchdown pass on a 75-yard play to rookie Greg Jennings, becoming only the second person (in addition to Dan Marino) to reach 400. With the win the Packers improved to 1–2 while the Lions fell to 0–3. Favre was named NFC Offensive Player of the Week.
Week 4: at Philadelphia Eagles.
Game summary.
The Packers went to Philadelphia to play the Eagles on Monday Night Football. The Packers started running back Vernand Morency as Ahman Green was inactive due to injury. The Packers held the lead at half time, but the Eagles scored 24 unanswered points in the second half to earn the victory. As a result of Ahmad Carroll's performance in week 4, as well as previous weeks, the Packers released him from the team. With the loss, the Packers fell to 1–3.
Week 5: vs. St. Louis Rams.
Game summary.
Noah Herron rushed for a career best 106 yards against the St. Louis Rams, but quarterback Marc Bulger of the Rams threw for two touchdowns to help his team to victory. The Packers had a chance to tie the score with a field goal or take the lead with a touchdown in their final possession, but were unable to do so as quarterback Brett Favre was sacked and fumbled at the St. Louis 18 yard line. The Rams were able to recover the ball.
With the loss, the Packers went into their bye week at 1–4.
Week 7: at Miami Dolphins.
Game summary.
Coming off their bye week, Green Bay defeated the Miami Dolphins on the road as the Packers defense intercepted quarterback Joey Harrington three times, with Charles Woodson returning one for a touchdown. Ahman Green carried the ball 18 times for 118 yards, including a 70-yard touchdown run. Brett Favre completed 19 of 35 passes, recording 206 yards and 2 touchdown passes. This was the first victory for the Packers in Miami since winning Super Bowl II in 1968 as the team improved to 2–4.
Week 8: vs. Arizona Cardinals.
Game summary.
The Green Bay Packers won over the visiting Arizona Cardinals at home as running backs Ahman Green and Vernand Morency each rushed for over 100 yards, becoming the first Packers running back duo to accomplish that feat since the 1980s. Brett Favre threw for 180 yards and one touchdown, as well as one rushing touchdown which he celebrated with his first and only Lambeau Leap. Leading Green Bay's receiving corps was Donald Driver, who had five receptions for 58 Yards. Coming up behind him was David Martin, who had four receptions for 48 Yards and one touchdown. On defense, the Packers limited Cardinals rookie quarterback Matt Leinart to 14/35 for 157 yards with one touchdown and one interception. They also held Cardinals running back Edgerrin James to 84 rushing yards on 24 carries, along with three receptions for 25 receiving yards. Aaron Kampman was named NFC Defensive Player of the Week for his performance.
With the win, the Packers improved to 3–4.
Week 9: at Buffalo Bills.
Game summary.
The Green Bay Packers traveled on the road to face the Buffalo Bills. The Bills were able to lead the Packers at half time with a 10–0 lead, capitalizing on an interception return for a touchdown by London Fletcher. In the second half, the Packers tied the score with a touchdown pass to Donald Driver. The Bills were able to score in the fourth quarter with 43 yard touchdown pass to receiver Lee Evans. The Packers drove the ball deep to the one-yard line, but on first down the ball is intercepted and returned deep in Packer territory. The Bills were able to score three plays later to increase the lead by 14 and earn a victory.
With the loss, the Packers fell to 3–5.
Week 10: at Minnesota Vikings.
Game summary.
In week 10, Green Bay traveled to the Metrodome to face the Minnesota Vikings. The winner of the game would take second place in the NFC North. The Packers were able to score early in the first quarter with a field goal by Dave Rayner. Shortly after, Packer linebacker Brady Poppinga sacked Vikings quarterback Brad Johnson causing him to fumble; the Packers recovered the ball. The fumble set up a Brett Favre touchdown pass to Noah Herron. The Vikings were able to take the lead with two touchdowns, one a 40-yard touchdown pass to Billy McMullen. With under two minutes remaining in the half, the Packers regained the lead when Brett Favre threw an 82-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Donald Driver. The Packers would hold the lead for the rest of the game.
With the win, the Packers improved to 4–5.
Brett Favre finished the game with 347 yards, two touchdowns, and no interceptions. Receiver Donald Driver had six catches for 191 yards. Vikings quarterback Brad Johnson threw for 257 yards, one touchdown, and one interception. Packer kicker Dave Rayner made three field goals in three attempts. A. J. Hawk was named NFL Rookie of the Week for his performance. He recorded 13 tackles, one forced fumble, and 1.5 sacks.
Week 11: vs. New England Patriots.
Game summary.
After a two-game road stretch, the Packers came back to Lambeau Field to face the New England Patriots. The Patriots handed Green Bay their second shutout of the season. Patriots quarterback Tom Brady threw for 244 yards and 4 touchdowns. In the second quarter, Green Bay quarterback Brett Favre was injured on a sack. He left the game and did not return. Backup quarterback Aaron Rodgers replaced Favre and completed only four out of twelve passes for 32 yards with one fumble. Rodgers suffered a broken foot in the loss and was placed on injured reserve, thus ending his season. The Packers only recorded 120 total yards of offense and five total first downs. On the other side, the Patriots recorded 360 yards of total offense with 22 first downs.
With the loss, the Packers' record dropped to 4–6. The loss marked the first time the Packers were shut out at Lambeau Field twice in a season.
Week 12: at Seattle Seahawks.
Game summary.
In week 12, the Packers traveled to Qwest Field to play the Seattle Seahawks. It was the Packers' second Monday Night Football game of the season. Green Bay held the lead at the end of the first half, with a touchdown run from Ahman Green and a fumble return for a touchdown by Abdul Hodge, who recorded his first NFL start. Seattle kicker, Josh Brown kicked four field goals in the first half. In the second half, the Packers were able to increase the lead to nine points as quarterback Brett Favre threw a 48-yard touchdown pass to Donald Driver. Seattle would decrease the Packers lead to two points when quarterback Matt Hasselbeck threw a 23-yard touchdown pass to receiver D.J. Hackett. The Seahawks would take the lead in the fourth quarter with another touchdown pass from Matt Hasselbeck. Packers kicker Dave Rayner kicked a 34-yard field goal to decrease the Seahawks lead to three points, but on the next possession, Hasselbeck completed his third touchdown pass to Jerramy Stevens. The Packers were unable to score in the closing minutes of the game as Brett Favre is intercepted twice.
Seattle Seahawks running back, Shaun Alexander rushed 40 times for 201 yards, averaging about five yards per carry. Matt Hasselbeck completed 17 of 36 passes for 157 yards and three touchdowns. He was also intercepted three times, two of them by cornerback Charles Woodson. Brett Favre completed 22 passes in 36 attempts for 266 yards. He recorded a touchdown and three interceptions.
With the loss, the Packers fell to 4–7.
Week 13: vs. New York Jets.
Game summary.
The Packers traveled back home for a Week 13 inter-conference fight with the New York Jets. In the first quarter, Green Bay trailed early as Jets kicker Mike Nugent kicked a 24-yard field goal, while quarterback Chad Pennington completed a 12-yard touchdown pass to receiver Jerricho Cotchery. In the second quarter, the Jets were able to increase their lead even further with Jets running back Cedric Houston scoring from a 3-yard and a 1-yard TD run, while Pennington completed a 1-yard touchdown pass to tight end Chris Baker. In the third quarter, the Packers scored their first points of the game when Dave Rayner kicked a 34-yard field goal. Later in the third quarter Brett Favre completed a 20-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Donald Driver. However, in the fourth quarter, the Jets wrapped up the game with running back Leon Washington's 20-yard touchdown run. With their third-straight loss, Green Bay fell to 4–8.
Week 14: at San Francisco 49ers.
Game summary.
With three straight losses, the Packers traveled to Monster Park to play the San Francisco 49ers. The 49ers were the first team to score, with a field goal from kicker Joe Nedney. The Packers answered on their next possession as QB Brett Favre completed a 36-yard touchdown pass to rookie receiver Ruvell Martin, his first career touchdown. At the start of the second quarter, Packers kicker Dave Rayner increased the Packers lead to ten points with a 23-yard field goal. The Packers drove the football eighty yards on their next possession. The drive ended in a one-yard touchdown run by RB Ahman Green. Joe Nedney kicked a 36-yard field goal at the end of the first half. On the first drive of the second half, the 49ers completed a 79-yard drive with a one-yard touchdown run by running back Frank Gore. Later in the third quarter, Brett Favre completed a 68-yard touchdown pass to WR Donald Driver. In the fourth quarter, Dave Rayner kicked two field goals for the Packers. The 49ers scored their second touchdown of the day on a 52-yard touchdown pass to tight end Vernon Davis from quarterback Alex Smith.
Brett Favre completed 22 of 34 passes with 293 yards and two touchdowns. Nine of Favre's completions came to receiver Donald Driver, who recorded 160 yards receiving and one touchdown. 49ers quarterback Alex Smith completed 12 of 29 passes with 201 and one touchdown. He also threw two interceptions, one to safety Nick Collins and the other to rookie linebacker A. J. Hawk, his first career interception. 49ers running back Frank Gore recorded 130 yards rushing with one touchdown and 38 yards receiving. The win snapped the Packers three-game losing streak, moving them to 5–8. This win exceeded the Packers win total from last year when they recorded four wins.
Week 15: vs. Detroit Lions.
Game summary.
The Packers traveled back home to Lambeau Field to play the Detroit Lions. At the end of the first quarter, the game was tied after field goals by Dave Rayner and Jason Hanson. In the second quarter, the Packers took the lead with a fourteen-yard run by running back Vernand Morency. Before half time Brett Favre completed a 21-yard pass to Carlyle Holiday. This was Favre's 4,968th career completion, setting an NFL record previously held by Dan Marino. In the third quarter the Lions kicked their second field goal. In the fourth quarter, Brett Favre threw his third interception out of the Packers end zone which put the Lions at the twelve-yard line. The Lions were unable to score a touchdown and completed a field goal which put the Lions within one point of the Packers. On the next possession the Packers increased their lead to eight points when Vernand Morency ran 21 yards for his second touchdown of the day. On the Lions last possession of the game, the Packers sacked quarterback Jon Kitna twice to end the game.
Brett Favre, who set an NFL record for career completions finished the day with twenty completions out of 37 passes. He recorded 174 yards and three interceptions, two of which were in the red zone. The Packers defense limited the Lions to 142 yards, no touchdowns, and two of twelve completed third downs. The Lions leading rusher was quarterback Jon Kitna. The Packers sacked Kitna six times, a career-high of three from defensive tackle Cullen Jenkins, and two sacks from Aaron Kampman. Charles Woodson had a career-high sixth interception of the season.
With their 3rd-straight win over the Lions, the Packers improved to 6–8.
Week 16 vs. Minnesota Vikings.
Game summary.
The Packers played at Lambeau Field for the second time in five days, a Thursday night game versus their divisional rivals, the Minnesota Vikings. The game was played on the third anniversary of the passing of Irv Favre, Brett Favre's father. In the first quarter, the Packers entered the red zone on each of their drives, but only scored once on a 38-yard field goal from kicker Dave Rayner. Rayner would miss his next two field goals. The Packers defence forced the Vikings to punt on all their possessions in the first half. The Packers scored on the final play of the half with a 44-yard field goal from Dave Rayner. In the third quarter cornerback Charles Woodson intercepted Vikings quarterback Tarvaris Jackson, marking his seventh interception of the season extending a career-high. Later in the third quarter, Brett Favre was intercepted by cornerback Fred Smoot. Smoot returned the interception into the end zone, gaining the first lead of the game for the Vikings. In the fourth quarter the Packers drove the ball into Vikings territory, but tight end Bubba Franks fumbled the ball at the two-yard line, turning possession over to the Vikings. The Packers drove the ball 41 yards on their next possession to set Dave Rayner in position to attempt a field goal. Rayner made a 44-yard field goal with 1:34 left in the game to give the packers a 9–7 lead. The Vikings were unable to score on their last possession which granted the Packers their seventh win of the season.
Despite scoring only nine points, the Packers recorded 19 first downs and 319 total yards. Brett Favre completed 26 of 50 passes, gaining 285 yards. Favre also recorded two interceptions. Defensively, the Packers limited the Vikings to three total first downs and a 2–14 first down rate. The Vikings punted ten times in the game. Packers defensive end, Aaron Kampman had three sacks in the game.
The game marked only the third time in NFL history when the losing team scored the only touchdown off a defensive turnover, the first coming from another 9–7 result at Lambeau Field between the Packers and Vikings with the Vikings beating the Packers in that contest.
Week 17 at Chicago Bears.
Game summary.
On New Year's Eve, the Packers traveled to Chicago to face the Bears at Soldier Field. The Bears had already clinched the #1 seed, however with the new NFL flexible-scheduling in effect the game was moved to the Sunday night because of possible playoff implications and the possibility of it being Brett Favre's last game.
However, the Packers were all but eliminated from the playoffs when the New York Giants effectively clinched the decisive tie-breaker (strength of victory) with a win on December 30. Technically, New York's victory on Saturday did not mathematically eliminate Green Bay, however it meant the Packers needed the results of "eight" other Sunday games besides their own to go their way (moreover, with the underdogs in each of those games winning) to still be able to qualify with a win. This did not happen, and so the Packers were conclusively eliminated before taking the field Sunday evening.
On the first drive of the game, the Packers drove the ball 75 yards, resulting in a 9-yard touchdown pass from Brett Favre to receiver Donald Driver. Later in the first quarter, Packers free safety Nick Collins intercepted quarterback Rex Grossman, returning the ball 55 yards for a touchdown. In the second quarter Rex Grossman threw his third interception of the game. Patrick Dendy returned the interception 33 yards for a touchdown. The Packers finished the half winning 23–0, with their defense forcing four turnovers.
Starting the second half, Brian Griese replaced Rex Grossman at quarterback. The Bears scored their first and only points of the game with a 75-yard touchdown pass to receiver Mark Bradley from Brian Griese in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, the Packers increased their lead with a 46-yard field goal by Dave Rayner. The Bears had the ball only once in the fourth quarter. The drive ended in an interception by Nick Collins, recording his second of the game. Late in the game, Favre was replaced by quarterback Ingle Martin. Favre was carried off the field by Donald Driver, receiving many hugs by players and coaches. In an interview after the game, Favre broke down in tears. It was still at the time unclear whether Favre will retire or return to the Packers, but Favre announced in February that he would return to play with the Packers.
The Packers offense recorded 373 yards of offense. Brett Favre completed 21 of 42 passes with one touchdown and one interception. On defense, the Packers forced six turnovers. Five of the turnovers were interceptions. The Bears starting quarterback Rex Grossman recorded only a 0.0 quarterback rating in one half of play. With the win, the Packers moved to 8–8, improving on their record of 4–12 from the previous year.
Awards and records.
Hall of Famers.
In 2006 Packer great Reggie White was inducted to the Pro Football Hall of Fame and was the lone inductee to the Green Bay Packers Hall of Fame

</doc>
<doc id="6933339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933339" title="Marco Rossi (Metal Slug)">
Marco Rossi (Metal Slug)



</doc>
<doc id="6933346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933346" title="Einstein-Cartan theory">
Einstein-Cartan theory



</doc>
<doc id="6933352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933352" title="The Ox King">
The Ox King



</doc>
<doc id="6933353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933353" title="Wu Guangyu">
Wu Guangyu



</doc>
<doc id="6933363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933363" title="Woldeab Woldemariam">
Woldeab Woldemariam

Woldeab Woldemariam (ወልደአብ ወልደማርያም), also spelled Weldeab Weldemariam, (April 27, 1905 – May 15, 1995) was an Eritrean revolutionary and political figure of Tigrayan origin who was one of the original proponents of the Eritrean Independence movement and an uncompromising advocate of freedom considered by many Eritreans as fathers of Eritrea nationalism. He worked closely with Ibrahim Sultan Ali after the Federation with Ethiopia to secure Eritrean Independence.
Woldemariam (also known by his nickname as WelWel) was a teacher, journalist, radical revolutionary, a great debater and an uncompromising advocate of freedom. His commitment to individual freedom, democracy and justice was as unshakable as his commitment to the unity of Eritrea and the dignity of its people. The clarity of his thinking, which was expressed in his newspaper articles of the 19 xx1943, is now available to a new generation, compiled in a book (Mirutsat Anqetsat Ato Woldeab, 1944–1991). The book was edited by Tikabo Aresi'e and published in 1995.
He was a devout Christian of the Protestant congregation. He was born in the Eritrean village of Adi Zarna.
Teaching.
In 1931 he was assigned by his then employer, the Swedish Evangelical Mission (SEM) school, to teach in a village called Suzana. This was his first exposure to the Kunama people. He was a teacher in this school through 1935 until he was moved to Asmara.
In Asmara he was promoted to direct the entire SEM school system, which he continued to do until 1942. During this time he popularized the use of Tigrinya and published two textbooks which would remain standard texts for over twenty years.
Political career.
In 1942 he left the SEM and at the behest of the British Military Administration, became an editor for the Tigrinya language newspaper. After a trip to Addis Ababa, he became a chief opponent of unification with Ethiopia. Chief among his fears of uniting Eritrea with Ethiopia beside his love of his Eritrean people and country was the corruption and poverty that he saw when he visited Addis Ababa. In 1946 he brought together Christian and Muslim nationalists to advocate for the independence of Eritrea from Ethiopia.
Between 1947 and 1953 he was subjected to seven assassination attempts. After the federation with Ethiopia by the United Nations he continued to advocate Eritrean independence by creating mass organizations, particularly with the help of labor organizations.
In 1953 another attempt was made on his life, suffering injuries which left him hospitalized for five months. While in the hospital he was elected to the National Assembly, however, his election was annulled by Tedla Bairu. After the annulment of the election he was forced to seek asylum in Egypt.
Struggle for Independence.
During the Eritrean War of Independence, he was not able to exert authority over political or military forces in Eritrea. It was not until 1987 and the Unity Congress of the Eritrean People's Liberation Front that he reentered Eritrea. He was finally reunited with his family in Asmara at the close of the Eritrean war of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="6933365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933365" title="Swadesh Deepak">
Swadesh Deepak

Swadesh Deepak (born 1943) is an Indian playwright, novelist and short-story writer. Deepak has been active on the Hindi literary scene since the mid-1960s and is best known for "Court Martial," a 1991 play. Deepak's most recent book is "Maine Mandu Nahin Dekha," a volume of memoirs. 
Awards and honours.
Deepak won the "Sangeet Natak Akademi Award" in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6933369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933369" title="Program Development Cycle">
Program Development Cycle



</doc>
<doc id="6933374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933374" title="Audio-Branding">
Audio-Branding



</doc>
<doc id="6933376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933376" title="Robert White (surgeon)">
Robert White (surgeon)



</doc>
<doc id="6933385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933385" title="SS Oceanic">
SS Oceanic



</doc>
<doc id="6933386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933386" title="Teec Nos Pos">
Teec Nos Pos



</doc>
<doc id="6933389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933389" title="Jackson Island">
Jackson Island

Jackson Island (, "Ostrov Dzheksona") is an island located in Franz Josef Land, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russian Federation. This island is part of the Zichy Land subgroup of the central part of the archipelago.
Geography.
Jackson Island's east–west extension is about , and the maximum distance from north to south is .
On the northwest shore of the island is De Long Bay. Named after ill-fated American Arctic explorer George W. De Long, this bay separates the island into two almost even peninsulas. From the south, this bay is bounded by Cape Bystrova, named in 1963 in honor of outstanding Russian paleontologist A.P. Bystrow.
Jackson Island is named in honor of English polar voyager Frederick Jackson. He explored and named several islands, among other geographical features, in Franz Josef Land. The Jackson-Harmsworth Arctic Expedition (1894–1897) was sponsored by the Royal Geographical Society.
History.
Cape Norway () on the western part of the island was where Fridtjof Nansen and Hjalmar Johansen wintered in 1895-96 after failing to reach the North Pole. A hut and a wooden post still remain.

</doc>
<doc id="6933392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933392" title="InterAction Council of Former Heads of State and Government">
InterAction Council of Former Heads of State and Government

The InterAction Council is an independent non-profit organization that brings together former world leaders to mobilize their energy, experience and international contacts in an effort to develop recommendations and foster co-operation and positive action around the world.
Founded in 1983, this body meets on annually and is composed of 40 former world leaders. The organization and its members jointly develop recommendations on, and practical solutions for, the political, economic and social problems confronting humanity. These efforts are focused on three main priority areas: peace and security, world economic revitalization and universal ethical standards.
One of its most well-known initiatives was the development of a draft Universal Declaration of Human Responsibilities, which was an attempt to propose a set of responsibilities that were shared by all individuals to counterbalance the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights. This new "global ethic" would provide a foundation of freedom, justice and peace in order for universal rights to be meaningful. These agreed values and standards complement universal rights, as the maximization of personal freedom at the expense of others, without consideration of others, is as problematic as having no rights at all.
The current Secretary General is Tom Axworthy (2011-present).
Books.
The InterAction Council released its first book in 2008 through the McGill-Queen's University Press in Canada, entitled "Bridging the Divide: Religious Dialogue and Universal Ethics".
A second book, produced with the Walter and Duncan Gordon Foundation of Canada and the United Nations University Institute for Water, Environment and Health, was released in the fall of 2012, entitled: "The Global Water Crisis: Addressing an Urgent Security Issue".
In 2014, the InterAction Council again partnered with the United Nations University Institute for Water, Environment and Health on the release of Global Agenda 2013: Water, Energy, and the Arab Awakening. Also in 2014, the Council published a book from its Interfaith Dialogue in Vienna, Austria in March of that year, entitled, "Ethics in Decision-Making".

</doc>
<doc id="6933395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933395" title="AHEPA Hospital">
AHEPA Hospital



</doc>
<doc id="6933401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933401" title="1987 NASCAR Winston Cup Series">
1987 NASCAR Winston Cup Series

The 1987 NASCAR Winston Cup Series was the 39th season of professional stock car racing in the United States and the 16th modern-era cup series.
The season began on February 8 and ended on November 22. Dale Earnhardt of Richard Childress Racing won the championship for the third time.
Team changes.
After three championships together in 1981, 1982, and 1985, Darrell Waltrip decided to move from the No. 11 Junior Johnson Chevrolet to the new No. 17 Chevrolet, a third full-time Hendrick Motorsports team.
A famous quote stemmed from this move, which crew chief Jeff Hammond describes in his book "Real Men Work In the Pits" went like this:
"I finally got me a thoroughbred." – Darrell Waltrip, referring to his new ride.
"I don't know about any thoroughbred. I do know we had a jackass around here who recently left." – Junior Johnson
The rest of "silly season" looked like this among full-time teams: Terry Labonte left the No. 44 Piedmont Oldsmobile owned by Billy Hagan to replace Waltrip in the No. 11. Johnson decided to disband the No. 12 Budweiser team and let go driver Neil Bonnett, who moved to the No. 75 Pontiac. Morgan Shepherd vacated the No. 75 in favor of the No. 26 Buick owned by Kenny Bernstein, driven by Joe Ruttman in 1986. Phil Parsons would replace older brother Benny in the No. 55 Oldsmobile owned by Leo and Richard Jackson. Lake Speed started out 1986 in the No. 75 RahMoc ride but was let go early in the season. Speed would form his own team for 1987 in the No. 83 Oldsmobile.
A few car number changes took place as well. Kyle Petty would continue to drive the Wood Brothers Ford, switching from No. 7 to No. 21. Alan Kulwicki took the No. 7 for his independent team. Cale Yarborough exited the No. 28 Ford team and drove his self-owned No. 29 Oldsmobile. Davey Allison would compete for Rookie Of The Year in the Harry Ranier No. 28 Ford.. Michael Waltrip would continue driving for Chuck Rider but switched from the No. 23 Chevrolet to the No. 30 Chevrolet.
Drivers remaining with the same teams from 1986 would be: No. 3 Dale Earnhardt (owner: Richard Childress), No. 4 Rick Wilson (Larry McClure) No. 5 Geoff Bodine (Rick Hendrick), No. 8 Bobby Hillin Jr. (Stavola Brothers), No. 9 Bill Elliott ( Harry Melling), No. 15 Ricky Rudd (Bud Moore), No. 18 Tommy Ellis (Eric Freelander), No. 22 Bobby Allison (Stavola Brothers), No. 27 Rusty Wallace (Raymond Beadle), No. 33 Harry Gant (Hal Needham), No. 43 Richard Petty ( Petty Enterprises), No. 52 Jimmy Means, No. 70 J. D. McDuffie (Tom Winkle), No. 71 Dave Marcis, No. 88 Buddy Baker (Baker/Danny Schiff), No. 90 Ken Schrader (Junie Donlavey) and the part-time/independent efforts of No. 14 A. J. Foyt, No. 67 Buddy Arrington, No. 77 Ken Ragan (Marvin Ragan), No. 81 Chet Fillip (Corey Fillip) and No. 89 Jim Sauter (Mueller Brothers).
Top drivers out of a ride included Benny Parsons and Joe Ruttman.
Those who officially threw their hat in the ring for NASCAR Rookie of the Year in 1987 would be: Davey Allison, Steve Christman (No. 62 AC Delco, Tom Winkle), Rodney Combs (No. 10 DiGard) and Derrike Cope (No. 19 Stoke Racing).
Ron Bouchard, Trevor Boys, Eddie Bierschwale and a host of others would battle for the remaining open spots.
Season summary.
Busch Clash.
The Busch Clash, an annual invitational event for all Busch Pole winners the previous season, was held February 8 at Daytona International Speedway. Bill Elliott drew for the pole. Alan Kulwicki was the wild card.
Results
7-Eleven Twin 125's.
The 7-Eleven Twin 125's, a pair of qualifying races for the Daytona 500, were held February 12 at Daytona International Speedway. Bill Elliott and Davey Allison won the poles for both races, respectively, as a result of their speeds in qualifying on February 9.
Race One: Top Ten Results
Notes:
Race Two: Top Ten Results
Round 1: Daytona 500.
Top Ten Results.
Failed to qualify: 18-Tommy Ellis, 24-Grant Adcox, 32-Jonathan Lee Edwards, 39-Blackie Wangerin, 41-Ronnie Thomas, 48-Steve Moore, 49-Delma Cowart, 51-David Simko, 54-Donnie Allison, 62-Steve Christman, 74-Bobby Wawak, 89-Jim Sauter, 93-Charlie Baker, 98-Ed Pimm, 00-Dick McCabe, 02-Joe Booher, 09-Jeff Swindell, 63-Jocko Maggiacomo (did not start qualifying race).
Round 2: Goodwrench 500.
The Goodwrench 500 was held March 1 at North Carolina Motor Speedway. Davey Allison won his first career pole. Dale Earnhardt led 319 out of 492 laps en route to his first victory of the season.
Top Ten Results
Round 3: Miller High Life 400.
The Miller High Life 400 was held March 8 at Richmond Fairgrounds Raceway. Alan Kulwicki won his first career pole.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Ron Sheppard (#34), Tony Spanos (#48), Lake Speed (#83), Bob Hollar (#02)
Round 4: Motorcraft Quality Parts 500.
The Motorcraft Quality Parts 500 was held March 15 at Atlanta International Raceway. Dale Earnhardt won the pole and led 196 laps, but a mechanical problem would leave him out of contention. A restart with eight laps remaining left a four car battle for the victory. Ricky Rudd managed to pull away from Benny Parsons to take his first victory of the season, and seventh of his career.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Jerry Holden (#68), Bobby Wawak (#74)
Round 5: TranSouth 500.
The TranSouth 500 was held March 29 at Darlington Raceway. Ken Schrader won the pole. Bill Elliott was leading at the white flag but ran out of gas in Turn 3. This allowed Dale Earnhardt to overtake Elliott and cruise to victory. At one point in the race, Benny Parsons, having hit the wall early, attempted to make a pit stop only for crew chief Harry Hyde to tell him that the crew was in the middle of a break for ice cream, inspiring a scene in the film "Days of Thunder", where fictional driver Cole Trickle, played by Tom Cruise, is denied a pit stop due to his team eating ice cream.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Mike Potter (#81), Mark Stahl (#82)
Round 6: First Union 400.
The First Union 400 was held April 5 at North Wilkesboro Speedway. Bill Elliott won the pole. Dale Earnhardt won the race in dominating fashion, leading 319 out of 500 laps to claim his second straight victory and fourth of the season. Terry Labonte was injured the previous week at Darlington, and was relieved by Brett Bodine at an early pit stop. This was the final race for DiGard Motorsports, as team's assets were sold to Whitcomb Racing before the 1988 season.
Top Ten Results
Round 7: Valleydale Meats 500.
The Valleydale Meats 500 was held April 12 at Bristol International Raceway. Harry Gant won the pole. After leading the most laps, Bill Elliott was surpassed by Dale Earnhardt with 115 laps to go. Earnhardt would hold on for his fifth victory of the season.
Top Ten Results
Round 8: Sovran Bank 500.
The Sovran Bank 500 was held April 26 at Martinsville Speedway. Morgan Shepherd won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Round 9: Winston 500.
The Winston 500 was held May 3 at Alabama International Motor Speedway. Bill Elliott won the pole at a record speed of 212.809 mph (44.998 seconds), a record that still stands today and will likely never be broken. This race was remembered for a near-tragedy early when Bobby Allison flew into the fence and nearly landed in the front stretch grandstands. Though Allison was not injured, a female fan lost an eye as a result of being struck by debris. Eventually, this crash would lead to the introduction of restrictor plates in 1988, and the practice would continue until the 2019 Daytona 500. Allison's crash caused a 2½ hour red flag to repair the catch fence, and the race was shortened to 178 laps due to darkness. This was Davey Allison's first career Winston Cup victory, in only his 14th career start.
Top Ten Results
Exhibition: The Winston.
The Winston, an annual invitational race for previous winners in Winston Cup, was held May 17 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Dale Earnhardt won the race. At one point, Bill Elliott's car nicked the rear of Earnhardt's, sending the latter into the infield grass. But no sooner did Earnhardt drive through the grass than he drove onto the track once more. That incident came to be known as "The Pass in the Grass." With eight laps to go, contact with Earnhardt cut down Elliott's tire. An angry Elliott retaliated by bumping Earnhardt after the race was over. This race would be the breakthrough edition NASCAR envisioned, with the adoption of the non-winners "last chance" race and the 19 most recent NASCAR race winners in the feature of 75, 50, and 10 laps.
Top Ten Results
Round 10: Coca-Cola 600.
The Coca-Cola 600 was held May 24 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. The No. 9 of Bill Elliott won the pole. This race was notable for the sheer amount of attrition. Out of the 42 cars that started the 600 mile event, only 17 of them finished the race. 21 years before Marcos Ambrose made his debut in the series, Allan Grice became the first Australian driver to qualify for a Winston Cup race. In his first ever run on an oval track, Grice qualified his Oldsmobile Delta 88 in 35th position. Kyle Petty won this race by over 1 lap over Morgan Shepherd. This would be Kyle Petty’s last win with the Wood Brothers. Petty left the team following a dismal 1988 season to drive for Felix Sabates.
Top Ten Results
Round 11: Budweiser 500.
The Budweiser 500 was held May 31 at Dover Downs International Speedway. Bill Elliott won the pole. Davey Allison's 2nd and last victory of his rookie season would make him the last rookie to win a Winston Cup race until Tony Stewart won 3 races in 1999.
Top Ten Results
Round 12: Miller High Life 500.
The Miller High Life 500 was held June 14 at Pocono International Raceway. The No. 11 of Terry Labonte won the pole. This was Tim Richmond's first start of 1987. Late in the 1986 season, Richmond came down with what was thought of as "double pneumonia." This caused him to miss most of the season.
Top Ten Results
Round 13: Budweiser 400.
The Budweiser 400 was held June 21 at Riverside International Raceway. Terry Labonte won the pole. Richard Petty, not fully recovered from rib injuries sustained in a crash at the Miller High Life 500 at Pocono a week earlier, ran only the pace lap before giving way to Joe Ruttman while Petty moved to the ESPN broadcast booth. This was Tim Richmond's final career victory.
Top Ten Results
Round 14: Miller American 400.
The Miller American 400 was held June 28 at Michigan International Speedway. Rusty Wallace won his 1st career pole.
Top Ten Results
Round 15: Pepsi Firecracker 400.
The Pepsi Firecracker 400 was held July 4 at Daytona International Speedway. The No. 28 of Davey Allison won the pole. In this race, smaller carburetors (the size used in the Busch Series) were mandated by NASCAR at Daytona and Talladega in an attempt to slow the cars. The pole speed was just over 198 mph as compared to over 210 mph in February. NASCAR officials experienced scoring difficulties late in the race, and at one point, were scoring leader Bobby Allison as one lap down. Final results properly restored the missing lap to Allison's total, and he was credited with the victory. On the final lap, Ken Schrader got loose coming out of turn four, spun, and barrel-rolled in the tri-oval just shy of the start/finish line. He collected Harry Gant, slid across the finish line, and still finished in 7th place. Schrader's flip can be seen in the movie "Days of Thunder."
Top Ten Results
Round 16: Summer 500.
The Summer 500 was held July 19 at Pocono International Raceway. Tim Richmond won the pole for the final time in his career.
Top Ten Results
Round 17: Talladega 500.
The Talladega 500 was held July 26 at Alabama International Motor Speedway. Bill Elliott won the pole at with the smaller Busch series carburetors.
Top Ten Results
Round 18: The Budweiser at The Glen.
The Budweiser at The Glen was held August 10 at Watkins Glen International. Terry Labonte won the pole. The race started a day late due to rain. Rusty Wallace had a commanding lead in the final laps of the race, but prior to the white flag, he started running out of fuel. Rusty made a quick pit stop for gas, but kept his lead and held on for the win.
Top Ten Results
Round 19: Champion Spark Plug 400.
The Champion Spark Plug 400 was held August 16 at Michigan International Speedway. Davey Allison won the pole. This was Tim Richmond's final race; he was running 8th when his engine blew. (It's believed he purposely over-revved it to blow it up, because he was suffering from severe exhaustion caused by what turned out to be a then-unknown bout with the AIDS virus.) He would be credited with a 29th place finish. Members of the print media covering the race were witnesses to the Northwest Airlines Flight 255 plane crash later in the day. Tom Higgins of "The Charlotte Observer" was involved in coverage of the plane crash, as he had just checked into the nearby hotel awaiting a Monday morning flight to Charlotte following the race.
Top Ten Results
Round 20: Busch 500.
The Busch 500 was held August 22 at Bristol International Raceway. Terry Labonte won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Tony Spanos (No. 48), Troy Beebe (No. 6), Mike Potter (No. 81), J. D. McDuffie (No. 70)
Round 21: Southern 500.
The Southern 500 was held September 6 at Darlington Raceway. Davey Allison won the pole. The race was shortened to 202 laps due to rain. Going into this race three drivers had a shot at a special $100,000 bonus from Winston if they won this race because they had won the 3 previous Winston Million races. Bill Elliott won the Daytona 500, Davey Allison won the Winston 500, and Kyle Petty won the Coca Cola 600. Davey crashed out of the race on lap 164 finishing 29th. Kyle finished 14th 2 laps down to the winner. Bill could only muster 8th so ultimately no one won the bonus for 1987.
Top Ten Results
Round 22: Wrangler Jeans Indigo 400.
The Wrangler Jeans Indigo 400 was held September 13 at Richmond Fairgrounds Raceway. Alan Kulwicki won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Round 23: Delaware 500.
The Delaware 500 was held September 20 at Dover Downs International Speedway. Alan Kulwicki won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Round 24: Goody's 500.
The Goody's 500 was held September 27 at Martinsville Speedway. Geoff Bodine won the pole. A late race caution set up an intense 3-lap sprint among Dale Earnhardt, Terry Labonte and Darrell Waltrip. On the final lap, going into turn 3, Labonte hooked Earnhardt's left rear quarter-panel, sending Earnhardt sideways and Labonte spinning towards the outside wall in turn 4. The contact enabled Waltrip to sneak underneath and grab the win.
Top Ten Results
Round 25: Holly Farms 400.
The Holly Farms 400 was held October 4 at North Wilkesboro Speedway. Bill Elliott won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Round 26: Oakwood Homes 500.
The Oakwood Homes 500 was held October 11 at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Bobby Allison won the pole for the final time in his career. A crash at lap 57 ended Neil Bonnett's season as the crash shattered his leg. A big chain reaction crash at lap 125 took out Geoff Bodine, Brett Bodine, Alan Kulwicki and Bobby Hillin Jr. among others.
Top Ten Results
Round 27: AC Delco 500.
The AC Delco 500 was held October 25 at North Carolina Motor Speedway. Davey Allison won the pole. Dale Earnhardt clinched his 3rd NASCAR Winston Cup Championship with two races to go (he only needed a 19th place finish in this race to clinch the title). In the Bob Latford Winston Cup points system, a driver can clinch the championship with two races to go if he has a 370+ point lead over 2nd, and Earnhardt did just that by having a 515 point lead over Bill Elliott at the end of the race. Earnhardt would become the third driver in NASCAR history to clinch the Winston Cup Championship with two or more races to go, joining Richard Petty and Cale Yarborough, but as of 2018, Earnhardt is the only driver in NASCAR history to clinch the title twice with two races to go. He would accomplish it again in 1994 when he clinched his seventh and final championship with two races to go by 448 points over Rusty Wallace. In 1978, Yarborough clinched his third consecutive Winston Cup Championship with two races to go by 396 points over Bobby Allison, but in 1975, however, Petty clinched his sixth championship with four races to go because his point lead was 740+ over second. His margin was 827 points over James Hylton. Petty's championship win with four races to go is the earliest for a driver to clinch a championship in NASCAR history. Also as of 2018, this feat can never happen again due to several changes in the points system after 2003.
Top Ten Results
Round 28: Winston Western 500.
The Winston Western 500 was held November 8 at Riverside International Raceway. Geoff Bodine won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Failed to qualify: Trevor Boys (No. 12), John Krebs (No. 66), Brad Noffsinger (No. 98), St. James Davis, Jack Sellers
Round 29: Atlanta Journal 500.
The Atlanta Journal 500 was held November 22 at Atlanta International Raceway. Bill Elliott won the pole. This was the 1st time that Atlanta was the season finale (it was the season finale from 1987 to 2000). Dale Earnhardt officially won his third Winston Cup Championship by 489 points over Bill Elliott, the second largest point margin in Bob Latford's Winston Cup points system history. As of 2022, Richard Petty holds the record for the largest point margin, dating back to 1975, when he won his sixth championship by 722 points over Dave Marcis.
Top Ten Results
Results and standings.
Drivers' championship.
() Bold – Pole position awarded by time. "Italics" – Pole position set by owner's points. * – Most laps led.
Rookie of the Year.
Davey Allison won the Rookie of the Year award in 1987, winning two races for Harry Ranier after making an aborted attempt at the award the previous season. He was followed by Dale Jarrett, who had two top-ten finishes, and Steve Christman, who did not race in NASCAR again following the season. The other contenders were Rodney Combs, Derrike Cope, and Jerry Cranmer, all running incomplete schedules.

</doc>
<doc id="6933402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933402" title="Neil Young (disambiguation)">
Neil Young (disambiguation)

Neil Young (born 1945) is a Canadian singer/songwriter and guitarist
Neil Young may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6933404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933404" title="Ostrov Dzheksona">
Ostrov Dzheksona



</doc>
<doc id="6933407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933407" title="Coolbits">
Coolbits

Coolbits was a Windows registry hack for Nvidia graphics cards Windows drivers, that allows tweaking features via the Nvidia driver control panel (including overclocking).
There is also a Coolbits 2.0, with extra features.
These features provided by Coolbits are considered expert-only and thus the reason they are normally hidden in the control panel.
Below is the main Coolbits activation entry in the registry:
 [HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\NVIDIA Corporation\Global\NvTweak]
 "CoolBits"=dword:00000003 
It is also available on Unix-like systems running the X Window System by setting the "Coolbits" option to "5" in the configuration file. Using "28" instead of "5" will enable additional overclocking features.

</doc>
<doc id="6933413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933413" title="John Cicero">
John Cicero



</doc>
<doc id="6933420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933420" title="Richard Bulger">
Richard Bulger



</doc>
<doc id="6933423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933423" title="Juan Manuel de Ayala">
Juan Manuel de Ayala



</doc>
<doc id="6933432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933432" title="2006 San Francisco 49ers season">
2006 San Francisco 49ers season

The 2006 San Francisco 49ers season was the franchise's 57th season in the National Football League (NFL) and their 61st overall. It began with the team trying to improve on their 4–12 record in 2005. Despite having improved from their previous two disastrous seasons, they missed the playoffs for the fourth straight year, continuing their playoff drought. The 49ers celebrated their 60th anniversary during the 2006 season, because, although it was their 61st season, the 2006 calendar year marked the 60th anniversary of the franchise's founding in 1946.
Offseason.
Soon after the end of the 2005 season, Mike McCarthy, the 49ers' offensive coordinator of one year, left for the Green Bay Packers. On January 17, 2006, the 49ers hired Norv Turner as McCarthy's replacement. Whereas McCarthy based the majority of his offense on Bill Walsh's West Coast Offense, Turner has been known to use a power running scheme and vertical passing game more often than the West Coast scheme. Turner came to the 49ers after two unsuccessful seasons as the head coach of the 49ers' cross-bay rivals, the Oakland Raiders.
The 49ers gained the sixth pick in the 2006 NFL draft after winning a coin toss with the Raiders at the scouting combine in Indianapolis. The 49ers used their first pick on Maryland Tight End Vernon Davis. They then used their next pick (acquired from the Denver Broncos via the Washington Redskins) on North Carolina State defensive end Manny Lawson. The rest of their picks were Wisconsin Wide Receiver Brandon Williams, Penn State RB Michael Robinson, Tennessee DE Parys Haralson, Central Missouri St. Wide Receiver Delanie Walker, North Carolina St. Safety Marcus Hudson, Louisiana St. DE Melvin Oliver, and Arkansas Safety Vickiel Vaughn.
The 49ers had two major free agent acquisitions in the offseason. Larry Allen, a perennial Pro Bowl left guard from the Dallas Cowboys, and Antonio Bryant, a talented but oft-troubled wide receiver from the Cleveland Browns. The 49ers also traded Kevan Barlow to the New York Jets for what was believed to be a 2007 4th round draft pick.
Regular season.
Game summaries.
Week 1: at Arizona Cardinals.
The 49ers opened the regular season against the Arizona Cardinals on September 10. Despite losing 34–27, many positives can be taken out of the game. RB Frank Gore rushed for 88 yards and caught 6 receptions for over 80 yards with two touchdowns. Rookie tight end Vernon Davis and second year quarterback Alex Smith hooked up for a touchdown pass with Smith equaling his touchdown total of the entire 2005 season and passing for an encouraging 288 yards with 23 completions out of 40 attempts. The 49ers had several chances to win it, however, many controversial non-calls were made by the officials, including a blatant pass interference in the end zone, which would have tied the game with just a little over 2 minutes to go. The 49ers would thus start their 61st season 0–1.
Week 2: vs. St. Louis Rams.
The 49ers played their second game of the season against the St. Louis Rams on September 17 in a Week 2 home – opener. After a loss to the Arizona Cardinals the previous week, the 49ers redeemed themselves with a win at home. Second year quarterback Alex Smith threw for 233 yards with 11 completions and one touchdown pass to Antonio Bryant. Bryant had four receptions with 131 yards. Running back Frank Gore ran for a (at the time) career-best 127 yards with a touchdown, despite Jonas Jennings and Larry Allen being sidelined with injuries. San Francisco won 20–13 and evened out their record at 1–1.
Week 3: vs. Philadelphia Eagles.
The 49ers stayed at home for a Week 3 contest against the Philadelphia Eagles. From the get-go, the Niners trailed as QB Donovan McNabb managed to complete two TD passes to RB Brian Westbrook (a 4-yard pass) and WR L.J. Smith (a 1-yard pass) in the first quarter. In the second quarter, San Francisco would get on the board with Kicker Joe Nedney completing a 48-yard field goal, but Philadelphia would strike hard, as RB Brian Westbrook ran 71 yards for a touchdown and Kicker David Akers completed a 21-yard field goal. In the third quarter, both sides managed to get themselves a touchdown. Eagles DT Mike Patterson returned a 49ers fumble 98 yards for a touchdown, while the Niners' rookie RB Michael Robinson got a 1-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, San Francisco tried to come back with Robinson getting another 1-yard TD run. However, the Eagles got an 8-yard TD run by Westbrook. The Niners would get one more score, as QB Alex Smith completed a TE Eric Johnson, but that would as far as they would get, as the 49ers fell to 1–2 on the year.
Week 4: at Kansas City Chiefs.
After losing at home to the Eagles, the 49ers flew to Arrowhead Stadium for a Week 4 match-up with the Kansas City Chiefs. Unfortunately, this match-up was one-sided from beginning to end, with the Chiefs’ offense being in top form, the Niners crushed by KC's defense, and the usual loudness of the stadium (via the Chiefs’ fans) also probably affected the team's ability to execute. The 49ers tried their best, but in the end, QB Damon Huard and the Kansas City Chiefs were the better team in the fight. 49ers would drop their record to 1–3
Week 5: vs. Oakland Raiders.
Hoping to rebound from their loss in Kansas City, the 49ers went home for Week 5 as they played a Bay Area battle with the Oakland Raiders. The Niners drew first blood with QB Alex Smith throwing a 4-yard TD pass to WR Arnaz Battle, yet the Raiders would respond with kicker Sebastian Janikowski getting a 33-yard field goal for the first quarter. In the second quarter, things started to look grim, as Oakland took the lead with Janikowski kicking a 36-yard field goal, while QB Andrew Walter threw a 22-yard TD pass to WR Randy Moss. In the third quarter, the 49ers would rebound, as Smith hooked up with Battle again for a 6-yard TD pass. Later, Alex would throw a 33-yard TD pass to RB Maurice Hicks, giving San Francisco the lead. In the fourth quarter, the 49ers continued to roll, as kicker Joe Nedney kicked a 19-yard field goal, while rookie DE Melvin Oliver returned a fumble 12 yards for a touchdown. The Niners would allow one last touchdown from the Raiders, in the form of QB Marques Tuiasosopo completing an 8-yard pass to TE Courtney Anderson, but Nedney would help the Niners get win #2 with a 39-yard field goal. This beating of their Cross-bay rivals would bring the 49ers to a 2–3 record
Week 6: vs. San Diego Chargers.
Nothing RB LaDainian Tomlinson does on the ground really impresses the San Diego Chargers at this point. For that, the star running back must take to the air. Tomlinson seemed to be trying to jump out of Candlestick Park while hurdling the goal line on one of his four touchdown runs—and his elevation was the Chargers' inspiration. Tomlinson set a franchise record while seemingly spending most of the afternoon in the end zone, and QB Philip Rivers passed for a career-high 334 yards and two more scores in San Diego's 48–19 victory over San Francisco. Tomlinson got his third score 33 seconds before halftime, capping San Diego's 35-point first half and essentially finishing off the 49ers (2–4) with an astonishingly high leap over the goal-line pile. WR Bryan Gilmore and FB Moran Norris caught scoring passes as the Chargers gave up more points in the first half alone than they allowed in any of their first four games. But San Diego shut out San Francisco in the second half, with QB Alex Smith finishing 20 of 31 for 214 yards. San Francisco's offense has been better than expected heading to the club's bye week, but the defense has been just as bad as feared. Two weeks after giving up 41 points to the Chiefs, the 49ers seemed lost from the moment top CB Walt Harris was ruled out with a hamstring injury. This crushing blow put the 49ers record at 2–4.
Week 8: at Chicago Bears.
Wearing bright orange uniforms and showing their speed on defense and special teams, the Chicago Bears overwhelmed the 49ers who were coming off their Bye Week. They jumped to a 24–0 first-quarter lead and 41–0 halftime cushion before coasting to a 41–10 victory. Brian Urlacher's one-handed interception was headed to the highlight reel as soon as he tumbled to the ground after somehow batting the ball to himself. Urlacher's stellar play symbolized what kind of afternoon it was for the refreshed and still unbeaten Chicago Bears – and how frustrating the day was for the 49ers. San Francisco entered giving up 32 points a game, but the defense wasn't to fault early on because turnovers allowed the Bears to work from short fields. Drives started at the 15, 41 and 13, and they turned all three into touchdowns to take the big opening-quarter lead. The 49ers coughed up the ball a fourth time late in the half when WR Antonio Bryant caught a pass and fumbled, with CB Ricky Manning Jr. recovering. San Francisco averted a shutout in the fourth quarter on a 23-yard field goal by K Joe Nedney and a 16-yard TD pass from Smith to WR Antonio Bryant. QB Alex Smith finished 16 of 26 for 146 yards. RB Frank Gore rushed for 111 yards on 12 carries, thanks to a 53-yard run. The 49ers now stand at 2–5.
Week 9: vs. Minnesota Vikings.
With just 238 total yards and a host of dropped passes and mistakes, the Minnesota Vikings showed every negative effect of its injury problems and a short week of preparation after Monday night's loss to New England. But count QB Brad Johnson among those shocked by the 49ers sudden defensive acumen. San Francisco managed just 133 total yards with its own miserable offense, but got cohesive play from the same unit that gave up 41 points by halftime last week at Chicago. The Niners simplified their game plan and hung on, stopping Minnesota's final drive with 1:04 left. QB Alex Smith passed for just 105 yards and RB Frank Gore rushed for only 41 as San Francisco hung on for its eighth straight home victory since 1988 over the Vikings, now 4–4, who'll be shaking their heads all the way back to the Twin Cities after failing to mount any significant offensive attack. QB Brad Johnson passed for 136 yards but made three turnovers for the Vikings, whose final drive ended when WR Troy Williamson dropped an on-target pass on third down before S Mark Roman and CB Shawntae Spencer prevented WR Bethel Johnson from catching a desperate pass at the goal line. K Joe Nedney left Monster Park Sunday with a game ball after accounting for all of the 49ers scoring efforts. Nedney hit from 25, 30 and 51 yards out. The 51-yarder he had to kick twice after a game clock debacle. The 49ers, now 3–5, had just enough offense to back a shocking performance by their previously porous defense (which had allowed 150 points in its last four games), led by new starting LB and NFC Defensive Player of the Week Brandon Moore, who finished with 14 tackles and 1 sack. With the win, the 49ers advanced to 3–5.
Week 10: at Detroit Lions.
San Francisco kept Detroit in the game with missed opportunities, then made just enough plays for a rare two-game winning streak and its first road win. RB Frank Gore set a franchise record with 148 yards rushing in the first half and scored on a 61-yard run before leaving with a concussion. San Francisco led 13–3 at halftime after scoring on three of its first four drives, wishing it had a bigger lead after out gaining Detroit 247–102 yards and recovering a fumble without giving up a turnover. The 49ers had chances to go ahead big in the third quarter because Detroit had two turnovers on its first three plays, but they came away with only a field goal and a 13-point lead. Gore then caught a 7-yard pass, wobbled off the field and didn't return. QB Alex Smith's fumble midway through the third quarter set up a score that helped the Lions get back in the game. The 49ers drove down the field to set up K Joe Nedney's fourth field goal, a key score because it made Detroit go for a TD instead of kicking a tying field goal late in the game. S Keith Lewis intercepted QB Jon Kitna's pass at the 49ers' 2 with 2½ minutes left and San Francisco now 4–5 picked up the one first down it needed to seal the game, winning consecutive games for the second time since 2003. RB Frank Gore finished with career-high 159 yards rushing and San Francisco's QB Alex Smith was 14 of 20 for 136 yards with a fumble. WR Arnaz Battle caught six passes for 55 yards, and converted a third-and-4 on the final drive to allow the 49ers to run out the clock. The 49ers' defense again came up huge, allowing only 273 total offensive yards and forcing 4 turnovers. LB Brandon Moore was yet again the story, leading the team with 9 tackles, 2 sacks and forcing 2 turnovers. With the win, the 49ers advanced to 4–5.
Week 11: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
In their first match up of the season versus division-leading rival Seattle Seahawks, the 49ers jumped to a 20–0 lead at halftime thanks to the combined efforts of running back Frank Gore and the defense. This was the first game back from injury for Seattle running back Shaun Alexander, and he was held to just 37 rush yards. On the other side of the ball, Frank Gore ran for a career-high 212 yards on his way to topping the 1,000-yard mark for the season. The Seahawks offense turned the ball over five times during the game, including three interceptions thrown by quarterback Seneca Wallace, two of which were picked off by San Francisco cornerback Walt Harris. Alex Smith, 49ers quarterback, threw one touchdown pass and also rushed for a one-yard touchdown, the first rushing touchdown of his career. The win elevated the 49ers to a .500 record, and put them just one game out of first place in their division, behind the 6–4 Seahawks.
On the final play of the game, a pass to Seattle's fullback Mack Strong, the Seahawks attempted to continue the play which was similar to The Play which made the Cal-Stanford rivalry famous. However 49ers Rookie Marcus Hudson recovered the lateral attempt and the game was over. In a reference to The Play, radio announcers on 107.7 The Bone declared "The band is NOT on the field"
Week 12: at St. Louis Rams.
Riding high from their home upset over the Seahawks, the 49ers flew to the Edward Jones Dome for an NFC West rematch with their historic rival, the St. Louis Rams. After a scoreless first quarter, the Niners trailed early. In the second quarter, the Rams struck first with kicker Jeff Wilkins getting a 24-yard field goal, while RB Steven Jackson got a 36-yard TD run. San Francisco would get on the board with RB Frank Gore getting a 12-yard TD run, yet Wilkins gave St. Louis a 51-yard field goal as time ran out on the half. In the third quarter, the 49ers took the lead as QB Alex Smith completed a 1-yard TD pass to TE Eric Johnson for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, kicker Joe Nedney gave the Niners a six-point lead with a 24-yard field goal. However, the Rams would get the win with QB Marc Bulger completing a 5-yard TD pass to WR Kevin Curtis. With the loss, the 49ers fell to 5–6.
Week 13: at New Orleans Saints.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Rams, the 49ers flew to the Louisiana Superdome for a Week 13 fight with the New Orleans Saints. In the first quarter, the Niners took an early lead with kicker Joe Nedney nailing a 29-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the 49ers lost their lead with RB Reggie Bush's 1-yard and 8-yard TD runs. In the third quarter, San Francisco came close with QB Alex Smith's 48-yard TD pass to WR Antonio Bryant, yet New Orleans gained some distance with kicker John Carney's 19-yard field goal and QB Drew Brees' 5-yard TD pass to Bush. In the fourth quarter, the Saints wrapped things up with Bush's 10-yard run and Carney's 33-yard field goal. With their second-straight loss, the 49ers fell to 5–7.
Week 14: vs. Green Bay Packers.
Trying to end their two-game skid, the 49ers went home for a Week 14 fight with the Green Bay Packers. In the first quarter, the Niners got an early lead with kicker Joe Nedney nailing a 24-yard field goal, yet the Packers gained the lead with QB Brett Favre's 36-yard TD pass to WR Ruvell Martin. In the second quarter, San Francisco's troubles grew as Packers kicker Dave Rayner nailed a 23-yard field goal, while RB Ahman Green got a 1-yard TD run. The Niners would respond with Nedney kicking a 36-yard field goal. In the third quarter, the 49ers had RB Frank Gore get a 1-yard TD run, yet Green Bay responded with Favre completing a 68-yard TD pass to WR Donald Driver. In the fourth quarter, the Packers wrapped things up with Rayner kicking a 44-yard and a 21-yard field goal. The Niners would get a touchdown, as QB Alex Smith completed a 52-yard TD pass to rookie TE Vernon Davis, yet a botched snap foiled the following PAT. With their third-straight loss, the 49ers fell to 5–8.
Week 15: at Seattle Seahawks.
Trying to end a three-game skid, the 49ers flew to Qwest Field for an NFC West rematch with the Seattle Seahawks on Thursday night. In the first quarter, the Niners started off bumpy as Seahawks RB Shaun Alexander got a 3-yard TD run for Seattle's early strike and the only score of the period. In the second quarter, San Francisco would get a field goal before halftime as kicker Joe Nedney nailed one from 39 yards out. After a scoreless third quarter, the Niners were in full force as QB Alex Smith completed an 8-yard TD pass to rookie TE Vernon Davis. Afterwards, Smith would complete a 20-yard TD pass to RB Frank Gore. Then, the 49ers wrapped the game up with Smith getting a very easy 18-yard QB sneak for a touchdown. Seattle would get one more score as QB Matt Hasselbeck completed a 22-yard TD pass to TE Jerramy Stevens. Fortunately, the Niners would get the win and the season sweep over the Seahawks. With the win, the 49ers improved to 6–8
Week 16: vs. Arizona Cardinals.
Following their road win over the Seahawks, and hoping to clinch a playoff spot, the 49ers went home for an NFC West rematch with the Arizona Cardinals. In the first quarter, the Niners struck first with kicker Joe Nedney getting a 49-yard field goal, yet the Cardinals took the lead with kicker Neil Rackers getting a 25-yard field goal, along with RB Marcel Shipp's 5-yard TD run. In the second quarter, things continued to get worse for the 49ers as QB Matt Leinart completed a 6-yard to WR Larry Fitzgerald, along with Rackers nailing a 39-yard field goal. The Niners would be able get a field goal before halftime as Nedney kicked from 32 yards out. In the third quarter, San Francisco started to come back as RB Frank Gore got a 2-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Arizona increased its lead as Rackers was awarded a missed 37-yard field goal and was successful in kicking a 32-yard field goal. Even though Gore managed to get a 1-yard TD run, the Niners fell short of a comeback. With the loss, the 49ers fell to 6–9, securing them their fourth consecutive losing season.
Week 17: at Denver Broncos.
Trying to end their season on a positive note, the 49ers flew to Invesco Field at Mile High to take on the playoff hopeful Denver Broncos. In the first quarter, the Broncos struck first with kicker Jason Elam getting a 22-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Denver continued its dominance with Elam kicking a 21-yard field goal, while CB Champ Bailey returned an interception 70 yards for a touchdown. The Niners would get a field goal before halftime as kicker Joe Nedney got one from 46 yards out. In the third quarter, San Francisco took the lead as QB Alex Smith completed a 32-yard TD pass to RB Moran Norris, while CB Walt Harris returned an interception 28 yards for a touchdown. The Broncos would sneak close with Elam kicking a 22-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Nedney gave the Niners a little cushion with a 29-yard and a 46-yard field goal. However, Denver managed to tie the game with QB Jay Cutler completing a 9-yard TD pass to TE Tony Scheffler. The game would go to overtime, where both sides fought hard and fierce as the period wore on. San Francisco eventually prevailed with two minutes remaining as Nedney helped knock the Broncos out of the playoff picture with a game-winning 36-yard field goal. With the win, the 49ers ended their season at 7–9.

</doc>
<doc id="6933433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933433" title="Radio 1 Roadshow">
Radio 1 Roadshow

The Radio 1 Roadshow was an annual summer event hosted and broadcast by BBC Radio 1 from 1973 to 1999. The roadshow ran over three decades of live broadcasts from beach resorts around the UK. The summer roadshows came to an end in July and August 1999, when the BBC replaced them with a series of one-day pop festivals in cities around the UK.
History.
The concept for the Roadshow came from Radio 1 producer and later controller Johnny Beerling and was envisaged and purchased by Tony Miles, built and maintained by John Dean, with engineers Peter Lucken and Johnny Heritage. The first Roadshow was held at North Fistral Beach, Newquay, Cornwall, on Monday 26 July 1973, and was hosted by Alan Freeman.
Various disc jockeys from the station would visit British towns, usually on the coast, to play a live set, meet local people to play their requests, take part in games and give away "goodie bags" of Radio 1 gifts. Accompanying the DJs were the support crew, led by Tony Miles, nicknamed "Smiley Miley", who had provided the original caravan for the first Roadshow.
Several games were devised especially for participation in by the live audience. Most notable were two that ran throughout the Roadshow's history, "Bits and Pieces" and "Smiley Miley's Mileage Game". "In Bits and Pieces", four contestants selected from the Roadshow crowd had to name a series of pop hits after hearing a tape containing ten brief excerpts, the winner being the one who accurately identified the most songs and artists. In "The Mileage Game", three contestants had to guess how many miles the Roadshow truck had travelled from the previous venue, after hearing the route from Smiley Miley, with the winner being the one making the most accurate guess.
The typical roadshow summer season started in July and ran for eight weeks, broadcasting live on Radio 1 from the roadshow locations from 11am to 12.30pm each weekday. The first hour from 10am was a warm-up ahead of the 11am start of the live broadcast. By the late 1970s, they had become a key part of the summer schedules for Radio 1 and attracted much support during their run.
The largest attendance was at Sutton Park, Birmingham, on Sunday 30 August 1992, when 100,000 fans turned up to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Radio 1 with live performances from bands including Del Amitri, Aswad, The Farm and Status Quo.
In the early 1990s several attempts were made to modernise the Roadshow. Under Matthew Bannister, for example, in 1993 and 1994, the station commissioned an independent production company to make an audio postcard for each venue in advance of the Roadshow's arrival in that place. Thirty-six whistle-stop "2 Minute Tours" were made each year, and broadcast several times in the 24 hours leading up to the Roadshow proper, in order to give a wider reflection of life in each place.
By the mid-1990s the Roadshow had expanded to 54 live dates over nine weeks. Two trucks reversed back-to-back to form a 75-foot stage front. Chris Hopkins was one of the last warm-up DJs on the roadshows, replacing Smiley Miley.
Demise.
The final old-style Roadshow was held at Marine Parade, Brighton, with Chris Moyles on 27 August 1999. As part of reforms to the station, the Radio 1 Roadshow was axed in favour of a series of one-day pop concerts, called One Big Sunday. These have now been replaced by a single two-day event called BBC Radio 1's Big Weekend. The style of the event is more akin to a standalone music festival than the broadcasting-based shows of old. The emphasis is on current artists and new music.
Since the Radio 1 Roadshow's demise, some of the crew that were behind the roadshow's success have subsequently purchased some of the old roadshow vehicles, and are using them as stages for many local radio station roadshows.
Roadshow vehicles.
There were four Roadshow vehicles over the history of the programme:

</doc>
<doc id="6933434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933434" title="Prix Maurice de Nieuil">
Prix Maurice de Nieuil

The Prix Maurice de Nieuil is a Group 2 flat horse race in France open to thoroughbreds aged four years or older. It is run at Longchamp over a distance of 2,800 metres (about 1¾ miles), and it is scheduled to take place each year in July.
History.
The event was established in 1920, and it was initially called the Prix des Maréchaux. It was named in honour of the French and Allied marshals ("maréchaux") who served in World War I. The race was originally staged at Saint-Cloud, and it was open to horses aged three or older. The early runnings were contested over 3,100 metres, and the distance was cut to 2,800 metres in 1928. It was shortened to 2,600 metres in 1936.
The Prix des Maréchaux was cancelled in 1940, and for a period thereafter it was held at Longchamp (1941 – 42, 1944 – 45), Le Tremblay (1943) and Maisons-Laffitte (1946). The Longchamp editions were run over 2,500 metres, and this became the regular distance when it returned to Saint-Cloud. It was known as the Prix de Strasbourg in 1947 and 1948.
The race was renamed the Prix Maurice de Nieuil in 1949. This was in memory of (1860 –1949), a former chairman of the Société Sportive d'Encouragement, one of the precursors of France Galop.
The Prix Maurice de Nieuil was transferred to Maisons-Laffitte in 1990. It was closed to three-year-olds and extended to 2,800 metres in 2001. It was run over 3,000 metres in 2004, but it reverted to 2,800 metres the following year.
The event moved to Longchamp in 2006, and it is now part of the Grand Prix de Paris meeting. It is currently held on the evening of July 14, the French national holiday of Bastille Day.
Records.
Most successful horse (2 wins):
Leading jockey (7 wins):
Leading trainer (9 wins):
Leading owner (5 wins):
Winners since 1980.
 The 2016 and 2017 races took place at Saint-Cloud while Longchamp was closed for redevelopment.

</doc>
<doc id="6933438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933438" title="The Ox King (Dragon Ball)">
The Ox King (Dragon Ball)



</doc>
<doc id="6933439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933439" title="Cenema Mangalam">
Cenema Mangalam



</doc>
<doc id="6933444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933444" title="Bell Peppers">
Bell Peppers



</doc>
<doc id="6933447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933447" title="Grünfeld 4.Bf4">
Grünfeld 4.Bf4



</doc>
<doc id="6933449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933449" title="Butere">
Butere

Butere is a town in Kakamega County, which was formerly part of the Western Province of Kenya. According to the 2019 Kenya National Census, it has an Urban population of 154,100. Until 2010, Butere served as the capital of the former Butere/Mumias District.
Transportation links.
Butere is connected by road to Mumias to the north and Kisumu in the southeast. The fastest way to Butere is via air which takes approximately 1:38 hrs, and the bus takes approximately 7:30 hrs. A branch railway line from Kisumu ends in Butere, with passenger services not yet resumed in 2025
The town's name, Butere, came from the Abatere sub-clan, one of the main clans in the area. Historically, the Abatere lived in regions such as Muyundi, Masaba, and areas around the township. They were the primary inhabitants until the European colonial administration selected Butere as a base for their administrative activities.
Economy.
Like its neighboring sub-counties, for many years, the economy of Butere was heavily dependent on sugarcane cultivation. However, because the sugar industry proved unfeasible for many farmers, some have removed sugarcane from their farms and resorted to cultivating maize and soybeans. Some other residents depend on small-scale cattle-rearing, apiculture, and aquaculture for their livelihood.
Traditionally, the people of Butere have been small-scale farmers planting sorghum, millet, maize, and assorted vegetables, alongside fishing in Lake Victoria and trading these produce with their neighbors from the south in Nyanza. Many farmers cultivated soybeans, but only around 56.72% commercialized them.
The introduction of maize eventually changed the main staple food from ugali, made from sorghum, to maize meal. The late Mr. Naaman Otswong'o Chirande, a businessman and the area councilor between 1969 and 1974, brought significant development to lower Butere Market, including the main market, particularly through cattle sales.
As most residents of Butere have relied on sugarcane cultivation as a source of income alongside other farming activities, they strongly believe that political leadership should seek an alternative industry to serve the needs of the local economy, as the sugar industry seemed too difficult to resuscitate after the Mumias Sugar Company Limited collapsed for many years . This has since changed with its establishment in 2025.
Boda Boda.
Following an increase in unemployment in the sub-country, many youths have engaged in the motorbike business (commonly known as boda boda). This business earns them an average of 500 Ksh a day.
Self-help groups.
In the recent past, there has been an upsurge of self-help groups such as One-Acre Farm, Wycliffe Ambetsa Oparanya, Professor Ruth Oniang'o, and Hon. Andrew Toboso. Fred Omukubi Otswong'o (of Shatieta Self-Help Group) has authored an article on the use of intellectual property rights regimes to protect traditional knowledge of local communities, among others.
Inhabitants.
The district is inhabited by 17 subtribes, among them Abakolwe, Abashitsetse, Abamukhula, Abatere, Abashirotsa, Abashiahaka, Abamwende, Abashibanga, Abashisa, Aberecheya, and Abachenya. The Marama's most popular dances are the "lipala" dance and "eshiremba" (a funeral ceremony dance performed by the Abashibanga clan), which seem to vanish with modernity. The Marama have historically been tied to the Wanga, and the Wanga king Nabongo Mumia was a son to a Marama woman.
Politics.
The politics of Butere have been dominated by clan rivalries. Martin Shikuku represented from independence until 1997 with short breaks. Shikuku first lost the seat in the mid-1970s when he was detained by the Jomo Kenyatta government for saying that the then-ruling party, Kenya African National Union (KANU), was dead. Upon his release when Moi took over in 1978, Shikuku won the seat in 1979 through a by-election. Shikuku lost his seat to Jesse Eshikhati Opembe in the 1988 mlolongo elections. Opembe died only six months after the election, paving the way for Moses Okwara, who won the ensuing by-election. Shikuku returned to recapture the seat in the 1992 multiparty elections on the Kenneth Matiba led FORD-Asili party and represented the constituency for one term until former University of Nairobi Lecturer, Dr. Amukowa Anangwe, defeated him in the 1997 general elections in which Shikuku also ran for the presidency. Anangwe was, however, was ousted 2002 by Wycliffe Oparanya.
The 2007 election was again won by Oparanya as the constituency seemed to abandon Musikari Kombo in favor of the Orange Democratic Movement (ODM), now led by former Prime Minister and Langata MP Raila Odinga. This was evidenced by an apparent rush by most politicians to troop to the party, among them former Minister Dr. Amukowa Anangwe, Businessman Justus Anyanga Wanekeya, and Arch. Mohammed Munyanya.
The formation of the United Democratic Forum Party (UDFP) arising from the systematic breakaway of the Pentagon into a rival party, had a major impact on the 2013 elections. In recent by-elections, UDFP managed to show its national strength by emerging second in Kangema Constituency.
In 2017,Tindi Mwale new entrant in political arena,won with 18,213 votes against incumbent Andrew Toboso 11,560.In 2022, Tindi Mwale received a direct ODM ticket from Baba Raila Amollo Odinga,Baba Raila Amollo Odinga annointed Mwale as Captain JeshilaBaba,Mwale went on to win Member of Parliament on the Orange Democratic Movement ticket against his competitor Habil Nanjendo of the Amani National Congress. Mwale received 23,898 votes.
Religion.
The division is predominantly Christian with Anglican background, though other denominations claim a significant percentage of followers. Horace Etemesi, a former Bishop of Butere ACK diocese, successfully used the ACK influence on plant Dr. Anangwe as area MP in 1997 over Martin Shikuku, a Catholic. However, his influence was insignificant in the wake of the 2002 NARC wave. The Late Naaman Otswong'o and Philip Ingutia used the Church to gain mileage in business and farming, respectively. Today, many Butere residents continue to positively contribute to the church's development, including scholars like Fred Omukubi Otswong'o of JKUAT.
Academic institutions.
The sub-county has one national and one provincial secondary school: Butere Girls' High School (national school) and Butere Boys' High School (extra-county school). The sub county also has numerous day secondary schools, with Lunza Secondary School being the largest in terms of the student population and perennially good performances. Others are Bukolwe, Shiatsala, Shikunga, and Bumamu Secondary School.
The introduction of the Constituency Development Fund saw Buchenya Girls' School being chosen as a center of academic excellence due to its central location. Shibembe Secondary, Mukoye Girls, and Mabole Boys have also been recently established.
There are several primary schools in the district, with Butere Primary School, Buchenya Primary, and Shirembe Primary School being the most prominent.
There are small kindergartens in the subcounty, including a self-help group driven by Shatieta Nursery School and fronted by Fred Omukubi.

</doc>
<doc id="6933453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933453" title="Hugh Johnstone">
Hugh Johnstone

Colonel Hugh Anthony Johnstone (1 May 1931 – 30 June 2014) was a British Army officer who ended his career as the administrative head of Signals Intelligence during the 1970s.
Career.
Johnstone trained at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst for two years and on 8 February 1952 was commissioned into the Royal Corps of Signals. He was promoted to lieutenant in 1954, captain in 1958, major in 1965, lieutenant-colonel in 1970, and colonel in 1975. He retired in September 1979.
Johnstone became known when he was identified by the magazines "Peace News" and "The Leveller" as the much-publicised anonymous witness "Colonel B" in the ABC trial in 1978. This led to prosecutions for contempt of court which ultimately failed in the House of Lords. The case became a great embarrassment to the Crown, due to its attempts to disguise the identities of people and well-known defence establishments .
Personal life.
In 1954, Johnstone married Daniele Louise Genevieve Alzingre, a daughter of Ambroise Sebastien Alzingre, of Île-de-France, and they had two daughters. He died at Grasse, Alpes-Maritimes, France, on 30 June 2014, aged 83, and his widow died there in 2018. They are buried in the cemetery at Spéracèdes.

</doc>
<doc id="6933456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933456" title="Huracán de Tres Arroyos">
Huracán de Tres Arroyos

Club Atlético Huracán (usually Huracán de Tres Arroyos) is an Argentine football club based in the city of Tres Arroyos, in Buenos Aires Province.
The club is the biggest of Tres Arroyos City, and one of the largest in Southern Buenos Aires Province
The club were founded 3 January 1923 and plays in the Torneo Federal C which is the fifth division of the Argentine league.
They played in the first division during the 2004–2005 season. For 2007/2008, the club had to play in the Argentino A because they got relegated during the previous season.

</doc>
<doc id="6933470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933470" title="Man Called Sun">
Man Called Sun



</doc>
<doc id="6933471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933471" title="State Highway Route S3 (New Jersey)">
State Highway Route S3 (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6933472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933472" title="Minimum gauge railways">
Minimum gauge railways



</doc>
<doc id="6933474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933474" title="Wilczek Island">
Wilczek Island

Wilczek Island, (Остров Вильчека; "Ostrov Vil'cheka") is located in the southeastern end of Franz Josef Land, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia.
History.
Wilczek Island was the first island of the Franz Josef Archipelago on which the Austro-Hungarian North Pole Expedition set foot on November 1, 1873. A grave was dug ashore for Otto Krisch, a deceased member of the expedition and a cairn was erected with a message in a sealed container in it informing about the new discovery.
On August 5, 1991, German ship "Dagmar Aaen" with the Arved Fuchs expedition reached Wilczek Island. Fuchs dug up the Austro-Hungarian expedition bottle from among the stones in the cairn, but the writing inside could not be read. The document was brought to the office the Federal Criminal Police Office in Wiesbaden. There the writing was deciphered and it was confirmed that it was a note from Polar explorers Julius Payer and Karl Weyprecht. The document is now in the German Naval Museum in Bremerhaven.
Geography.
Wilczek Island is a long island southwest of Salm Island, separated from the latter by a wide sound. The island is mostly unglacierized, except for a small ice cap in the north and a smaller one in the south.
"Wilczek Island" should not be confused with much larger Wilczek Land located in the same archipelago, but they are both named after Austro-Hungarian Count Johann Nepomuk Wilczek. Count Hans Wilczek was the most important sponsor of the Austro-Hungarian North Pole Expedition to Franz Josef Land.
Adjacent islands.
Lamont Island.
12 km south of Wilczek Island lies Lamont Island (остров Ламон) 79° 48' N; 58° 40' E. This is a small double island, only 1.3 km in length. Lamont Island is the southernmost island of the Franz Josef Archipelago. In some maps it appears as Lamon Island.
This double islet was named after Scottish Arctic explorer Sir James Lamont.

</doc>
<doc id="6933479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933479" title="Bettina Graziani">
Bettina Graziani

Simone Micheline Bodin (8 May 1925 – 3 March 2015), known professionally as Bettina or Bettina Graziani, was a French fashion model of the 1940s and 1950s and an early muse to the fashion designer Hubert de Givenchy. She was a designer of knitwear and, later, a poet and composer.
Biography.
Born in France, Simone Micheline Bodin was described as "a freckle-faced rail worker's daughter from Brittany" before becoming a model. She was renamed and recreated by Jacques Fath, who told her "We already have a Simone; you look to me like a Bettina." Bodin was invited by Christian Dior to join his fashion house which she refused, choosing instead to work for Fath.
Bodin became one of the century's first supermodels, rivalled in the 1940s only by Barbara Goalen. She was associated with Lucien Lelong and Jacques Fath, but most importantly with Hubert de Givenchy, for whom she worked as a model and press agent. Givenchy named his first collection, which debuted in 1952, after her. One of his designs, the Byronesque "Bettina blouse", became a fashion icon in the early 1950s and inspired the bottle for the best-selling Givenchy perfume Amarige.
After a short marriage to Gilbert "Benno" Graziani (1922–2018), a French photographer and reporter, she became the companion of Peter Viertel, the American screenwriter. Later she was the fiancée of Prince Aly Khan, son of the Aga Khan III, who briefly was the United Nations ambassador from Pakistan.
She retired from modeling in 1955, after meeting Aly Khan. In 1960, Bettina, then pregnant with their child, survived the car accident that took the life of the prince; the shock of the accident later resulted in a miscarriage. After Khan's death, Bettina wrote the autobiography "Bettina par Bettina". She died at age 89 in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="6933480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933480" title="Wilczek Land">
Wilczek Land

Wilczek Land (; , ), is an island in the Arctic Ocean at . At it is the second-largest island in Franz Josef Land, in Arctic Russia.
This island should not be confused with the small Wilczek Island, "Остров Вильчека", located south-west of Salm Island, also in the Franz Josef group and named after the same person.
History.
The second largest island (after Zemlya Georga) in the Franz Josef Land archipelago is named after Austro-Hungarian Count Johann Nepomuk Wilczek. Although he himself never visited the archipelago, Count Hans Wilczek was the most important sponsor of the Austro-Hungarian North Pole Expedition to Franz Josef Land that discovered the island in 1873.
Cape Heller ("Mys Geller") () was the wintering site for two Norwegians, Paul Bjørvig and Bernt Bentsen, members of the 1898–99 Wellman Expedition, while their team led by Walter Wellman stayed in the main camp at Cape Tegetthoff on Hall Island to the south. Bentsen died during the winter, and Bjørvig kept the dead body of his friend in their joint sleeping bag for 55 days, until the rest of the team came to his rescue.
Geography.
Wilczek Land is the second largest island of the Franz Josef Archipelago, at 2203 km2. It is almost completely glacierized except for two narrow areas along its western shores. The highest point on the island is .
Cape Ganza ("Mys Ganza") is Wilczek Land's westernmost cape. The channel to the west, between Wilczek Land and Gallya, is known as "Avstriyskyy Proliv" (Австрийский пролив).
Glaciers and ice domes.
The "Kupol Arktirazvedki" (Купол Арктиразведки) ice dome covers the northeastern part of the island. On the western side of the Arktirazvedki ice dome there are two glaciers, the Stremitelny Glacier "(Lednik Stremitel’nyy)" "Rushing Glacier", and the Molochny Glacier "(Lednik Molochnyy)" "Milky Glacier" to its west, both having their terminus on the northern shore.
Further to the south the "Kupol Tindalya" (Купол Тиндаля) ice dome, named after Irish glaciologist John Tyndall, covers the eastern central area of the island. To the southwest of it flows the Znamenity Glacier ("Lednik Znamenityy"), which has its terminus on the southern coast, east of the "Cloudy Dome" "Kupol Oblachnyy" (Купол Облачный) ice dome at the southern end of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="6933481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933481" title="The Essentials (The Cars album)">
The Essentials (The Cars album)

The Essentials by The Cars is a compilation of hits released by WEA International in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="6933482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933482" title="Daniel (DC Comics)">
Daniel (DC Comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6933485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933485" title="Henry Weinstein">
Henry Weinstein



</doc>
<doc id="6933487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933487" title="Ostrov Vilcheka">
Ostrov Vilcheka



</doc>
<doc id="6933489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933489" title="Tama and Toledo Railroad">
Tama and Toledo Railroad

The Tama and Toledo Railroad was an interurban and freight railroad that connected its namesake cities of Tama and Toledo, Iowa. It was originally formed in 1893. It survived until 1953 as a freight carrier.
History.
The Tama and Toledo Railroad was first formed in 1893 as an interurban providing passenger service between Tama and Toledo, Iowa.
The company replaced its streetcars with buses on June 17, 1925.
The company went out of business on January 31, 1953, citing decreased freight revenues that made profitable operations impossible.
Preservation.
A Whitcomb locomotive that formerly operated on the Tama and Toledo was located and brought back to Toledo in 1998, following its purchase by a group of locals. The locomotive was to be restored and then placed on display in Toledo.

</doc>
<doc id="6933490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933490" title="New Jersey State Highway Route S3">
New Jersey State Highway Route S3



</doc>
<doc id="6933492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933492" title="Vilcheka">
Vilcheka



</doc>
<doc id="6933495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933495" title="Dominique Boeuf">
Dominique Boeuf

Dominique Boeuf (born 6 June 1968 at Maisons-Laffitte, France) is a jockey in Thoroughbred flat racing. He began his career while still a teen and won his first race on 15 September 1984. Three years later, he got his first Group One win aboard Groom Dancer in the 1987 Prix Lupin. From there, he went on to become the French flat racing Champion Jockey four times.
In 2003, Boeuf won the Air Mauritius / Beau Rivage International Jockeys Day.
Major wins.
 France
 United Kingdom
 Germany
 Hong Kong

</doc>
<doc id="6933498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933498" title="State Route S3 (New Jersey)">
State Route S3 (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6933501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933501" title="Colonel B">
Colonel B



</doc>
<doc id="6933509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933509" title="Bachelor's in Science of Business Administration">
Bachelor's in Science of Business Administration



</doc>
<doc id="6933513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933513" title="New Jersey Route S3">
New Jersey Route S3



</doc>
<doc id="6933514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933514" title="Coolbits 2.0">
Coolbits 2.0



</doc>
<doc id="6933516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933516" title="Soup to Nuts (TSR Episode)">
Soup to Nuts (TSR Episode)



</doc>
<doc id="6933519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933519" title="Greg Strydom">
Greg Strydom



</doc>
<doc id="6933525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933525" title="Zemlya Vilcheka">
Zemlya Vilcheka



</doc>
<doc id="6933526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933526" title="New Jersey State Route S3">
New Jersey State Route S3



</doc>
<doc id="6933528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933528" title="Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs">
Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs

The Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs (DAERA; initials pronounced as 'Dare-aa') (Irish: "An Roinn Talmhaíochta, Comhshaoil agus Gnóthaí Tuaithe"; Ulster Scots: "Depairtment o' Fairmin, Environment an' Kintra Matthers") is a government department in the Northern Ireland Executive, the devolved administration for Northern Ireland. The minister with overall responsibility for the department is the Minister of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs. The department was called the "Department of Agriculture and Rural Development" ("DARD") between 1999 and 2016. The Minister of Agriculture previously existed in the Government of Northern Ireland between 1921 and 1972, where the department was known as the "Ministry of Agriculture". The current Permanent Secretary is Katrina Godfrey.
Responsibilities.
DAERA has responsibility for food, farming, environmental, fisheries, forestry and sustainability policy, and the development of the rural sector in Northern Ireland. It assists in the sustainable development of the agri-food, environmental, fishing and forestry sectors of the economy (having regard for the needs of the consumers, the protection of human, animal and plant health, the welfare of animals and the conservation and enhancement of the environment). It provides a business development service, a veterinary service and the College of Agriculture, Food and Rural Enterprise (CAFRE), and is responsible to the UK Government's Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) for the administration of schemes affecting the whole of the United Kingdom and also oversees the application of European Union agricultural, environmental, fisheries and rural development policy to Northern Ireland. Its main counterpart in the Republic of Ireland is the Department of Agriculture, Food and the Marine.
The department has two executive agencies – the Northern Ireland Environment Agency (NIEA) and the Forest Service Northern Ireland – and also sponsors four non-departmental public bodies – the Agri-Food and Biosciences Institute (AFBI), the Agricultural Wages Board for Northern Ireland (AWB), the Livestock &amp; Meat Commission for Northern Ireland (LMC) and the Northern Ireland Fishery Harbour Authority (NIFHA).
DAERA is anecdotally known as the "Department of Agriculture" by many farmers and members of the public. Agriculture (and agricultural subsidies) has a more significant in the Northern Ireland economy than in the overall UK economy; the structure of agriculture is more similar to the sector in the Republic of Ireland. The future of agriculture is a major local issue in Brexit.
History.
As with the governance of Northern Ireland more generally, the history of the department and its predecessors can be divided into the following main periods:
The "Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction" (DATI), established by Sir Horace Plunkett, was responsible for agricultural policy for the whole island of Ireland under the Dublin Castle administration from 1899 onwards. A separate "Ministry of Agriculture" was established at the foundation of Northern Ireland in 1921, with Sir Edward Archdale as its initial minister. The last Act of the Parliament of Northern Ireland was the Agriculture (Abolition of County Committees) Act (Northern Ireland) 1972, which received royal assent on 28 March 1972.
The ministry was subsequently known as the "Department of Agriculture for Northern Ireland" under direct rule; Northern Ireland was included in the Common Agricultural Policy (the CAP) from January 1973, when the UK joined the European Union (EU). An agricultural ministry with an Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) minister, Leslie Morrell, was included in the cross-community Northern Ireland Executive (the 'Sunningdale Executive') which was briefly established in 1974.
Following a referendum on the Belfast Agreement in May 1998 and the granting of royal assent to the Northern Ireland Act 1998 in November 1998, a Northern Ireland Assembly and Northern Ireland Executive were established by the United Kingdom Government. The Department of Agriculture was renamed as the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (DARD) in December 1999 and granted a slightly reduced remit; responsibility for inland fisheries and waterways was transferred to the newly formed Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure (DCAL; pronounced as 'Dee-kaal'). Devolution was suspended for four periods, during which the department came under the responsibility of direct rule ministers from the Northern Ireland Office i.e. between 12 February 2000 and 30 May 2000; on 11 August 2001; on 22 September 2001; and (most significantly) between 15 October 2002 and 8 May 2007. Devolution was restored in May 2007.
The Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs (DAERA) was established in May 2016, following a reduction in the number of government departments under the Fresh Start Agreement. The main changes relating to its remit were as follows:
Devolution continued until all ministerial offices were vacated on 26 January 2017, due to a political dispute between the Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Féin.
Ministers.
Eight Ministers of Agriculture held office between 1921 and 1972, starting with Sir Edward Archdale and concluding with Harry West. During direct rule, ministers of the Northern Ireland Office were responsible for the department, including Lord Rooker and David Cairns. The following table indicates Ministers of Agriculture and Rural Development (between 1999 and 2016 inclusive) and the subsequent Minister of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs.
Finance.
The 2016–2017 Northern Ireland Executive budget allocated a £197.9 million resource budget to DAERA:
This represented a reduction from £209.8 million in the baseline budget i.e. the amount allocated for the work carried out by the previous departments with those responsibilities.
A further £48.8 million was allocated as capital expenditure:
The Common Agricultural Policy allocated £250.9 million in payments to farmers in Northern Ireland in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="6933537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933537" title="Business Computer Systems">
Business Computer Systems



</doc>
<doc id="6933538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933538" title="New Jersey State Highway S3">
New Jersey State Highway S3



</doc>
<doc id="6933540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933540" title="Richard Kaczynski">
Richard Kaczynski

Richard Kaczynski (born 1963) is an American writer and lecturer in the fields of social psychology, metaphysical beliefs and new religious movements. He is known for his biography of the occultist Aleister Crowley, "Perdurabo: The Life of Aleister Crowley", described by "The Times Literary Supplement" as "the major biography to date", and by Didrik Søderlind in the Norwegian daily "Aftenposten" as the best biography of Crowley.
Kaczynski is also a keyboard player for the band House of Usher.
Academic background.
Kaczynski holds a Bachelor of Science degree, master's degrees, and a PhD in social psychology from Wayne State University. He has held positions as assistant professor at Wayne State School of Medicine, research associate and affiliate at Yale University's Department of Psychiatry. He was also an adjunct instructor of orthodontics at the University of Detroit Mercy School of Dentistry.
He has published dozens of articles in academic peer-reviewed journals in areas ranging from national program evaluation of comprehensive work therapy, and multi-site clinical trials of treatment efficacy for bipolar disorder (STEP-BD), schizophrenia (CATIE) and Alzheimer's (CATIE).
Religious background.
Kaczynski has been a student of Thelema since 1977, and a lecturer on magic since 1990. Within OTO he has been a very active member, and has done editorial duties on several publications including "Neshamah" and the proceedings books for its US biennial national conference. He appeared on Canada's Drew Marshall radio show on June 25, 2011, where he was described as the "world’s leading expert on Aleister Crowley"
Works.
Kaczynski's occult writings have appeared in various magazines including "High Times", "The Magical Link", "Neshamah", "Cheth", "Mezlim", "Eidolon", and "Different Worlds". His medical and psychological writing has appeared in several publications in those fields.

</doc>
<doc id="6933541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933541" title="3rd Special Service Brigade">
3rd Special Service Brigade



</doc>
<doc id="6933546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933546" title="1737 English cricket season">
1737 English cricket season



</doc>
<doc id="6933549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933549" title="Mark J. Sullivan">
Mark J. Sullivan

Mark J. Sullivan is a former federal law enforcement agent who served as the 22nd Director of the United States Secret Service from May 31, 2006, to March 27, 2013. Sullivan succeeded W. Ralph Basham and was succeeded by Julia Pierson.
Early life.
Born to Francis and Clare Sullivan in Arlington, Massachusetts, Sullivan is the oldest of six children. He attended Saint Agnes School, then Arlington Catholic High School, and received his B.A. in criminal justice from Saint Anselm College in 1977. He is married to the former Laurie Bell and has three daughters. He is the uncle to Nathan Sullivan who is father of Lucy Sullivan.
Career.
Sullivan began his Secret Service career as a special agent assigned to the Detroit Field Office in 1983 after having served for five years as a special agent in the Office of the Inspector General for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. In 1990, Sullivan began working at the Fraud Division in Washington, D.C. One year later, in 1991, Sullivan was assigned to the Presidential Protective Division. In 1996, he was made Assistant Special Agent in Charge of the Office of Protective Operations. From 1997 to 1998 he was the resident agent in charge of the Columbus, Ohio, office. After being special agent in charge of the Counterfeit Division from 1998 to 1999, he returned to the Presidential Protective Division in 1999.
In July 2000, Sullivan was made a Deputy Assistant Director in the Office of Protective Operations. In 2002, he was reassigned to the position of Deputy Special Agent in Charge of the Vice Presidential Protective Division. A year later, he was reassigned to the position of Deputy Assistant Director, Office of Human Resources and Training. In 2006, Sullivan was appointed by George W. Bush to the position of Director of the Secret Service.
On February 1, 2013, Sullivan announced he was retiring after 30 years with the agency to be effective February 23.
After his retirement, Sullivan partnered with Noah Kroloff, Dennis Burke, David Aguilar, John Kaites and Jerry Reinsdorf to found Global Security and Innovative Strategies.
Scandal while director of the United States Secret Service.
In April 2012, a scandal involving the President's security detail received international press attention. The scandal involved 11 agents and more military personnel from all four branches who allegedly engaged prostitutes while assigned to protect President Barack Obama at the 6th Summit of the Americas in Cartagena, Colombia. As of April 24, nine employees had resigned or retired.
Starting June 30, 2011, agents on the Presidential Protection Detail were ordered to leave their posts and conduct surveillance on a neighbor of Lisa Chopey, Sullivan's assistant, in an operation named "Moonlighting". This continued for at least several days and according to some accounts, months. The neighbors eventually moved away, they said partly because of the intimidation.

</doc>
<doc id="6933551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933551" title="British 3rd Special Service Brigade">
British 3rd Special Service Brigade



</doc>
<doc id="6933555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933555" title="Daniel (comics)">
Daniel (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6933559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933559" title="Holy Oil">
Holy Oil



</doc>
<doc id="6933561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933561" title="2006 Arizona Cardinals season">
2006 Arizona Cardinals season

The 2006 season was the Arizona Cardinals' 87th in the National Football League (NFL), their 19th in Arizona and the third and final under head coach Dennis Green. The season began with the team trying to improve on their 5–11 record in 2005. They also moved into the Cardinals Stadium in Glendale, Arizona (one of the western suburbs of Phoenix), the first-ever stadium in the United States with a retractable playing surface. The stadium was christened University of Phoenix Stadium on September 26, and managed to sell out every home game. Despite a somewhat promising start, the team suffered a few setbacks, including key losses to the Dallas Cowboys and most memorably the eventual NFC Champion Chicago Bears, and ended the season (again) at a disappointing 5–11 record. Head coach Dennis Green was fired after the season, replaced by Ken Whisenhunt.
Offseason.
On March 12, 2006, the Cardinals acquired former Colts running back Edgerrin James through free agency, by signing him to a four-year, $30 million contract.
The Cardinals then selected the 2004 Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback Matt Leinart with the 10th pick of the 2006 NFL draft. Leinart played for the University of Southern California and won 1½ national championships with the team in 2003 and 2004.
Leinart missed the first two weeks of the 2006 Cardinals training camp (and the opening game of the preseason) due to prolonged contract negotiations, but on August 15, the "Arizona Republic", KTAR radio and ESPN reported that Leinart agreed to a six-year contract that could earn him a maximum of $51 million, according to his agent, Tom Condon. The contract reportedly contained $14 million in guaranteed money, and involved "escalator" clauses to increase Leinart's salary in the later years of the deal should he meet certain playing-time incentives.
The Cardinals also selected another USC alum, guard Taitusi "Deuce" Lutui in the 3rd round, followed by Georgia tight end Leonard Pope, Michigan defensive tackle Gabriel Watson, Louisville linebacker Brandon Johnson, Virginia Tech defensive tackle Jonathan Lewis, and Brigham Young wide receiver Todd Watkins. This as well as the duo Anquan Boldin and Larry Fitzgerald at wide receiver, eventually made the Cardinals a serious threat in the NFC West.
Schedule.
In the 2006 regular season, the Cardinals' non-divisional, conference opponents were primarily from the NFC North, although they also played the Dallas Cowboys from the NFC East, and the Atlanta Falcons from the NFC South. Their non-conference opponents were from the AFC West.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Regular season.
The Cardinals' Ring of Honor was started in 2006 to mark the opening of University of Phoenix Stadium. It honors former Cardinal greats from all eras of the franchise's history. Following is a list of inductees and the dates that they were inducted.
Week 1: vs. San Francisco 49ers.
The Cardinals opened the regular season at home against the San Francisco 49ers on September 10. This game was the inaugural regular season game played at Cardinals Stadium. In the first quarter, Niners QB Alex Smith and TE Vernon Davis scored the inaugural regular season TD in the new stadium as they connected on a 31-yard pass. The Cardinals responded, as QB Kurt Warner threw the first TD pass by a Cardinals player in the new stadium on a 2-yard strike to WR Troy Walters. Newly acquired RB Edgerrin James provided the first rushing touchdown in their new stadium on a 1-yard strike. Afterwards, Warner threw another TD pass, this time to WR Anquan Boldin. In the second quarter, Niners RB Frank Gore helped San Francisco get closer as he ran on a 4-yard TD play. Kicker Neil Rackers helped improve the Cardinals' lead, as he kicked a 36-yard field goal. In the third quarter, both sides each got a touchdown. S.F.’s Gore scored on a 2-yard run, while Arizona's Warner threw a 7-yard TD to TE Adam Bergen. In the fourth quarter, it was all field goals to end the game, as Niners kicker Joe Nedney kicked a 22-yard field goal. Then, Rackers helped Arizona on a 30-yard field goal. Even though Nedney kicked one more field goal for San Francisco (a 44-yarder), the Cardinals escaped with the win and a 1–0 start.
Week 2: at Seattle Seahawks.
For Week 2, the Cardinals flew to the Northwest to take on the defending NFC Champion Seattle Seahawks. From the get-go, the Cardinals trailed, as the opposing RB Shaun Alexander to score a TD on a 2-yard run. Then, Arizona allowed opposing QB Matt Hasselbeck to complete a 49-yard TD pass to WR Darrell Jackson. There wasn't any more scoring by either team for the remainder of the half. In the third quarter, the Cardinals finally got on the border with kicker Neil Rackers nailing a 43-yard field goal. However, Seattle managed to put the game away with FB Mack Strong's 3-yard TD run. The Cardinals got a TD, with QB Kurt Warner completing a 40-yard pass to WR Bryant Johnson, but the Seahawks were the better team and the Cardinals fell to 1–1.
Week 3: vs. St. Louis Rams.
The Cardinals returned home to face their third NFC West opponent, the St. Louis Rams. QB Kurt Warner drew first blood against his former team, as completed a 12-yard TD strike to WR Larry Fitzgerald for the only score of the first quarter. However, in the second quarter, it was all St. Louis. Kicker Jeff Wilkins got a 26-yard field goal, QB Marc Bulger completed a 9-yard pass to WR Torry Holt, and Wilkens got a 47-yard field goal as time ran out on the first half. In the third quarter, Wilkens helped the Rams increase their lead with a 21-yard field, which was the only score of the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, even a valiant effort for a comeback, the only score that Arizona could muster was a 6-yard TD run by RB Edgerrin James. After a Bulger fumble deep in St. Louis territory while trying to run out the clock set up the Cardinals for an easy chip shot field goal to win, Warner fumbled a snap and St. Louis recovered to seal the victory. Adding to Warner's three interceptions, the Cardinals got their first loss in their new stadium as they fell to 1–2. A few days afterward, ESPN reported that rookie QB Matt Leinart would be starting the next game. However, the next day, Arizona's head coach announced that the club would be sticking with the veteran Warner.
Week 4: at Atlanta Falcons.
Hoping to recover from a two-game skid, the Cardinals flew to the Georgia Dome for a Week 4 match-up with the Atlanta Falcons. From the get-go, the Cardinals trailed, as Falcons kicker Morten Andersen completed a 34-yard and a 40-yard field goal in the opening period. The Cardinals responded with a 29-yard field goal by kicker Neil Rackers. In the second quarter, Arizona continued to trail, as Koenan belted a 51-yard field goal for Atlanta. The Cardinals struck back with SS Adrian Wilson returning an interception 99 yards for a touchdown, but that was the only time that the Cardinals saw the lead, as Andersen got a 36-yard field goal to give the Falcons the lead at halftime. In the second half, the Cardinals got shot down and shut-out, as Atlanta scored 20 unanswered points (Andersen's 26-yard field goal, CB DeAngelo Hall's 37-yard interception return in the third quarter, rookie RB Jerious Norwood's 78-yard TD run and Andersen's 28-yard field goal in the fourth quarter). Not even QB Matt Leinart, who replaced QB Kurt Warner in the fourth quarter, could save Arizona from dropping their third straight game, as the Cardinals fell to 1–3. The game showed just how much the Cardinals had to improve their offensive line, as they were whipped for the whole game by the Falcons defensive line.
Week 5: vs. Kansas City Chiefs.
The Cardinals hosted a close contest with the Kansas City Chiefs. The game was the first at the newly christened University of Phoenix Stadium, which signed its naming rights deal with the Cardinals two days after Arizona's last home game vs. St. Louis.
The Cards started off hot as Matt Leinart, making his first NFL start, threw two touchdowns in the first quarter to his two top targets, Anquan Boldin and Larry Fitzgerald. The Chiefs responded early in the second quarter with a 45-yard field goal by kicker Lawrence Tynes, and a touchdown pass from quarterback Damon Huard to running back Larry Johnson. Cards kicker Neil Rackers added a 41-yard field at the end of the first half.
Another Rackers field goal, this time from 45 yards, accounted for the only score in the third quarter. The Chiefs then scored 13 unanswered points to win the game, with a touchdown pass from Huard to Samie Parker, and two field goals by Tynes (40, 19). Tynes' last field goal was set up by a 78-yard screen pass from Huard to Johnson. Johnson suffered a sprained neck at the end of the play on a violent face mask tackle by Cards' cornerback Antrel Rolle, who was fined $12,500 for the penalty.
A last second 51-yard field goal attempt by Rackers to send the game to overtime failed, giving the Cards their fourth straight loss. During the game Larry Fitzgerald pulled a hamstring and missed 3 games, returning Week 10 against Dallas.
Week 6: vs. Chicago Bears.
The Cards came out smoking early as QB Matt Leinart for the second straight week threw two touchdown passes in the first quarter, connecting with wide receivers Bryant Johnson and Anquan Boldin. Cards K Neil Rackers converted field goals of 41 and 28 yards respectively to give the Cards a seemingly insurmountable 20–0 halftime lead. During a halftime ceremony former St. Louis Cardinals tackle Dan Dierdorf was inducted into the stadium's ring of honor. The Cards held Bears QB Rex Grossman in check, forcing him into six turnovers (four interceptions and two fumbles). Bears K Robbie Gould drilled a 23-yard field goal midway through the third quarter for the Bears only offensive points of the night. Cards K Rackers responded with a 29-yard field goal of his own to extend the lead to 23–3. The Bears went on to score 21 unanswered points on defense and special teams, two fumble recoveries by Mike Brown and Charles Tillman respectively, and an 82-yard punt return touchdown by rookie Devin Hester. Cards K Rackers was set up to win the game with a 40-yard field goal in the waning minutes, but the kick sailed wide left and they dropped to 1–5 on the season.
The loss marked the first time in history that a team blew a 20-point lead to an opponent who did not score any offensive touchdowns. At the post-game press conference, coach Dennis Green erupted at reporters. "The Bears are who we thought they were! That's why we took the damn field! Now, if you want to crown them, then crown their ass! But they are who we thought they were, and we let them off the hook!" He then smacked the microphone before storming out of the room. The clip quickly became a highlight of sports shows and popular online. (An edited version of the clip is being used in current Coors Light advertisements).
Chicago Bears QB Rex Grossman told Cardinals QB Matt Leinart after the game that Arizona deserved to have won that game.
Week 7: at Oakland Raiders.
Hoping to end their horrendous five-game skid, the Cardinals traveled to McAfee Coliseum to face the Oakland Raiders. The Raiders came into the game at 0–5, the only winless team in the NFL. This was the Cardinals’ first game under new offensive coordinator Mike Kruczek, who replaced the fired Keith Rowen in the wake of Arizona's meltdown in the fourth quarter of the game against Chicago.
Arizona had visited Oakland only once before. The Cardinals won 34–31 on an overtime field goal by Bill Gramatica on December 2, 2001. The Raiders won the last meeting with the Cardinals, 41–20 at Sun Devil Stadium on November 24, 2002.
In the first quarter, the Cards string of bad luck continued to haunt them, as Raiders RB ReShard Lee got a 1-yard TD run, while QB Andrew Walter threw a 32-yard TD pass to WR Randy Moss. In the second quarter, both teams swapped field goals. Oakland kicker Sebastian Janikowski got a 31-yard field goal, while Arizona kicker Neil Rackers nailed a 29-yard try. In the third quarter, the Raiders continued to pour on the points, as Janikowski got a 35-yard field goal, while Defensive Tackle Terdell Sands tackles Cardinals RB Marcel Shipp at the goal line for a safety. The only response Arizona could bring up was Rackers kicking a 45-yard field goal. He kicked one more in the fourth quarter (38-yarder), but that was all that the Cardinals produced as they dropped their sixth straight game.
Week 8: at Green Bay Packers.
The Cards visited Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin to take on the Packers. Arizona had not visited Lambeau Field since a 49–24 loss in the final game of the 1999 season on January 2, 2000. The Cardinals defeated the Packers 20–13 in the last meeting between the teams on September 21, 2003, at Sun Devil Stadium. Their 2003 victory stayed as a memory, as the Cardinals dropped their seventh straight game, heading into their bye week at 1–7.
In the wake of this loss, concern for the remainder of the once-promising season was so strong, DE Bertrand Berry led a players-only meeting at the Cardinals HQ in Tempe on November 7. Some days earlier, Berry openly questioned his teammates' commitment to success during an interview on a local radio program.
Week 10: vs. Dallas Cowboys.
Coming off their Bye Week, the Cardinals went home for a Week 10 fight with their former rival the Dallas Cowboys. In the first quarter, Arizona trailed early as kicker Mike Vanderjagt nailed a 28-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Cardinals' year-long struggles continued as QB Tony Romo completed a 30-yard TD pass to WR Patrick Crayton. The Cards responded with a 28-yard field goal by kicker Neil Rackers. Afterwards, Vanderjagt gave the Cowboys some breathing room with a 38-yard field goal as time ran out on the half. In the third quarter, things continued to get worse for Arizona as Romo completed a 51-yard TD pass to WR Terrell Owens for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Dallas wrapped up the game with RB Marion Barber's 5-yard TD run. The Cardinals got a touchdown as QB Matt Leinart got a 3-yard TD run. However, the Cards dropped their eighth straight game and fell to 1–8.
Week 11: vs. Detroit Lions.
Trying to end their eight-game skid, the Cardinals stayed at home for a Week 11 fight with the Detroit Lions. After a scoreless first quarter, the Cards struck first in the second quarter with QB Matt Leinart completing a 2-yard TD pass to WR Bryant Johnson. Afterwards, kicker Neil Rackers nailed a 36-yard field goal for Arizona. In the third quarter, Leinart scored on a 9-yard run to give the Cardinals a 17–0 lead. However, the Lions started to creep back into the game. It started with kicker Jason Hanson's 32-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Detroit started to threaten Arizona's lead as RB Arlen Harris got a 1-yard TD run. The Cardinals' defense held up for the win. Not only did the Cardinals improve to 2–8, but they also snapped their eight-game losing streak.
Week 12: at Minnesota Vikings.
Coming off of their home win over the Lions, the Cardinals flew to the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome for a Week 12 fight with the Minnesota Vikings. This game was noted for the return of head coach Green to Minnesota where he coached from 1992 to 2001. On the very first play of the first quarter, RB J.J. Arrington returned a kickoff 99 yards for a touchdown. The Vikings responded with RB Chester Taylor's 1-yard TD run. In the second quarter, Cards kicker Neil Rackers gave Arizona a 21-yard and a 50-yard field goal for a decent lead. However, the Vikes took the lead with QB Brad Johnson's 17-yard TD pass to WR Marcus Robinson. In the third quarter, more of the Cardinals' year-long ineffectiveness showed as Johnson completed a 9-yard TD pass to WR Billy McMullen, while kicker Ryan Longwell nailed a 40-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Minnesota improved its lead on Johnson's 3-yard TD pass to FB Jeff Dugan. Afterwards, Arizona tried to fight back as Strong Safety Adrian Wilson returned a fumble 99 yards for a touchdown, yet it was followed up by a failed two-point conversion. Afterwards, QB Matt Leinart completed a 9-yard TD pass to WR Anquan Boldin. Afterwards, the Vikings wrapped up the game and won. With the loss, the Cardinals fell to 2–9.
Week 13: at St. Louis Rams.
The Cards visited the Edward Jones Dome in St. Louis (the team's former home) to take on the Rams. The Cardinals won by a score of 34–20. QB Matt Leinart was 15-for-24 for 186 yards and one touchdown; RB Edgerrin James' had his 50th career 100-yard rushing game, and RB Marcel Shipp scored three touchdowns. The Cardinals moved up to 3–9 and they finally managed to acquire their very first road win of the season.
Week 14: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
Coming of their road win over the Rams, the Cardinals went home for an NFC West rematch with the Seattle Seahawks. In the first quarter, the Cards drew first blood with QB Matt Leinart completing a 56-yard TD pass to WR Bryant Johnson, while RB Edgerrin James (who ran for 115 yards on the day) got a 7-yard TD run. The Seahawks responded with QB Matt Hasselbeck's 23-yard TD pass to WR D.J. Hackett. In the second quarter, the Big Red increased its lead with kicker Neil Rackers getting a 32-yard field goal, yet Seattle responded with Hasselbeck's 5-yard TD pass to WR Nate Burleson. In the third quarter, Arizona temporarily lost the lead as Hasselbeck completed a 2-yard TD pass to WR Darrell Jackson for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, Arizona reclaimed the lead and won with Leinart's 5-yard TD pass to WR Larry Fitzgerald and Rackers' 40-yard field goal. With the upset win, the Cardinals improved to 4–9.
Week 15: vs. Denver Broncos.
Trying to snap a four-game losing skid, the Broncos flew to the University of Phoenix Stadium for a Week 15 interconference fight with the Arizona Cardinals. The last time these two teams met each other, Denver won 37–7 at Invesco Field at Mile High on December 29, 2002. This time, it was a battle of rookie quarterbacks as Matt Leinart went up against Jay Cutler. Former Cardinals quarterback Jake Plummer had been reduced to a backup, and he never saw action against his former team.
In the first quarter, the Cardinals trailed early as Cutler completed a 54-yard TD pass to WR Javon Walker and kicker Jason Elam nailed a 30-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Arizona trailed even further with Elam's 22-yard field goal. The Cardinals scored as kicker Neil Rackers nailed a 49-yard field goal and DE Antonio Smith returned a fumble 4 yards for a touchdown. However, Denver managed to get one last field goal before halftime as Elam kicked a 30-yard field goal. In the third quarter, more struggles continued as Cutler completed a 10-yard TD pass to WR Rod Smith. Arizona responded with Rackers' 38-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Broncos continued their pounding on the Cards with RB Mike Bell's 1-yard TD run. Even though the Cardinals got a 4-yard TD run by RB Edgerrin James, Denver wrapped up Cutler's first NFL win with another 1-yard TD run by Mike Bell. With the loss, Arizona fell to 4–10.
Week 16: at San Francisco 49ers.
Hoping to rebound from their home loss to the Broncos, the Cardinals flew to Monster Park for an NFC West rematch with the San Francisco 49ers. In the first quarter, the 49ers struck first with kicker Joe Nedney nailing a 49-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Cards took the lead with kicker Neil Rackers getting a 25-yard field goal and RB Marcel Shipp getting a 5-yard TD run. In the second quarter, Arizona increased its lead with rookie QB Matt Leinart completing a 6-yard TD pass to WR Larry Fitzgerald, while Rackers kicked a 39-yard field goal. Afterwards, San Francisco responded with Nedney kicking a 32-yard field goal. In the third quarter, the 49ers started to retaliate with RB Frank Gore getting a 2-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, the Cards increased its lead with Rackers kicking a 37-yard and a 32-yard field goal. Even though the Niners got another score as Gore managed to get a 1-yard TD run, Arizona held on to sweep San Francisco. With the win, the Cardinals improved to 5–10.
Week 17: at San Diego Chargers.
Trying to end their lackluster season on a high note, the Cardinals played their last game of the year at Qualcomm Stadium against the playoff-bound San Diego Chargers. In the first quarter, Arizona struck first with RB Edgerrin James getting an 8-yard TD run, yet the Chargers managed to get a 47-yard field goal from kicker Nate Kaeding. In the second quarter, the Cards' year-long ineffectiveness continued to show as QB Philip Rivers completed a 33-yard TD pass to TE Antonio Gates and a 14-yard TD pass to WR Vincent Jackson. In the third quarter, San Diego wrapped up the game with LB Tim Dobbins recovering a fumble the Cardinals' endzone for a touchdown, while Kaeding kicked a 35-yard field goal. Afterwards, Arizona tried to make a comeback and it started with kicker Neil Rackers getting a 28-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Cards continued with their attempt at a comeback as QB Kurt Warner completed a 9-yard TD pass to WR Larry Fitzgerald and a 20-yard field goal by Rackers. However, their comeback fell short. With the loss, the Cardinals ended their season at 5–11, and with head coach Dennis Green's dismissal.

</doc>
<doc id="6933566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933566" title="Canadian Arctic islands">
Canadian Arctic islands



</doc>
<doc id="6933569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933569" title="NJ S3">
NJ S3



</doc>
<doc id="6933571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933571" title="Juan de la Bodega">
Juan de la Bodega



</doc>
<doc id="6933572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933572" title="NJ-S3">
NJ-S3



</doc>
<doc id="6933578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933578" title="Joseph Fleuriau d'Armenonville">
Joseph Fleuriau d'Armenonville

Joseph Jean Baptiste Fleuriau, seigneur d'Armenonville (22 January 1661 – 27 November 1728) was a French politician.
Fleuriau d'Armenonville was born in Paris and obtained a place in government service in 1683 through his brother-in-law, Claude Le Peletier de Morfontaine, then Controller-General of Finances. He served in the financial administration until 1689 when he purchased a post as councillor serving with the Parlement at Metz. He returned to the finance in 1701 when he was named as director-general of finances, holding the sinecures of "bailli and captain" of Chartres. In 1705 he was appointed to the senior grade of Conseiller d'État.
In 1716, he was appointed Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a post which was then without any responsibilities as foreign affairs were in fact directed by the Cardinal Dubois. Fleuriau d'Armenonville arranged to have the post pass to his son, Charles Jean Baptiste Fleuriau de Morville (Charles, Count of Morville), who duly took over responsibility for foreign affairs from 16 August 1723, following the death of Cardinal Dubois.
Fleuriau d'Armenonville became Secretary of State for the Navy on 24 September 1718, taking over responsibility from the council led by Louis-Alexandre de Bourbon, Comte de Toulouse, who resigned from the regency, which had previously directed affairs under the polysynody. He remained in office until 1722 when his son Charles took up the post. On leaving the Navy ministry, he became keeper of the seals, holding that office until he resigned on 14 August 1727.
Fleuriau d'Armenonville purchased the Château de Rambouillet from the duc d'Uzès in 1699 for 140,000 livres. He spent half a million livres on works, but sold to the Count of Toulouse in 1706, receiving in return half a million livres and the post of master of the hunt in the Bois de Boulogne and surrounds, an office which brought with it the use of the Château de Madrid.
Fleuriau d'Armenonville's son Charles Jean Baptiste, Count of Morville, followed him in government service.

</doc>
<doc id="6933581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933581" title="Education in Norwalk, Connecticut">
Education in Norwalk, Connecticut

There are an assortment of public, private, and parochial schools in Norwalk, Connecticut.
Post-secondary education.
There are four post-secondary schools within the city of Norwalk:
There are also other post-secondary schools in nearby towns.
The Norwalk Hospital runs an internship program associated with the Yale School of Medicine and a nursing program associated with Norwalk Community College.
Norwalk Public Schools.
Norwalk Public Schools is the school district serving Norwalk, Connecticut.
It operates the following high schools:
Charter school.
The Side by Side Community School is a charter school that is located in South Norwalk and serves grades pre-K through 8th. It was started in 1997, soon after Connecticut's charter school law went into effect, by a group of public educators. This regional school serves students from Norwalk as well as from surrounding towns.
Parochial.
The All Saints Catholic School, serves grades pre-K through 8th. It is operated by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgeport which consolidated three previous Norwalk elementary schools (St. Thomas, St. Philips, and St. Mary's) and closed the former Central Catholic High School to open the All Saints in the former Central Catholic High building on West Rocks Road.
The Congregation Beth El on East Avenue runs the Nitzan preschool as well as the Navasky Hebrew school for part-time religious instruction of children who are enrolled full-time in other elementary schools.
Connecticut Friends School, established as a K–8 school in 1998, purchased the White Barn Theatre in the Cranbury neighborhood in northeast Norwalk in 2008. The Quaker school planned to build a new solar-powered campus on the property with occupancy expected by the fall of 2009 for grades K-8. The expansion plans were abandoned in 2015, when "the Board of Directors was forced by declining enrollment to limit the size of the school to the preschool, ages 2-5".
Private.
Since September 2004 the Montessori Middle School for grades 5-8 has been in Norwalk and is currently at 24 Lois Street (off of Westport Avenue). It is associated with The Montessori School for elementary grades in nearby Wilton.
Since September 2007 the Winston Preparatory School of New York City has operated a branch campus along West Rocks Road in Norwalk. The school specializes in students with learning differences in grades 4 through 12.

</doc>
<doc id="6933582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933582" title="Anaseed">
Anaseed



</doc>
<doc id="6933588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933588" title="1960 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season">
1960 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season

The 1960 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season was the 12th F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship Grand Prix season. The season consisted of seven Grand Prix races in five classes: 500cc, 350cc, 250cc, 125cc and Sidecars 500cc. It began on 22 May, with French Grand Prix and ended with Nations Grand Prix in Italy on September 11.
Standings.
Scoring system.
Points were awarded to the top six finishers in each race. Only the four best races were counted in all five classes: the Sidecars, 125cc, 250cc, 350cc and 500cc championships.
125cc.
Constructors' standings.
Each constructor is awarded the same number of points as their best placed rider in each race.

</doc>
<doc id="6933591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933591" title="C. H. Collins Athletic Complex">
C. H. Collins Athletic Complex

CH Collins Stadium is a 12,000-capacity multi-use stadium in Denton, Texas. The stadium is used mostly for high school football and soccer. In the offseason of 2013, the field was upgraded with new artificial turf.
In the media.
In 2007, Under Armour filmed part of a popular commercial series called "Click-Clack" at the athletic complex.
Radio and television.
A nationally televised game between Southlake Carroll High School and Denton Ryan High School was aired on Fox Sports Network on Thursday, Oct. 13, 2005. Select Denton ISD games played at C.H. Collins are broadcast on KNTU-FM (88.1 The One) and the Denton ISD Television Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="6933595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933595" title="National Museum of Eritrea">
National Museum of Eritrea

The National Museum of Eritrea is a national museum in Asmara, Eritrea. Established in 1992 by Woldeab Woldemariam, it was originally located in the former Governor's Palace until 1997, when it was moved. The venue has since been relocated to the former Comboni Sisters School for Women.
The function of the National Museum of Eritrea is to promote Eritrean history, both within the country and abroad. It also aims to investigate new archaeological sites, and to explore the country's history. In 1996, Eritrea's central government nominated the following six sites to be considered as UNESCO World Heritage Sites: Adulis, Dahlak Kebir, Matara, Nakfa and Qohaito.
Background.
North-central Eritrea was the coastal region of the Ethiopian Empire until 1889. Italian colonial occupation of northern Ethiopia began during the 1880s, out of which Italian Eritrea was formally created in 1890, following the death of Emperor Yohannes. It was ruled by Italy until 1941, after which it was taken over by the British. Eritrea was placed under British administration for about 11 years, then returned to Ethiopia in 1952 after a referendum. The emperor Haile Selassie agreed to a federation at first, created from a referendum combining them, but later changed course and in 1962 made it into the 14th province of the country under centralist rule. Eritreans were unhappy with this unilateral action. Haile Selassie's rule became increasingly repressive in Eritrea and all across the empire. Ethiopia had a revolution in 1974 overthrowing the monarch, after which the first Head of State of Ethiopia was Eritrean Brigadier General Aman Michael Andom. He was assassinated a few months later, and the country became a socialist military dictatorship in 1975. The Eritrean Liberation Front fought against the Ethiopian government starting in 1961, followed by the Eritrean People's Liberation Front, until winning (de facto) independence in 1991. All the artifacts which were originally present in Ethiopian National Museum were shifted to Ferdinando Martini Museum. After independence from Ethiopia, the contents were displayed in Governor's palace. During 1992, UNESCO funded the establishment of the National Museum of Eritrea, shifting all the artifacts to the new museum. They also trained the staff of preservation. The Museum is administered by the Ministry of Culture.
Functions.
The museum was established in 1992 in the national capital of Asmara, following Eritrea's independence the year before. It is located in the centre of the city. The museum stores historical artifacts of Eritrea, and exhibits cultural items and collections from local sites. It conducts archaeological surveys and excavations at various local sites. The museum also holds artifacts related to contemporary history of Eritrea. Due to the exigencies of border war and the political instability, the museum was in a state of neglect as of 2010. The contemporary collections have predominant collections of the freedom fighters of the nation and paintings depicting the struggle.

</doc>
<doc id="6933601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933601" title="Department of Enterprise Trade and Investment">
Department of Enterprise Trade and Investment



</doc>
<doc id="6933605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933605" title="Just diatonic semitone">
Just diatonic semitone



</doc>
<doc id="6933606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933606" title="Leeds school of business">
Leeds school of business



</doc>
<doc id="6933608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933608" title="Septimal diatonic semitone">
Septimal diatonic semitone

In music, a septimal diatonic semitone (or major diatonic semitone) is the interval 15:14 . It is about 119.44 cents. The septimal diatonic semitone may be derived from the harmonic series as the interval between the fourteenth and fifteenth harmonics (B7b and B).
The septimal diatonic semitone equals a just diatonic semitone (16:15, or 111.73 cents) plus a septimal kleisma (the interval 225:224, or 7.71 cents).

</doc>
<doc id="6933615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933615" title="State Highway Route S4A (New Jersey)">
State Highway Route S4A (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6933627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933627" title="Burn Berlin Burn">
Burn Berlin Burn



</doc>
<doc id="6933628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933628" title="New Jersey State Highway Route S4A">
New Jersey State Highway Route S4A



</doc>
<doc id="6933635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933635" title="State Route S4A (New Jersey)">
State Route S4A (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6933636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933636" title="Élie Lellouche">
Élie Lellouche

Élie Lellouche (born 5 March 1952 in Tunis) is a French trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses and jockeys.
After having modest success as a jockey, in 1979 Lellouche obtained his horse trainer's license. He had reasonable achievements and built a reputation good enough that in the 1990s the prominent Wildenstein Stables shifted forty-two of their horses from André Fabre to Lellouche's care. The move brought considerable success and raised his reputation even further that helped attract other owners to bring quality horses to his training facilities at Chantilly.
For Spanish owner/breeder Enrique Sarasola, Lellouche trained Helissio, the 1996 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner. More recently, the Wildenstein Stable's colt, Westerner, became the first French-trained winner of Britain's Ascot Gold Cup in almost thirty years and was voted the Cartier Racing Award as Europe's Top Stayer in 2004 and 2005.
Lellouche is also known for coaching successful French jockey Dominique Boeuf.
Major wins.
 France
 Great Britain
 Hong Kong
 Italy

</doc>
<doc id="6933637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933637" title="The Demon's Quest">
The Demon's Quest



</doc>
<doc id="6933640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933640" title="Baron Donaldson of Kingsbridge">
Baron Donaldson of Kingsbridge



</doc>
<doc id="6933645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933645" title="New Jersey Route S4A">
New Jersey Route S4A



</doc>
<doc id="6933650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933650" title="New Jersey State Route S4A">
New Jersey State Route S4A



</doc>
<doc id="6933654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933654" title="New Jersey State Highway S4A">
New Jersey State Highway S4A



</doc>
<doc id="6933658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933658" title="NJ S4A">
NJ S4A



</doc>
<doc id="6933660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933660" title="NJ-S4A">
NJ-S4A



</doc>
<doc id="6933662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933662" title="Cadenazzo">
Cadenazzo

Cadenazzo is a municipality in the district of Bellinzona, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 13 March 2005 the formerly independent municipality of Robasacco was absorbed into Cadenazzo.
History.
Cadenazzo is first mentioned in 1335 as "Catenacii", when the "hospitallis de Cadenazio" was mentioned. The existence of a medieval castle is in doubt. The collegiate church of San Pietro in Bellinzona owned part of the village by 1438. The chapel of S. Pietro Martire in Cadenazzo may have been built in the 13th century, but the earliest mention of the chapel is from 1363. However, the chapel has not survived into the modern era and its location is unknown. In 1442, Cadenazzo separated from the mother church of Bellinzona joined the parish of the neighboring village of S. Antonino. They remained part of a joint parish until 1830.
Agriculture, once dominant, but not very profitable, is still common in the Magadino valley. Crop yields increased after the correction of Ticino river. Since 1973, Cadenazzo has been home to a branch of the Swiss Federal Research Station for Agroecology and Agriculture. Due to some industrial enterprises, shops and warehouses in the vicinity of the train station, Cadenazzo draw commuters from surrounding communities.
Geography.
Cadenazzo has an area, , of . Of this area, or 29.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 24.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 14.9% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.3% is either rivers or lakes and or 1.2% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 3.7% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 4.9% and transportation infrastructure made up 5.1%. Out of the forested land, 22.8% of the total land area is heavily forested and 1.1% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 20.8% is used for growing crops, while 3.8% is used for orchards or vine crops and 4.9% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 1.1% is unproductive vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Bellinzona district, along a road along the north foot of the Monte Ceneri.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms after 2005 is "Azure a pale argent and overall a castellated gateway between two turrets party per pale gules and or." The two previous coats of arms which this replaced were, for Cadenazzo: "Azure a pale argent and overall a castellated gateway between two turrets gules"; and for Robasacco: "Azure an arm embowed vested gules issuant from the dexter holding a moneybag or".
Demographics.
Cadenazzo has a population () of . , 36.2% of the population are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 18.9%. Most of the population () speaks Italian (81.4%), with German being second most common ( 5.2%) and Albanian being third ( 3.3%).
Of the Swiss national languages (), 92 speak German 27 people speak French, 1,417 people speak Italian, and 1 person speaks Romansh. The remainder (218 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.2% male and 48.8% female. The population was made up of 749 Swiss men (31.9% of the population), and 453 (19.3%) non-Swiss men. There were 759 Swiss women (32.3%), and 386 (16.4%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 15 live births to Swiss citizens and 5 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 10 deaths of Swiss citizens and 3 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 5 while the foreign population increased by 2. There were 2 Swiss men who emigrated from Switzerland to another country, 2 Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland to another country, 13 non-Swiss men who emigrated from Switzerland to another country and 12 non-Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland to another country. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was an increase of 76 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 3 people. This represents a population growth rate of 3.3%.
The age distribution, , in Cadenazzo is; 256 children or 10.9% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 255 teenagers or 10.9% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 333 people or 14.2% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 330 people or 14.1% are between 30 and 39, 427 people or 18.2% are between 40 and 49, and 345 people or 14.7% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 196 people or 8.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 115 people or 4.9% are between 70 and 79, there are 90 people or 3.8% who are over 80.
, there were 741 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.4 persons per household. there were 274 single family homes (or 67.7% of the total) out of a total of 405 inhabited buildings. There were 55 two family buildings (13.6%) and 41 multi-family buildings (10.1%). There were also 35 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 1.33%. there were 805 apartments in the municipality. Of these apartments, a total of 683 apartments (84.8% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 99 apartments (12.3%) were seasonally occupied and 23 apartments (2.9%) were empty. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 293. There were 27 single room apartments and 134 apartments with five or more rooms. , the construction rate of new housing units was 28.6 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 38.74% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (23.01%), the Ticino League (13.22%) and the SP (11.64%). In the federal election, a total of 479 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 42.3%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 1,113 registered voters in Cadenazzo, of which 731 or 65.7% voted. 11 blank ballots and 1 null ballots were cast, leaving 719 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 252 or 35.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 124 or 17.2%), the SSI (with 118 or 16.4%) and the LEGA (with 94 or 13.1%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, there were 5 blank ballots and 2 null ballots, which left 724 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 236 or 32.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 152 or 21.0%), the PPD (with 130 or 18.0%) and the SSI (with 88 or 12.2%).
Economy.
, Cadenazzo had an unemployment rate of 5.58%. , there were 83 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 20 businesses involved in this sector. 181 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 27 businesses in this sector. 634 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 112 businesses in this sector.
There were 897 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 36.8% of the workforce. , there were 917 workers who commuted into the municipality and 600 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 1.5 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. About 13.0% of the workforce coming into Cadenazzo are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 8.4% used public transportation to get to work, and 52.7% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Cadenazzo.
Religion.
From the , 1,298 or 74.0% were Roman Catholic, while 95 or 5.4% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 302 individuals (or about 17.21% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 60 individuals (or about 3.42% of the population) did not answer the question.
Climate.
Between 1961 and 1990 Cadenazzo had an average of 103 days of rain or snow per year and on average received of precipitation. The wettest month was May during which time Magadino received an average of of rain or snow. During this month there was precipitation for an average of 12.9 days. The driest month of the year was December with an average of of precipitation over 5.5 days.
Education.
In Cadenazzo about 55.2% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Cadenazzo there are a total of 440 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Cadenazzo there are 62 children in kindergarten.
The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 137 students attend the standard primary schools and 11 students attend the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There are 119 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 19 students are in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student).
There are 22 vocational students who are attending school full-time and 67 who attend part-time. The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There are 2 students in the professional program.
, there were 308 students in Cadenazzo who came from another municipality, while 67 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Transportation.
The municipality has a railway station, . It is located on the Cadenazzo–Luino and Giubiasco–Locarno lines and has regular service to , , , , and .

</doc>
<doc id="6933670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933670" title="Camorino">
Camorino

Camorino is a former municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
On 2 April 2017 the former municipalities of Claro, Giubiasco, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged into the municipality of Bellinzona.
History.
From time immemorial the inhabitants of Isone regularly crossed the Tiglio alpine pass to arrive in the Camorino area, where they owned vineyards and arable land. Over the centuries, many of them finally created a village. Camorino is first mentioned in 1237 as part of the lands of the collegiate church of S. Pietro in Bellinzona. A church is mentioned in the village in 1237 and 1285, but no visible traces have been preserved. The existing parish church of San Martino was built in 1553 and completely renovated in 1888. In 1583, the village church split from the Bellinzona parish and was confirmed in 1591 as a separate parish.
In 1853 a defensive line between Sementina and Camorino was built to create jobs for the citizen of Ticino expelled from the Kingdom of Lombardy–Venetia. The "Fortini della fame", five round towers with arrow slits in the upper part, is part of these fortifications.
Camorino was originally a pure farming village (raising mostly grapes, strawberries and livestock) with some handicraft, trade and light industry (manufacturing knitwear and pasta as well as a mill). Due to the lack of jobs, some of whose inhabitants emigrated to America. The population growth coincides with the growth of the cities of Giubiasco and Bellinzona. Today it is a residential community with many commuters, with no large industrial companies and with very little agriculture.
Geography.
Camorino has an area, , of . Of this area, or 23.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 67.0% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 12.7% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.6% is either rivers or lakes and or 1.8% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 6.5% and transportation infrastructure made up 4.3%. Out of the forested land, 63.9% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.8% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 11.4% is used for growing crops, while 5.4% is used for orchards or vine crops and 6.5% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 1.7% is unproductive vegetation and .
The municipality is located in the Bellinzona district, and is a suburb of Bellinzona. The village is crossed by several major roads and rail lines leading into Bellinzona.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules on a Base Argent wavy two bars wavy Azure and overall a Mill Wheel Or". The mill wheel refers to the "Maglio", a mill which, with another house, remained undamaged after a landslide that destroyed the rest of the village."
Demographics.
Camorino has a population () of . , 16.1% of the population are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 17.7%. Most of the population () speaks Italian(89.6%), with German being second most common ( 5.3%) and French being third ( 1.2%).
Of the Swiss national languages (), 117 speak German 26 people speak French, 1,981 people speak Italian, and 2 people speak Romansh. The remainder (84 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.4% male and 49.6% female. The population was made up of 1,088 Swiss men (40.2% of the population), and 275 (10.2%) non-Swiss men. There were 1,139 Swiss women (42.1%), and 204 (7.5%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 27 live births to Swiss citizens and 1 birth to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 24 deaths of Swiss citizens and 3 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 3 while the foreign population decreased by 2. There was 1 Swiss man and 1 Swiss woman who emigrated from Switzerland to another country, 9 non-Swiss men who emigrated from Switzerland to another country and 5 non-Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland to another country. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was an increase of 26 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 19 people. This represents a population growth rate of 1.8%.
The age distribution, , in Camorino is; 303 children or 11.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 272 teenagers or 10.1% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 316 people or 11.7% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 383 people or 14.2% are between 30 and 39, 481 people or 17.8% are between 40 and 49, and 370 people or 13.7% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 286 people or 10.6% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 179 people or 6.6% are between 70 and 79, there are 116 people or 4.3% who are over 80.
, there were 934 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.4 persons per household. there were 482 single family homes (or 71.1% of the total) out of a total of 678 inhabited buildings. There were 120 two family buildings (17.7%) and 45 multi-family buildings (6.6%). There were also 31 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.08%. there were 1,079 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 363. There were 53 single room apartments and 270 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 928 apartments (86.0% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 126 apartments (11.7%) were seasonally occupied and 25 apartments (2.3%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 4.7 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Ottocentesche fortification and the "Fortini Della Fame" are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 28.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (24.34%), the SP (21.57%) and the Ticino League (12.74%). In the federal election, a total of 922 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 54.3%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 1,701 registered voters in Camorino, of which 1,239 or 72.8% voted. 14 blank ballots and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 1,223 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 290 or 23.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 253 or 20.7%), the PS (with 233 or 19.1%) and the SSI (with 232 or 19.0%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, there were 18 blank ballots and 2 null ballots, which left 1,219 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 273 or 22.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 268 or 22.0%), the PPD (with 246 or 20.2%) and the SSI (with 207 or 17.0%).
Economy.
, Camorino had an unemployment rate of 4.7%. , there were 71 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 19 businesses involved in this sector. 217 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 23 businesses in this sector. 666 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 80 businesses in this sector.
There were 962 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.2% of the workforce. , there were 660 workers who commuted into the municipality and 747 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.1 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 3.6% of the workforce coming into Camorino are coming from outside Switzerland.
Of the working population, 8% used public transportation to get to work, and 67.8% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Camorino.
Religion.
From the , 1,776 or 80.4% were Roman Catholic, while 118 or 5.3% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 246 individuals (or about 11.13% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 70 individuals (or about 3.17% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Camorino about 70.6% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Camorino there are a total of 469 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Camorino there are 73 children in kindergarten.
The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 160 students attend the standard primary schools and 5 students attend the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There are 113 students in the two-year middle school and in their pre-apprenticeship, while 44 students are in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student).
There are 22 vocational students who are attending school full-time and 46 who attend part-time. The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There are 6 students in the professional program.
, there were 3 students in Camorino who came from another municipality, while 246 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6933675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933675" title="The Cool Surface">
The Cool Surface

The Cool Surface (released in the Philippines as The Playmate) is a 1994 thriller film written and directed by Erik Anjou and starring Robert Patrick, Teri Hatcher, Cyril O'Reilly, Matt McCoy, Shannon Dobson and Ian Buchanan.
Plot.
A writer returns to Hollywood after finishing his novel in the wilderness. Still smarting from his girlfriend's suicide and his publisher's criticisms of his novel, he becomes intrigued by the neighbor couple's abusive relationship. Eventually he intervenes and becomes involved with the woman, basing a new book on their increasingly violent relationship sparked by his insane jealousy of her friends and her acting career.
Release.
"The Cool Surface" was released direct to video in United States on April 5, 1994. In the Philippines, the film was released in theaters as "The Playmate" on April 26, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="6933676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933676" title="Giubiasco">
Giubiasco

Giubiasco is a former municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
On 2 April 2017 the former municipalities of Camorino, Claro, Gnosca, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged into the municipality of Bellinzona.
History.
Due to its location at the center of numerous routes through the Alps, Giubiasco has been important since ancient times. The roads over the Monte Ceneri to the south, the Passo di San Jorio from the east, over the San Bernardino Pass and the Gotthard Pass from the north and the route along Lake Maggiore from the west all meet at Giubiasco.
Prehistoric necropolis.
The discovery of the great cemetery of Giubiasco in 1900, led to uncontrolled treasure hunting and the loss of many objects. It was not until 1905 that the Swiss National Museum organized an excavation, which made it possible to save a certain number of graves and document the discoveries scientifically. Further, limited archaeological digs were organized in 1958 and 1971 to explore the edges of the graveyard. A large part of the collection is kept in the National Museum in Zürich, while other items have been given to various foreign and Swiss museums. For example, the British Museum has an impressive collection of about 300 Iron Age artefacts from the site, which mostly include La Tène, copper alloy jewellery and pottery vessels. They were originally excavated from various graves in Giubiasco and were later donated to the BM by John Brunner and the Swiss National Museum. The latest discoveries are in the Conservation Office in Bellinzona.
The large necropolis, which was not far from the modern train station, has 565 graves. It is one of the rare examples of a site that was in continuous use for a particularly long period, stretching from the late Bronze Age (11th century BC) to the Roman period (2nd century AD). However, only the massive graveyard has been discovered, to date no associated settlement has been located. The cemetery has several different types of graves. The few Late Bronze Age graves are all cremation urn burials. The ashes of the deceased were buried in clay urns in simple trenches in the bare earth, the offerings are modest and consist almost exclusively of fragmented traditional ceramics.
In the early Iron Age the Sopraceneri peoples burials gradually transformed from cremation to a full body burial. The graves were rectangular, bounded by dry stone trenches. From the mid-6th century the distribution of grave goods reflect the Golasecca culture. They include a richer collection of items such as pottery (usually an urn, a bowl and a cup included) but only rarely any bronze containers. There were also clothing, accessories and jewelry; such as bronze or iron brooches, pendants, earrings, rings, belts, sheets and amber necklaces.
Most of the tombs in the necropolis date back to the Late Iron Age (4th–1st century BC) and are exclusively full body burials. From the beginning of the 3rd century the influence of migration is visible in the graves. Celtic belt fittings, pendants and bronze bracelets are found in graves overlying ones from the Golasecca culture. Particularly interesting is the presence of weapons (spears and swords) and helmets of the early Iron Age, a period that is missing in other cemeteries (e.g. Solduno, which is now part of Locarno).
Even with the transition to Roman rule Giubiasco continued to play an important role, probably in connection with the military post of Castel Grande at Bellinzona. Roman items include imported bronze vessels and a silver bowl with two handles in a Roman style. Roman era graves included vessels of clay, metal or glass containing typical Roman grave goods. Additionally, coins and small iron day to day use items have been discovered.
While the archeological discoveries at the necropolis end during the 2nd century, it is likely that the graveyard remained in use for additional centuries. The nearby fortress of Castel Grande remained in use throughout the Roman era.
Medieval Giubiasco.
During the Early Middle Ages, Giubiasco was probably the center of the land that the Abbey of San Pietro in Ciel d'Oro in Pavia, held in Locarno and the upper reaches of Ticino. Presumably, the church of St. Mary of Primasca, which is mentioned in a document of King Hugo of Italy from the 929 as the property of the monastery, was in the village. The village of Giubiasco is first mentioned in 1186 as "apud Cibiascum". In 1195 it was mentioned as "Zibiassco". By 1200, the abbey had sold their ownership of the village and surrounding area to the noble Adam of Contone. At this time, the communities ("vicinanze") of the valleys were able to partly buy limited self-rule with cash payments. In 1186, Frederick Barbarossa granted imperial immediacy to the region around Locarno.
After the battle of Arbedo in 1422, it fell under the power of Milan. From Milan, it was ruled by the Visconti and then by the Sforza families. Finally, after the Italian campaigns of the Swiss Confederation at the beginning of the 16th century, it became part of the Bailiwick of Bellinzona, which was administratively shared between Uri, Schwyz, and Nidwalden.
The Church of Santa Maria Assunta if first mentioned in 1387, but is probably from the 13th century. In 1622 it was separated from Bellinzona and became a vice-parish church. It was raised in 1804 to become the parish church. Between the 15th and 17th centuries, the church was enlarged and modified several times.
Early Modern Giubiasco.
Originally, Giubiasco and the rest of the Valle Morobbia formed a single "vicinanze", which split in the first half of the 16th century. In 1831 divided the municipality of Morobbia Valle split into Valle Morobbia in Piano, Pianezzo and S. Antonio. Then, in 1867 Valle Morobbia in Piano merged into Giubiasco to form a single community.
The economy of the municipality was based around raising crops and livestock, trading and some industry (grist mills and hammer mills). Some of the residents found jobs in other countries, particularly in Spain. Due to its location, Italian and German-Swiss livestock dealers, held livestock markets in Giubiasco starting in the first decades of the 16th century. The municipality's privileges to hold the fair in the fall led to a protracted dispute with Lugano, which broke out in 1513 and was not settled until the end of the 19th century.
Modern Giubiasco.
On 25 August 1814, the leaders of the liberal revolutionary people's movement in the Ticino met in Giubiasco, to resist the oligarchic cantonal constitution of 29 July. The so-called "Revolt of Giubiasco", set up a temporary government but was soon crushed by Federal troops. The leaders were given heavy sentences. In 1853 the Camorino-Giubiasco-Sementina line was fortified, while the fortifications around Giubiasco were later dismantled, the "Fortini della fame" at Camorino is still visible. The 19th and 20th century brought profound changes to the economy and society of the municipality. Due to its geographic location near Bellinzona, it became a station on the Gotthard railway. The connection to Locarno was completed in 1874, followed in 1882 by the Lugano and Luino route.
In 1905–06 two factories grew up next to the railway line; the linoleum works (later Forbo factory) and the Lenz engineering works (later , closed 1925). In 1932, the Cattaneo AG ironworks opened. The ironworks still have a role in the regional economy.
Agriculture has remained virtually unchanged, cereals, fruit and vegetable are grown of the plains and vineyards are on the hillside. A wine cooperative opened in 1928 and a market hall in 1937. Warehouses, mills and silos for an agricultural cooperative (Società cooperativa agricola ticinese, founded in 1941) supported other municipalities of the region.
The strong population growth in the 1970s and 80s, a consequence of the emergence of medium-sized industrial and small commercial businesses south of the main settlement, has slowed recently. The built-up area for housing and for commercial properties have extended from the old population centers at the foot of the mountain down into the valley floor. In 2000, about two-thirds of jobs were in the services sector, and about a fifth were in the manufacturing sector.
Geography.
Giubiasco has an area, , of . Of this area, or 60.8% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 21.2% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 35.8% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.4% is either rivers or lakes and or 0.2% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 5.8% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 19.4% and transportation infrastructure made up 6.7%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 2.1% of the area while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 1.8%. Out of the forested land, 18.6% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.6% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 36.0% is used for growing crops, while 5.5% is used for orchards or vine crops and 19.4% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
The municipality is located in the Bellinzona district, north of Bellinzona at the mouth of Valle Morobbia. It is part of the Agglomeration of Bellinzona. It consists of the villages of Giubiasco and Piano and the settlements of Lôro, Motti, Palasio, Pedevilla and Sasso Piatto. The municipality of Pianezzo is considering a merger some time in the future into Giubiasco.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per pale Azure on a Base Vert beneath a Mountain of the same a house Argent roofed Gules and in Chief a Sun Or and Argent a Poplar eradicated proper."
Demographics.
After Lugano, Bellinzona and Locarno, Giubiasco has one of the largest populations in Ticino.
Giubiasco has a population () of . , 27.3% of the population are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 8.9%. Most of the population () speaks Italian(87.8%), with German being second most common ( 4.1%) and Serbo-Croatian being third ( 1.8%).
Of the Swiss national languages (), 302 speak German 72 people speak French, 6,516 people speak Italian, and 8 people speak Romansh. The remainder (520 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.7% male and 52.3% female. The population was made up of 2,816 Swiss men (34.0% of the population), and 1,134 (13.7%) non-Swiss men. There were 3,270 Swiss women (39.5%), and 1,065 (12.9%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 60 live births to Swiss citizens and 19 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 69 deaths of Swiss citizens and 15 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 9 while the foreign population increased by 4. There were 7 Swiss men who emigrated from Switzerland to another country, 9 Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland to another country, 26 non-Swiss men who emigrated from Switzerland to another country and 15 non-Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland to another country. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was an increase of 52 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 48 people. This represents a population growth rate of 1.2%.
The age distribution, , in Giubiasco is; 766 children or 9.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 888 teenagers or 10.7% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 934 people or 11.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 1,187 people or 14.3% are between 30 and 39, 1,436 people or 17.3% are between 40 and 49, and 1,008 people or 12.2% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 921 people or 11.1% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 684 people or 8.3% are between 70 and 79, there are 461 people or 5.6% who are over 80.
, there were 3,273 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.2 persons per household. there were 906 single family homes (or 59.1% of the total) out of a total of 1,534 inhabited buildings. There were 253 two family buildings (16.5%) and 251 multi-family buildings (16.4%). There were also 124 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 1.56%. there were 3,628 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 1,222. There were 154 single room apartments and 623 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 3,264 apartments (90.0% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 277 apartments (7.6%) were seasonally occupied and 87 apartments (2.4%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 10.4 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 32.36% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (22.06%), the CVP (18.55%) and the Ticino League (12.52%). In the federal election, a total of 2,162 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 45.3%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 4,653 registered voters in Giubiasco, of which 3,131 or 67.3% voted. 50 blank ballots and 3 null ballots were cast, leaving 3,078 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 885 or 28.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 577 or 18.7%), the PS (with 550 or 17.9%) and the PPD+GenGiova (with 451 or 14.7%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, there were 34 blank ballots and 9 null ballots, which left 3,089 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 805 or 26.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 622 or 20.1%), the SSI (with 534 or 17.3%) and the PPD (with 492 or 15.9%).
Economy.
, Giubiasco had an unemployment rate of 5.23%. , there were 78 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 20 businesses involved in this sector. 724 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 75 businesses in this sector. 1,628 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 277 businesses in this sector.
There were 3,338 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 42.0% of the workforce. , there were 1,941 workers who commuted into the municipality and 2,297 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.2 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 6.0% of the workforce coming into Giubiasco are coming from outside Switzerland, while 0.1% of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 10.5% used public transportation to get to work, and 58.9% used a private car.
, there were 3 hotels in Giubiasco with a total of 26 rooms and 58 beds.
Religion.
From the , 5,765 or 77.7% were Roman Catholic, while 323 or 4.4% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 991 individuals (or about 13.36% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 339 individuals (or about 4.57% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Giubiasco about 63% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Giubiasco there are a total of 1,404 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Giubiasco there are 209 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 409 students attend the standard primary schools and 34 students attend the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There are 347 students in the two-year middle school and 5 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 126 students are in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student should be prepared to enter a trade or to continue to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student).
There are 84 vocational students who are attending school full-time and 169 who attend part-time. The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There are 21 students in the professional program.
, there were 476 students in Giubiasco who came from another municipality, while 343 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Giubiasco is served by the Giubiasco station, situated within the municipality. The station is on the Gotthard railway.

</doc>
<doc id="6933678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6933678" title="Gnosca">
Gnosca

Gnosca is a former municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
On 2 April 2017 the former municipalities of Camorino, Claro, Giubiasco, Gorduno, Gudo, Moleno, Monte Carasso, Pianezzo, Preonzo, Sant'Antonio and Sementina merged into the municipality of Bellinzona.
History.
Gnosca is first mentioned in 1198 as "Niosca" in the records of Como and the cathedral of Milan. While it is likely that there were earlier settlements, nothing is known about them. An arbitration document of 1202 granted the S. Giovanni church and the church of SS Maurizio e Carpoforo in Gnosca Castle to Como. The parish church of St. Peter Martyr is on a list of churches in the diocese of Milan in the 13th century. In 1335 Gnosca is mentioned as a village in the county of Bellinzona, although part of the population was assumed for some time by the cathedral of Milan. This led to a situation where the church was used for both the Ambrosian and Roman Rites at the same time. The village is now on the edge of the agglomeration of Bellinzona. With the construction of many new homes it has lost, in recent decades, its rural character.
Geography.
Gnosca has an area, , of . Of this area, or 11.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 77.3% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 5.6% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.9% is either rivers or lakes and or 3.1% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 2.0% and transportation infrastructure made up 3.1%. Out of the forested land, 72.3% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.8% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 8.6% is used for growing crops, while 1.3% is used for orchards or vine crops and 2.0% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 2.4% is unproductive vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Bellinzona district, on the right bank of the Ticino river at the entrance to the Riviera.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per fess Argent an Eagle displayed Sable and Gules a Cross Argent."
Demographics.
Gnosca has a population () of . , 12.9% of the population are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 33.5%. Most of the population () speaks Italian(94.4%), with German being second most common ( 1.8%) and French being third ( 1.4%).
Of the Swiss national languages (), 9 speak German, 7 people speak French, 485 people speak Italian. The remainder (13 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.7% male and 50.3% female. The population was made up of 273 Swiss men (40.7% of the population), and 60 (9.0%) non-Swiss men. There were 306 Swiss women (45.7%), and 31 (4.6%) non-Swiss women. In there was 1 live birth to Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 7 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 6 while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 Swiss man and 1 non-Swiss man who emigrated from Switzerland to another country and 3 non-Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland to another country. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was an increase of 4 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 7 people. This represents a population growth rate of 1.7%.
The age distribution, , in Gnosca is; 93 children or 13.9% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 66 teenagers or 9.9% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 39 people or 5.8% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 113 people or 16.9% are between 30 and 39, 126 people or 18.8% are between 40 and 49, and 80 people or 11.9% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 83 people or 12.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 42 people or 6.3% are between 70 and 79, there are 28 people or 4.2% who are over 80.
, there were 202 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.5 persons per household. there were 177 single family homes (or 82.7% of the total) out of a total of 214 inhabited buildings. There were 29 two family buildings (13.6%) and 3 multi-family buildings (1.4%). There were also 5 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
co
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.34%. there were 249 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 100. There were 8 single room apartments and 76 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 200 apartments (80.3% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 47 apartments (18.9%) were seasonally occupied and 2 apartments (.8%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 6.2 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
 In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 38.93% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (24.04%), the SP (18.59%) and the Ticino League (10.78%). In the federal election, a total of 244 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 56.0%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 433 registered voters in Gnosca, of which 348 or 80.4% voted. 3 blank ballots and null ballots were cast, leaving 345 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 102 or 29.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 73 or 21.2%), the PLRT (with 69 or 20.0%) and the PS (with 56 or 16.2%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, there were 3 blank ballots and 1 null ballots, which left 344 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 103 or 29.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 66 or 19.2%), the PLRT (with 62 or 18.0%) and the SSI (with 60 or 17.4%).
Economy.
, Gnosca had an unemployment rate of 2.28%. , there were 11 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 5 businesses involved in this sector. 7 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 3 businesses in this sector. 32 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 11 businesses in this sector.
There were 234 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 35.9% of the workforce. , there were 17 workers who commuted into the municipality and 178 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 10.5 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 4.7% used public transportation to get to work, and 66.7% used a private car. , there were 0 hotels in Gnosca.
From the , 447 or 87.0% were Roman Catholic, while 20 or 3.9% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 29 individuals (or about 5.64% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 18 individuals (or about 3.50% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Gnosca about 75.1% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Gnosca there are a total of 133 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Gnosca there are 30 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 50 students attend the standard primary schools and 1 students attend the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There are 26 students in the two-year middle school and in their pre-apprenticeship, while 12 students are in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There are 4 vocational students who are attending school full-time and 8 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There are 2 students in the professional program.
, there were 2 students in Gnosca who came from another municipality, while 52 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
