<doc id="7043119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043119" title="Newham Recorder">
Newham Recorder

The Newham Recorder is a local weekly newspaper distributed in the London Borough of Newham. It is published weekly, on a Wednesday, in the tabloid format by Archant, the UK's largest independently owned regional media business, with a digital edition updated throughout the day.
History.
The newspaper was founded in 1968, three years after the county boroughs of West Ham and East Ham - both of which had previously been part of Essex - were combined to form the new London Borough of Newham. Prior to that, since the early 1900s the area had been served by the "East Ham Recorder", a slip edition of the "Ilford Recorder".
The "Recorder" won the title of National Campaigning Newspaper of the year in 1995.
The "Newham Recorder"s Susan Smith won "Feature Writer of the Year" at the "Eastern Counties Newspaper Group awards" in 2007.
The Newham title also won the Q Cup, awarded by Archant to its Community Newspaper of the Year in 2009.
Archant withdrew the "Newham Recorder", along with several other newspapers in its stable, from the ABC circulation figures in 2010 because it felt they didn't properly reflect its size in view of the variety of distribution channels used, with only part being paid for.
The newspaper received praise from the police for its coverage of the rioting and criminal disorder of August 2011.
Editorial history.
The newspaper has had only five editors. The first, Tom Duncan, was made a freeman of Newham in recognition of his work in the community. The second, from 1997, was Colin Grainger who joined as a trainee reporter upon leaving a local school in 1972. Grainger left in November 2012 after Archant merged the "Recorder"s news team with that of the "Docklands &amp; East London Advertiser". Both weeklies were then controlled by one single editor, Archant's East London Group Editor Malcolm Starbrook. The two papers were "un-merged" in 2014 and the "Newham Recorder" acquired a new editor, Michael Adkins.
In 2017 Lorraine King became the paper's new editor after Adkins was promoted to Archant's Group Editor for London.

</doc>
<doc id="7043133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043133" title="Barking &amp; Dagenham Recorder">
Barking &amp; Dagenham Recorder



</doc>
<doc id="7043137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043137" title="Valdemārs Ozoliņš">
Valdemārs Ozoliņš

Valdemārs Ozoliņš (5 November 1896 Vestiena parish – 15 February 1973, Pueblo, Colorado, US) was a Latvian composer and conductor.
Valdemārs Ozoliņš songs have been treasured by choirs ever since his triumphant debut during the VI Latvian Song Festival in Riga, Latvia in 1926. The author of about 500 songs and several cantatas, Valdemārs Ozoliņš was chief conductor at several Latvian Song Festivals.
Biography.
Valdemārs Ozoliņš was born November 5, 1896, in Vestiena, in the Governorate of Livonia (present-day Latvia). His parents were farmers. He attended school in Vestiena, enrolled the conservatory of St Petersburg 1914, later in Moscow, and in 1921 the composition and conducting classes of the conservatory in Riga, Latvia, which he graduated in 1931. In Riga he was the substitute of the conductor Teodors Reiters. Valdemārs Ozoliņš song “Papardes zieds” – "The fern flower" (text by K. Krūza) was received very well at the VI Latvian Song Festival in Riga in 1926. He obtained the master's degree in music from the Chicago conservatory, US. Valdemārs Ozoliņš was honoured by the Latvian Culture fund for his solo and choir songs in 1926. He had some involvement with the Baltic neopagan movement Dievturība, where he was the first conductor of the "dievturi" choir.
He died in exile on February 15, 1973, in Pueblo, Colorado, US. The urns of Valdemārs Ozoliņš and his wife Valija, née Alberts, were buried in Forest Cemetery, Riga, Latvia, on August 20, 1993, next to his teacher, professor Jāzeps Vītols.

</doc>
<doc id="7043147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043147" title="The Conan Chronicles">
The Conan Chronicles

The Conan Chronicles is a 1989 omnibus collection of three fantasy collections by American writers Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter, featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian, published by Sphere Books. The component collections had originally been published by Lancer Books in 1967, 1968 and 1969, and later reissued by Ace Books. The omnibus collection was followed by "The Conan Chronicles 2".

</doc>
<doc id="7043154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043154" title="Bestowers of Eternity">
Bestowers of Eternity



</doc>
<doc id="7043158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043158" title="The Emperor of Sydney">
The Emperor of Sydney

The Emperor of Sydney is a play by Australian playwright Louis Nowra, the third part of the Boyce trilogy following "The Woman with Dog's Eyes" and "The Marvellous Boy". The play is a single continuous scene set at night in the living room of Beauchamp, the Boyce family mansion, where the father is dying upstairs.
It was first performed at the SWB Stables on 16 August 2006 by the Griffin Theatre Company with the following cast:
The production:
References.
Nowra, Louis, "The Boyce trilogy", Sydney: Currency Press, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="7043180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043180" title="Tak Bai district">
Tak Bai district

Tak Bai (, Malay: "Tabal") is a district ("amphoe") in the southeastern part of Narathiwat province, southern Thailand.
History.
When the United Kingdom and Siam (Thailand) signed the Anglo-Siamese Treaty of 1909, they agreed to use the Kolok River (Sungai Golok) near "Wat" Chonthara Singhe (วัดชลธาราสิงเห) as the boundary between British Malaya and Siam due to the culture and arts inside the temple. Before, the area was part of the "Mueang" Kelantan.
The district was officially created on 12 August 1909.
On 25 October 2004 at least 85 demonstrators died after a brutal police action in the so-called Tak Bai Incident.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the southwest clockwise): Su-ngai Kolok, Su-ngai Padi, Cho-airong, Mueang Narathiwat of Narathiwat Province, and the Gulf of Thailand. To the southeast is the Tumpat District in state Kelantan of Malaysia.
The boundary crossing is at Pengkalan Kubur (Malaysia) and Tak Bai (Thailand).
On 1 January falls on the New Year's Day, Tak Bai is the first place in Thailand that receives the sunshine, despite not being the easternmost area in the country. This is because the Earth's axis is tilted during the cold season. Which the sun will rise before Khong Chiam district in Ubon Ratchathani province the location of Pha Taem National Park, about one minute.
Administration.
The district is divided into eight sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 56 villages ("mubans"). Tak Bai itself has town ("thesaban mueang") status and covers parts of "tambon" Che He. There are a further eight tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Tak Bai’s Salted Kulao Fish.
Salted kulao fish is a salted fish from the Tak Bai District. It is considered a famous local product for more than 100 years. "Pla kulao" (Thai: ปลากุเลา; ; fourfinger threadfin; "Eleutheronema tetradactylum") is produced through a local process. Fresh fourfinger threadfin from the sea around the mouth of the Tak Bai River, which is abundant, has been used as a source of food for this type of threadfin from other sources until it became well-liked in the locality, in the provinces, and in neighbouring countries. It is a famous souvenir of the south and Narathiwat. Tak Bai folks have a long-held secret that has been passed down, which involves meticulousness in every step of the manufacturing process and the careful selection of raw materials. This produces well-known, high-quality products. Its meat is not too salty taste, fluffy texture, and a unique aroma of salted fish, and on the ground, it is dubbed as "King of Salted Fish".
Tak Bai's salted kulao fish was served as one of the dishes at the gala dinner for world leaders attending the APEC 2022 meeting hosted by Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="7043188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043188" title="Uri Zohar">
Uri Zohar

Uri Zohar ( ; 4 November 1935 – 2 June 2022) was an Israeli film director, actor and comedian who left the entertainment world to become an orthodox rabbi.
Biography.
Uri Zohar was born in Tel Aviv. His parents were Polish Jewish immigrants. In 1952, he graduated high school and did his military service in an army entertainment troupe. His first marriage, to singer Ilana Rovina, ended in divorce.
In 1960, he studied philosophy at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He was sentenced to three months of community service on charges of marijuana possession. In the late 1970s, under the influence of Yitzhak Shlomo Zilberman, Zohar turned to religion, becoming a Haredi Orthodox Jew and a rabbi.
He was a close friend of Arik Einstein, with whom he made some of his most noted films. Einstein's two daughters married Zohar's sons.
Zohar was one of the founding members of Ma'ale Amos. Later, he resided in Jerusalem.
He died at the age of 86 on 2 June 2022. He was survived by his second wife Eliya Shuster, a former actress who had participated in a film he directed, their seven children and numerous grandchildren.
Entertainment and film career.
After his discharge from the army, Zohar became one of the founding members of the theatre and entertainment troupe Batzal Yarok, which was popular in the late 1950s and early 1960s. In the 1960s, Zohar directed and starred in Israeli films, among them "Hole in the Moon", "Three Days and a Child", "Every Bastard a King", "Big Eyes" and "Metzitzim". He directed 11 full-length films as well as a number of short movies and episodes of the television series "Lool" (Chicken Coop). When Israel Television went on air, he became a program host and appeared in commercials.
In 1977, he began wearing a kippa on the television game show he was hosting. He eventually withdrew entirely from Israel's popular culture scene to become a Haredi Jew and began to study in yeshiva. He became a rabbi in Jerusalem and immersed himself in Biblical scholarship. He became active in the movement to attract secular Jews to religious orthodoxy, and used his entertainment skills to promote this objective. In the 1992 Israeli elections, Zohar directed the television broadcasts for the Shas party. He later directed a film about a successful dancer who embraces orthodox Judaism, mirroring his own story. The film was a success with Ultra-Orthodox audiences. Zohar had enlisted the help filmmakers Dani Rosenberg and Yaniv Segalovich to make it, and Rosenberg and Segalovich in turn made a documentary about him.
When asked in an interview about how he regarded his former career in entertainment, Zohar said that "I respect it, the way a mature adult remembers his childhood. But there's no escaping the fact that I was a child."
Awards and recognition.
In 1976 he was awarded the Israel Prize for cinema, which he declined.
In 2012, Cinémathèque Française in Paris held a retrospective of Zohar's work. The event included lectures and screenings of all his major films. Zohar was described as one of Israel's most interesting film directors due to his exploration of manhood and machismo, male-female relationships and the impact of the military.
Personal life.
In the early 1960s, Zohar was married to the singer Ilana Rovina for about two years. Later he married Alia Shuster, an actress who starred in the movie "Big Eyes" that he directed.
Zohar and Alia, who lived in Jaffa after getting married and later became religiously observant and moved to Jerusalem, had seven children. His two oldest sons, Ephraim Fishel and Shalom, married the daughters of Alona and Arik Einstein, Shiri and Yasmin, who also became religiously observant. The wedding of Ephraim Fishel and Shiri was documented in Renan Shor's 1985 short film "A Wedding in Jerusalem." Another son, Itamar, who became secular, initiated the 2004 three-part series "Looking Inside" - a series in which Itamar examines the two worlds his father lived in, and they debate matters of faith, values and reconciliation between secular and ultra-Orthodox Jews. After several years Itamar returned to religious observance. The series was filmed in their Jerusalem home, as well as locations where Zohar lived and worked in Tel Aviv. Another son, Betzalel, managed the Migdal Or institutions of Rabbi Yitzhak David Grossman. The youngest son, David, is a Jerusalem city council member representing the United Torah Judaism party. Zohar's only daughter, Ahinoam, is the subject of the song "Ahinoam Doesn't Know," which appeared on Erik Einstein's album "Pozy."
Rabbi Uri Zohar passed away on June 2, 2022 at the age of 86, after suffering a heart attack at his home in Jerusalem's Romema neighborhood. The funeral procession left from the home he lived in, accompanied by many mourners. He was buried in Har HaMenuchot cemetery on Mount Herzl in Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="7043189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043189" title="Trys kryžiai">
Trys kryžiai



</doc>
<doc id="7043190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043190" title="Yoshirō Kataoka">
Yoshirō Kataoka

, also known by the nickname Hagera, is an anime producer and production designer. He has worked for the Tōkyū Agency, Asatsu DK, and NAS, and he currently works as a full-time advisor at Marvelous Entertainment. His proactive approach to planning anime when he worked at advertising firms has made him a front runner in his field.
Since 2000, Kataoka has worked on the Friday shōjo anime on TV Tokyo, including shows such as "Hime-chan's Ribbon". In addition to being an anime producer, Kataoka produces anime musicals. He is also one of the founders of the Animax satellite channel and Aniraji, a radio program devoted to anime, manga, games and light novels.

</doc>
<doc id="7043196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043196" title="Finland Plan">
Finland Plan



</doc>
<doc id="7043197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043197" title="Finland Strategy">
Finland Strategy



</doc>
<doc id="7043198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043198" title="Packet Exchange Internet Exchange">
Packet Exchange Internet Exchange



</doc>
<doc id="7043200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043200" title="Finland Declaration">
Finland Declaration



</doc>
<doc id="7043201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043201" title="Packet Exchange">
Packet Exchange



</doc>
<doc id="7043204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043204" title="Stanley Forman">
Stanley Forman

Stanley Joseph Forman (born July 10, 1945) is an American photojournalist who won the Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Photography two years in a row while working at the "Boston Herald".
Biography.
A native of Winthrop, Massachusetts, Forman graduated from Revere High School and studied photography at the Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology from 1965 to 1966. After graduating, Forman became a cameraman for political campaigns before joining the "Boston Herald American" as a photo lab technician. Forman was later promoted to staff photographer.
Career.
By the 1970s Forman became the recipient of citations from the United Press International and the Boston Press Photographers. In 1973 he was chosen as Regional Photographer of the year.
In 1975, Forman was awarded the World Press Photo of the Year by World Press Photo for the "Fire Escape Collapse", a photograph depicting a young woman, Diana Bryant, and her goddaughter, Tiare Jones, falling from a collapsed fire escape during a fire. As he found out later, the child survived because she was cushioned by the body of her godmother. In 1976 the photo received the Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography.
Forman is the first photographer to win the Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Photography two years in a row (1976 and 1977). In 1976, he won for the "Fire Escape Collapse", and the next year, he became co-winner for the same award for "The Soiling of Old Glory", a photograph depicting a black attorney, Ted Landsmark, being assaulted by a white male teenager, Joseph Rakes, wielding a flagpole holding the American flag as a weapon during the height of the Boston Desegregation Busing Crisis.
In 1979, Forman's photography staff at the "Boston Herald American" won a Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography for coverage of the Blizzard of 1978 in Boston. However, Forman did not take any photographs that led to the award because he was recovering from an Achilles tendon injury. The following year, he was named a Nieman Fellow and was honored with the Joseph A. Sprague Memorial Award from the National Press Photographers Association.
Forman has worked as a cameraman for Boston's WCVB-TV since 1983. In 2013 he published a book, "Before Yellow Tape".

</doc>
<doc id="7043208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043208" title="Michael W. Smith Project">
Michael W. Smith Project

Michael W. Smith Project is the debut album of Christian recording artist Michael W. Smith. The first single from the album, Great Is The Lord, went all the way to number 1 on the 
US Christian AC and CHR charts.
Originally released in 1983, the album was reissued in 1987 with a new cover featuring an updated photo of Smith. The album reached number nine on the Top Contemporary Christian chart."CCM Magazine" ranked "Michael W. Smith Project" at number 34 on their 2001 book "CCM Presents: The 100 Greatest Albums in Christian Music". Smith earned his first Grammy nomination for Best Gospel Performance, Male at the 26th Grammy Awards.
Track listing.
Note: "First Light" was titled "From Light" on the original vinyl and cassette releases.

</doc>
<doc id="7043209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043209" title="St. Peregrine Laziosi">
St. Peregrine Laziosi



</doc>
<doc id="7043212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043212" title="Former Hokkaidō Government Office">
Former Hokkaidō Government Office

The facilities of the former Hokkaidō Government Office () in Sapporo, Japan, include a conference room, a museum shop, a tourist information office, and a few historical exhibition rooms and libraries. Visitors can enter the building for free. Flower gardens and a pond are located in front of the building, which occasionally are designated as some event venues.
History.
In 1869, the Kaitakushi, the development commission and government of Hokkaidō prefecture, was established to pioneer the primitive ground of Hokkaidō, and its main office was moved to Sapporo in 1871. An American advisor to the Development Commission, Horace Capron, planned to construct the building for the Kaitakushi office with an octagonal dome topping on the building, which was popular architectural style in the United States at that time. The building, named as the , was built in 1873, and was then one of the largest buildings in Japan. It was destroyed by fire in 1879. 
After the abolition of the Kaitakushi in 1882, Hokkaidō was divided into a number of prefectures, and later the Hokkaidō Government was established in 1886. The destroyed building was restored, and the new government office building was inaugurated in 1888, with red bricks and the octagonal dome on top of the building as the first governor, Michitoshi Iwamura, had suggested. 
In 1896, air vents and the octagonal dome on the top were taken away. Fire destroyed the building again in 1909, and the inside was burnt down, while the walls of the building with red bricks sustained little damage. In 1910, restoration work of the building began, and was completed in 1911. 
The Government of Hokkaidō Prefecture commemorated its 100th anniversary in 1968, and original air vents and the octagonal dome were restored and installed to the building again to commemorate the anniversary, and government determined to continue preserving the building permanently. The following year, the building was listed as one of the National Important Cultural Properties. In 1985, the Archives of Hokkaidō was housed in the building. The Karafuto/Sakhalin Related Resource Library, which had been located in the Hokkaidō government office annex in West 18 since 1992, was also placed in the building in 2004.
Overview.
The measurement of the building is 61 metres in frontage, 36 metres in depth, and 33 metres in height to the top of the tower. The red bricks used in the wall of the building were made in Toyohira and Shiroishi villages, which are currently wards of Sapporo (as Toyohira-ku and Shiroishi-ku), and the number of the bricks in the walls is around 2.5 million. There are 20 paintings inside of the building, which depict historically important scenes in the history of Hokkaidō. Most of the windows are double-paned, to keep out the freezing climate of Sapporo. 
It houses several facilities. The Archives of Hokkaidō contains a number of historical materials related to Hokkaidō, and the annex building of the archives is currently located in West 5, which is close to the former office building and previously functioned as the Library of Hokkaidō (the library was moved and is currently located in Ebetsu). The Gallery of Hokkaidō's History was designed to display panels and historical instruments used in farms and cultivation, and is a branch exhibition room of the Historical Museum of Hokkaidō. The Karafuto/Sakhalin Related Resource Library showcases materials related to Karafuto, which used to be the northernmost area of Japan and has been part of Russia as Sakhalin Oblast since the end of World War II. 
The tourism information center was placed on the second floor, which provides some brochures written in several languages. The three-section arch, which is decorated with engravings in Western architecture, is installed in the entrance hall. The Governor's former office room is open to the public, and it displays restored room facilities as well as pictures of the successive governors in Hokkaidō. Other rooms are occasionally designated as conference rooms, and many companies and organizations have used these rooms for their meetings.

</doc>
<doc id="7043216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043216" title="Chanae district">
Chanae district

Chanae (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the southern part of Narathiwat province, southern Thailand.
History.
"Tambons" Dusong Yo and Chanae were separated from Ra-ngae district to create Chanae minor district ("king amphoe") on 15 July 1983.
It was upgraded to a full district on 1 January 1988.
"Chanae" is the Malay name of a native "Colocasia" species.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise): Betong, and Than To of Yala province; Sisakhon, Ra-ngae, and Sukhirin of Narathiwat province and the state Perak of Malaysia.
Demographics.
In 1963, the Thai government launched the "Nikhom Sang Ton Eng Pak Tai" ('self-development community in the south') program to move families from Thailand's northeastern and central provinces to the Chanae and Sukhirin Districts of Narathiwat. A total of 5,633 families were relocated to Narathiwat, where each family was rewarded with 18 rai of land.
Administration.
Central administration.
Chanae is divided into four sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 31 administrative villages ("mubans").
Local administration.
There are four sub-district administrative organizations (SAO) in the district:

</doc>
<doc id="7043222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043222" title="Barnes, Mortlake and Sheen Times">
Barnes, Mortlake and Sheen Times



</doc>
<doc id="7043223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043223" title="The Chiswick">
The Chiswick



</doc>
<doc id="7043228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043228" title="Ealing Gazette">
Ealing Gazette



</doc>
<doc id="7043230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043230" title="Fulham &amp; Hammersmith Chronicle">
Fulham &amp; Hammersmith Chronicle

The Fulham &amp; Hammersmith Chronicle newspaper (formerly the "Fulham Chronicle") started life on 6 April 1888, produced at an office in Walham Green, Fulham. The first edition stated that the newspaper was set up "to supply the need which is felt in this district for a genuinely local journal." One of its first part-time editors, was Charles James Feret, who later became known as the "Historian of Fulham".
First edition.
The newspaper cost readers one halfpenny, earning the "Chronicle" the nickname Ha'penny Hot'un. Stories from the first edition included "Accident in Dawes Road", which told of a nasty accident between a young boy delivering milk and a ginger beer van at a "dangerous corner" of Dawes Road, in Fulham. The title also contained several chapters from a fiction novel entitled The Hillyars and the Burtons: A story of two families, by Henry Kingsley.
Centenary edition.
Over the years, the stories and the format have slowly changed. For the 100th anniversary, the "Fulham Chronicle" ran a special supplement on 7 April 1988, reminding readers of major news stories which had taken place since the launch of the newspaper.
"Chronicle" reporters have covered the major celebrations in Fulham on Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee in 1897, the "devastation and horror" on the streets of Fulham during the Second World War and the history of Fulham Football Club at Craven Cottage.
The centenary edition of the paper featured a message from Queen Elizabeth II, which read: "I was very pleased to receive your kind message of loyal greetings, send on the occasion of the paper's centenary. "I send you, the staff and readers of the Fulham Chronicle, my warm congratulations on this notable anniversary, together with my best wishes for the future."
The 21st century.
A major change to the newspaper was made in 2000, when the title was extended to the "Fulham and Hammersmith Chronicle", and in September 2008, a website was launched.
Then in January 2010 the "Fulham and Hammersmith Chronicle" turned from a paid-for newspaper to a free paper with an increased distribution of 72,000, taking the paper's household penetration in the Hammersmith and Fulham borough from just over 20 per cent to nearly 99 per cent.
A new, updated website www.fulhamchronicle.co.uk was also launched when the newspaper turned free.
Ownership.
The "Fulham and Hammersmith Chronicle" is owned by Trinity Mirror plc which also publishes the "Daily Mirror".

</doc>
<doc id="7043231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043231" title="Gado gado">
Gado gado



</doc>
<doc id="7043232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043232" title="Uxbridge Gazette">
Uxbridge Gazette



</doc>
<doc id="7043236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043236" title="Harrow &amp; Wembley Observer">
Harrow &amp; Wembley Observer



</doc>
<doc id="7043239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043239" title="Hounslow Borough Chronicle">
Hounslow Borough Chronicle



</doc>
<doc id="7043240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043240" title="Sukhirin district">
Sukhirin district

Sukhirin (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the southern part of Narathiwat province, southern Thailand.
History.
"Tambons" Mamong and Sukhirin were separated from Waeng district to create the minor district ("king amphoe") Sukhirin on 1 March 1977. The minor district was officially upgraded to a full district on 21 January 1986.
Originally, this district was called Pajo and was a status as a minor district that was established in 1931 and dissolved in 1941.
Its name "Sukhirin" means "beautiful lush greenery", granted by HRH Princess Srinagarindra in 1967, who had the palace here. Which was named after its spectacular topography with a variety of plant species, forest and mountains.
Geography.
Sukhirin is a district that embraced by mountains and curtains of fog all year. The abundant area encompasses natural resources, forest, mountain ranges and numerous attractions.
Neighboring districts are (from the northwest clockwise): Chanae, Ra-ngae, Su-ngai Padi, Waeng of Narathiwat Province and the states Perak and Kelantan of Malaysia.
Demographics.
In 1963, the Thai government launched the "Nikhom Sang Ton Eng Pak Tai" ('self-development community in the south') program to move families from Thailand's northeastern and central provinces to the Sukhirin and Chanae Districts of Narathiwat. A total of 5,633 families were relocated to Narathiwat, where each family was rewarded with 18 rai of land. In Phukhao Thong today, most inhabitants migrated from the northeast. They continue to speak Isan and are 90% Buddhist in an overwhelmingly Muslim province. , Phukhao Thong residents retain remnants of Isan culture, such as organizing an annual Rocket Festival ("Bun Bung Fai") festival and continuing to play traditional Isan musical instruments such as the "khene" and "phin".
Administration.
The district is divided into five sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 41 villages ("mubans"). The township ("thesaban tambon") Sukhirin covers parts of "tambons" Sukhirin, Mamong and Kia. There are a further five tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Economy.
Phukhao Thong Subdistrict, bordering Malaysia's Kelantan state, has been a gold mining centre since 1932. Then, the French "Societe des Mine d'Or de Litcho" was awarded a 25-year concession to mine for gold in the area. The business was a casualty of World War II, when in 1941 the company was forced to close. During its nine years of mining in the subdistrict, the company extracted 1,951 kg of gold. The shaft of an old mine still exists. Locals still pan for gold in the Sai Buri River and have made gold panning a pillar of the local tourism initiative to draw tourists to the area.

</doc>
<doc id="7043243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043243" title="Enfield Gazette">
Enfield Gazette



</doc>
<doc id="7043246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043246" title="Hackney Gazette">
Hackney Gazette



</doc>
<doc id="7043247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043247" title="Ham &amp; High Broadway">
Ham &amp; High Broadway



</doc>
<doc id="7043249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043249" title="Hampstead &amp; Highgate Express">
Hampstead &amp; Highgate Express



</doc>
<doc id="7043252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043252" title="Hounslow, Feltham and Hanworth Times">
Hounslow, Feltham and Hanworth Times



</doc>
<doc id="7043254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043254" title="Kingston Surbiton and New Malden Times">
Kingston Surbiton and New Malden Times



</doc>
<doc id="7043255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043255" title="Breckenridge Ski Resort">
Breckenridge Ski Resort

Breckenridge Ski Resort is an alpine ski resort in the western United States, in Breckenridge, Colorado. Recognized for acres of skiable terrain across five mountain peaks, it welcomes thousands of skiers and snowboarders each season. Just west of the Continental Divide in Summit County, it is perennially one of the most visited ski resorts in the western hemisphere. Breckenridge is owned and operated by Vail Resorts, Inc.
History.
1960s.
The mountain first opened on December 16, 1961, consisting of trails on Peak 8 serviced currently by the Colorado SuperChair. The main lift was a Heron double chairlift, Lift 1, which had a midway unloading station. Lift 1 ran from the base area up to a point slightly west of the top of the current Colorado SuperChair. This small butte overlooks the Rocky Mountain SuperChair and is accessible by hiking from the Vista Haus along a short dirt road in the summer.
A year later, a Constam double chairlift was installed up the double-black trail Mach One. The lift, later numbered Lift 3, ran from near the present-day Peak 8 SuperConnect's midway load station up to near the top of Lift 5.
In 1965, Lift 1 was supplemented by Lift 2, a Heron double chairlift constructed to serve the south part of Peak 8. A base lodge was also opened on Peak 8, but it was destroyed in an explosion (suspected to be caused by a gas leak) shortly after completion. Breckenridge expanded into high alpine terrain with the construction of a platter lift from near the top of Lift 2 to near the top of the current Lift 6 in 1967.
1970s.
In 1970, Breckenridge was purchased by the Aspen Skiing Company. From 1970 to 1978, the resort expanded onto Peak 9, opening four Riblet double chairlifts (Lift 4 on Peak 8, Lifts B, C, and D on Peak 9) and one triple chairlift (Lift A). Lift A serviced beginner terrain, while Lift C services trails on the north part of the main Peak 9 face. Lift D ran from near the bottom of the Beaver Run SuperChair to near the top of the EpicMix course on Sundown. Lift B ran alongside Cashier, running from the top of the Quicksilver Quad and offloading at the top of the Mercury SuperChair. In 1979, Lift 6 replaced the Peak 8 platter lift. Also in 1979, an alpine slide was constructed on Peak 8 under Lift 5. The slide is composed of three fiberglass tubes - Lanes "A", "B", and "C". "A" and "B" are for slower and inexperienced riders and run parallel to each other. Lane "C" is for solo, more experienced riders, and follows a significantly different alignment from the other two lanes, with a different arrangement of turns, including the presence of a triple-down drop and one more steep straightaway drop. The Alpine slide has mostly been unchanged since construction, the only alteration being a redesign of the lower section of the layout for both tracks as part of One Ski Hill Place construction in 2009.
1980s.
Breckenridge and other ski resorts faced a severe drought in the winter of 1980-1981 and installed snowmaking systems the following year. In 1981, Breckenridge installed the world's first high speed detachable quad chairlift, the Quicksilver Quad running from the Village base area to near the bottom of Lift B. The lift was constructed by Doppelmayr.
In 1983, Riblet constructed Lift E, a double chairlift servicing the north-facing chutes on Peak 9.
In 1984, Doppelmayr constructed the T-Bar, providing access to most of Peak 8's bowl terrain.
In 1985, Breckenridge expanded south on to Peak 10, with the opening of Lift F, a Poma fixed grip quad. A year later, it was upgraded to a high speed quad and renamed the Falcon SuperChair. Runs on Peak 10 were named by mountain manager Jim Gill after World War II planes, like Crystal, Cimarron, Doublejack and Mustang. Also in 1986, another high speed quad named the Colorado SuperChair was built by Poma on Peak 8, replacing Lift 1. The replacement lift ran a different alignment from its predecessor, running up the south side of Spruce and ending at the Vista Haus. With the addition of both the Colorado SuperChair and the Falcon SuperChair, each open peak had one high speed quad on it. All chairlifts built at Breckenridge since these two lifts have been built by Poma and its successor Leitner-Poma.
In the 1987-1988 ski season, Breckenridge topped one million skier visits, as it was sold to Victoria Ltd of Tokyo. Local residents supported the change in ownership, as some believed that the Aspen Skiing Company was exploiting revenue from Breckenridge to support its own four ski areas. Despite Aspen's withdrawal of ownership, some trail signs from this era remained scattered around Peaks 9 and 10 well into the 2010s.
1990s.
In 1990, Peak 9 received its second high speed quad when Poma built the Beaver Run SuperChair, which replaced Lift D and provided top-to-bottom lift service on Peak 9. It is the longest operating lift on the mountain (1.7 miles), and also has the largest vertical drop of any chairlift on the mountain (1,600 feet). A few of Lift D's towers were repurposed as a lift evacuation training area, located just uphill from where the Beaver Run SuperChair crosses under the Peak 8 SuperConnect.
In 1993, Breckenridge was purchased by Ralston-Purina, which already owned Keystone Resort and Arapahoe Basin. The three ski resorts logged a combined 2.6 million skier visits.
Breckenridge and Keystone were purchased by Vail Resorts in 1996, joining the company's other ski areas of Beaver Creek and Vail Ski Resort. Also in 1996, Poma constructed the Snowflake double chairlift, providing mountain access for a number of condominium developments off of Four O'Clock Road. The lift has a midway load partway up that provides access from Peak 9 to Peak 8 as an alternative route to the Peak 8 SuperConnect. The highlight of the lift is a complex 45 degree turn just above the midway load station. As the lift runs clockwise, uphill chairs make a simple 45 degree turn, while downhill chairs must make two separate turns and a 315 degree clockwise turn, plus cross over themselves.
In 1997, two aging double chairlifts were removed and two new high speed quads were built. On Peak 9, Lift B was removed and replaced with the Mercury SuperChair. The replacement lift, while ending at the same place as Lift B, was built parallel to the Beaver Run SuperChair, originating just uphill from the bottom of Lift A to make it accessible from Peak 10, Ten Mile Station, and the north Peak 9 trails. The Mercury SuperChair is not the first lift on Peak 9 to use this name, as the name was previously used on the Beaver Run SuperChair before 1993. On Peak 8, the Rocky Mountain SuperChair was built in anticipation of further expansion north onto Peaks 7 and 6. For the first five years of operations, it served to provide easier access from Peak 8 base to the T-Bar and north Peak 8 trails without a lengthy traverse from the Colorado SuperChair. After the Peak 7 and Peak 6 expansions opened, the Rocky Mountain SuperChair became the primary way to travel from Peak 8 base area to both peaks. At the same time as the Rocky Mountain SuperChair's construction, Lift 2, which supplemented the Colorado SuperChair, was removed.
In 1998, Ten Mile Station opened at the bottom of the Falcon SuperChair, replacing the Falcon's Aerie restaurant at the top of Peak 10. The following year, Breckenridge installed their first high speed six pack to replace the original Quicksilver SuperChair. The original quad was relocated to Owl's Head resort in Quebec, where it operated until 2019. Quicksilver Super6 runs from the Village base area up the Silverthorne trail (to the south of Lift A) and ends at Ten Mile Station. Until the opening of the Disney Skyliner at Walt Disney World in 2019, it was the only double loading aerial lift in North America. The bottom terminal of the lift has two separate loading areas, with an automated switch piece of railing being utilized to direct every other chair to the second loading station. Coinciding with this was the addition of a midway unload station on Lift A near where it passes the top of Quicksilver Super6, allowing skier traffic to bail out early for access to Ten Mile Station.
2000s.
Breckenridge carried out a massive expansion and lift upgrade in 2002, the largest terrain expansion in Colorado that year. The project also entailed the construction of two new chairlifts. The main addition was the opening of a new pod of intermediate trails on Peak 7, to the north of Claimjumper. The terrain was serviced by the resort's second high speed six pack, named the Independence SuperChair. At a time when high speed six packs were still very rare, Breckenridge became the first ski resort in Colorado with more than one high speed six pack.
In addition to Peak 7, a new high speed quad was built to connect Peak 9 to Peak 8. The Peak 8 SuperConnect replaced Lift 4 and improved navigation between the two peaks. Prior to 2002, transitioning from Peak 9 to Peak 8 required going to the top of Peak 9 and taking a black trail called Shock or a blue run called Union to the bottom of Lift 4, or traveling to the Snowflake lift's midway load after 1996. It originates on Peak 9 at the junction of the trails Red Rover and Sundown (just down a hill from Lift A), crosses over the Beaver Run SuperChair and Lift C, runs to a midway load and turn station at Lift 4's loading station, then runs up Lift 4's line to end near the Vista Haus. To guarantee that chairs are available for people using the mid-station, a system of automatic loading gates was introduced. These gates open when the chairs are turning into the loading area and activate a sensor. During busy periods, the gates are programmed to send select chairs through the bottom terminal empty, to be filled by people loading at the midstation.
A big drawback of the Peak 8 alpine bowls from the beginning was that much of the terrain required taking a lengthy 45 minute hike from the top of the T-Bar up the ridge, rendering them inaccessible for the most part, as this meant people had to endure a hike in cold temperatures and strong winds in excess of 35 mph. In 2005, this problem was alleviated when Leitner-Poma constructed a new high speed quad, which outdid Loveland Ski Area's Chair 9 to become the highest operating chairlift in North America. Originating at the top of Lift 6 and topping out just below the summit of Peak 8 at , the Imperial Express SuperChair services the Imperial Bowl and cut the 45 minute hike to a 3-minute lift ride. The T-Bar was retained, as it provides round-trip access to trails in the Contest Bowl and the area immediately north of it.
Construction of a new eight-person gondola was announced on March 12, 2006, meant to serve as a replacement to the ski area buses on Ski Hill Road, and in anticipation of future development at Peak 8 Base. In early 2007, the BreckConnect Gondola opened to the public, improving access from the town to Peak 8 base area. It originates at the transit center off of Park Avenue and Ski Hill Road, and runs up to a first midway turn station at Shock Hill, servicing a condominium development. From here, the gondola travels across the Cucumber Gulch preserve, to just below Peak 7, where it has a second turn terminal and station, servicing Peak 7 base area, the Independence SuperChair, Crystal Peak Lodge, and the Grand Lodge on Peak 7. The gondola then takes a final hop to reach Peak 8 base. The BreckConnect has an hourly capacity of 3,000 pph, and runs every day of winter operations, as well as every day of fun park operations in the summer. For the gondola's first two years of operation, the Peak 7 base area had not yet been developed, and the Peak 7 station merely functioned as a turn terminal.
In 2008, Breckenridge began developing Peak 8 and Peak 7, intending to make Peak 8 the mountain's central hub. This was noticeable in that beginning in 2008, the mountain started opening with Peak 8 first before opening Peak 9 in the early season. From 2008 to 2010, One Ski Hill Place was constructed at Peak 8 base, in between Lift 5 and Lift 7, on what used to be parking lots, and opened to the public in 2010. The lodge has a new food court facility and a cocktail lounge known as the T-Bar (not to be confused with the Peak 8 lift, which was later renamed the Horseshoe Bowl T-Bar). Also in 2008, a new base area opened on Peak 7 at the BreckConnect Gondola's second midstation. Two lodges, the Crystal Peak Lodge and Grand Lodge on Peak 7, anchor the base area. As part of construction, the Independence SuperChair was extended downhill, its bottom terminal now located between Crystal Peak Lodge and Grand Lodge's south building, necessitating the rerouting of Ski Hill Road.
2010s.
In November 2010, the GoldRunner Coaster was constructed in the woods adjacent to Lift 7. The alpine coaster runs winter and summer and supplements the fun park's activities.
The 2011–12 ski season marked the ski resort's 50th anniversary season, with the resort implementing a year-long celebration in honor of a half-century since the resort was founded on December 16, 1961.
While no new lifts were built in 2012, the Colorado SuperChair received new chairs, replacing the original chairs that had been used since the lift's original construction.
In 2013, Breckenridge carried out a massive expansion with the opening of a long-awaited 543 acre expansion onto Peak 6. The expansion was first conceived in 2005, but construction of it was delayed due to opposition from groups that alleged that the expansion would destroy lynx habitat. Peak 6 expanded the resort's in-bounds terrain by 23%, and was the first major lift-serviced expansion at a Colorado ski resort since the construction of the Independence SuperChair in 2002. A new fixed-grip quad and high speed six pack were built as part of the expansion: the quad, known as the Zendo Chair, originates on Peak 7 at the junction of Monte Cristo and Angel's Rest, and travels to the Horizon Warming Hut at 10,800 feet, and is the primary route to access Peak 6. To avoid crowding the Independence SuperChair, a new trail called the Peak 6 Parkway was opened on Peak 7 consisting of new trail segments linking Pioneer to Wirepatch and Wirepatch to Lincoln Meadows, allowing skier traffic from Peak 8 to directly access Zendo without going through Peak 7 base. From the Horizon hut, the six pack, known as the Kensho SuperChair, transports visitors above timberline to an altitude of 12,302 feet and provides access to intermediate bowl terrain. The new six pack is the second highest lift on the mountain, behind only the Imperial Express SuperChair. Trail and lift names on Peak 6 reflect a common theme of the resort's Peak 6 branding, "Awaken Your Sixth Sense". The choice of trail names was historic in that they were selected by way of a crowdsourced naming contest on the resort's Facebook page, the first time this had ever been done by a ski resort. Zendo and the Kensho SuperChair opened to skier traffic on December 25, 2013, expanding the resort to 2,908 acres spread across five peaks.
On March 29, 2013, Breckenridge announced that the resort had launched plans to completely re-imagine the Fun Park's summer activity offerings on the mountain as part of the Vail Resorts Epic Discovery summer program, launched in the summer of 2015. This includes the construction of several zip lines on Peak 8 and Peak 7. The first of these was the Ten Mile Flyer on Peak 8, constructed immediately adjacent to the GoldRunner Coaster's lift hill, and opened on January 22, 2014.
By 2014, the original Colorado SuperChair was beginning to show its age and had become a bottleneck for congestion. Consequently, for the 2014–2015 season, Leitner-Poma replaced it with what became the resort's fourth high speed six pack. The upgraded Colorado SuperChair increased the lift's uphill capacity from 2,800 people per hour to 3,600 people per hour, easing congestion on Peak 8, especially during the early season when it is the sole intermediate terrain lift open. It is the sole six pack on the mountain to use a conveyor loading belt, similar to ones utilized at many European ski resorts, which cuts down on stops and slows due to falls in the loading area. It is also the second lift on the mountain to have such a carpet belt, after Rip's Ride (also on Peak 8). Alongside the Colorado SuperChair, the replacement chairs installed on the original quad were relocated to the Beaver Run SuperChair to replace that lift's aging Competition chairs. The Peak 9 Restaurant at the top of Lift C was renovated and turned into a new facility known as the Overlook Restaurant, after the original owners' lease expired at the end of the 2013–2014 season.
For 2016, a new restaurant, Pioneer Crossing, was opened at the top of the Independence SuperChair, replacing a warming hut that had existed there since the opening of Peak 7.
For the 2017–2018 season, the Falcon SuperChair, at this point more than 30 years old, was upgraded to a high speed six pack by Leitner-Poma. With the upgrade, each of the five peaks has one high speed six pack on it.
2020s.
For the 2021-2022 season, Leitner-Poma constructed a high speed quad servicing trails on the north side of Peak 7. The Freedom SuperChair supplemented the Independence SuperChair, while also creating a route bypassing the Peak 7 base area for skier traffic heading south from Peak 6 to Peak 8.
Layout.
Breckenridge is spread out across the five peaks that make up the southern half of the Tenmile Range. The peaks are numbered from southernmost (Peak 10) to northernmost (Peak 6) 'til 2012. Prior to development of Peak 6, directional trail signs between peaks were color coded: Peak 9, orange arrows, Peak 10 yellow, Peak 8 purple, Peak 7 red,
Backcountry.
Backcountry skiing and snowboarding, also called ski mountaineering, alpine touring or skinning has become a popular way to ramp up aerobic fitness or head into the unmarked and unpatrolled backcountry to “earn your turns” outside of the resort. While Breckenridge is a hub for backcountry exploration, going into the “backcountry” can be extremely dangerous and requires appropriate gear, education and terrain knowledge before stepping a foot on the snow. Before entering through skiers and snowboarders must have great background knowledge and training, a plan of what they intend to do, the right gear, and must be prepared for anything. The backcountry of Breckenridge is not maintained by ski patrol or the avalanche team. You are responsible for your own safety and survival.
Peak 10.
Peak 10 is the southernmost peak on the mountain. This is the "expert" side of the mountain containing only black and double black trails which are made accessible from the Falcon SuperChair. The speedy Falcon SuperChair allows skiers and snowboarders to gain a vertical rise of 1,404 ft./ 428 meters. The advanced terrain on Peak 10 varies, from groomers underneath and near the lift, to glades on the north side of the Peak 10 ridge, and double black chutes on the far south side. There are 15 different runs that the lift gives access to. 6 runs are double blacks toward the far left side and 9 are blacks on the other side. Due to the difficulty of the side of the mountain, the Falcon SuperChair rarely has a wait time longer than 5 minutes.
Peak 9.
The second oldest peak, the lower part of Peak 9 is a beginner learning slope, accessed by Quicksilver Super6 and Lift A. On the upper part of Peak 9 are intermediate blue runs serviced by the Mercury SuperChair, Beaver Run SuperChair, and Lift C. On the north side of Peak 9, facing towards Peak 8, are the North Chutes, double black-rated chutes serviced by E chair which also functions as an access lift to transition from Peak 8 to Peaks 9 and 10.
Peak 8.
Lower Peak 8 is home to the base village of Breckenridge. It consists of beginner trails, as well as many intermediate trails mixed with some advanced runs. There are four lifts out of the base area: Rip's Ride lift which services a beginner learning area; 5 Chair, which services more advanced beginner terrain, the Freeway and Park Lane Terrain Parks, and the Alpine Slide. At the north end of the base area, the Colorado SuperChair provides access to the Vista Haus, central Peak 8, as well as access to the Peak 8 back bowls and Peak 9, while the Rocky Mountain SuperChair provides access to northern Peak 8, the T-Bar, Peak 7, and Peak 6 Via the Zendo quad chair. Peak 8 is home to some of the premier terrain parks in the country: the black diamond rated Freeway and blue Park Lane terrain parks. These are home to the 27-person Breck Pro Team, as well as numerous other extreme sports groups from around the world who use the parks to prepare for such events as The Dew Tour and X-Games.
The upper part of Peak 8, is composed of advanced and expert terrain. This area is made up of expert chutes, the lower part being accessed by the Peak 8 SuperConnect, while the upper part is accessed from 6-chair. Two lifts on Peak 8 go above tree-line: the T-Bar, accessible from the Rocky Mountain SuperChair, services northern Peak 8's chutes. The Imperial Express SuperChair, reachable from Lift 6, is the highest operating chairlift in the world and services the Imperial Bowl, the Lake Chutes, and access to the Peak 7 Bowl. The Lake Chutes present some the steepest terrain in the region, and are a series of daunting chutes with an incline of up to 55 degrees and running vertically for about . Hiking from the top of the Imperial lift allows access to the summit of Peak 8 and a variety of cornices and chutes. It can get very windy and cold at the top, and in poor visibility conditions the peak may be closed.
Peak 7.
Peak 7's bowls are accessible by hiking from the T-Bar or a traverse from the top of the Imperial Express SuperChair. The lower part of Peak 7 is an area of rolling intermediate trails, groomed nightly. Peak 7's base area is composed of two large lodges, the Crystal Peak Lodge and the Grand Lodge on Peak 7, and is connected to town by one of two midway stations on the BreckConnect Gondola. The base area also has a restaurant, Sevens, opened in February 2009. Peak 7's terrain is serviced by the Independence and Freedom SuperChairs. The Zendo lift used to access Peak 6 also begins on Peak 7.
Peak 6.
Peak 6 is primarily geared towards providing bowl terrain for intermediate skiers and riders, but also includes a large amount of advanced terrain and chutes. Access to Guests coming from Peak 7 can also use the Wanderlust trail from the Pioneer Restaurant at the top of the Independence SuperChair. From the Horizon warming hut, the Kensho SuperChair runs above timberline to an altitude of 12,302 feet, making it the world's highest elevation six pack and providing direct access to intermediate bowl trails, with further access to chutes in the Serenity Bowl (to the south) and Beyond Bowl (to the north) via a short hike from the top. The hike to the top of the mountain is directly in front of skiers and snowboarders when they get off of the Kensho SuperChair. The steep hike provides an additional incline of 217 feet. The hike is very difficult due to the lack of oxygen and vertical climb. It is often not open to public due to snow conditions that may cause avalanches. Once people get to the top they have the option of 15 different expert chutes.
Lifts.
As of 2025, Breckenridge has a total of 35 lifts.
Dew Tour.
In December 2008, Breckenridge hosted the first Winter Dew Tour. Breckenridge continued to host the event annually in the second or third weekend in December. However in 2020, the Winter Dew Tour moved to Copper Mountain and occurred during the second weekend of February; with plans to continue the Tour at Copper Mountain for the next few years.

</doc>
<doc id="7043257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043257" title="National Security Surveillance Act of 2006">
National Security Surveillance Act of 2006



</doc>
<doc id="7043258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043258" title="Richmond and Twickenham Times">
Richmond and Twickenham Times

The Richmond and Twickenham Times is a weekly local newspaper that was established in 1873 and is published on Fridays. It covers the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames in south-west London and surrounding areas.
History.
The "Richmond and Twickenham Times" was established in 1873 by 26-year-old Edward King who ran the paper for 21 years until he was declared insane in 1894. From 1896 it was owned by the Dimbleby family. Richard Dimbleby was managing editor and editor-in-chief from 1946. After his death in 1965, his son David Dimbleby took over. The paper was sold by the Dimblebys to Newsquest in 2001.
In April 2003 when he retired, Malcolm Richards was the country's longest serving newspaper editor, having filled the role for 27 years.
The "Richmond and Twickenham Times" went tabloid in January 2008.
The newspaper was based at King Street, Richmond from 1873 to 2007 and in London Road, Twickenham from 2007. The newspaper moved from its headquarters in Twickenham to Quadrant House in Sutton in May 2014 in a move to cut costs.
Other editions.
The Dimbleby group also created the "Thames Valley Times", the "Chiswick Times", the "Barnes, Mortlake and Sheen Times", the "Wandsworth Borough News", the "Kingston, Surbiton and New Malden Times", the "Hounslow, Feltham and Hanworth Times", the "Putney and Wimbledon Times" and the "Battersea News". The "Wandsworth Borough News" closed in 2009. The others have ceased publication also, the "Hounslow and Brentford Times" and the "Chiswick Times" closing in July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="7043259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043259" title="Teddington and Hampton Times">
Teddington and Hampton Times



</doc>
<doc id="7043263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043263" title="Willesden &amp; Brent Times">
Willesden &amp; Brent Times



</doc>
<doc id="7043264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043264" title="Birchbark biting">
Birchbark biting

Birchbark biting (Ojibwe: Mazinibaganjigan, plural: mazinibaganjiganan) is an Indigenous artform made by Anishinaabeg, including Ojibwe people, Potawatomi, and Odawa, as well as Cree and other Algonquian peoples of the Subarctic and Great Lakes regions of Canada and the United States. Artists bite on small pieces of folded birch bark to form intricate designs.
Indigenous artists used birchbark biting for entertaining in storytelling and to create patterns for quillwork and other art forms.
In the 17th century, Jesuits sent samples of this artform to Europe, where it had been previously unknown. The practice remained common in Saskatchewan into the 1950s.
Name.
Birchbark biting is also known as "mazinashkwemaganjigan(-an)" (by Northwestern Ontario Ojibwe) and "njigan(-an)" (by Wisconsin Ojibwe). In English, this has been described either as "birch bark bitings" or "birch bark transparencies."
Process.
Artists chose thin and flexible pieces of birch bark. This kind of bark is easiest to find in the early spring. Using the eyeteeth to bite, the bite pressures can either pierce the bark pieces into a lace or just make certain areas thinner to allow for light to pass through. If the bark piece is carefully folded, symmetrical designs can also be made onto it.
Uses.
Many of the designs that are used contain symbolic and religious significance to the Ojibwe and other tribes. Though the practice almost died out, an estimated dozen practitioners are active in Canada and the United States, some of whom display the craft in contexts outside of their original intentions to show evidence of this ancient practice. Birchbark bitings can be used in storytelling, as patterns for quillwork and beadwork, as well as finished pieces of art. The holes created by biting are sometimes filled with coloured threads to create woven designs.

</doc>
<doc id="7043267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043267" title="Chaminade-Julienne High School">
Chaminade-Julienne High School



</doc>
<doc id="7043271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043271" title="C-J High School">
C-J High School



</doc>
<doc id="7043272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043272" title="CJ High School">
CJ High School



</doc>
<doc id="7043273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043273" title="Chaminade-Julienne Catholic High School">
Chaminade-Julienne Catholic High School



</doc>
<doc id="7043276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043276" title="Chaminade Julienne Catholic High School">
Chaminade Julienne Catholic High School



</doc>
<doc id="7043279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043279" title="Andrew Tyler">
Andrew Tyler

Andrew Tyler (8 September 1946 – 28 April 2017) was an English animal rights activist and journalist. He was the director of the animal rights organisation Animal Aid, until 2016. As a journalist, he wrote for "Drapers &amp; Fashion Weekly", "NME", "Time Out", "The Guardian" and "The Independent".
Biography.
Tyler was born on 8 September 1946, in Hackney, London. He grew up in a Jewish children's home from the ages of six to fourteen, when he left school and worked his way up to being a junior reporter at "Drapers &amp; Fashion Weekly". Tyler wrote for "NME" from 1973 to 1980, interviewing several famous musicians including, Bruce Springsteen, Stevie Wonder, Ray Davies, Leonard Cohen and John Lennon. In the early 1980s, he was news feature editor for "Time Out". He joined Animal Aid in 1995, later becoming director.
Tyler married Sara Starkey in 1978, who had a son from a previous marriage.
Near the end of his life, Tyler suffered from a degenerative back condition and Parkinson's disease. He retired in 2016 and finished his memoir "My Life As an Animal" (2017). For the final six weeks of his life, he recorded a video diary, in which he advocated for allowing people to die with dignity. Tyler ended his life at the Dignitas clinic in Switzerland, on 28 April 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="7043283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043283" title="Cluster Springs, Virgnia">
Cluster Springs, Virgnia



</doc>
<doc id="7043293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043293" title="The Conan Chronicles 2">
The Conan Chronicles 2

The Conan Chronicles 2 is a 1990 omnibus collection of two previous fantasy collections and one fantasy novel by American writers Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter, featuring Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian, published by Orbit Books. The component books had originally been published by Lancer Books in 1966, 1968 and 1971, and later reissued by Ace Books. The omnibus collection was preceded by "The Conan Chronicles".

</doc>
<doc id="7043308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043308" title="Hanna Neumann">
Hanna Neumann

Johanna (Hanna) Neumann (née von Caemmerer; 12 February 1914 – 14 November 1971) was a German-born mathematician who worked on group theory.
Biography.
Neumann was born on 12 February 1914 in Lankwitz, Steglitz-Zehlendorf (today a district of Berlin), Germany. She was the youngest of three children of Hermann and Katharina von Caemmerer. As a result of her father's death in the first days of the First World War, the family income was small, and from the age of thirteen she was coaching school children.
After two years at a private school she entered the Auguste-Viktoria-Schule, a girls' grammar school (Realgymnasium), in 1922. She graduated in early 1932 and then entered the University of Berlin. The lecture courses in mathematics that she took in her first year were: Introduction to Higher Mathematics given by Georg Feigl; Analytical Geometry and Projective Geometry both given by Ludwig Bieberbach, Differential and Integral Calculus given by Erhard Schmidt, and the Theory of Numbers given by Friedrich Schur. She also took formal courses in physics, and attended lectures in psychology, literature and law.
As a result of her first year work, Hanna was awarded three-quarters' remission of fees and a position as a part-time assistant in the Mathematical Institute's library.
A friendship between Hanna and Bernhard Neumann began in January 1933. In March 1933, the Nazis came to power and in August 1933, Bernhard, who was Jewish, moved to Cambridge, England. She visited Bernhard in London at Easter 1934 and they became secretly engaged. After this she returned to Germany to continue her studies.
In her second year Neumann was part of a group of students who tried to prevent Nazi disruption of Jewish academics' lectures by ensuring that only genuine students attended. She lost her job in the Mathematical Institute, presumably as a result of such activities. However she had by then been awarded, and continued to earn for the rest of her course, full remission of fees.
In the remainder of her undergraduate degree, she studied mathematics, physics and philosophy. She completed her studies in 1936 with distinctions in the Staatsexamen in mathematics and physics. She began studying for her Ph.D. at the University of Göttingen in 1937, under the supervision of Helmut Hasse.
During this time Bernhard and Hanna corresponded anonymously through friends, and were only able to meet once, in Denmark in 1936 when Bernhard was travelling to the International Congress of Mathematicians in Oslo. In July 1938, Hanna moved to England. She married Bernhard in December 1938 in Cardiff. They went on to have five children. The Neumanns moved to Oxford in 1940.
Neumann completed her D Phil. in group theory at the Society of Oxford Home-Students in 1944 under Olga Taussky-Todd. Her thesis was entitled 'Sub-group Structure of Free Products of Groups with an Amalgamated Subgroup'. The University of Oxford later awarded her a D.Sc. for her publications.
Following her naturalisation as a British citizen, she took a teaching position at the University of Hull in 1946. From 1958 she took up a lecturing post at the Mathematics Department of Manchester College of Science and Technology (later to become UMIST). In 1961-1962 the Neumanns spent a year at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences.
The Neumanns moved to Australia in August 1963 to take academic positions at the Australian National University in Canberra. She was made chair of pure mathematics in 1964 and was dean of students between 1968 and 1969.
She died from a cerebral aneurysm while on a lecture tour in Ottawa, Ontario. A building at the Australian National University was named in her honour in 1973. Four of her five children became mathematicians including Peter M. Neumann and Walter Neumann.
Research and publications.
Her most widely known work "Varieties of Groups" was published in 1967. It has been translated into Russian. She published 34 articles, most in international journals.
Hanna and her husband are known for the Higman-Neumann-Neumann construction in group theory, and the Hanna Neumann conjecture is named after her.
Teaching and supervision.
At the time of her appointment, the Department at ANU had recently started an honours programme in mathematics and were looking for a relatively senior pure mathematician to be responsible for that aspect of the courses. Neumann began organizing courses which would show the students something of mathematics as she saw it. She was able to introduce into the first year course, which had till then been entirely problem-oriented, a small strand of one lecture a week of an introduction to mathematics in the style of Feigl-Rohrbach. The later-year algebra courses much more thoroughly reflected her own interests and views. She continued to develop a style of teaching which aimed at making the acquisition of very abstract ideas accessible through judicious use of more concrete examples and well-graded exercises.
Hanna supervised 10 doctoral students and has 51 descendants.

</doc>
<doc id="7043309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043309" title="STS 41-B">
STS 41-B



</doc>
<doc id="7043313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043313" title="STS 41-C">
STS 41-C



</doc>
<doc id="7043315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043315" title="Johanna Neuman">
Johanna Neuman

Johanna Neuman is an American journalist, and historian.
Life.
She worked for "USA Today" and the "Los Angeles Times". She was a Nieman Fellow. 
She graduated from American University. She was scholar in residence at American University.

</doc>
<doc id="7043316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043316" title="Than To district">
Than To district

Than To (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in southern Yala province, Thailand.
History.
The "tambon" Mae Wat was separated from Bannang Sata district on 9 June 1975 and formed the new minor district ("king amphoe") Than To. It was upgraded to a full district on 13 July 1981.
The area had been the site of the Than To Prison of the Corrections Department. The prison was established in 1935 for political prisoners. It was closed in 1957. Later the government converted the area to Than To Estate.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Bannang Sata of Yala Province; Si Sakhon of Narathiwat province; Betong of Yala Province; and Kedah state of Malaysia.
Administration.
Central administration.
The district Than To is subdivided into 4 subdistricts ("Tambon"), which are further subdivided into 37 administrative villages ("Muban").
Local administration.
There is one subdistrict municipality ("Thesaban Tambon") in the district:
There are 4 subdistrict administrative organizations (SAO) in the district:

</doc>
<doc id="7043318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043318" title="Johanna von Caemmerer">
Johanna von Caemmerer



</doc>
<doc id="7043319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043319" title="Arthur Reginald Evans">
Arthur Reginald Evans

Arthur Reginald Evans, DSC (14 May 1905 – 31 January 1989) was an Australian coastwatcher in the Pacific Ocean theatre in World War II. He is chiefly remembered for having played a significant part in the rescue of future US President John F. Kennedy and his surviving crew after their motor torpedo boat, "PT-109", was sunk by the Japanese in August 1943.
Early life.
Evans was born in Sydney, New South Wales, on 14 May 1905, the oldest of three children to parents Stuart and Edith. Interested in being a sailor, after high school, he was rejected for a cadetship at the naval college in Jervis Bay, so joined as a senior cadet in the local militia instead, eventually becoming a second lieutenant.
In 1929, he went to Vanuatu as the assistant manager of a coconut plantation. He later returned to Sydney and worked for the shipping company, Burns Philp. He worked as a manager for them in the Solomon Islands for the next decade.
Military career.
After the outbreak of World War II in Europe, he returned to Australia to enlist in the navy in 1940 but was knocked back. On 25 July 1940, Evans enlisted in the Australian Imperial Force (AIF) and served with the 2/9th Army Field Regiment, Royal Australian Artillery, becoming a Warrant Officer Class 2. He sailed to the Middle East in 1941 with the AIF. When the Pacific war started, his unit was recalled to defend Australia.
After suffering a bout of malaria, he applied for a transfer to the navy. He was discharged from the AIF on 9 October 1942. Two days later he was commissioned as a sub-lieutenant in the Royal Australian Naval Volunteer Reserve (RANVR). He was quickly assigned to serve in the secretive Coast Watch Organisation since his knowledge of the Solomon Islands meant he was of value to Naval Intelligence.
In his new role, he was sent to Guadalcanal in December 1942 for further training. He then covertly manned an observation post atop Mount Veve volcano on Kolombangara, a small circular volcanic island, with the aid of local Melanesian guides. Here, he observed the airstrips and the 10,000 Japanese soldiers who were camped at Vila, on the island's southeastern tip. In May 1943, he was joined by Frank Nash, an American sent to assist him. In order to increase the area observed, he requested a relocation to nearby Gomu Island across the Blackett Strait.
"PT-109" incident.
In the moonless early hours of 2 August 1943, as Evans was planning to leave for Gomu, he spotted the explosion of John F. Kennedy's boat "PT-109", although he did not realise at the time it was an Allied loss. At 9:30 am he received and decoded the Playfair-encrypted message, "PT Boat 109 lost in action in Blackett Strait two miles SW Meresu Cove. Crew of twelve. Request any information."
Evans dispatched one of his five teams of Solomon Islander scouts, Biuku Gasa and Eroni Kumana, in dugout canoes to locate the crew. On 5 August, they located the survivors and returned to Rendova with a message written on a coconut. It read:
NAURO ISL COMMANDER NATIVE KNOWS POS'IT HE CAN PILOT 11 ALIVE NEED SMALL BOAT KENNEDY
On 6 August, Evans sent another canoe with fresh fish, yams, potatoes, corned beef hash, and rice to Kennedy and his crew, with a message stating:
To Senior Officer, Naru Is. Friday 11 pm. Have just learnt of your presence on Naru Is. and also that two natives have taken news to Rendova. I strongly advise you return immediately to here in this canoe and by the time you arrive here I will be in radio communication with authorities at Rendova and we can finalise plans to collect balance your party. (signed) A. R. Evans Lt. R.A.N.V.R. Will warn aviation of your crossing Ferguson Passage.
Kennedy reluctantly returned with the scouts in their canoe, hidden under palm fronds, as Japanese planes patrolled overhead. On Gomu, Evans was waiting at the beach and around 6 pm the two met. He suggested Kennedy proceed to Rendova with some natives but this was rejected. The next morning, he contacted PT headquarters in Rendova and coordinated the rescue efforts via encrypted messages until "PT-157" collected Kennedy. With Kennedy aboard, "PT-157" rescued the other crew members on Olasana Island in the early morning of 8 August, after dispatching rowing boats to pick them up.
Post-war.
Evans continued in his service. He was discharged from the navy in Adelaide on 16 May 1946. He became an accountant for a firm in Sydney.
Although Evans' letter to Kennedy was kept after the rescue, his identity remained obscure in the media for the next 17 years, as his name from the signature was misread, and other details obscured during the war to protect his identity. Searches for him eventually narrowed the possible candidates, and his identity was confirmed after a congratulatory card he sent for the 1961 presidential inauguration was matched by a handwriting expert to the letter.
Evans was then invited to the US, and met with PT-boat veterans in New York in April 1961, and with Kennedy, visiting the White House on 1 May. Earlier, the scouts Gasa and Kumana had been invited to attend his inauguration, but were prevented from attending.
While in the US, Evans appeared on various TV shows and was interviewed by several newspapers. In 1961, Robert J. Donovan interviewed Evans for his 1961 book "PT-109: John F. Kennedy in World War II". Evans was mentioned by name in 1962 in Jimmy Dean's "PT-109" song. In 1962, he returned to the Solomons along with celebrity Jack Paar and was able to reunite with his scout friends.
He became best known via the 1963 film "PT-109", a Warner Brothers adaptation of Donovan's book, where he was portrayed by Australian Michael Pate. In the film, it was remarked what kind of a job it would be: "it's a lonely job, if he's found, that's how he's going to die". Evans was also depicted in an episode of "Adventure Unlimited".
After the death of Kennedy, the framed letter, and the famous coconut message, was sent to the president's library. In 1973, Walter Lord met Evans while researching his 1977 coastwatcher book, "Lonely Vigil". He was featured in a 2002 National Geographic special, "The Search for Kennedy's PT 109" and the 2010 Patrick Lindsay book, "The Coast Watchers, Behind Enemy Lines: The Men Who Saved the Pacific". He appeared in the 2015 William Doyle book, "."
Personal life.
Evans met Getrude Slaney Poole, an amateur actress from Adelaide, who was working in the Solomons in the late 1930s as a secretary to a female lawyer. The couple married in August 1940, three weeks after he joined the army. Gertrude died on 24 June 1963, a month prior to the "PT-109" film's Australian premiere. No mention was made of children in the funeral notice.
Evans later remarried another woman, Fran, who also predeceased him. He died aged 83 on 31 January 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="7043320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043320" title="Camp A.A. Humphreys">
Camp A.A. Humphreys



</doc>
<doc id="7043322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043322" title="STS 51-D">
STS 51-D



</doc>
<doc id="7043325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043325" title="STS 61-B">
STS 61-B



</doc>
<doc id="7043330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043330" title="Australian Air Traffic Control">
Australian Air Traffic Control



</doc>
<doc id="7043333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043333" title="STS 41-D">
STS 41-D



</doc>
<doc id="7043337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043337" title="Bannang Sata district">
Bannang Sata district

Bannang Sata (, ; ; Jawi: بنڠ ستر ) is a district ("amphoe") in the southern part of Yala province, southern Thailand. It is the site of the Bang Lang Dam and reservoir.
History.
The name "Bannang Sata" is the Thai iteration of "Benang Setar" (Jawi: بنڠ ستار), its original Malay name. "Benang" means 'sewing thread', while "setar" is a 'tree with small, sour fruit' (Bouea macrophylla).
In the past the district was named "Ba Cho" (บาเจาะ) controlled by Mueang Raman, created in 1907. The name "Bacho" is a Thai iteration of "'Bachok" (Jawi: باچوق), its original Malay name. Later, the district office was moved to a new location and renamed "Bannang Sata".
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the northwest clockwise): Yaha, Krong Pinang, and Raman of Yala Province; Rueso and Si Sakhon of Narathiwat province; Than To of Yala Province; and Kedah state of Malaysia.
Administration.
Central administration.
Bannang Sata is divided into six sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 50 administrative villages ("mubans").
Local administration.
There are two sub-district municipalities ("thesaban tambons") in the district:
There are five sub-district administrative organizations (SAO) in the district:

</doc>
<doc id="7043340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043340" title="Seventh-day Adventist theology">
Seventh-day Adventist theology

The theology of the Seventh-day Adventist Church resembles early Protestant Christianity, combining elements from Lutheran, Wesleyan-Arminian, and Anabaptist branches of Protestantism. The Seventh-day Adventist Church is "one of the fastest-growing and most widespread churches worldwide", with a worldwide baptized membership of over 25 million in 212 countries. Adventists believe in the infallibility of the Scripture's teaching regarding salvation, which comes from grace through faith in Jesus Christ. The 28 fundamental beliefs constitute the church's current doctrinal positions, but they are revisable under the guidance of the Holy Spirit, and are not a creed.
There are many teachings held exclusively by Seventh-day Adventists. Some distinctive doctrines of the Seventh-Day Adventist church which differentiate it from other Christian churches include: the perpetuity of the seventh-day Sabbath, the state of unconsciousness in death, conditional immortality, an atoning ministry of Jesus Christ in the heavenly sanctuary, and an 'investigative judgment' that commenced in 1844. Furthermore, a traditionally historicist approach to prophecy has led Adventists to develop a unique system of eschatological beliefs which incorporates a commandment-keeping 'remnant', a universal end-time crisis revolving around the law of God, and the visible return of Jesus Christ prior to a millennial reign of believers in heaven.
Overview.
Official beliefs.
The Seventh-day Adventist denomination expresses its official teachings in a formal statement known as the 28 Fundamental Beliefs. This statement of beliefs was originally adopted by the church's General Conference in 1980, with an additional belief (number 11) being added in 2005. The General Conference session in San Antonio, Texas in 2015 made some changes to the wording of several fundamental beliefs. Also significant are the baptismal vows, of which there are two versions; candidates for church membership are required to accept one.
In addition to the fundamental beliefs, a number of "Official Statements " have been voted on by the church leadership, although only some of these are doctrinal in nature. The "Seventh-day Adventist Bible Commentary" is a significant expression of Adventist theological thought.
Source of authority.
View of Scripture.
The first fundamental belief of the church stated that "The Holy Scriptures are the infallible revelation of [God's] will." Adventist theologians generally reject the "verbal inspiration" position on Scripture held by many conservative evangelical Christians. They believe instead that God inspired the thoughts of the biblical authors, and that the authors then expressed these thoughts in their own words. This view is popularly known as "thought inspiration", and most Adventist members hold to that view. According to Ed Christian, former "JATS" editor, "few if any ATS members believe in verbal inerrancy".
Adventists generally reject higher critical approaches to Scripture. The 1986 statement Methods of Bible Study, "urge[s] Adventist Bible students to avoid relying on the use of the presuppositions and the resultant deductions associated with the historical-critical method."
Role of Ellen White.
Seventh-day Adventist approaches to theology are affected by the level of authority accorded the writings of Ellen White. Mainstream Adventists believe that White had the spiritual gift of prophecy, but that her writings are subject to testing by the Bible, which has ultimate authority.
According to one church document, "her expositions on any given Bible passage offer an inspired guide to the meaning of texts without exhausting their meaning or preempting the task of exegesis." "The Inspiration and Authority of the Ellen G. White Writings", document was issued by the Biblical Research Institute of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists. It has received worldwide review and input, although is not an official statement. It concludes that a proper understanding will avoid the two extremes of regarding her "writings as functioning on a canonical level identical with Scripture, or […] considering them as ordinary Christian literature."
Because of Ellen's endorsement in 1888, of some of Jones and Waggoner's positions, many went on to accept nearly everything they said a truth. However, Jones lead those who would not seek Bible counsel alone into four false ideas, 1) to use Ellen's works as basis for sermons, 2) verbal inspiration of all her writings, 3) her writings were inerrant with no factual errors, and 4) literary and historical context of a statement was not important. Ellen rejected these positions and Jones eventually became Ellen's most vocal enemy. However, Some SDAs still accept and promote these uses of Ellen's writings.
Relation to other groups.
Adventist theology is distinctly Protestant, and yet in common with many restorationist groups, Adventists have taught that the majority of Protestant churches have failed to "complete" the Reformation by overturning the doctrinal errors of Roman Catholicism (see also Great Apostasy) and "restoring" the beliefs and practices of the primitive church—including seventh-day Sabbath keeping, adult baptism and non-immortality of the soul.
Adventists typically do not consider themselves part of the Fundamentalist Christianity community: "Theologically, Seventh-day Adventists have a number of beliefs in common with Fundamentalists, but for various reasons have never been identified with the movement... On their part, Adventists reject as unbiblical a number of teachings held by many (though not all) Fundamentalists..."
Theological roots.
While Adventism stands within the larger stream of Protestantism that emerged from the 16th-century Reformation led by figures like Martin Luther, John Calvin, and Ulrich Zwingli, its theological formation was more directly shaped by 19th-century American Restorationism and revivalist movements. Although Adventists shared certain convictions with groups like the Anabaptists—such as believer’s baptism and a commitment to Sola Scriptura—the movement did not descend from the Radical Reformation. Instead, its founders were influenced by the Christian Connexion, Methodism, and the ethos of the Second Great Awakening, all of which emphasized a return to biblical faith, personal piety, and preparation for Christ’s second coming. Adventism’s focus on biblical prophecy, seventh-day Sabbath observance, and the conditional immortality of the soul set it apart from both Magisterial and Radical Reformation traditions.
Restorationism was a vital force in many 19th century American religious movements. Restorationists believe that the Reformation, which began in the 16th century, would not be complete until the last vestiges of tradition were gone. Roman Catholic errors needed to be overturned and the teaching of the Bible firmly in place. They espoused "Sola Scriptura", wanting Biblical evidence for every position. The Bible was to be their only guide-book in faith and practice. Its largest impact was the fostering of the getting back to the Bible attitude. Christian Connexion made an extremely large impact on Millerite Adventism and Sabbatarian Adventism. However, like many restorationist groups, Adventists have typically taught that the majority of Protestant churches have failed to "complete" the Reformation by "restoring" the beliefs and practices of the primitive church—including Sabbath keeping, adult baptism and non-immortality of the soul. Captain Joseph Bates described the seventh-day Sabbath as one of things that needed to be restored to the church before Christ would return.
Another doctrine which historically differentiated the Earlier, or Pioneer period of the Seventh-day Adventist Church from other Protestant denominations was the non-trinitarian belief in God as the Father, Christ as the Son of God, and the Holy Spirit as the Spirit of both God and of Jesus. This teaching was based on their early study of the Bible in meetings held in the 1840's and 50's. Said their Pioneer founder Ellen White: “I do not wish to ignore or drop one link in the chain of evidence that was formed as, after the passing of the time in 1844, little companies of seekers after truth met together to study the Bible and to ask God for light and guidance. . . . The truth, point by point, was fastened in our minds so firmly that we could not doubt. . . . The evidence given in our early experience has the same force that it had then. The truth is the same as it ever has been, and not a pin or a pillar can be moved from the structure of truth. That which was sought for out of the Word in 1844, 1845, and 1846 remains the truth in every particular." Letter 38, 1906, pp. 1, 2. (To the Wahroonga Sanitarium Family, January 23, 1906.) {E. G. White, Manuscript Releases Volume 1, p. 52} Of these doctrinal Truths which they then held James S. White, her husband and General Conference President, wrote: “THE POSITION OF THE REMNANT
As fundamental errors, we might class with this counterfeit (Sunday) sabbath other errors which Protestants have brought away from the Catholic church, such as sprinkling for baptism, the TRINITY, the consciousness of the dead and eternal life in misery. The mass who have held these fundamental errors, have doubtless done it ignorantly; but can it be supposed that the church of Christ will carry along with her these errors till the judgment scenes burst upon the world? We think not...Here are they [in the period of a message given just before the Son of man takes his place upon the white cloud, Rev.xiv,14] that keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus." This class, who live just prior to the second advent, will not be keeping the traditions of men, neither will they be holding fundamental errors relative to the plan of salvation through Jesus Christ. And as the true light shines out upon these subjects, and is rejected by the mass, then condemnation will come upon them. … Solemn dreadful, swiftly-approaching hour!” {J. S. White, Review &amp; Herald, September 12, 1854} Yet, the SDA Church recently has labeled that earlier Pioneer leadership position "in error," and has since officially changed the doctrinal position on the "Godhead" into a fully Evangelical teaching of the Trinity at the Dallas General Conference of SDA in 1980.
The Methodist or Wesleyan movement was influential in early 19th-century America. Its freewill orientation (as opposed to the predestination perspective of the Puritan heritage) seemed to line up with the experience of a nation nurtured in a frontier mentality where anything could be accomplished if one willed it and worked at it. Methodism popularized such ideas as Christ dying for all people rather than for just a predestined elect; that people had free will rather than a predestined will; that God's Spirit worked with every person through prevenient grace to wake them up to a sense of their need to turn to Christ; that people could accept salvation through a faith response to God's Holy Spirit; that one could resist grace and harden the heart; and that a Christian could fall from grace through apostasy. Those theological concepts stood in sharp contrast to the inherited Puritan/Calvinistic mentality that had dominated colonial Christianity. Adventists also accepted with Wesley the Reformation concept of justification by faith. To counteract antinomianism, Wesley emphasized sanctification as a process of becoming more like Jesus. Justification was the work of a moment while sanctification was the work of a lifetime. The concept the perfection was the dynamic biblical concept in which one lived in a growing state of perfect love toward God and other people.
Although William Miller had identified as a Deist prior to his conversion, he later rejected Deist views after an in-depth study of the Bible led him to embrace Christianity. Miller's background in Deist rationalism influenced the method—but not the theology—of his biblical interpretation. He adopted a logical, inductive approach to Scripture, describing the experience as a "feast of reason." His evangelistic method appealed primarily to reason rather than emotion, reflecting the Enlightenment context of his time. This rational, systematic study of the Bible—rather than Deist theology itself—contributed to the intellectual style that would later characterize both Millerite preaching and early Seventh-day Adventist theology.
Puritanism had a profound influence on the broader religious and moral climate of 19th-century America, particularly in its strong emphasis on biblical authority, legalistic piety, and the strict observance of Sunday as the "Lord's Day." This Sunday sabbatarianism, often framed in covenantal terms—that societal faithfulness to God would bring blessings, and disobedience would invite divine judgment—fueled widespread efforts to legislate Christian morality. However, the early Seventh-day Adventist embrace of the seventh-day Sabbath (Saturday) did not originate from Puritan sabbatarianism. Rather, it was introduced through direct contact with Seventh Day Baptists, especially Rachel Oakes Preston, who persuaded several Millerite Adventists to adopt Saturday observance in 1844. Pioneers such as Frederick Wheeler and Joseph Bates adopted the seventh-day Sabbath based on biblical study and the conviction that it was the original, unchanged Sabbath of Scripture.
Along with most Americans, Adventists had confidence in the ability of the "common person" to do almost anything, including theology. Theology had once been the domain of trained scholars, but the impact of a more radical democracy in the early 19th-century opened up possibilities for laypersons to take leadership initiatives.
Like Baconianism, where facts of science were found by examining the world, amassing information and then deriving conclusions, so too was the Bible studied in like manner. Gather all the relevant biblical facts (or texts) on a topic, and you will be correct in your interpretation.
Currently Shared Protestant doctrine.
Seventh-day Adventists at this time uphold the central doctrines of Protestant Evangelical Christianity:
Millerism.
The theological foundation of Seventh-Day Adventism is traced back to the teachings of William Miller. Four topics were especially important in understanding that substructure; 1) Miller's use of the Bible, 2) his eschatology, 3) his perspective on the 1st and 2nd angel's messages of Revelation 14, and 4) the seventh-month movement that ended with the "Great Disappointment".
Miller's approach to Bible study was thorough and methodical, intensive and extensive. His central principle of Bible interpretation was the idea that "all scripture is necessary". He said, "bring all scriptures together on the subject you wish to know; then let every word have its proper influence, and if you can form your theory without a contradiction you cannot be in error." He held that the Bible should be its own expositor. By comparing scripture with scripture a person could unlock the meaning of the Bible.
Thus the Bible became a person's authority, rather than a creed or traditional writings. If a creed of other individuals or their writings served as the basis of authority, then that external authority becomes central rather than the Bible itself. Miller's guidelines concerning the interpretation of Bible prophecy was built upon the same four concepts. The Bible, so far as Miller and his followers were concerned was the supreme authority in all matters of faith and doctrine.
Millerism was essentially a one-doctrine movement—the visual, literal, premillennial return of Jesus. Miller was not alone in his interest in prophecies. The unprecedented upheaval of the French Revolution in the 1790s was one of several factors that turned the eyes of Bible students around the world to the prophecies of Daniel and Revelation. Coming to the Bible with a historicist scheme of interpretation and the concept that a prophetic day equals a real time year, Bible scholars began to study the time prophecies. Of special interest to many was the 1260 prophetic day time prophecy of Daniel. Many concluded that the end of the 1260-day prophecy initiated the "time of the end", which they dated to the 1790s.
The first angel proclaimed the "everlasting gospel" and "the hour of [God's] judgment is come." Miller believed that the first angel's message had recently been fulfilled with "the sending out of Missionaries and Bibles into every part of the world, which began about 1798." His followers came to see "the hour of his judgment" as when Jesus would return.
Throughout the 1830s increasing numbers of Protestant churches opened their doors to his preaching, not so much because of his "peculiar" preaching but because of his ability to bring converts to fill their churches. But a message that seemed harmless enough at first threatened to disrupt the churches by 1843. Millerism was not a separate movement at that time and the majority of believers remained members of the various churches. As 1843 approached, and Millerites became more assertive on the truth of the Bible over creeds, they increasingly found themselves forbidden to speak of their beliefs in their own congregations. When they persisted they were disfellowshipped. Also, large numbers of congregations expelled pastors who supported Miller's teachings, and refused to listen to Second Advent preaching.
Millerite preacher Charles Fitch tied this to the second angels message of "Babylon is fallen .. come out of her my people." Fitch included those protestant churches which rejected the Millerite teachings of the imminent second Advent with the Rome Catholic Church as being "Babylon." He called for his hearers to "come out of Babylon or perish." He provided his fellow Adventists a theological rationale for separating from their churches. It is difficult to overestimate the impact on the Adventist movement by Fitch's call. By 1844 some estimate that more than 50,000 Millerite believers had left their churches.
Miller originally resisted being too specific about the exact time of Christ's return. Eventually, though, his message "about the year 1943" morphed into sometime between March 21, 1843 and March 21, 1844. Although this time passed, the spring disappointment did not greatly affect the movement. Then, S.S. Snow argued that the Day of Atonement, which fell on October 22 in 1844, would be the day that Christ would come. At first, Miller and Himes were reluctant to accept this date, however by October 6, they both came out in support of the 22nd of October. With the expectation of the Second Advent at an all-time high, October 22, 1844, was the climax of Millerism. The day arrived and went, thus encouraging scoffers and fearful, and leaving the Millerites is total disarray. Whereas once the movement knew exactly where it was going, it was now in a state of uncertainty and in a state of crisis.
The Great Disappointment.
The vast majority of Millerites suffered loss of faith and some even left Christianity altogether. The minority that remained split into several camps. Joshua V. Himes rapidly concluded that the prediction of the Advent of Jesus was correct, but they were wrong about the time. He believed that they "should watch and wait for the coming of Christ as an event that may take place at any hour." The smallest group of Millerites consisted of a few dozen Bible students scattered across New England. They did not become well acquainted until about 1847. They held on to the fulfillment of the 2300 days prophecy of Daniel 8:14 as 1844, but disagreed with the other Millerites on the event that took place. Future leaders of Seventh-day Adventism came from this group.
Theological development following The Great Disappointment.
In the early days of the movement, Seventh-day Adventist typically focused on those doctrines that were distinctive to Adventism.
"Present Truth" and the Pillars.
Pioneering Adventists emphasized the concept of "present truth"—see (NKJV). James White explained, “The church [has] ever had a present truth. The present truth now, is that which shows present duty, and the right position for us…” ”Present truth is "present" truth, and not future truth, and the Word as a lamp shines brightly where we "stand", and not so plainly on the path in the distance.” Ellen White pointed out that “present truth, which is a test to the people of this generation, was not a test to the people of generations far back.” The founders of the SDA church had a dynamic concept of what they called "present truth", opposed to creedal rigidity, and had an openness to new theological understandings that built upon the "landmark" doctrines, or Pillars of Adventism that had made them a people.
Still, the possibilities of dynamic change in Seventh-day Adventist beliefs are not unlimited. The "landmark" doctrines are non-negotiables in Adventist theology. Collectively they provide Seventh-day Adventists with an identity. These "pillars" of their faith were thoroughly studied out in the Scripture and attested to by the convicting power of the Holy Spirit. Ellen White said, "When the power of God testifies as to what is truth, that truth is to stand forever as the truth. ... Men will arise with interpretations of Scripture which are to them truth, but which are not truth. The truth for this time God has given as a foundation for our faith." Robert Johnston noted, “Without repudiating the past leading of the Lord, it [the Seventh-day Adventist church] seeks even to understand better what that leading was. It is always open to better insights to learn—to seek for truth as for hid treasure. … Adventists are still pilgrims on a doctrinal journey who do not repudiate the "way marks", but neither do they remain stopped at any of them.” White further said that there is more truth to be revealed and that true doctrine will stand close investigation. But there is a solid foundation to build new truth upon. By early 1848, the first primary and closely related doctrinal pillars were adopted by Adventists: 1) The Second Advent, 2) The Heavenly Sanctuary, 3) The seventh-day Sabbath, and 4) the state of the dead.
These foundations, pillars, and landmarks are:
Second Advent of Jesus.
Although the Second Coming [Advent] of Jesus is shared by all Christian churches, it was and is of special emphasis to the SDA church given its roots in Millerism and its inclusion in its name.
Seventh-day Adventists believe in an imminent, universally visible ("every eye will see him") Second Coming of Christ, which will be preceded by a "time of trouble". The second coming will coincide with the resurrection and translation of the righteous, as described in . The unrighteous, or wicked, will die during the Second Coming then be resurrected after the millennium.
As compared to other Christian views of eschatology, the Seventh-day Adventist view is closest to Historic (or post-tribulational) Premillennialism. Conditions on earth are expected to steadily deteriorate until the "time of trouble" (which is similar to the Great Tribulation of classic premillennialist teaching), when civil and religious authorities will combine to unleash intense persecution upon God's people, particularly those who keep the seventh-day Sabbath. The time of trouble will be ended by the glorious appearing of Christ, which will also mark the commencement of the millennium.
Adventists reject dispensationalist theology and the pretribulation rapture, believing that the church will remain on earth throughout the end-time crisis. A further difference is that the millennial reign of Christ will take place in heaven, not on earth, and will involve all of the redeemed people of God, not just national Israel (see Fundamental Beliefs, no. 26 &amp; 27).
Seventh-day Adventists interpret Revelation using the historicist method that includes some still future events. (see: Seventh-day Adventist eschatology (Revelation's prophecies)).
Three Angels’ Messages.
The Three Angels are, according to SDAs, symbolic of three successive global movements that spread specific, important messages during the end times before the second coming of Jesus. They teach that these messages are given to prepare the world for the second coming of Jesus, and see themselves as a central part of the mission.
The 3 Angels' messages:
Cleansing the "Heavenly" Sanctuary.
From the time of Second Great Awakening the Millerite movement proclaimed the soon return of Jesus. Adventists have traditionally interpreted the Millerite movement as the first of the three angels' messages. After the October 1844, Great Disappointment, it became progressively clear to a minority of the Milleries that the sanctuary of Daniel 8:14 could not be the earth and that the cleansing could not be the Second Advent. It occurred to Hiram Edson that instead of the High Priest coming out of the Most Holy and going to the earth on October 22, he proceeded into the Most Holy place to do a final work there prior to the Second Advent. After extensive bible study, Hiram and several others concluded that:
Adventists therefore believe that Christ's work of atonement encompasses both his death on the Cross and his ministration in the heavenly sanctuary. As W. G. C. Murdock, SDA Theological Seminary Dean during discussion in the 1980 General Conference Session, Dallas, said, "Seventh-day Adventists have always believed in a complete [sufficient] atonement that is not completed [finished]." Venden points out that the atonement must have been complete at the cross— i.e., the sacrifice was sufficient. For when Jesus died for man's sin, it was enough to purchase man's salvation and man cannot add anything to it. Yet, says Venden, the atonement involves more that just sacrifice. The process of redemption, the restoration of man's broken relationship to at-one-ment with God, was not finished at the cross, else there would be no more sin or sickness or pain or sorrow or separation or battered children or hospitals or funeral trains or tombstones or broken hearts. It is the winning of men back to a love relationship with God that is not yet completed.
Early Adventists emphasized the two parts to the atonement: "[Jesus] ascended on high to be our only mediator in the sanctuary in Heaven, where, with his own blood he makes atonement for our sins; which atonement so far from being made on the cross, which was but the offering of the sacrifice, is the very last portion of his work as priest..." They refer to his mediatorial work in heaven as an "atoning ministry"
Pre-Advent Judgment.
The pre-(Second) Advent judgment is a doctrine unique to Seventh-day Adventism. This judgment is the first phase of the final judgment and began on October 22, 1844. Adventists find the pre-Advent judgment portrayed in texts such as , and . The purpose of this judgment is to vindicate those who have accepted salvation in the eyes of the onlooking universe, to prepare them for Jesus' imminent Second Coming, and to exonerate God's righteous character from the Devil's false accusations in the minds of all created beings. This judgment will distinguish true believers from those who falsely claim to be ones.
The biblical basis of the pre-Advent judgment teaching was challenged in 1980 by ex-Adventist professor Desmond Ford. (See Glacier View controversy.) The world church has officially reaffirmed its basic position on the doctrine since then. Still a minority progressive wing continues to be critical of the teaching. According to a 2002 worldwide survey, local church leaders estimated 86% of church members accept the doctrine.
The Seventh-day Sabbath.
"Worship Him who made heaven and Earth the Sea and Springs of water."
In 1843, after reading a Seventh-day Baptist tract, Millerite Adventist Joseph Bates became convinced that there had been no Biblical change of the day of the Sabbath. He advocated the seventh-day Sabbath among Millerites.
Later, in Autumn of 1846, Bates shared with Hiram Edson and others about the Sabbath, and, after further Bible study, accepted their insights about the heavenly sanctuary. Bates understood as pointing to the opening up of the Most Holy Place where the ark was located during 1844, and directing their attention to the Ark and its contents—the Ten Commandments—specifically the Seventh-day Sabbath. Bates published several small books on this topic. His teachings formed the platform that would become the core of SDA theology.
Seventh-day Adventists believe that God set the Sabbath "apart for the lofty purpose of enriching the divine-human relationship". The Sabbath repeatedly appears throughout the Bible. It is mentioned in the Creation account, at Sinai, in the ministry of Jesus in the ministries of the apostles. This a weekly celebration of Creation is also a symbol of salvation from sin. By keeping the Sabbath, Adventists show their loyalty to God. It is a time to spend with family, friends, and God.
While the ceremonial and sacrificial laws of the Pentateuch were fulfilled by the death of Jesus, the 10 commandments remain for Christian believers. The words of Jesus are foundational to this conviction:
Adventists believe that the Sabbath is not just another holiday but rather is intended as a rest from labor to support ourselves and trust in God for support but also for believers to grow spiritually. Seventh-day Adventists do not believe that they are saved by keeping Saturday as the Sabbath, but they attach great significance to Saturday-Sabbath keeping. Adventists do not see the Sabbath as a works-based doctrine, but rather that righteousness comes solely through faith in Jesus alone. The Sabbath commandment is seen as an act of faith in God's ideal for the believer, although its significance may not be seen by non-believers. They believe that the Sabbath is a whole day dedicated for worship and fellowship with believers, laying aside non-religious projects and labor.
Adventists see the second message as a warning to all of God's people in the world that there is a great and mighty pseudo-Christian power - symbolically called Babylon the Great - that will try to force everyone to disobey the word of God. It is portrayed as a woman on whose forehead is written: Mystery! Babylon the Great! The Mother of Idolaters, The Detestable of the Earth. An angel cries out: Babylon the great is fallen and has become the dwelling place of demons. Its pretense is very convincing so that it takes awareness and discernment to keep from being deceived or forced into abandoning faith in Gods word and his commandments. A voice from heaven calls out: Come out of her my people! This call to come out of Babylon is recognition that Jesus has followers in all churches - He is not content to leave them where his commandments are not observed.
SDAs believe that the Third Angel's Message is God's final appeal to mankind and the warning of a universal test, prompting the inhabitants of earth to make a choice. Everyone will make a choice in support of, or in opposition to, the beast and his image. While the Seal of God is only on the forehead, the Mark of the Beast is on the forehead and the hand. SDAs understand these to not be literal marks, but spiritual indicators of allegiance to each power. The mark on the hand indicates that by labor one supports the beast and its image, while on the forehead it indicates that by beliefs or personal convictions one supports them.
Bates stated what would become the SDA grasp of the mark of the beast. Starting with Revelation 12:17 that God would have a last-day remnant keeping "the commandments of God," he stated that "there will yet be a mighty struggle about the restoring and keeping [of] the seventh-day Sabbath, that will test every living soul that enters the gates of the city"
The people of God would be "persecuted for keeping the commandments" by those deluded by having the mark of the beast. Bates stated while examining Revelation 14:9-12, "that the first day of the week for the Sabbath or holy day is a mark of the beast [?]" Only two groups would be alive on earth in the end times-those who have the mark of the beast and those who keep the commandments of God, including the seventh-day Sabbath. Given such an understanding, it is of little wonder that Bates had concluded early in 1847 "that God's holy Sabbath is a present truth"
Unity and variation.
A 2002 survey of Adventists worldwide showed 91% acceptance of the following beliefs:
A "Valuegenesis" study in 2000 of students at Adventist high schools in North America showed a generally high acceptance of the church's beliefs, with some such as marriage within the same faith, the remnant, Ellen White's gift of prophecy, and the investigative judgment with acceptance rates less than 63% percent. "In looking at the research this may be because over the first ten years of Valuegenesis research, fewer young people were reading their Bibles and Ellen White. And for a church that values a written revelation of God, less reading of the Bible probably means less understanding of its beliefs."
In a 1985 questionnaire, the percentage of North American Adventist lecturers who nominated various beliefs as contributions they believed Adventists had made to contemporary theology are:
Theological spectrum.
A theological spectrum exists within Adventism, with several different theological streams existing alongside the mainstream. The conservative "historic" movement holds to certain traditional positions that have been challenged since the 1950s. By contrast, those who consider themselves progressive Adventists typically question some of the church's distinctive teachings, and some of the fundamental beliefs of the church that are held by mainstream Adventists.
In a 1985 survey of North American Adventist lecturers, 45% described themselves as liberal compared to other church members, 40% as mainstream, 11% as conservative, and 4% gave no response to the question. There are two main organizations of Adventist scholars or interested laypeople. The Adventist Theological Society describes its beliefs as "balanced and conservative Adventist theology", whereas the Adventist Society for Religious Studies is more progressive by comparison.
Jon Paulien has identified four brands of Adventism – evangelists and frontier missionaries whose beliefs are traditional yet creatively expressed, scholars concerned with an accurate understanding of the Bible, the typical church member (including most of the younger, postmodern generation) who is most concerned with what is relevant to ordinary life and not concerned with most doctrines, and those in the Third World who are similarly concerned for a minimal belief set and passionate about their faith.
Regional and cultural differences.
There is a common perception that different cultures and regions of the world vary in their theology.
According to Edwin Hernández, the principal investigator of the AVANCE study into Latino Adventists in the North American Division, "There was a very high degree (95 percent) of fidelity to the orthodox teachings of the church."
All of these doctrines, with the exception of item 11 (regarding the premillennial return of Christ), are widely held amongst conservative or evangelical Protestants. (Different Protestant groups hold varying views on the millennium.)
Regarding salvation, a major statement was the 1980 "The Dynamics of Salvation ".
Distinctive doctrines.
Seventh-day Adventists have often focused on those doctrines which are distinctive to Adventism. This was particularly true in the early days of the movement, when it was assumed that most people the church witnessed to were already Christian, and that they already understood the gospel.
Sabbath and the Biblical Law.
Biblical Law and the Ten Commandments.
Seventh-day Adventists believe that "the great principles of God's law are embodied in the Ten Commandments", and that these are "binding upon all people in every age" (Fundamental Belief no. 19). While the ceremonial and sacrificial laws of the Old Testament were fulfilled by the death of Jesus Christ, the 10 commandments are held to remain in force for Christian believers. The words of Jesus Christ in are foundational to this conviction:
The Seventh-Day Sabbath.
Seventh-day Adventists believe that the seventh day of the week, Saturday, is the biblical Sabbath which God set "apart for the lofty purpose of enriching the divine-human relationship". The Sabbath is a recurring message in the Bible, mentioned in the Creation account, at Sinai, in the ministry of Jesus Christ and in the ministries of the apostles. The Sabbath serves as a weekly memorial to Creation and is a symbol of redemption, from both Egypt and sin. By keeping the Sabbath, Adventists are reminded of the way that God can make them holy, like he did the Sabbath, and they show their loyalty to God by keeping the commandment in the Decalogue. The Sabbath is also a time for Adventists to spend with other people and with God.
Adventists believe that the Sabbath is not just a holiday but rather is intended as a rest for believers to grow spiritually. Although Seventh-day Adventists do not believe that they are saved by keeping Saturday as the Sabbath, they attach considerably greater significance to Saturday-Sabbath keeping than other denominations attach to worship on Sunday.
Adventists do not see salvation as a works-based doctrine, but rather righteousness comes solely through faith in Christ alone. The Sabbath commandment is seen as an act of faith in God's ideal for the believer, although its significance may not be seen by non-believers.
They believe that the Sabbath is a whole day dedicated for worship and fellowship with believers, laying aside non-religious projects and labor.
Seventh-day Adventists teach that there is no evidence of the Sabbath being changed to Sunday in the Bible. They teach instead that it was changed by gradual acceptance of Sunday worship gatherings which came into the early church in Rome to distinguish Christians from the Jews and to align Christianity with political authorities. This change became more universally accepted with the establishment of Roman emperor Constantine's Sunday law of 321 AD and the decree at the Council of Laodicea that in canon 29 declared that Christians should avoid work on Sunday.
The Great Controversy.
Seventh-day Adventists believe that prior to the beginning of human history, a challenge occurred in heaven between God and Lucifer (Satan) over "the character of God, His law, and His sovereignty over the universe" (Fundamental Belief no. 8). Lucifer was subsequently cast out of heaven, and, acting through the serpent in the Garden of Eden, led Adam and Eve into sin. God has permitted Lucifer's rebellion to continue on Earth in order to demonstrate to angels and beings on other worlds that his Law is righteous and necessary, and that the breaking of the 10 commandments leads to moral catastrophe.
This understanding of the origin of evil is derived from the Bible (see Rev. 12:4–9; Isa. 14:12–14; Eze. 28:12–18; Gen. 3; Rom. 1:19–32; 5:12–21; 8:19–22; Gen. 6–8; 2 Peter 3:6; 1 Cor. 4:9; Heb. 1:14.). The book entitled "The Great Controversy" by Ellen G. White, particularly chapter 29, The Origin of Evil shows how this dispute originated.
Heavenly Sanctuary and Pre-Advent Judgment.
The Heavenly Sanctuary.
The Seventh-day Adventist church teaches that there is a sanctuary in heaven which was foreshadowed by the Mosaic tabernacle, according to their interpretation of the Epistle to the Hebrews chapters 8 and 9. After his death, resurrection and ascension, Jesus Christ entered the heavenly sanctuary as the great High Priest, "making available to believers the benefits of His atoning sacrifice" (Fundamental Belief no. 24). Adventists hold that Christ ministered his blood in the first section of the sanctuary (the holy place) until October 1844; after that time he entered the second section of the sanctuary (the Most Holy Place, or Holy of Holies) in fulfillment of the Day of Atonement.
Adventists therefore believe that Christ's work of atonement encompasses both his death on the Cross and his ministration in the heavenly sanctuary
Venden points out that the atonement must have been complete at the cross—the sacrifice was sufficient. For when Jesus died for man's sin, it was enough to purchase man's salvation and man cannot add anything to it. Yet, the atonement involves more than just sacrifice. The process of redemption, the restoration of man's broken relationship to at-one-ment with God, was not completed at the cross, else there would be no more sin or suffering. It is the winning of men back to a love relationship with God that is not yet completed.
Early Adventists emphasized the two parts to the atonement:
They refer to his mediatorial work in heaven as an "atoning ministry" (as in Fundamental Belief no. 24).
Investigative Judgment.
Most Christians believe in a judgement that comes before Christ separates the saints from the sinners, at the Second Coming which is a common belief.
The investigative judgment is a doctrine unique to Seventh-day Adventism, and teaches that the judgment of God's professed people began on October 22, 1844, when Christ entered the Holy of Holies in the heavenly sanctuary. Adventists find the investigative judgment portrayed in texts such as , and . The purpose of this judgment is to vindicate the saints before the onlooking universe, to prepare them for Christ's imminent Second Coming, and to demonstrate God's righteous character in His dealings with humanity. This judgment will also separate true believers from those who falsely claim to be ones.
The biblical basis of the investigative judgment teaching was challenged in 1980 by ex-Adventist professor Desmond Ford. (See Glacier View controversy.) While the church has officially reaffirmed its basic position on the doctrine since 1980, many of those within the church's progressive wing continue to be critical of the teaching. According to a 2002 worldwide survey, local church leaders estimated 86% of church members accept the doctrine.
Eschatology.
The Remnant Church.
The Seventh-day Adventist church regards itself as the "remnant" of Revelation 12:17 (KJV). The Remnant church "announces the arrival of the judgment hour, proclaims salvation through Christ, and heralds the approach of His second advent" (Fundamental Belief no. 13). The duty of the Remnant is summed up in the "Three Angels' Messages" of Revelation 14:6–12, and its two distinguishing marks are seventh-day Sabbath observance and the Spirit of Prophecy (see below).
At baptism, Adventists may be asked the following question: "Do you accept and believe that the Seventh-day Adventist Church is the remnant church of Bible prophecy and that people of every nation, race, and language are invited and accepted into its fellowship?" (NB. In 2005 an alternative set of baptismal vows was created, which does not contain a reference to the Adventist church as the remnant. Candidates may now choose whether to take the original vow or the new one.)
Second coming of Christ.
Seventh-day Adventists believe in an imminent, universally visible Second Coming of Christ, which will be preceded by a "time of trouble". The teaching that Christ will be universally visible is based on which states that "every eye will see him." The second coming will coincide with the resurrection and translation of the righteous, as described in . Adventists believe that the unrighteous, or wicked, will be raised after the millennium.
As compared to other Christian views of eschatology, the Seventh-day Adventist view is closest to Historic (or post-tribulational) Premillennialism. Conditions on earth are expected to steadily deteriorate until the "time of trouble" The Great Controversy (which is similar to the Great Tribulation of classic premillennialist teaching), when civil and religious authorities will combine to unleash intense persecution upon God's people, particularly those who keep the seventh-day Sabbath. The time of trouble will be ended by the glorious appearing of Christ, which will also mark the commencement of the millennium.
Adventists reject dispensationalist theology and the pretribulation rapture, believing that the church will remain on earth throughout the end-time crisis. A further difference is that the millennial reign of Christ will take place in heaven, not on earth, and will involve all of the redeemed people of God, not just national Israel (See Fundamental Beliefs, no. 26 &amp; 27.)
Seventh-day Adventism interprets the book of Revelation using the historicist method, but also holds that some of the events it predicts are still future (see: interpretations of the Book of Revelation).
Hell and the state of the dead.
Seventh-day Adventists believe that death is a state of unconscious sleep until the resurrection. They base this belief on biblical texts such as which states "the dead know nothing", and which contains a description of the dead being raised from the grave at the second coming. These verses, it is argued, indicate that death is only a period or form of slumber.
Adventists teach that the resurrection of the righteous will take place at the second coming of Jesus, while the resurrection of the wicked will occur after the millennium of . They reject the traditional doctrine of hell as a state of everlasting conscious torment, believing instead that the wicked will be permanently destroyed after the millennium. The theological term for this teaching is Annihilationism.
The Adventist views about death and hell reflect an underlying belief in: (a) conditional immortality (or conditionalism), as opposed to the immortality of the soul; and (b) the holistic (or monistic) Christian anthropology or nature of human beings, as opposed to bipartite or tripartite views. Adventist education hence strives to be holistic in nature, involving not just the mind but all aspects of a person.
This belief in conditional immortality has been one of the doctrines used by critics (particularly in the past) to claim that the church is not a mainstream Christian denomination. However, this view is becoming more mainstream within evangelicalism, as evidenced by the British Evangelical Alliance "ACUTE" report, which states the doctrine is a "significant minority evangelical view" which has "grown within evangelicalism in recent years". Evangelical theologian and conditionalist Clark Pinnock suggests Adventist Le Roy Edwin Froom's "The Conditionalist Faith of our Fathers", 2 vols., is "a classic defense on conditionalism". Adventists believe there is a reward of the wicked and sinners, the lake of fire, that will eternally destroy them and they along with all evil will cease to exist, and is the hell we are shown by scripture.
Spirit of Prophecy.
The church believes the spiritual gift of prophecy was manifested in the ministry of Ellen White, whose writings are sometimes referred to as the "Spirit of Prophecy". The church's 28 Fundamental Beliefs state:
Two other official statements regarding the prophetic ministry of Ellen White have recently been voted at General Conference Sessions. The June 1995 document "A Statement of Confidence in the Spirit of Prophecy" states that White "did the work of a prophet, and more", and that her writings "carry divine authority, both for godly living and for doctrine"; and recommended that "as a church we seek the power of the Holy Spirit to apply to our lives more fully the inspired counsel contained in the writings of Ellen G White." The 2005 document "Resolution on the Spirit of Prophecy" called upon "Seventh-day Adventists throughout the world to prayerfully study her writings, in order to understand more fully God's purpose for His remnant people", describing her writings as "theological stimulus".
There has been an increasing tendency in the church to view White in more human terms, although still inspired. Whatever the prominence assigned to her writings for doctrinal authority, Adventists are agreed that the Bible takes precedence as the final authority.
Sinless perfection.
The question of whether Christians can overcome sin and achieve a state of sinless perfection is a controversial topic for Seventh-day Adventists, as it is among the holiness movement and Pentecostalism. Mainstream Adventists hold that Christ is our example and shows mankind the path to overcome sin, and to manifest Christ's perfect and righteous character. They hold to the 28 Fundamental Beliefs of Seventh-day Adventists which in #10 states 'we are given the power to live a holy life' and right before that 'we are born again and sanctified' through the Holy Spirit. Ellen White wrote that the saints through faith in Christ would reach a state such as Adam before the Fall, and refers in many of her writings that through Christ, He made it possible to overcome sin.
In his book "The Sanctuary Service" (1947), M. L. Andreasen taught that sinless perfection can be achieved; his theology continues to be influential among Adventists. Some Adventists insist that a final generation of believers, who will live through the "time of trouble" (between the close of probation and second coming of Christ), who receive the seal of God mentioned in Revelation 7:3, must and will attain a state of sinlessness comparable to the pre-fall condition of Adam and Eve. They believe that historically this is the authentic Adventist position on the issue as taught by Ellen White, and that denominational leaders along with Progressive Adventists, have erred in moving away from it. Larry Kirkpatrick and the "Last Generation" movement www.LastGenerationTheology.org—The Final Atonement is Now Underway are representative of this stream of teaching. Such quote various texts such as
However, some Adventist theologians such as Edward Heppenstall have argued the view that this state of absolute sinlessness or perfection is not possible in this life, and that Christians will always rely on forgiving grace—even after the "close of probation". It is argued that "perfection" in the Bible refers to spiritual maturity, having "the continual counteracting presence of the Holy Spirit" to be "victorious over sin and the sinful nature within us", as opposed to absolute sinlessness.
Ministry and worship.
Ordination of women.
The Adventist Church world church does not support the ordination of women to ministry within its standard procedures. Instead women pastors in the denomination hold the title of "commissioned" rather than "ordained," which allows them to perform almost all of the pastoral functions their male colleagues perform but with a lesser title. This compromise was reached during the 1990s, with disagreement primarily occurring along cultural lines. Although the Seventh-day Adventist Church has no written policy forbidding the ordination of women, it has traditionally ordained only men. From its formation, Adventists traditionally held to the view that no precedent for the practice of ordaining women can be found in Scripture or in the writings of Ellen G. White and the early Seventh-day Adventist Church. However, in recent years the ordination of women has been the subject of heated debate, especially in North America and Europe. In the Adventist church, candidates for ordination are chosen by local conferences (which usually administer about 50–150 local congregations) and approved by unions (which serve about 6–12 conferences). The world headquarters—the General Conference—says that the GC has the right to set the worldwide qualifications for ordination, including gender requirements. GC leaders have never taken the position that ordination of women is contrary to the Bible, but they have insisted that no one ordain women until it is acceptable to all parts of the world church.
In 1990 the General Conference in world session voted not to establish a worldwide policy permitting the ordination of women, but they did not vote a policy forbidding such either. In 1995 GC delegates voted not to authorize each of the 13 world divisions to establish ordination policies specific to its part of the world. In 2010, the North American Division of the church voted to allow commissioned pastors to lead a Conference or Mission, as well as ordained ones. In 2011, the North American Division, without GC approval, voted to permit women to serve as conference presidents. In early 2012, the GC responded to the NAD action with an analysis of church history and policy, demonstrating that divisions do not have the authority to establish policy different from GC policy. The NAD immediately rescinded their action. But in their analysis the GC reminded the world membership that the “final responsibility and authority” for deciding who is ordained resides at the union level. This led to decisions by several unions to approve ordinations without regard to gender.
In March 2012, several unions and conferences voted to support the ordination of women. These are the Mid America Union, the Pacific Union Conference, the Southeastern California conference, the Columbia Union, and the Potomac Conference.
On April 23, 2012, the North German Union voted to ordain women as ministers, but by late 2013 had not yet ordained a woman. On July 29, 2012, the Columbia Union Conference voted to "authorize ordination without respect to gender." On August 19, 2012, the Pacific Union Conference also voted to ordain without regard to gender. Both unions began immediately approving ordinations of women. By mid-2013, about 25 women had been ordained to the ministry in the Pacific Union Conference, plus several in the Columbia Union. On May 12, 2013, the Danish Union voted to treat men and women ministers the same, and to suspend all ordinations until after the topic is considered at the next GC session in 2015. On May 30, 2013, the Netherlands Union voted to ordain female pastors, recognizing them as equal to their male colleagues. On Sept. 1, 2013, a woman was ordained in the Netherlands Union.
In 2012–2013 the General Conference assembled several committees to study the issue and make a recommendation to be voted at the 2015 world General Conference session.
On October 27, 2013, Sandra Roberts became the first woman to lead a Seventh-day Adventist conference when she was elected as president of the Southeastern California Conference. However, the worldwide Seventh-day Adventist church did not recognize this because presidents of conferences must be ordained pastors and the worldwide church did not recognize the ordination of women.
As Protestant Christians who accept the Bible as their only rule of faith and practice, Seventh-day Adventists on both sides of the issue employ the same Bible texts and arguments used by other Protestants (e.g. 1 Tim. 2:12 and Gal. 3:28), but the fact that the most prominent and authoritative co-founder of the church—Ellen White—was a woman, also affects the discussion. Proponents of ordaining women point out that Adventists believe that Ellen White was chosen by God as a leader, preacher and teacher; that she remains the highest authority, outside the Bible, in the Seventh-day Adventist Church today; that she was regularly issued ordination credentials, which she carried without objection; and that she supported the ordination of women to at least some ministry roles. Opponents argue that because she was a prophet her example does not count, and that although she said she was ordained by God, she was never ordained in the ordinary way, by church leaders.
On July 8, 2015, delegates to the General Conference Business Session, in San Antonio, Texas, voted 1,381–977 against allowing divisions the authority to ordain women. Ted N. C. Wilson, President of the General Conference, appealed to the world church to accept the decision, and also stated that "the vote means we maintain the current policy" (commissioning women, ordaining men as pastors).
In 2022, the Rocky Mountain Conference (RMC) approved ordaining women pastors.
Baptism.
Seventh-day Adventists practice believer's baptism by full immersion in a similar manner to the Baptists. They argue that baptism requires knowing consent and moral responsibility. Hence, they do not baptize infants or children who do not demonstrate knowing consent and moral responsibility, but instead dedicate them, which is symbolic of the parents', the community's, and the church's gratefulness to God for the child, and their commitment to raising the child to love Jesus. Seventh-day Adventists believe that baptism is a public statement to commit one's life to Jesus and is a prerequisite for church membership. Baptism is only practiced after the candidate has gone through Bible lessons. According to the Bible, the act of baptism shows that the person has repented of sin and wishes to live a life in Christ ().
Communion.
Seventh-day Adventists believe that the bread and wine (grape juice) of the Communion Service are "symbols" of the body and blood of Jesus; however, Christ is also "present to meet and strengthen His people" in the experience of communion. Adventists practice "the ordinance of footwashing" prior to each celebration of the Lord's Supper, on account of the gospel account of John 13:1–16.
Spiritual gifts.
The 17th fundamental belief of the church affirms that the spiritual gifts continue into the present.
Adventists generally believe the legitimate gift of tongues is of speaking unlearned human languages only, and are generally critical of the gift as practiced by charismatic and Pentecostal Christians today.
Creationism.
The Seventh-day Adventist doctrine of creationism is based on believing that the opening chapters of Genesis should be interpreted as literal history. Adventist belief holds that all Earthly life originated during a six-day period some 6000 years ago, and a global flood destroyed all land based animals and humans except for those saved on Noah's Ark. Traditional Adventists oppose theories which propose interpreting the days of creation symbolically. Adventists reject the naturalistic views of abiogenesis and evolution.
Although Adventists hold that creation week was a recent event, they believe the Bible speaks of other worlds populated by intelligent beings elsewhere in the universe, which pre-existed the Earth's creation. The Seventh-day Adventist Ministerial Association's "Seventh-day Adventists Believe" (2005), explains that the opening chapters of Genesis describe a limited creation:
While the majority of Adventists believe that all biological life was originally created recently during a literal week, there is a range of positions amongst Adventists regarding when the inorganic material of the universe and planet Earth was created.
Some Adventists hold that the entire physical universe was created at the commencement of the literal Creation week, though it is generally recognised that the creation of angels and the conflict between Lucifer and God would need to have occurred prior to the Creation event described in Genesis 1. Other Adventists hold that the universe was created prior to the Creation week, but that planet Earth and its immediate surroundings were created "de novo" at the commencement of that week.
Another mainstream Adventist position is that the inorganic matter of planet Earth was created prior to the Creation week and was reshaped into its present inhabitable form during that week. All of these Adventist positions agree that the computed radiometric dates of standard geology are largely irrelevant to dating the creation of life on Earth. Clyde Webster calls radiometric dating an "interpretive science" with uncertainties. He stated that "it would seem logical, almost compelling to seriously consider other sources of data for determining the time of Creation" concluding that for a Christian scientist "such a primary source is the Holy Scripture."
Adventists were influential in the redevelopment of creationism in the 20th century. Seventh-day Adventist geologist George McCready Price was responsible for reviving flood geology in the early 20th century. He was quoted heavily by William Jennings Bryan in the Scopes Monkey Trial. His ideas were later borrowed by Henry Morris and John Whitcomb for their landmark 1961 creationist text "". The Morris and Whitcomb position is distinct from Seventh-day Adventism because they postulate both a young earth and a young universe.
About the time that "The Genesis Flood" was having a large impact in the evangelical world, a number of progressive Adventist scholars educated in secular universities began promoting Theistic Evolution. Some Progressive Adventists no longer hold the literal view of Genesis 1. Other Adventist scholars have identified the consequences of moving away from understanding that the Creation week involved a recent literal week.
In 2009, the Seventh-day Adventist Church held an international creation emphasis day as part of a "worldwide denominational celebration of the biblical account of creation." The event was part of a church initiative to underscore its commitment to a literal creation model. In 2010, the World Seventh-day Adventist Church's highest ecclesiastical body, the World General Conference Session, officially reaffirmed the Church's position in support of a literal six-day creation week.
The scapegoat.
Adventists teach that the scapegoat, or "Azazel", is a symbol for Satan. They believe that Satan will finally have to bear the responsibility for the sins of the believers of all ages, and that this was foreshadowed on the Day of Atonement when the high priest confessed the sins of Israel over the head of the scapegoat (Leviticus 16:21).
This belief has drawn criticism from some Christians, who feel this gives Satan the status of sin-bearer alongside Jesus Christ. Adventists have responded by insisting that Satan is not a saviour, nor does he provide atonement for sin; Christ alone is the substitutionary sacrifice for sin, but holds no responsibility for it. In the final judgment, responsibility for sin is passed back to Satan who first caused mankind to sin. As the responsible party, Satan receives the wages for his sin and the sins of all the saved—namely, death. Thus, the unsaved are held responsible for their own sin, while the saved are no longer held responsible for theirs.
Sunday law.
Traditionally, Adventists have taught there will be a time before the Second Advent in which the message of the Ten Commandments and in particular the keeping of the seventh day of the week, Saturday, as Sabbath will be conveyed to the whole world. Protestants and Catholics will unite to enforce legislation requiring the observance of Sunday worship. In reference to the creation of an Image to the Beast -, Ellen G. White stated:
"When the leading churches of the United States, uniting on such points of doctrines as are held by them in common, shall influence the state to enforce their decrees and to sustain their institutions; then Protestant America will have formed an image of the Roman hierarchy, and the infliction of civil penalties upon dissenters will inevitably result." –Great Controversy p. 445
Jon Paulien maintains that the central issue of the "final crisis of earth’s history has to do with the Sabbath", based on the strong allusion of to (the Sabbath commandment of the Ten Commandments), and also other verses and themes in Revelation.
Three Angels’ Messages.
From the time of the Second Great Awakening, the Millerite movement proclaimed the soon return of Jesus. Adventists have traditionally interpreted this as the initial proclamation of the three angels' messages. The "three angels' messages" is an interpretation of the messages given by three angels in Revelation . The Seventh-day Adventist church teaches that these messages are given to prepare the world for the second coming of Jesus Christ, and sees them as a central part of its own mission.
The Seventh-day Adventist Church has traditionally believed that it is the remnant church of Bible prophecy, and that its mission is to proclaim the three angels' messages.
The Mission Statement of the church declares:
Some critics and Progressive Adventists, typically reject the claim that the three angels' messages find unique fulfillment in the Seventh-day Adventist Church. Mainstream Adventists believe that God has led the Christian movements in history, but progressives tend to deny putting Adventism on that level.

</doc>
<doc id="7043344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043344" title="Sikidim">
Sikidim



</doc>
<doc id="7043350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043350" title="Yaha district">
Yaha district

Yaha (, ; Pattani Malay: ยาฮา, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the western part of Yala province, southern Thailand.
History.
Yaha was separated from "Mueang" Yala to create the district in 1907.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise): Kabang of Yala province; Saba Yoi of Songkhla province; Mueang Yala, Krong Pinang, and Bannang Sata of Yala province; and Kedah state of Malaysia.
Administration.
Central administration.
Yaha is divided into seven sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 49 administrative villages ("mubans").
Local administration.
There are two sub-district municipalities ("thesaban tambons") in the district:
There are six sub-district administrative organizations (SAO) in the district:

</doc>
<doc id="7043353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043353" title="Kilburn Times">
Kilburn Times



</doc>
<doc id="7043356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043356" title="Ambrosia Moore">
Ambrosia Moore



</doc>
<doc id="7043361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043361" title="Barking &amp; Dagenham Yellow Advertiser">
Barking &amp; Dagenham Yellow Advertiser



</doc>
<doc id="7043363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043363" title="Bexley Mercury">
Bexley Mercury



</doc>
<doc id="7043368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043368" title="Brent &amp; Wembley Leader">
Brent &amp; Wembley Leader



</doc>
<doc id="7043370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043370" title="Croydon Post">
Croydon Post



</doc>
<doc id="7043371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043371" title="Kabang district">
Kabang district

Kabang (, ; Pattani Malay: กาแบ, ) is the westernmost district ("amphoe") of Yala province, southern Thailand.
History.
The name "Kabang" is a Thai corruption of "kabae" or "kabe" (Jawi: كاب), its original name in Patani Malay language. "Kabae" or "kabe" is a kind of Rambutan tree.
The area of Kabang district was separated from Yaha district to create a minor district ("king amphoe") on 1 April 1991. It was upgraded to a full district on 11 October 1997.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the northwest clockwise): Saba Yoi of Songkhla province; Yaha of Yala province; and Kedah state of Malaysia.
Administration.
Central administration.
Kabang is divided into two sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 19 administrative villages ("mubans").
Local administration.
There are two sub-district administrative organizations (SAO) in the district:

</doc>
<doc id="7043372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043372" title="Korowai tribes">
Korowai tribes



</doc>
<doc id="7043377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043377" title="Summer House (television)">
Summer House (television)



</doc>
<doc id="7043378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043378" title="Mitcham, Morden &amp; Wimbledon Post">
Mitcham, Morden &amp; Wimbledon Post



</doc>
<doc id="7043380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043380" title="Lewisham &amp; Grenwich Mercury">
Lewisham &amp; Grenwich Mercury



</doc>
<doc id="7043381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043381" title="Kensington &amp; Chelsea Informer">
Kensington &amp; Chelsea Informer



</doc>
<doc id="7043382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043382" title="Ilford &amp; Redbridge Yellow Advertiser">
Ilford &amp; Redbridge Yellow Advertiser



</doc>
<doc id="7043383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043383" title="Hounslow, Chiswick &amp; Whitton Informer">
Hounslow, Chiswick &amp; Whitton Informer



</doc>
<doc id="7043386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043386" title="Havering Yellow Advertiser">
Havering Yellow Advertiser



</doc>
<doc id="7043388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043388" title="Harrow Informer">
Harrow Informer



</doc>
<doc id="7043390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043390" title="Harrow Leader">
Harrow Leader



</doc>
<doc id="7043391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043391" title="Haringey Advertiser">
Haringey Advertiser



</doc>
<doc id="7043392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043392" title="Korowai tribe">
Korowai tribe



</doc>
<doc id="7043393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043393" title="Enfield Advertiser">
Enfield Advertiser



</doc>
<doc id="7043394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043394" title="Ealing Informer">
Ealing Informer



</doc>
<doc id="7043395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043395" title="Ealing Leader">
Ealing Leader



</doc>
<doc id="7043401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043401" title="Kingston Informer">
Kingston Informer



</doc>
<doc id="7043402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043402" title="The Press (Newspaper)">
The Press (Newspaper)



</doc>
<doc id="7043403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043403" title="Streatham, Clapham &amp; West Norwood Post">
Streatham, Clapham &amp; West Norwood Post



</doc>
<doc id="7043404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043404" title="Sutton &amp; Epsom Post">
Sutton &amp; Epsom Post



</doc>
<doc id="7043405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043405" title="Uxbridge &amp; Hillingdon Leader">
Uxbridge &amp; Hillingdon Leader



</doc>
<doc id="7043406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043406" title="The Wharf (newspaper)">
The Wharf (newspaper)

The Wharf was a free local newspaper produced at Canary Wharf, England.
It was set up in 1998, as such covering the transformation of the Isle of Dogs as it became an important financial centre. "The Wharf" was based in One Canada Square, a sister paper to the "Daily Mirror", the "Sunday Mirror" and "The People", all part of the Mirror Group Newspapers, itself part of Trinity Mirror now Reach PLC.
A free publication, "The Wharf" was published weekly and aimed to provide news and entertainment to the tens of thousands of people who work on the Canary Wharf estate. The title ceased publication in December 2018. In February 2019, former staff members set up Wharf Life, a fortnightly publication as a spiritual successor.

</doc>
<doc id="7043409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043409" title="Michael W. Smith 2">
Michael W. Smith 2

Michael W. Smith 2 is the second album by Christian recording artist Michael W. Smith. Released in February 1984, "I Am Sure" and "Hosanna" were released to Christian radio. Among the musicians who contributed to the recording, Dann Huff and Mike Brignardello went on to form the band Giant. Huff was also a founding member of the CCM band White Heart. The album would win him his first Grammy Award for Best Gospel Performance, Male in 1985.
Personnel.
Adapted from AllMusic credits:

</doc>
<doc id="7043412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043412" title="Wish/Starless Night">
Wish/Starless Night

"Wish/Starless Night" is Olivia's 10th single, and is her second single to be released under the name Olivia Lufkin Inspired by Reira (Trapnest). It was released on CD and CD&amp;DVD on October 11, 2006. The two title tracks were recorded specifically for the Nana anime. "Wish" was used as the second opening theme and "Starless Night" was used as the second ending theme to the show. 
"Wish/Starless Night" is currently Olivia's highest debuting single, at #7 on the Oricon weekly charts.
Total sales thus far have reached 27,854 copies.
Track listing.
CD track list
DVD track list

</doc>
<doc id="7043414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043414" title="Bexley News Shopper">
Bexley News Shopper



</doc>
<doc id="7043416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043416" title="Bromley News Shopper">
Bromley News Shopper



</doc>
<doc id="7043418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043418" title="Camden Gazette">
Camden Gazette



</doc>
<doc id="7043419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043419" title="Third Man">
Third Man



</doc>
<doc id="7043420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043420" title="Huyen tran">
Huyen tran



</doc>
<doc id="7043421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043421" title="Docklands &amp; East London Advertiser">
Docklands &amp; East London Advertiser

The East London Advertiser is a mostly free weekly local newspaper in east London, England covering primarily the borough of Tower Hamlets. It was formed in late 2011 by Archant's merging of "The Docklands" and the "East London Advertiser". The "East London Advertiser" was founded in 1866 and had been owned by Archant since 2003. It merged with freesheet "The Docklands" in 2011.
In June 2008 the "East London Advertiser" scooped two awards at the annual "UK Press Gazette" Regional Press Awards. It was named Weekly Paper of the Year (Circulation less than 20,000) and its deputy editor, Ted Jeory, was named Reporter of the Year (Weeklies), partly for his expose of the First Solution Money Transfer crisis in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="7043422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043422" title="Amber Forrester">
Amber Forrester



</doc>
<doc id="7043423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043423" title="Fool's Errand">
Fool's Errand



</doc>
<doc id="7043425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043425" title="Spider's web">
Spider's web



</doc>
<doc id="7043426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043426" title="Navy Bean">
Navy Bean



</doc>
<doc id="7043427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043427" title="Glass Fish">
Glass Fish



</doc>
<doc id="7043428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043428" title="LaserMan">
LaserMan



</doc>
<doc id="7043429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043429" title="Brian Cushing">
Brian Cushing

Brian Patrick Cushing (born January 24, 1987) is an American former professional football player who was a linebacker for the Houston Texans of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the USC Trojans, and was selected by the Texans in the first round of the 2009 NFL draft. He played his entire nine-year career with Houston from 2009 to 2017 and became the team's all-time leading tackler.
Early life.
Cushing trained throughout his childhood in Park Ridge, New Jersey. He attended Bergen Catholic High School in Oradell, New Jersey and went on to lead the Crusaders to the 2004 Group IV State Championship as a linebacker, tight end, and running back against Don Bosco Preparatory High School, providing huge plays in the 13–10 win. He was named "2004 North Jersey Player of the Year" by "The Record", and played in the 2005 U.S. Army All-American Bowl alongside future USC teammates Patrick Turner, Rey Maualuga, and Mark Sanchez.
Cushing was recruited by top colleges, including Notre Dame, Georgia, and Penn State before eventually committing to the University of Southern California.
College career.
Cushing attended the University of Southern California and played for the USC Trojans football team from 2005 to 2008 under head coach Pete Carroll. Cushing shared the No. 10 jersey with Trojans starting quarterback John David Booty from 2005 to 2007.
Cushing was on Phil Steele's 2007 pre-season All-America team and on the 2007 Bednarik Award and Lott Trophy watch lists.
Cushing returned a failed onside kick attempted by Notre Dame at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum for a late fourth-quarter touchdown on November 25, 2006.
On January 1, 2007, Cushing was named the Defensive MVP of the Rose Bowl Game, after recording sacks and forcing a third-quarter fumble that changed the momentum of the game.
Cushing was named AP 2nd Team All-American as a senior despite having pedestrian statistics (73 tackles, tackles for loss, and 3 sacks). NFL scouts did not admire Cushing for his statistics, but for his versatility. Fast enough to play inside and outside linebacker and big and strong enough to play defensive end.
Cushing was one of twelve senior USC players, including the four senior linebackers Cushing, Kaluka Maiava, Clay Matthews III and Rey Maualuga, invited to the 2009 NFL Scouting Combine. He also participated in the 2009 Senior Bowl with Maualuga, Matthews, Patrick Turner and others. Alongside fellow USC linebackers Maualuga and Matthews, he was featured on the cover of "Sports Illustrated"'s 2009 NFL Draft Preview magazine, as all three were regarded as potential first-round selections.
Cushing, along with Archie Griffin of Ohio State University, are the only two players in college football history to have competed in the Rose Bowl as starters in all four seasons of their college careers.
Professional career.
2009 season.
Cushing was drafted in the first round with the 15th overall pick in the 2009 NFL draft by the Houston Texans. He had one of the best defensive seasons by a rookie in NFL history.
He scored his first career points on October 4, 2009, when he recorded a safety against the Oakland Raiders. This was the first recorded safety by a Texan since the 2002 season.
Cushing was named AFC Defensive Player of the Week for Week 6 of the 2009 NFL season, becoming the first rookie to earn the award in the 2009 season. In Week 8, Cushing was again named AFC Defensive Player of the Week, becoming the first Texans rookie to win the award twice in one season. Cushing was also named the NFL Defensive Rookie of the Month for November 2009.
Cushing finished tied with Ray Lewis for the AFC lead with 133 tackles and added 4 sacks, 10 pass deflections, 4 interceptions, and 2 forced fumbles. He was selected to the 2010 Pro Bowl as a starter. Cushing was one of three rookies to make it to the Pro Bowl, another being a former USC teammate (Clay Matthews).
On January 5, 2010, Cushing was named the NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year. Cushing is the second Texan to win the award, the first being DeMeco Ryans in 2006.
2010 season.
On May 7, 2010, Adam Schefter of ESPN reported that Cushing would be suspended for the first four games of the 2010 season for violating the NFL's performance-enhancing substances policy, after he tested positive in September 2009 for having above-normal levels of the human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) hormone in his system. Cushing had previously denied rumors of having used performance-enhancing substances prior to being drafted. He then stated that he would undergo further medical tests to determine how hCG entered his system. Cushing still denies that he ever ingested or injected any performance enhancers and claimed the test result could have been from a cancerous tumor.
On May 12, 2010, in a revote of the AP Defensive Rookie of the Year award after his suspension was made public, Cushing again received the most votes, thus retaining his award. His second-team All-Pro status from his rookie season, however, was rescinded by the AP.
In the final 12 games, he totaled 76 tackles, 1+1/2 sacks, 4 pass deflections, and 1 forced fumble.
2011 season.
During training camp heading into the 2011 season, Cushing was told that he would be switching from outside to inside linebacker due to the new 3–4 defense. They believed that he would not have the speed to get to the outside, despite the fact that he had always been an outside linebacker all through high school.
In 2011, the Houston Texans finished the season with a 10–6 record and made it to the playoffs for the first time in team history. Cushing was named Team MVP and while he wasn't voted to the Pro-Bowl he earned AP 2nd Team All-Pro honors after finishing the season with 114 tackles, 4 sacks, 5 pass deflections, 2 interceptions, and 2 forced fumbles. Houston Texans defensive coordinator, Wade Phillips, called Cushing a "holy phenom" and also said that "he's one of the best I've ever coached, and I've been at it a long time." Cushing said that he will use the fact that he did not make the Pro-Bowl as "motivation and a driving force" to become better. The Texans defeated the Cincinnati Bengals 31–10 in the first round but were defeated by the Baltimore Ravens 20–13 in the Divisional Round.
2012 season.
During the second quarter of the Houston Texans win over the New York Jets on Monday October 8, 2012, Cushing left the game with what appeared to be a knee injury, which was later confirmed to be a torn ACL. He was placed on injured reserve, ending his 2012 season.
2013 season.
Cushing inked a six-year deal with the Houston Texans, a contract extension worth $55.6 million, which included $21 million guaranteed. Averaging $9.2 million for the next six years, the contract was the largest at the time for any inside linebacker, and made him the third highest paid inside linebacker in the NFL.
During the October 20, 2013, game against Kansas City, Cushing broke his fibula and tore his fibular collateral ligament after a low block from Chiefs running back Jamaal Charles in the third quarter. The Texans later announced that he would miss the remainder of the season.
2014 season.
Cushing started the 2014 NFL season well despite being brought along slowly at the start of the season, collecting 37 tackles in the first four games as the Texans opened with an impressive 3–1 record. Cushing had 17 tackles in their loss to the New York Giants, tying the franchise record for tackles in a game.
2015 season.
After being plagued by injuries in the previous two seasons, Cushing completed the 2015 season with 110 tackles. The Texans qualified for the first round of the playoffs but fell to the Kansas City Chiefs 30–0.
2016 season.
During Week 1 against the Chicago Bears on September 11, 2016, Cushing suffered a partially torn MCL but he did not require surgery.
2017 season.
On September 13, 2017, Cushing was suspended for ten games for again violating the NFL's policy on performance-enhancing substances.
On February 20, 2018, Cushing was released by the Texans after nine seasons as the franchise's all-time leading tackler.
NFL career statistics.
Playoffs.
"Source":
Coaching career.
On January 29, 2019, Cushing was hired to work with strength and conditioning coaches and offer some assistance to players on defense with the Texans.
Personal life.
Cushing's mother, Antoinette, is of Polish descent; she was born in 1944 at a German forced labor camp. His father, Frank, was an intelligence officer in the Vietnam War. His great great uncle was American Civil War veteran Alonzo Cushing, who was killed at the Battle of Gettysburg and posthumously received the Medal of Honor.
Cushing is married to his college sweetheart Megan Ohai, an athlete who had success on USC's women's soccer squad; they began dating just prior to Cushing's NFL draft. His sister-in-law is soccer player Kealia Ohai, who is married to his former Texans teammate J. J. Watt. The Cushings have three sons together.

</doc>
<doc id="7043430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043430" title="Sound recorder">
Sound recorder



</doc>
<doc id="7043431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043431" title="Hounslow Guardian">
Hounslow Guardian



</doc>
<doc id="7043433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043433" title="Lewisham News Shopper">
Lewisham News Shopper



</doc>
<doc id="7043435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043435" title="Ambrosia Moore Forrester">
Ambrosia Moore Forrester



</doc>
<doc id="7043438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043438" title="Kosma">
Kosma



</doc>
<doc id="7043439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043439" title="Amber Moore Forrester">
Amber Moore Forrester



</doc>
<doc id="7043441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043441" title="Julia Vucich">
Julia Vucich



</doc>
<doc id="7043442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043442" title="Enfield Independent">
Enfield Independent



</doc>
<doc id="7043443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043443" title="Ambrosia Forrester">
Ambrosia Forrester



</doc>
<doc id="7043462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043462" title="Musique pour 3 Femmes Enceintes">
Musique pour 3 Femmes Enceintes

Musique pour 3 Femmes Enceintes () is a 2005 album by Marc Leclair. The album was conceived while Leclair's wife and several of her friends were simultaneously pregnant. Over the course of the album, each track is labeled according to a point in the pregnancy ("64th Day," "205th Day,") with Leclair's attempts to convey the moods of the experience.
Production.
The album began development when Leclair's wife and two close friends became pregnant around the same time. Leclair began work on what became the album, which tracks the progression of a fetus in the womb with track titles "64e Jour" (). The album attempts to convey the moods and feelings of the experience.
The track "1er Jour" is a collaboration with the German minimalists Rechenzentrum.
Release.
"Musique pour 3 Femmes Enceintes" was initially released on April 11, 2005 with what Pitchfork Media writer Mark Richardson described as a "low-key release". It was later re-issued on compact disc by Mutek Records on June 6, 2006.
Reception.
Raf Katigbak of the "Montreal Mirror" declared the album as "beautiful" and "a hauntingly personal album" awarding it an 8.5 out of 10 rating. Mark Richardson of Pitchfork Media gave the album an 8.1 out of ten rating declaring that "Leclair has created an excellent and varied record that sounds really good in a single go straight through." Rick Anderson stated that "there's more complexity to much of this music than initially meets the ear" and that LeClair had "succeeded at creating interesting and enjoyable music"
Dan Raper of PopMatters gave the album a five out of ten rating, finding that if the album were separated from its concept that the compositions on the album could represent anything, finding that "individual tracks take a long time to establish individual character, often expanding in warm ambient synths for a few minutes before a distinctive theme establishes itself." and that between the tracks once percussion fades "there are multiple lulls where the expected development seems to have halted." Raper concluded that the album "has some great moments" but that it could be "tough-going for those used to tracks with a beginning, a middle, and an end."

</doc>
<doc id="7043467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043467" title="Patiliputta">
Patiliputta



</doc>
<doc id="7043470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043470" title="Oklahoma State Highway 56">
Oklahoma State Highway 56

State Highway 56 (abbreviated SH-56 or OK-56) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. The road serves Seminole County, Okfuskee County, and Okmulgee Counties in central and east-central Oklahoma. In Seminole County, it is also designated as the Seminole Nation Highway in honor of the contributions the Seminole Nation has made to the state of Oklahoma.
SH-56 begins at an intersection with US-377 four miles (6 km) east of Konawa, and extends to US-75 in Okmulgee. The highway's total length is .
SH-56 was first added to the state highway system in 1929. It was gradually extended to its present length between then and 1942.
Route description.
SH-56 begins at the junction of SH-39 and US-377/SH-3E/SH-99 four miles (6 km) east of Konawa. From here, the highway and heads east, curving through the hilly terrain of southeastern Seminole County. The highway passes through the town of Sasakwa east of US-377. At Sasakwa, the road turns north, crossing the Little River northeast of town and generally paralleling the Seminole–Hughes County county line.
The highway then bisects the town of Wewoka, intersecting US-270 and concurring with its business loop. SH-56 also serves as the eastern terminus of SH-59 in Wewoka. North of the town, SH-56 intersects with SH-9. The highway continues north, intersecting SH-99A in Cromwell and interchanging with I-40 near the unincorporated community of Schoolton. After crossing I-40, SH-56 makes a long arc to the east, bringing it into Okfuskee County.
Just east of the county line, SH-56 bridges the North Canadian River. South of Castle, the road intersects with SH-48. SH-56 then proceeds east into Okemah, the county seat, where it has a short concurrency with both US-62 and SH-27. The highway continues east from town, then turns north, before turning back to the east to pass through the unincorporated settlement of Okfuskee. East of Okfuskee, the highway enters Okmulgee County.
In Okmulgee County, SH-56 skirts the northern edge of Okmulgee Lake and serves Dripping Springs State Park. East of the lake, it passes through Okmulgee Wildlife Refuge and Deep Fork National Wildlife Refuge. It then enters the city of Okmulgee. There, SH-56 comes to an end at US-75. However, there is a separate loop route segment of SH-56 that starts from a more northerly point on US-75 and runs a short distance to US-62.
History.
State Highway 56 traces its origins to August 28, 1929, its original date of commissioning. At that time, the highway only consisted of the portion of the route extending from the SH-99 junction (then SH-48) east to Sasakwa, thence north to end at SH-3 south of Wewoka. The highway underwent its first extension just under two years later, on June 15, 1931, when it was extended to end at US-62 in Okemah. The highway was extended to Okmulgee on April 13, 1942, bringing it to its current extent. Other than minor realignments and establishment of the Loop route segment, the highway has undergone no further changes since 1942.
Loop route.
State Highway 56 Loop (also known as SH-56 Loop or more commonly, Loop 56) is a bypass route around the northeast quadrant of Okmulgee, starting from US-75 in the north of Okmulgee, running in an arc east and then south, and connecting with US-62 east of the city. Although it shares its number with SH-56, it does not intersect its implied parent route. Among other functions, the highway provides access to Oklahoma State University Institute of Technology as well as the College of the Muscogee Nation. Loop 56 is long. It was established on May 7, 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="7043474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043474" title="Chandra Bhan Prasad">
Chandra Bhan Prasad

Chandra Bhan Prasad (born September 1958) is an Indian journalist, writer, activist and political commentator. He belongs to the Pasi community. 
Career.
In 2007-08 Prasad was a visiting scholar at the Centre for the Advanced Study of India (CASI) at the University of Pennsylvania. He has been profiled by "The New York Times" and "The Washington Post".

</doc>
<doc id="7043479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043479" title="Clews Competition Motorcycles">
Clews Competition Motorcycles

Clews Competition Machines (CCM) is a British motorcycle manufacturer based in Bolton, England. CCM was founded in 1971 by Alan Clews and gained notability for producing specialised BSA powered motocross machines. The company has produced a variety of motorcycle models over its history using a variety of engine suppliers including Rotax, Suzuki and Kymco.
History.
Alan Clews was a successful Trials and Scrambles competitor in the late 1960s. He wanted a lighter, more nimble and modern motocross bike, like the custom-built 500 cc motorcycles used by the BSA factory racing team. When the BSA Competition Department was disbanded in 1971, he saw his opportunity and bought all the factory parts that were available. 
Clews started building motocross bikes in his garage. Having no access to BSA works engines, Clews made his own extensive improvements to the standard BSA B50 500 cc engine, obtained by breaking up B50 MX bikes. His reputation grew as a builder of four-stroke motocross bikes that were capable of competing with the dominant two-stroke bikes. In the mid-1970s, the CCM racing team achieved respectable results in the 500 cc Motocross World Championship, with rider John Banks placing in the top five several times.
Initially powered by BSA engines, the firm used Rotax engines during the 1980s and 1990s when production reached a peak of 3,500 annually. Between 1983 and 1985, over 4,000 CCM motorcycles were licensed to export bikes to North America badged as Can-Am motorcycles.
In 1984, the firm secured a contract to produce the Rotax-engined Armstrong MT500 bikes for the British Army, and through overseas sales won a Queen's Export Award. The MT500 began as the Italian SWM XN Tornado, to which Armstrong acquired the rights in 1984 when SWM liquidated, and Armstrong modified it for military use. Harley-Davidson bought the production rights to the MT-500 in 1987 when NATO chose the machine, and created a 350 cc version that reduced weight, added an electric start, and upgrading pollution standards, which was named the Harley-Davidson MT350E.
Return to Clews ownership.
The CCM company was acquired by the Robson family in 1998 who procured Suzuki DR-Z400 engines. In 2004, the company ceased operations and its assets were bought back by the original owner, Alan Clews. In 2005 the company launched two new bikes, the R35 Supermoto and the FT35 flat tracker. The firm returned to world champion competition, fielding a team in the 2009 FIM Motocross World Championship with riders Tom Church, Jason Dougan and Ray Rowson.
2010 saw CCM working with the military once again, with a contract of 1500 motorcycles, however CCM weren't just content with military sales, they went on to secure their first ACU British Indoor Motocross Championship with Tom Church on board a CCM.
CCM GP450.
In 2013 CCM announced plans for a GP450 machine to meet a market demand for a road legal middleweight adventure bike. A prototype was made available to journalists for testing in 2014, and the first bikes rolled off the production line in November 2014.
The GP450 is very light at 125kg (dry), which is 98kg lighter than the popular BMW R1200GS Adventure. The GP450 has a frame of "Bond-Lite" aluminium, which CCM claim as a world first. The bought-in engine is a BMW 450cc 4-stroke single, detuned from 51hp to 41hp. Originally used in the discontinued BMW GP450X, the 450cc engine is now built by Kymco in Taiwan. The CCM has received very favourable comments on its lightness, the engine's responsiveness, and the excellent handling both on- and off-road. The factory team of 11 workers is currently producing eight bikes per week.
2016 saw an "RS" version produced which had 17" wheels instead of the standard 21/18" setup. 
Production of the GP450 ceased in 2017 due to the replacement of Euro 3 with Euro 4 emission standards and the engine not being able to meet the stricter certification standards. Cafe racers ,Scramblers also made 450 to 600cc
CCM Spitfire.
Due to the Euro 4 emissions standards the GP450 was phased out since the engine was not compliant with this regulation. A group of CCM employees set about designing a new machine which was to be hand welded from T45 carbon steel and covered with a clear lacquer enabling the welds to be seen. The first prototype was unveiled in late 2016 and four further models were added to the range.

</doc>
<doc id="7043482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043482" title="Ben Darwin">
Ben Darwin

Ben Darwin (born 17 October 1976) is a former Australian rugby union footballer. A graduate of the Australian Institute of Sport scholarship program , he played 28 times for the Wallabies, Australia's national team, from 2001 to 2003. During this time, Darwin played games against the British and Irish Lions and was part of the Wallabies' 2003 Rugby World Cup team. His usual position was tighthead prop, although on occasion he played on the loosehead side.
Wallabies career.
Darwin made his international debut for Australia in June 2001, coming off the bench against the touring Lions in Brisbane. He also played in the 2001 Tri Nations Series later that year, and was capped against Spain, England, France and Wales. He played in the 2002 Tri Nations Series, as well as being capped another four times during the end of year tour. He played 11 times for Australia in 2003, and was included in the 2003 World Cup squad. It was during the Wallabies' World Cup semi-final win against the All Blacks that Darwin sustained a neck injury that forced him to retire from rugby.
Post playing career.
After retirement, Darwin made the switch from player to coach, starting at club rugby level with Sydney's Northern Suburbs where he was appointed head coach in 2005. In 2006, Darwin was involved with the start up of the Super 14 club, the Western Force, as the Forwards Coach until mid-2006. In 2007, Darwin was selected to be a part of the commentary team covering the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France for the Australian television network, Channel 10. While he France, Darwin was also in training for his first Iron Man triathlon, which he completed in Port Macquarie in April 2008. He finished his second Iron Man, again at Port Macquarie, the following year.
At the beginning of June 2008, Darwin moved to Tokyo where he served as the Forwards Coach for the Japanese Top League Rugby team, the NTT Shining Arcs, a team owned by Japanese telecommunications giant NTT. Darwin was integral to the club's promotion from the 2nd Division Top East competition to Top League at the end of the 09/10 season.
At the beginning of 2010, Darwin married a writer/journalist from Melbourne. Shortly after, Darwin and his wife returned to Australia in order for Darwin to take up the Scrum Coach/Video Analyst position for the Melbourne Rebels Super Rugby franchise team.
Darwin writes regular columns on rugby matters for www.rugbyzone.com.
Ben began Gain Line Analytics in 2013 and works with leading sporting clubs, national teams and corporate clients.
Career Timeline.
2005: Head Coach at Northern Suburbs, Sydney Australia
2006: Forwards Coach at Western Force, Perth, Australia
2008–10: Forwards Coach and Video Analyst at NTT Shining Arcs, Tokyo, Japan.
2010–12: Scrum Coach and Video Analyst/Head of IT at Melbourne Rebels, Melbourne, Australia.
2012–13: Forwards Coach for Suntory Sungoliath, Tokyo, Japan. 
2013-:Co Founded Gain Line Analytics with Simon Strachan former senior interior designer with Holden Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="7043487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043487" title="John Cinnamus">
John Cinnamus



</doc>
<doc id="7043489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043489" title="Agustín Caloca Cortés">
Agustín Caloca Cortés



</doc>
<doc id="7043490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043490" title="CinCW">
CinCW



</doc>
<doc id="7043497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043497" title="Detroit Swing 66/Ping One Down">
Detroit Swing 66/Ping One Down

Detroit Swing 66/Ping One Down is a seven-track EP by British rock band Gomez, released in 2002 on Hut/Virgin Records in Australia. Both "Detroit Swing 66" and "Ping One Down" had been featured on the album "In Our Gun". "Detroit Swing 66" was played to radio in Australia only. However, "Ping One Down" had a video made and was released as another double A side single in the UK, together with "Sound of Sounds". Consequently, "Sound of Sounds" never aired in Australia. The EP’s B-sides are mostly from the UK Gomez single "Shot Shot", apart from "Click Click", which had been featured on the UK "Ping One Down/Sound of Sounds" single. The five extra tracks were later that year put onto a bonus disc to be repackaged with "In Our Gun".

</doc>
<doc id="7043501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043501" title="Baptist Mid-Missions">
Baptist Mid-Missions

Baptist Mid-Missions is an Independent Baptist mission agency based in Cleveland, Ohio.
History.
Originally named The General Council of Co-operating Baptist Missions of North America, Inc., this mission board was established October 15, 1920. Its first ministry was in French Equatorial Africa in the 1920s. During the same decade it established some works among the Afro-Caribbean English speaking community in Guasipati, and in El Callao, in the south-eastern region of Venezuela.
By 2006, Baptist Mid-Missions supported nearly 1000 missionaries in 50 countries and in all six inhabited continents.
Baptist Mid-Missions' focus is on church planting, which is supported by ministries such as Bible translation/literacy, seminaries, camps, broadcasting, publishing, and disaster relief.

</doc>
<doc id="7043502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043502" title="The Press (newspaper)">
The Press (newspaper)



</doc>
<doc id="7043508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043508" title="Promontory Park">
Promontory Park



</doc>
<doc id="7043511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043511" title="AFL Umpires">
AFL Umpires



</doc>
<doc id="7043513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043513" title="The Big Picture (Michael W. Smith album)">
The Big Picture (Michael W. Smith album)

The Big Picture is the third album by contemporary Christian music artist Michael W. Smith, released in 1986 on Reunion Records. The title comes from the song "Pursuit of the Dream," in which it is heard a few times, but also applies to the variety of themes for young people to learn about from the various songs on the album. While "Pursuit of the Dream" instructs the listener to pursue their goals, other themes on the album include the folly of escapism ("Lamu"), sexual abstinence before marriage ("Old Enough to Know"), and maintaining a positive self image ("You're Alright"). The song "Tearing Down The Wall" opens with a reverse snippet of Amy Grant's "Emmanuel". "The Big Picture" was ranked at number 21 on "CCM Magazine's" "100 Greatest Albums in Christian Music." Smith won a GMA Dove Award for Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year at the 18th GMA Dove Awards and was nominated for a Grammy for Best Gospel Performance, Male at the 29th Grammy Awards.
Personnel.
Backing vocals on "Voices"
Accolades.
GMA Dove Awards

</doc>
<doc id="7043524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043524" title="Umpire (AFL)">
Umpire (AFL)



</doc>
<doc id="7043532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043532" title="José María Robles Hurtado">
José María Robles Hurtado

José María Robles Hurtado (May 3, 1888 – June 26, 1927) was a Mexican priest and one of several priests martyred during the Cristero War.
Early life.
He was born to the devoutly-Catholic family of Antonio Robles and Petronilla Hurtado in Mascota, Jalisco. At 12, he entered the seminary at Guadalajara. He was ordained to the priesthood at Guadalajara in 1913, at 25. A few years later, he founded the Sisters of the Sacred Heart of Jesus. He wrote a number of works to propagate the Catholic faith and also catechized others in ways contrary to the laws of the country. While serving as the pastor at a parish in Tecolotlán, he began to promote greater devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus through his preaching, his personal example, and his great devotion to the Eucharist. His fervency was so pronounced that he became known as the "Madman of the Sacred Heart." He was known to work tirelessly for the care of the sick in his parish, and he often spent several hours hearing confessions of his parishioners. He also worked for greater reverence to Our Lady of Guadalupe. He was a Knight of Columbus, a member of council 1979.
Persecution.
The Constitution of 1917 prohibited any public processions or other devotional practices. Hurtado proposed the creation of a huge cross to be placed in the geographic center of Mexico, which he said would be symbolic of how Mexico recognized Christ as its king, and he organized a public ceremony for the laying of the cornerstone of the cross in direct violation of the existing constitution.
In anticipation of the laying of the cornerstone, signs were placed throughout Mexico proclaiming Christ the "King of Mexico" and declaring the nation's devotion to the Sacred Heart. In 1923, an estimated 40,000 Roman Catholics made their way to the site of the cross to take part in the groundbreaking ceremonies at the hill, which was at the time called "La Loma" and is now called the mountain of Christ the King. After the open display of defiance, the government decided to intensify its persecution of Catholics in Mexico and to ensure that Robles, in particular, would not engage in such acts again.
Despite the increasing persecution of Catholics in general and the explicit invitations to him to leave Mexico personally, Robles remained and continued to minister to his congregation and to offer what solace he could to the survivors and families of Catholics who had been persecuted and killed by the government. Eventually, he even went further, and promoted the idea of armed defense of Catholics who were suffering from the persecution.
Death.
Robles Hurtado recognized the likelihood of being killed for his actions, and he wrote a poem in which he stated, "I want to love you until martyrdom." He was arrested on June 25, 1927, for saying a prayer in the home of the Agraz family, which was hiding him. He was found guilty and sentenced to be hanged from an oak tree. The next day before dawn, he was led to the tree. In a final display of compassion for his executioners, he offered them a small votive candle that he had in his pocket to help light the path to the tree on which he was to be hanged. Upon arriving there, he forgave the men for what they were about to do. He took the noose into his own hands and said "Don't dirty your hands" to the man who brought it, kissed it, and placed it around his own neck.
Veneration.
He was beatified by Pope John Paul II on November 22, 1992 and canonized on May 21, 2000, by Pope John Paul II, together with others involved in the Cristero War, including Cristobal Magallanes Jara, his 24 companions in martyrdom, and María de Jesús Sacramentado Venegas.
Relics.
On February 27, 2012, the bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guadalajara granted to Bishop James S. Wall of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gallup, a first class relic for the altar in Bishop Wall's chapel. This relic was received on April 12, 2012, and is especially dear to the Diocese of Gallup because their patron is the Sacred Heart.

</doc>
<doc id="7043538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043538" title="Trinity Catholic College, Auburn">
Trinity Catholic College, Auburn

Trinity Catholic College Auburn is a dual-campus independent Roman Catholic co-educational secondary day school, located in the inner western suburbs of Auburn and Regents Park, in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Students in Years 7 and 8 are located at the Regents Park campus, and students from Years 9 to 12 are located at the Auburn campus. The college follows the religious tradition of the Marist Brothers, founded in 1817 by French priest and saint Marcellin Champagnat.
History.
Trinity Catholic College was founded in 1995 from an amalgamation of three schools: Benedict College, Auburn, St John's Regional College for Girls, Auburn and St Peter Chanel Girls’ High, Regents Park. The Sydney Archdiocesan Catholic Schools Board decided to constitute a single new co-educational College to operate on two campuses in 1992.
The tradition of the Marist Brothers was established in 1942 with the foundation of a boys’ school at Auburn, which eventually became the senior Secondary school of the district, Benedict College. The Sisters of Charity, the first religious sisters to work in Australia, began a school at Auburn in 1893, which became St John's Regional College for Girls. The inspiration of St Mary of the Cross as one of the college's saints was handed down in St Peter Chanel Girls’ High at Regents Park, founded in 1953 by the Sisters of St Joseph.
Principals.
The following individuals have served as Principal of Trinity Catholic College:
HSC results.
In 2013, 1% of the HSC courses provided were above state average. In 2014, 83% of the HSC courses provided were above state average, and in 2015, 81% of the HSC courses were above state average. These results place Trinity Catholic College among the highest performing schools in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sydney. The school ranked 206th in NSW in 2018, in terms of HSC results. In 2019, the school was ranked 223rd in NSW for their HSC results.
Sports and extracurricular activities.
Sports is a part of the curriculum at Trinity Catholic College. All students participate in a sport program each Thursday afternoon as well as having the opportunity to participate in a number of whole-school sporting carnivals.
The college is a member of both the (MCSA) and the Metropolitan Combined Catholic Schools' Association (MCCS), which hold competitions for a variety of sports for both boys and girls. The MCS provides inter-school competition sports such as athletics, basketball, cricket, cross country, golf, rugby league, soccer, softball, squash, swimming, tennis, touch football, and volleyball. The MCCS provides inter-school competition in athletics, volleyball, swimming, softball, soccer, tennis, netball, touch football, basketball, hockey, and chess.
Trinity Catholic College also participates in REMAR, and various other external initiatives, for the purpose of creating a spiritual bond with their Catholic faith. Students have the opportunity to engage in World Youth Day, Youth Camps and reflection days.

</doc>
<doc id="7043542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043542" title="Scottsburg station">
Scottsburg station

Scottsburg is a historic railroad depot located at Scottsburg, Scott County, Indiana. It was built in 1872 by the Jeffersonville, Madison and Indianapolis Railroad, costing almost $1,492 (). It is a one-story, Stick Style frame building with board and batten siding and a projecting agent's window. Its presence influenced the location of Scottsburg in 1874, as the town was named for the railroad's General Superintendent, Horace Scott. It was built specifically for both passenger and freight cargo. Inside there was separate waiting rooms for men and women. Passenger service to the station ended in the 1950s. It is one of the last structures of its kind still standing in Indiana.
It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 as the Scottsburg Depot, but was moved one block north to its present location to help preserve it. With federal transportation funds, it was restored. In 1996 it became the Scottsburg Heritage Station.

</doc>
<doc id="7043548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043548" title="Prince of Wales (cocktail)">
Prince of Wales (cocktail)

The Prince of Wales is a cocktail created by Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, who later became King Edward VII. There are several variations of the cocktail, but what they usually have in common is champagne, angostura bitters, sugar (or simple syrup), either rye whiskey or cognac, and a liqueur.
An anonymous biography of King Edward, "The Private Life of King Edward VII", credits the drink to the Prince himself. The cocktail consisted of "a little rye whisky, crushed ice, a small square of pineapple, a dash of Angostura bitters, a piece of lemon peel, a few drops of Maraschino, a little champagne, and powdered sugar to taste."
The ingredients for a Prince of Wales are:
The drink is prepared by stirring sugar and bitters, adding whiskey and liqueur, then pineapple. These are shaken with crushed ice, the mix is strained into a cocktail glass, and then one adds the champagne. Some recipes use cognac or brandy instead of rye whiskey, Bénédictine or other liqueur in lieu of Maraschino, and orange in the place of pineapple. The methods of preparation also vary.
Meyer says that the cocktail is "a marvelous drink with the spicy rye ... and the sweet Maraschino and pineapple playing off each other and the bubbly tying it all together." According to André Dominé, Prince of Wales has bitter, sweet, and sour in perfect harmony.

</doc>
<doc id="7043555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043555" title="Horror Inc.">
Horror Inc.



</doc>
<doc id="7043561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043561" title="Mulyanka">
Mulyanka

The Mulyanka (, ), also referred as Upper Mulyanka, is a small river in Perm Krai, Russia which flows in the city of Perm and nearby Permsky District and is a left tributary of the Kama. The proximity of city's industry has a heavy influence on the river ecology.
Geography.
The Mulyanka is long, and the area of its drainage basin is . Mulyanka has 35 tributaries; the largest of them is its left tributary, Pyzh. One of its right tributaries is the Malinovka. 
The origin of Mulyanka is in the Permsky District of Perm Krai. It mainly flows along the west outskirts of the left-bank (relatively to Kama) part of Perm's (Industrialny and Dzerzhinsky city districts).
The village of Verkhniye Mully (), one of the oldest historical settlements in the borders of modern Perm, is situated at the banks of the Mulyanka. Since 1958 it belongs to Industrialny City District of Perm.
There are following bridges over Mulyanka in Industrialny City District:
Then Mulyanka flows along the edge of Chernyayevsky Forest and crosses the borders of Industrialny and Dzerzhinsky City Districts. In Dzerzhinsky District it flows between Parkovy and Zaostrovka microdistricts and is crossed by following bridges:
The mouth of the Mulyanka is in the Zheleznodorozhny microdistrict of Dzerzhinsky City District of Perm. The width of the Mulyanka is frequently changing and in some places reaches .
Ship transport.
Mulyanka is not included in the list of navigable rivers of Perm Krai, which consists of Kama, Vishera, Sylva, and Chusovaya.
History.
Unlike most rivers of Perm Krai, whose toponymy is considered to be Permic, the names of rivers of Upper Mulyanka and Lower Mulyanka came from the Persian word "mullah". The researchers of history of Perm Krai connect it with Tatarian prince Mametkul, who settled in the region before or during the reign of Ivan the Terrible and was an imam, or mullah. His elder son, Urak-bey Mametkulov, lived at the Upper Mulyanka, and the younger son, Irak-bey Syundyuk-bey Mametkulov lived at the Lower Mulyanka. So came the names of this rivers and the villages Verkhniye Mully (meaning, 'The Upper Mullahs') and Nizhniye Mully ('The Lower Mullahs'), respectively. More old Pre-Turkic names of this rivers were lost.
In 1722, Georg Wilhelm de Gennin, manager of Ural State Factories and master Cimmerman, took samples of copper ore from the banks of Mulyanka. The test results confirmed de Gennin's intention to start the construction of "Yegoshikha copper smelting factory" which resulted in the foundation of Perm city.
Ecology.
Mulyanka runs along the borders of the city of Perm and is contaminated by industrial waste, such at that of stock-breeding farms and sawmills. Mulyanka is influenced by the adjacency of oil refinery of Lukoil-Permnefteorgsintez which was put into operation in 1958.
Chemical composition.
According to a 2004 report by the Perm Oblast's Administration of Environment Protection, water in the Mulyanka River belongs to the 2nd to 3rd class of quality, but the upper waters, taking into account nitrites, iron and oxygen content, belong to the 4th class. This makes it unsuitable for drinking and fish farming even after preliminary processing. The oxygen mode in the river is found to be unfavorable. The chemical consumption of oxygen amounts to 40–70 mg/L while the norm is 30 mg/L; the biochemical consumption is 5.15–7.08 mg/L, while norm is 5 mg/L. The concentration of suspended substances is 11–18 mg/L.
Condition of zoobenthos.
According to the results of research, performed by experts of Perm State University, the pollution of Mulyanka exercises strong negative influence on the condition of zoobenthos. Middle and lower parts of river are the most polluted ones. The biggest source of pollution is Lukoil Permneft Ltd, whose waste reaches Mulyanka by the Pyzh River. The oil products content of Mulyanka water at the place of the Pyzh's confluence exceeds the Maximum Permissible Concentration 49.4 times. Close to the mouth of Mulyanka ammonium content exceeds the MPC 1.3 times, 2.5 times for nitrites and 2 times for the oil products. As a result of bottom fauna sample analysis, 75 species have been discovered: ten species of Oligochaeta, two species of Hirudinea, six species of Gastropoda, two species of Bivalvia, and 55 species of Insecta. The distribution of macrozoobenthos in different sectors of the river is:
Research by young ecologists.
In 2003, a group of young ecologists from the School #6 of Perm city and the School of Kultayevo Village performed an investigation of the ecological condition of water in the Mulyanka River within the project titled "Ecological condition of small rivers of Perm City and suburb zone". The samples of water were taken close to Kultayevo Village and near the river mouth in Parkovy microdistrict. The chemical analysis of water was performed in the Ecological Laboratory of Chemistry chair in the Perm State Pedagogical University. The research showed that chemical composition of Mulyanka water was different inside and outside the city. The data obtained demonstrated that "the water in the Mulyanka river isn't suitable for drinking".
In 2005, pupils from the School #59 of Perm City took part in the DOOG—2005 "Remote Educational Contest in Geography" and performed an experiment entitled “Purification of water from the Mulyanka River”. The results are presented in the table:
As a result of the experiment, the conclusion was made: "water, taken from the Mulyanka River, may be purified by settling, filtration and absorption". This work was rewarded the "Second degree DOOG-2005 diploma".

</doc>
<doc id="7043567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043567" title="Jack Brand">
Jack Brand

Jack Brand (born 4 April 1953) is a Canadian retired professional soccer goalkeeper. He holds the record for most shutouts in a season in the North American Soccer League with 15 in 1980. He was born in Braunschweig, West Germany. In 2008, Jack was inducted into the Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame
Soccer career.
Brand began his senior club career with Toronto Hungaria of the National Soccer League in 1973. In 1974, he joined Toronto Metros of NASL and played 14 regular season games. In '75, he played 2 regular season and 1 play-off game for the Toronto Metros-Croatia. Brand returned to the NSL for 1976, helping Toronto Italia win the league championship. He returned to the NASL for '77, playing 26 regular season games and 5 play-off games for the Rochester Lancers. With the New York Cosmos in 1978, Brand appeared in 10 regular season and 5 play-off games, and was in goal as the Cosmos won Soccer Bowl '78 3–1 over Tampa Bay. The following season after 7 games changed teams and played 4 regular season and 5 play-off games for the Tulsa Roughnecks.
1980 was Brand's career year, playing with the Seattle Sounders. The Sounders went on to post a 25–7 win-lose record, constituting a NASL record for wins in a season. Brand was voted North American Player of the Year and NASL Second Team All-Star in posting a 0.91 GAA and 15 shutouts, also a league record. The following season though the team sputtered to a losing record. Brand played in 23 games. He concluded his NASL career playing 14 contests for the Tampa Bay Rowdies in 1982. In 1984, he played for F.C. Seattle in the F.C. Seattle Challenge Cup. He briefly served as coach of F.C. Seattle before being replaced by Bruce Rioch in February 1985.
Brand was earned his only senior 'A' as a 21-year-old on 28 October 1974 in Budapest in a 1–1 draw. He was Canada's goalkeeper in their home 1976 Summer Olympics. The team was eliminated in the first stage of the tournament, losing 1–2 to the Soviet Union and 1–3 to North Korea. In 6 pre-Olympic friendlies played in Canada in 1975, Brand and the Canucks conceded a whopping 25 goals in 6 losing contests played against the Olympic teams of Poland, Hungary, and East Germany. He also was a member of the Canadian squad at the 1975 Pan American Games.
Personal.
Brand comes from a sports family with his parents involved in track and field. He earned a commerce and finance degree from the University of Rochester. In 1978, Brand married his high school sweetheart, Birgit Leveloh. He currently lives in Toronto, where he runs his family's industrial felt company.
References.
http://www.sportbuzzer.de/gallerie/jack-brand-von-wurzen-zu-cosmos-new-york/

</doc>
<doc id="7043573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043573" title="Workers' Charter">
Workers' Charter

Workers' Charter was a broad-based, left-wing movement active in New Zealand, which produced a monthly newspaper of the same name. The paper's editor is well known New Zealand socialist and anti-racist John Minto, and its contributors range across the left wing spectrum- anarchists, revolutionary socialists, left wing reformists and trade union activists all contribute.

</doc>
<doc id="7043574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043574" title="Baden powell">
Baden powell



</doc>
<doc id="7043579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043579" title="See the World (Gomez song)">
See the World (Gomez song)



</doc>
<doc id="7043582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043582" title="Puree sieve">
Puree sieve



</doc>
<doc id="7043589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043589" title="Vung Tau Airport">
Vung Tau Airport

Vung Tau Airport is a small airport in southern Vietnam, in the Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu province. It serves the city of Vũng Tàu and is located near the downtown of the city.
Facilities.
There is a 1,800 m paved runway (as of 2006). The airport is capable of handling small aircraft such as ATR-72 and AN-38.
History.
The airport was originally established as Cap St Jacques Airfield in the French colonial period.
Airlines and destinations.
The Southern Service Flight Company provides helicopter services for petroleum exploration and production activities offshore of Vũng Tàu.

</doc>
<doc id="7043597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043597" title="The Live Set">
The Live Set

The Live Set is the first live album from Michael W. Smith. Released in 1986, it features selections from his first three previous studio albums ("The Big Picture", "Michael W. Smith 2", and "Michael W. Smith Project") and introduces three new songs.
The opening track, "Nothin' but the Blood", is the first of the new songs. It is a modern re-working of Robert Lowry's classic hymn "Nothing but the Blood." "I Know" was released to radio as a single (the radio edit is only available commercially on "The Wonder Years"). "Emily" would later receive a studio release on Smith's 1990 studio album "Go West Young Man".
The band included Wayne Kirkpatrick, Chris Rodriguez, David Huff, Mark Heimermann and Chris Harris. A video version of the concert was also available commercially.

</doc>
<doc id="7043600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043600" title="Patient Master Index">
Patient Master Index



</doc>
<doc id="7043601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043601" title="Alexander Brailowsky">
Alexander Brailowsky

Alexander Brailowsky (16 February 1896 – 25 April 1976) was a Russian and French pianist who specialised in the works of Frédéric Chopin.
Early life.
Brailowsky was born in Kiev, then part of the Russian Empire, to a Jewish family, and as a boy, he studied piano with his father, a professional pianist. When he was 8, he studied in Kiev with Vladimir Puchalsky, a pupil of Theodor Leschetizky. At the age of 8 he enrolled in the Kiev Conservatory, from where he graduated in 1911 with a gold medal. He studied with Leschetizky in Vienna until 1914, when he moved to Switzerland as a consequence of World War I. Subsequently, Brailowsky studied with Ferruccio Busoni in Zürich and with Francis Planté in Paris. He became a French citizen in 1926.
Career.
Brailowsky made his concert debut in Paris in 1919. In mid-1923, he traveled to Annecy, where he began to prepare a series of six recitals that would include all of the piano works by Frédéric Chopin. He later described the preparatory work for these recitals:
It was the work of a mathematician, rather than a pianist. [The six programs] had to be arranged in such a way that they would not be monotonous. I worked as though I was putting together a big puzzle.
In 1924, he gave a recital in Paris of the complete cycle of the works of Chopin, the first in history, using the composer's own piano for part of the recital. He then went on to present a further thirty cycles of Chopin's music in Paris, Brussels, Zurich, Mexico City, Buenos Aires and Montevideo. A highly successful world tour followed. Brailowsky's American debut was at Aeolian Hall in New York City in 1924.
He toured the United States in 1936. During a series of nineteen recitals in Buenos Aires, he never repeated a single work.
During World War II, he gave recitals for the USO. In 1960, he played the Chopin cycle again in Paris, and in Brussels in honor of the 150th anniversary of Chopin's birth.
Between 1925 and 1930 he recorded at least twenty three works for the Ampico reproducing pianos, preserving his earliest recorded legacy in this medium.
Brailowsky's first audio recordings were produced in Berlin from 1928 to 1934 and released on 78 rpm discs. In 1938, he recorded in London for His Master's Voice. Later discs were produced for RCA Victor and, in the 1960s, for CBS. Besides his huge output of Chopin, his repertoire also included Rachmaninoff, Saint-Saëns, Liszt, Debussy and others.
Death.
Brailowsky died at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City at the age of 80 from complications brought on by pneumonia. He and his wife are buried at Mount Judah Cemetery in the Ridgewood neighborhood of Queens.
Technique.
Brailowsky said that the technique used to play Chopin's music should be "fluent, fluid, delicate, airy, and capable of great variety of color."
Selected recordings.
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra
Enrique Jorda, conductor

</doc>
<doc id="7043609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043609" title="Enterprise master patient index">
Enterprise master patient index

An enterprise master patient index or enterprise-wide master patient index (EMPI) is a patient database used by healthcare organizations to maintain accurate medical data across its various departments. Patients are assigned a unique identifier, so they are represented only once across all the organization's systems. Patient data can include name; gender; date of birth; race and ethnicity; social security number; current address and contact information; insurance information; current diagnoses; and most recent date of hospital admission and discharge (if applicable).
EMPIs are intended to ensure patient data is correct and consistent throughout the organization regardless of which system is being updated. Non-healthcare organizations also face similar issues maintaining customer records across different departments.
Many software vendors use the terms EMPI and MPI (master patient index) synonymously, because an MPI is only workable if it is used by all software applications across an entire enterprise; that is, "master" implies enterprise-wide scope.
EMPIs use match engines along with the technique of referential matching to more easily identify duplicate patient records.
Overview.
In computing, an enterprise[-wide] master patient index is a form of customer data integration (CDI) specific to the healthcare industry. Healthcare organizations and groups use EMPI to identify, match, merge, de-duplicate, and cleanse patient records to create a master index that may be used to obtain a complete and single view of a patient. The EMPI will create a unique identifier for each patient and maintain a mapping to the identifiers used in each records' respective system.
An EMPI will typically provide an application programming interface (API) for searching and querying the index to find patients and the pointers to their identifiers and records in the respective systems. It may also store some subset of the attributes for the patient so that it may be queried as an authoritative source of the "single most accurate record" or "source of truth" for the patient. Registration or other practice management applications may interact with the index when admitting new patients to have the single best record from the start, or may have the records indexed at a later time.
An EMPI may additionally work with or include enterprise application integration (EAI) capabilities to update the originating source systems of the patient records with the cleansed and authoritative data.
Even the best tuned EMPI will not be 100% accurate. Thus an EMPI will provide a data stewardship interface for reviewing the match engine results, handling records for which the engine does not definitively determine a match or not. This interface will provide for performing search, merge, unmerge, edit and numerous other operations. This interface may also be used to monitor the performance of the match engine and perform periodic audits on the quality of the data.
EMPI can be used by organizations such as hospitals, medical centers, outpatient clinics, physician offices and rehabilitation facilities.
Match engine.
A component of an EMPI is the match engine, the method by which different records can be identified as being for the same patient. A match engine may be deterministic, probabilistic, or naturalistic. The match engine must be configured and tuned for each implementation to minimize false matches and unmatches. The accuracy and performance of the match engine are a big factor in determining the value and ROI for an EMPI solution.
The attributes a match engine is configured to use can typically include name, date of birth, sex, social security number, and address. The match engine must be able to give consideration to data challenges such as typos, misspellings, transpositions and aliases.
Referential matching.
Referential matching involves taking third party patient demographic data containing unique identifiers and using it to better match patient records. Rather than compare incomplete records with each other to try to match them, the organization would compare each incomplete record with a more comprehensive referential database. This works across multiple organizations as long as they all use the same referential list of demographic data formatted the same way. Putting the EMPI on the cloud is one technique to ensure uniformity of the match engine. In 2018, Pennsylvania-based NGO The Pew Charitable Trusts identified referential matching using third party patient data as a good way to improve patient matching.
Key benefits.
Correctly matching patient records from disparate systems and different organizations provides a more complete view of a patient. Additional benefits include:

</doc>
<doc id="7043614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043614" title="Sherab Sangpo">
Sherab Sangpo

Sherab Sangpo () ()
Sherab Sangpo is the Spiritual Director of Bodhicitta Sangha | Heart of Enlightenment Institute in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA. He was trained by Khenpo Petse Rinpoche and Jigme Phuntsok Rinpoche, two masters of the Nyingma tradition. He was invited to teach at Chökyi Nyima Rinpoche's Ka-Nying Shedrup Ling monastery, where he gave lectures to both Tibetan monks and Western students at the Centre for Buddhist Studies.
Biography.
Khenpo (tib. literally "wise one") is the spiritual adviser of the Bodhicitta Sangha. He was first invited to Minnesota to teach under the auspices of the Rimé Foundation
Sangpo began his studies in Tibet with Petsé Rinpoche, with whom he studied for over twenty years. He became a monk at the age of seven at Gyalwa Phukhang Monastery, a branch of Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche’s Sechen Monastery. Under Rinpoche's guidance, he first studied Tibetan Buddhist ritual, eventually becoming one of the monastery's ritual leaders and chant masters. Even at a young age, he was renowned for his ability to memorize the vast number of texts used at the monastery and his command of Tibetan Buddhist ritual.
Rinpoche enrolled his student in the monastery’s monastic college, Ngedon Shedrup Targye Ling, when he was thirteen years old. For years, the only task his master gave him was to memorize the countless texts that form the core of the Buddhist education system. Only once he had memorized them all and could recite them from memory did he go on to receive teachings on their meaning. Rinpoche often taught day after day for months on end, without taking a day off. He also taught the monks himself. Sangpo studied for years in this manner, receiving teachings on the range of Buddhist philosophy and practice.
Sangpo is known for his knowledge of Madhyamaka philosophy, the writings of Rimé master Ju Mipham Rinpoche and Buddhist Tantra. Concerning the latter, his expertise comes not only from his knowledge of the Tantric scriptures, but also through his mastery of monastic ritual and the years he has spent meditating in retreat. Rinpoche also gave him extensive teachings on the so-called “five sciences.” which include astrology, poetry, medicine and grammar.Sangpo is renowned for his knowledge of these topics.
Sangpo traveled to Larung Gar Monastery in a remote area in North-Eastern Tibet to study under the lama Jigme Phuntsok Rinpoche. He spent six years with this master furthering his studies, at the end of which his abilities as a teacher were again recognized formally by the monastery and his teachers. He also received rare teachings, such as The Treasury of Precious Revelations (Rinchen Terdzöd), from great Rimé masters like Dilgo Khyentsé Rinpoche and Trulshik Rinpoche, both of whom are root gurus of Tenzin Gyatso the Dalai Lama. 
Following his time in Larung Gar, he returned to his home monastery. Shortly thereafter, Rinpoche gave him a letter of introduction and sent him alone to receive teachings from meditation hermit Adzom Druktrul Rinpoche. Sangpo received the entire “hearing lineage” of the Dzogchen teachings from one of the greatest masters in Tibet. At the end of this period, Adzom Drukpa Rinpoche recognized that his student had truly mastered the teachings. He then commanded Sangpo to uphold all the Buddha’s teachings, formally empowering him to teach all aspects of sutra and tantra, give empowerments, and work for the benefit of others using whatever methods are appropriate. This great honor is a testament to the fact that the Khenpo has mastered not only the theory of Buddhist philosophy and practice, but has also had direct experiential realization of the teachings as well. 
In the late 1990s, Chokyi Nyima Rinpoche requested Rinpoche to send his most learned and accomplished khenpo to teach at his monastery in Kathmandu. Rinpoche responded by sending Sangpo, who then spent four years teaching both Western students and Tibetan monks at Ka-Nying Shedrub Ling Monastery, one of the largest monasteries outside Tibet. During this time, he gave numerous teachings at the Center for Buddhist Studies and Ka-Nying Shedrub Ling Monastery, including Mipham’s commentaries on Nagarjuna’s Fundamental Knowledge of the Middle Way, Chandrakirti’s Entrance to the Middle Way, Shantarakshita’s Ornament of the Middle Way, and Longchenpa’s Dispelling the Darkness of the Ten Directions, a Commentary on the Guhyagarbha Tantra.
External links.
"This article uses GFDL-licensed material from the RangjungYesheWiki article Biography of Khenpo Sherab Sangpo."

</doc>
<doc id="7043619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043619" title="Google.org">
Google.org

Google.org, founded in October 2005, is the charitable arm of Google, a multinational technology company. The organization has committed roughly US$100 million in investments and grants to nonprofits annually.
The organization is noted for several significant grants to nonprofits using technology and data in innovative ways to support racial justice, educational opportunity, crisis response after health epidemics and natural disasters, and issues affecting the San Francisco Bay Area community where it is headquartered. It also hosts regular challenges around the world to stimulate innovative uses of technologies to address local challenges.
Overview.
The mission and approach of Google.org has seen multiple iterations over the years, an approach that mirrors other divisions within Google in its effort to reallocate resources towards the most significant and effective methods. The organization's general strategy involves funding the use of technology, data, and user-centered design to make a better world, faster.
Google.org is considered a part of Google, as opposed to an Alphabet organization, under the formation of the Alphabet parent company in 2016. To fund the organization, Google granted three million shares during their initial public offering (IPO). In 2014, the corporation stated on its website that it donates $100,000,000 in grants, 200,000 hours, and $1 billion in products each year.
Major initiatives.
As of 2016, Google has focused a majority of its efforts on a few key topics, based upon a premise of equality and opportunity. 
Racial Justice.
It is the first major corporate philanthropy organization to allocate funding to combat against racial inequality in the United States, and has funded organizations such as Bryan Stevenson's Equal Justice Initiative, the ACLU, the Ella Baker Center, and Beyond 12. In 2017, Google pledged $11 million in grants to several organizations in connection with racial bias.
Education and Digital Skills.
In addition, Google.org funds education, economic development, and digital literacy related projects in a number of regions. 
Disabilities.
In previous years, Google has funded a number of other areas. In 2015 they announced a $20M effort to use technology to improve opportunity and equality for people with disabilities, one of the few portfolios focused on this segment of the population. Some noted as a unique lens to philanthropy, and a subject area that affects roughly 1 in 7 people across the world. The grant making initiative resulted in a diverse array of grants, including 3D printed prosthetic for landmine victims and children with limb differences, beacon-powered navigation tools for the visually impaired, data analytics projects to surface better tools and aids for people with cognitive disabilities, and better bracing and compliance systems for children with clubfoot. This portfolio ended in 2015.
Crisis Response.
Google.org has also responded to crises around the world, with giving initiatives addressing challenges with the European refugee crisis in 2016, the Ebola crisis in 2014, and the Nepal earthquake in 2015. In many instances, it has been one of the largest corporate donors. The organization also gave $250,000 to organizations working to serve residents affected by the Flint water crisis. In August 2017, the company donated $250,000 to the Red Cross relief fund for Hurricane Harvey.
AI and Social Good.
AI for Social Good is a group of researchers, engineers, volunteers, and other people across Google with a shared focus on positive social impact.
Google.org and Google in general has also been supportive of a number of causes, including LGBT rights, veterans affairs, digital literacy, and refugee rights.
Previous initiatives.
Previous incarnations of Google.org took different approaches, usually focused on technology applied to social sphere, in keeping with the company's brand around technology and innovation.
Among its first projects was a mass-produced plug-in hybrid electric vehicle that can attain 100 mpg (miles per gallon) (see vehicle-to-grid).
In November 2007, Google.org announced "RE&lt;C" (Renewable Energy Cheaper Than Coal), a project that will invest several hundred million dollars in order to produce renewable energy at a profit from wind and solar sources, particularly solar thermal energy. "RE&lt;C" has the ultimate goal of creating more than a gigawatt of power (enough to power a city the size of San Francisco) from renewable sources that would be cheaper than energy produced from coal.
The director from 2006 until 2009 was Dr. Larry Brilliant. Upon stepping down, Brilliant was replaced by Megan Smith, Google's Vice-President of new business development, and the organization began focusing on creating engineering solutions to global problems with projects such as Google Flu Trends and Crisis Response, an effort to respond to natural disasters. Megan Smith later left to join the office of the CTO under the Obama administration, at which point Google.org began focusing exclusively on its charitable giving initiatives under the stewardship of Jacquelline Fuller, who currently runs the organization.
In 2010, Google gave over $145 million to non-profits and academic institutions. In the same year, Google was named the Bay Area's top corporate philanthropist by the San Francisco Business Times for giving $27.6 million to Bay Area charities. The company has won the same award for a number of years since, including as recently as 2016 Charitable funds come from Google.org, the Google Foundation and the company itself.
A new project started in June 2014 is Made with Code, uses coding programs to allow girls to become interested in the idea of coding and develop more female programmers over time.
Google.org's major projects in 2012 included:
Pre-2012 Google.org projects included:
Renewable energy.
In 2008, Google.org joined a number of renewable energy initiatives, including:
Google.org began moving away from renewable energy initiatives between 2010–2013, as Google opted to bring its renewable energy work into formal product areas under the leadership of Larry Alder and Craig Barratt. A retrospective on leanings from this effort was published in IEEE Spectrum as What it Would Really Take to Reverse Climate Change.

</doc>
<doc id="7043629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043629" title="South Somerset District Council elections">
South Somerset District Council elections

South Somerset District Council in Somerset, England was elected every four years. Since 2019 the council is divided into 34 wards electing 60 councillors. The council was abolished on 1 April 2023, when it was replaced by Somerset Council, a unitary authority.
Political control.
Since the first election to the council in 1973 political control of the council has been held by the following parties:
Leadership.
The leaders of the council of the from 2006 until its abolition in 2023 were:

</doc>
<doc id="7043630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043630" title="Bruno Martini">
Bruno Martini

Bruno Ludovic Jean Roger Martini (25 January 1962 – 20 October 2020) was a French professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
His professional career was closely associated with Auxerre, for which he played 13 years. Having won more than 30 caps for France during nine years, Martini represented the nation in two UEFA European Championships.
Club career.
Born in Challuy, Nevers, Martini started playing professionally for AJ Auxerre. After a loan stint with AS Nancy he took the place of Paris Saint-Germain FC-bound Joël Bats, going on to appear in 322 Ligue 1 matches while also helping his team to a 1992–93 semi-final run in the UEFA Cup.
Martini left the club in the season prior to the 1995–96 conquest of the double, pushed to the sidelines by Lionel Charbonnier. He finished his career in 1999 at 37 after four seasons with Montpellier HSC, and returned to the latter side in 2015 as a goalkeeper coach.
International career.
Martini played 31 times for France and played at Euro 1992 (as a starter) and Euro 1996. Immediately after his retirement, he started serving as goalkeeping coach for "Les Bleus".
For his performance in the final of the 1988 UEFA European Under-21 Championship against Greece, Martini was awarded a 10/10 rating by newspaper "L'Équipe", becoming the first player to receive this rating.
Death.
Martini died on 20 October 2020 of heart failure in Montpellier, aged 58.
Honours.
France U21

</doc>
<doc id="7043631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043631" title="Generalized inverse">
Generalized inverse

In mathematics, and in particular, algebra, a generalized inverse (or, g-inverse) of an element "x" is an element "y" that has some properties of an inverse element but not necessarily all of them. The purpose of constructing a generalized inverse of a matrix is to obtain a matrix that can serve as an inverse in some sense for a wider class of matrices than invertible matrices. Generalized inverses can be defined in any mathematical structure that involves associative multiplication, that is, in a semigroup. This article describes generalized inverses of a matrix formula_1.
A matrix formula_2 is a generalized inverse of a matrix formula_3 if formula_4 A generalized inverse exists for an arbitrary matrix, and when a matrix has a regular inverse, this inverse is its unique generalized inverse.
Motivation.
Consider the linear system
where formula_1 is an formula_7 matrix and formula_8 the column space of formula_1. If formula_10 and formula_1 is nonsingular then formula_12 will be the solution of the system. Note that, if formula_1 is nonsingular, then
Now suppose formula_1 is rectangular (formula_16), or square and singular. Then we need a right candidate formula_17 of order formula_18 such that for all formula_8
That is, formula_21 is a solution of the linear system formula_5. 
Equivalently, we need a matrix formula_17 of order formula_24 such that
Hence we can define the generalized inverse as follows: Given an formula_7 matrix formula_1, an formula_18 matrix formula_17 is said to be a generalized inverse of formula_1 if formula_25 The matrix formula_32 has been termed a regular inverse of formula_1 by some authors.
Types.
Important types of generalized inverse include:
Some generalized inverses are defined and classified based on the Penrose conditions:
where formula_56 denotes conjugate transpose. If formula_57 satisfies the first condition, then it is a generalized inverse of formula_1. If it satisfies the first two conditions, then it is a reflexive generalized inverse of formula_1. If it satisfies all four conditions, then it is the pseudoinverse of formula_1, which is denoted by formula_61 and also known as the Moore–Penrose inverse, after the pioneering works by E. H. Moore and Roger Penrose. It is convenient to define an formula_62-inverse of formula_1 as an inverse that satisfies the subset formula_64 of the Penrose conditions listed above. Relations, such as formula_65, can be established between these different classes of formula_62-inverses.
When formula_1 is non-singular, any generalized inverse formula_68 and is therefore unique. For a singular formula_1, some generalised inverses, such as the Drazin inverse and the Moore–Penrose inverse, are unique, while others are not necessarily uniquely defined.
Examples.
Reflexive generalized inverse.
Let
Since formula_71, formula_72 is singular and has no regular inverse. However, formula_72 and formula_74 satisfy Penrose conditions (1) and (2), but not (3) or (4). Hence, formula_74 is a reflexive generalized inverse of formula_72.
One-sided inverse.
Let
Since formula_72 is not square, formula_72 has no regular inverse. However, formula_80 is a right inverse of formula_72. The matrix formula_72 has no left inverse.
Inverse of other semigroups (or rings).
The element "b" is a generalized inverse of an element "a" if and only if formula_83, in any semigroup (or ring, since the multiplication function in any ring is a semigroup).
The generalized inverses of the element 3 in the ring formula_84 are 3, 7, and 11, since in the ring formula_84:
The generalized inverses of the element 4 in the ring formula_84 are 1, 4, 7, and 10, since in the ring formula_84:
If an element "a" in a semigroup (or ring) has an inverse, the inverse must be the only generalized inverse of this element, like the elements 1, 5, 7, and 11 in the ring formula_84.
In the ring formula_84 any element is a generalized inverse of 0; however 2 has no generalized inverse, since there is no "b" in formula_84 such that formula_98.
Construction.
The following characterizations are easy to verify:
Uses.
Any generalized inverse can be used to determine whether a system of linear equations has any solutions, and if so to give all of them. If any solutions exist for the "n" × "m" linear system
with vector formula_128 of unknowns and vector formula_129 of constants, all solutions are given by
parametric on the arbitrary vector formula_131, where formula_57 is any generalized inverse of formula_1. Solutions exist if and only if formula_134 is a solution, that is, if and only if formula_135. If "A" has full column rank, the bracketed expression in this equation is the zero matrix and so the solution is unique.
Generalized inverses of matrices.
The generalized inverses of matrices can be characterized as follows. Let formula_3, and
formula_137
be its singular-value decomposition. Then for any generalized inverse formula_138, there exist matrices formula_139, formula_140, and formula_141 such that
formula_142
Conversely, any choice of formula_139, formula_140, and formula_141 for matrix of this form is a generalized inverse of formula_1. The formula_147-inverses are exactly those for which formula_148, the formula_149-inverses are exactly those for which formula_150, and the formula_151-inverses are exactly those for which formula_152. In particular, the pseudoinverse is given by formula_153:
formula_154
Transformation consistency properties.
In practical applications it is necessary to identify the class of matrix transformations that must be preserved by a generalized inverse. For example, the Moore–Penrose inverse, formula_155 satisfies the following definition of consistency with respect to transformations involving unitary matrices "U" and "V":
The Drazin inverse, formula_157 satisfies the following definition of consistency with respect to similarity transformations involving a nonsingular matrix "S":
The unit-consistent (UC) inverse, formula_159 satisfies the following definition of consistency with respect to transformations involving nonsingular diagonal matrices "D" and "E":
The fact that the Moore–Penrose inverse provides consistency with respect to rotations (which are orthonormal transformations) explains its widespread use in physics and other applications in which Euclidean distances must be preserved. The UC inverse, by contrast, is applicable when system behavior is expected to be invariant with respect to the choice of units on different state variables, e.g., miles versus kilometers.

</doc>
<doc id="7043632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043632" title="Vestigial response">
Vestigial response

A vestigial response or vestigial reflex in a species is a response that has lost its original function. In humans, vestigial responses include ear perking, goose bumps and the hypnic jerk.
In humans.
Ear perking.
It has been observed that some people have slight protrusions on the outer ear (also known as the auricle). These protrusions tend towards the top of the auricle. This has been tagged and coined Darwin's tubercle of the auricle. This phenomenon agrees with the accepted scientific explanation: the incidence of tubercles of the auricle among humans, are vestigial structures testifying to our evolutionary past. They are a throwback to the pointed ears of many mammals and just one more vestigial trace of human evolutionary history.
The focus on this part of the human anatomy has finally been followed by a much later observation testifying to our evolutionary past. The subsequent observation concerns an automatic ear-perking response seen, for example, in dogs when startled by a sudden noise. This response, though faint, fleeting and hardly discernible in humans nonetheless clearly manifests itself. This phenomenon is an automatic-response mechanism that activates even before a human becomes consciously aware that a startling, unexpected or unknown sound has been "heard".
That this vestigial response occurs even before becoming consciously aware of a startling noise would explain why the function of ear-perking had evolved in animals. The mechanism serves to give a split-second advantage to a startled animal – possibly an animal being stalked and hunted. The evolutionary advantage of the ear-perking response could spell the difference between life and death. The perking response serves to gather and focus that much more audible information that is fed into the brain and on its way to being analyzed even before the animal actually becomes aware of the sound. This fraction-of-a-second advantage would explain the evolutionary selection for this response.
Goose bumps.
The pilomotor reflex, more commonly known as goose bumps, was originally a reflex that assured the raising of fur for additional insulation against cold. When scared, this response also made the frightened animal seem bigger and a more formidable enemy.
Hypnic jerk.
The sudden startled arm-jerking response sometimes experienced when on the verge of sleeping is known as the hypnic jerk.
The evolutionary explanation for the existence of the hypnic jerk is unclear, but a possibility is that it is a vestigial reflex humans evolved when they usually slept in trees. Experiencing a hypnic jerk prior to falling asleep may have been selected so that the individual would be able to readjust their sleeping position in the tree with a branch-grabbing response to avoid falling, much like how orangutans grasp upper branches of trees while sleeping.

</doc>
<doc id="7043639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043639" title="Pansophism">
Pansophism

Pansophism, in older usage often pansophy, is a concept in the educational system of universal knowledge proposed by John Amos Comenius, a Czech educator. "[Comenius's] second great interest was in furthering the Baconian attempt at the organization of all human knowledge. He became one of the leaders in the encyclopædic or pansophic movement of the seventeenth century".
Pansophic principle.
The pansophic principle is one of the important principles of Comenius: that everything must be taught to everyone, or in his words "to all men and from all points of view" (Great Didactic), as a guiding basis for education. This continues the idea of universal education (Characteristica universalis).
"Pansophism" was a term used generally by Comenius to describe his pedagogical philosophy. His book "Pansophiae prodromus" (1639) was published in London with the cooperation of Samuel Hartlib. It was followed by "Pansophiae diatyposis". Pansophy in this sense has been defined as ‘full adult comprehension of the divine order of things’. He aimed to set up a Pansophic College, a precursor of later academic institutes He wrote his ideas for this in a tract "Via lucis", written 1641/2 in London; he had to leave because the English Civil War was breaking out, and this work was eventually printed in 1668, in Amsterdam.
The term was not original, having been applied by Bartolomeo Barbaro of Padua in his "De omni scibili libri quadraginta: seu Prodromus pansophiae", from the middle of the sixteenth century.
Pansophic Freemasonry.
A group within Freemasonry is called "Pansophic Freemasonry".

</doc>
<doc id="7043646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043646" title="Quantum game theory">
Quantum game theory

Quantum game theory is an extension of classical game theory to the quantum domain. It differs from classical game theory in three primary ways:
This theory is based on the physics of information much like quantum computing.
History.
In 1969, John Clauser, Michael Horne, Abner Shimony, and Richard Holt (often referred to collectively as "CHSH") wrote an often-cited paper describing experiments which could be used to prove Bell's theorem. In one part of this paper, they describe a game where a player could have a better chance of winning by using quantum strategies than would be possible classically. While game theory was not explicitly mentioned in this paper, it is an early outline of how quantum entanglement could be used to alter a game.
In 1999, a professor in the math department at the University of California at San Diego named David A. Meyer first published "Quantum Strategies" which details a quantum version of the classical game theory game, matching pennies. In the quantum version, players are allowed access to quantum signals through the phenomenon of quantum entanglement.
In the same year, Jens Eisert, Martin Wilkens and Maciej Lewenstein published work entitled "Quantum Games and Quantum Strategies" that explored the role of quantum strategies in canonical two-player games such as the prisoner's dilemma.
Since Meyer's paper on the one hand and the
Eisert-Wilkens-Lewenstein paper on the other, a large number of publications have been published exploring quantum games and the way that quantum strategies could be used in games that have been commonly studied in classical game theory.
Superposed initial states.
The information transfer that occurs during a game can be viewed as a physical process.
In the simplest case of a classical game between two players with two strategies each, both the players can use a bit (a '0' or a '1') to convey their choice of strategy. A popular example of such a game is the prisoners' dilemma, where each of the convicts can either "cooperate" or "defect": withholding knowledge or revealing that the other committed the crime. In the quantum version of the game, the bit is replaced by the qubit, which is a quantum superposition of two or more base states. In the case of a two-strategy game this can be physically implemented by the use of an entity like the electron which has a superposed spin state, with the base states being +1/2 (plus half) and −1/2 (minus half). Each of the spin states can be used to represent each of the two strategies available to the players. When a measurement is made on the electron, it collapses to one of the base states, thus conveying the strategy used by the player.
Entangled initial states.
The set of qubits which are initially provided to each of the players (to be used to convey their choice of strategy) may be entangled. For instance, an entangled pair of qubits implies that an operation performed on one of the qubits, affects the other qubit as well, thus altering the expected pay-offs of the game. A simple example of this is a quantum version of the Two-up coin game in which the coins are entangled.
Superposition of strategies to be used on initial states.
The job of a player in a game is to choose a strategy. In terms of bits this means that the player has to choose between 'flipping' the bit to its opposite state or leaving its current state untouched. When extended to the quantum domain this implies that the player can "rotate" the qubit to a new state, thus changing the probability amplitudes of each of the base states. Such operations on the qubits are required to be unitary transformations on the initial state of the qubit. This is different from the classical procedure which chooses the strategies with some statistical probabilities.
Multiplayer games.
Introducing quantum information into multiplayer games allows a new type of "equilibrium strategy" which is not found in traditional games. The entanglement of players' choices can have the effect of a "contract" by preventing players from profiting from other player's betrayal.
Quantum Prisoner's Dilemma
The classical Prisoner's Dilemma is a game played between two players with a choice to cooperate with or betray their opponent. Classically, the dominant strategy is to always choose betrayal. When both players choose this strategy every turn, they each ensure a suboptimal profit, but cannot lose, and the game is said to have reached a Nash equilibrium. Profit would be maximized for both players if each chose to cooperate every turn, but this is not the rational choice, thus a suboptimal solution is the dominant outcome. In the quantum Prisoner's Dilemma, both parties choosing to betray each other is still an equilibrium, however, there can also exist multiple Nash equilibriums that vary based on the entanglement of the initial states. In the case where the states are only slightly entangled, there exists a certain unitary operation for Alice so that if Bob chooses betrayal every turn, Alice will actually gain more profit than Bob and vice versa. Thus, a profitable equilibrium can be reached in 2 additional ways. The case where the initial state is most entangled shows the most change from the classical game. In this version of the game, Alice and Bob each have an operator Q that allows for a payout equal to mutual cooperation with no risk of betrayal. This is a Nash equilibrium that also happens to be Pareto optimal.
Additionally, the quantum version of the Prisoner's Dilemma differs greatly from the classical version when the game is of unknown or infinite length. Classically, the infinite Prisoner's Dilemma has no defined fixed strategy but in the quantum version it is possible to develop an equilibrium strategy.
Quantum Volunteer's Dilemma 
The Volunteer's Dilemma is a well-known game in game theory that models the conflict players face when deciding whether to volunteer for a collective benefit, knowing that volunteering incurs a personal cost. One significant volunteer’s dilemma variant was introduced by Weesie and Franzen in 1998, involves cost-sharing among volunteers. In this variant of the Volunteer's Dilemma, if there is no volunteer, all players receive a payoff of 0. If there is at least one volunteer, the reward of b units is distributed to all players. In contrast, the total cost of c units incurred by volunteering is divided equally among all the volunteers. It is shown that for classical mixed strategies setting, there is a unique symmetric Nash equilibrium and the Nash equilibrium is obtained by setting the probability of volunteering for each player to be the unique root in the open interval (0,1) of the degree-n polynomial formula_1 given by
formula_2
In 2024, a quantum variant of the classical volunteer’s dilemma is introduced with b=2 and c=1 is studied, generalizing the classical setting by allowing players to utilize quantum strategies. This is achieved by employing the Eisert–Wilkens–Lewenstein quantization framework. In this setting, the players received an entangled n-qubit state with each player controlling one qubit. The decision of each player can be viewed as determining two angles. Symmetric Nash equilibria that attain a payoff value of formula_3 for each player is shown and each player volunteers at this Nash Equilibrium. Furthermore, these Nash Equilibrium are Pareto optimal. It is shown that the payoff function of Nash equilibrium in the quantum setting is higher than the payoff of Nash equilibrium in the classical setting.
Quantum Card Game
A classically unfair card game can be played as follows: There are two players, Alice and Bob. Alice has three cards: one has a star on both sides, one has a diamond on both sides, and one has a star on one side and a diamond on the other side. Alice places the three cards in a box and shakes it up, then Bob draws a card so that both players can only see one side of the card. If the card has the same markings on both sides, Alice wins. But if the card has different markings on each side, Bob wins. Clearly, this is an unfair game, where Alice has a probability of winning of 2/3 and Bob has a probability of winning of 1/3. Alice gives Bob one chance to "operate" on the box and then allows him to withdraw from the game if he would like, but he can only classically obtain information on one card from this operation, so the game is still unfair.
However, Alice and Bob can play a version of this game adjusted to allow for quantum strategies. If we describe the state of a card with a diamond facing up as formula_4 and the state where the star is facing up as formula_5, after shaking the box up, we can describe the state of the face-up part of the cards as:
formula_6
where each formula_7 is either 0 or 1.
Now, Bob can take advantage of his ability to operate on the box by constructing a machine as follows: First, he has a unitary matrix defined as formula_8. This matrix is equal to formula_9 if formula_7 is 0 and formula_11 if formula_7 is 1. He then creates his machine by putting this matrix between two Hadamard gates, so his machine now looks as
formula_13
This machine operating on the state formula_4 gives
formula_15
So if Bob inputs formula_16 to his machine, he obtains
formula_17
and he knows the state (i.e. the mark facing up) of all three of the cards. From here, Bob can draw one card, and then choose to either withdraw, or keep playing the game. Based on the first card that he draws, he can know from his knowledge of the face-up values of the cards whether or not he has drawn a card that will give him even chances of winning going forward (in which case he can continue to play a fair game) or if he has drawn the card that will guarantee that he loses the game. In this way, he can make the game fair for himself.
This is an example of a game where a quantum strategy can make a game fair for one player when it would be unfair for them with classical strategies.
Quantum Chess
Quantum Chess was first developed by a graduate student at the University of Southern California named Chris Cantwell. His motivation to develop the game was to expose non-physicists to the world of quantum mechanics.
The game uses the same pieces as classical chess (8 pawns, 2 knights, 2 bishops, 2 rooks, 1 queen, 1 king) and is won in the same manner (by capturing the opponent's king). However, the pieces are allowed to obey laws of quantum mechanics such as superposition. By allowed the introduction of superposition, it becomes possible for pieces to occupy more than one square in an instance. The movement rules for each piece are the same as classical chess.
The biggest difference between quantum chess and classical chess is the check rule. Check is not included in quantum chess because it is possible for the king, as well as all other pieces, to occupy multiple spots on the grid at once. Another difference is the concept of movement to occupied space. Superposition also allows two pieces to share space or move through each other.
Capturing an opponent's piece is also slightly different in quantum chess than in classical chess. Quantum chess uses quantum measurement as a method of capturing. When attempting to capture an opponent's piece, a measurement is made to determine the probability of whether or not the space is occupied and if the path is blocked. If the probability is favorable, a move can be made to capture.
PQ Penny Flip Game
The PQ penny flip game involves two players: Captain Picard and Q. Q places a penny in a box, then they take turns (Q, then Picard, then Q) either flipping or not flipping the penny without revealing its state to either player. After these three moves have been made, Q wins if the penny is heads up, and Picard if the penny is face down.
The classical Nash equilibrium has both players taking a mixed strategy with each move having a 50% chance of either flipping or not flipping the penny, and Picard and Q will each win the game 50% of the time using classical strategies.
Allowing for Q to use quantum strategies, namely applying a Hadamard gate to the state of the penny places it into a superposition of face up and down, represented by the quantum state
formula_18
In this state, if Picard does not flip the gate, then the state remains unchanged, and flipping the penny puts it into the state
formula_19
Then, no matter Picard's move, Q can once again apply a Hadamard gate to the superposition which results in the penny being face up. In this way the quantization of Q's strategy guarantees a win against a player constrained by classical strategies.
This game is exemplary of how applying quantum strategies to classical games can shift an otherwise fair game in favor of the player using quantum strategies.
Quantum minimax theorems.
The concepts of a quantum player, a zero-sum quantum game and the associated expected payoff were defined by A. Boukas in 1999 (for finite games) and in 2020 by L. Accardi and A. Boukas (for infinite games) within the framework of the spectral theorem for self-adjoint operators on Hilbert spaces. Quantum versions of Von Neumann's minimax theorem were proved.
Paradoxes.
Quantum game theory also offers a solution to Newcomb's Paradox.
Take the two boxes offered in Newcomb's game to be coupled, as the contents of box 2 depend on if the ignorant player takes box 1. Quantum game theory enables a situation such that foreknowledge by otherwise omniscient player isn't required in order to achieve the situation. If the otherwise omniscient player operates on the state of the two boxes using a Hadamard gate, then sets up a device that operates on the state defined by the two boxes to operate again using a Hadamard gate after the ignorant player's choice. Then, no matter the pure or mixed strategy that the ignorant player uses, the ignorant player's choice will lead to its corresponding outcome as defined by the premise of the game. Because choosing a strategy for the game, then changing it to fool to otherwise omniscient player (corresponding to operating on the game state using a NOT gate) cannot give the ignorant player an additional advantage, as the two Hadamard operations ensure that the only two outcomes are those defined by the chosen strategy. In this way, the expected situation is achieved no matter the ignorant player's strategy without requiring a system knowledgeable about that player's future.

</doc>
<doc id="7043651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043651" title="Jeremy Bowen">
Jeremy Bowen

Jeremy Francis John Bowen (born 6 February 1960) is a Welsh journalist and television presenter.
Bowen was the BBC's Middle East correspondent based in Jerusalem between 1995 and 2000 and the BBC Middle East editor from 2005 to 2022, before being appointed the International Editor of BBC News in August 2022. 
Background.
Jeremy Francis John Bowen was born on 6 February 1960 in Cardiff. He was educated at De La Salle School, Rumney, Cardiff High School, University College London (BA History) and the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies at Johns Hopkins University in Washington, DC. His father Gareth reported on the 1966 Aberfan coal slurry disaster for the BBC, and became editor of news at BBC Radio Wales.
Career.
Bowen joined the BBC in 1984 and has been a war correspondent for much of his career, starting with El Salvador in 1989. He has reported from more than 70 countries, predominantly in the Middle East and the Balkans.
During the Gulf War he was an eyewitness to the bodies being removed from the Al Amiriyan air raid shelter in Baghdad, where hundreds of civilians had been killed. Bowen reported that the casualties were women, children and older men. There were no military uniforms. The Pentagon and the UK Ministry of Defence affirmed that it was a command centre. The "Daily Star" compared Bowen to Lord Haw Haw who had broadcast from Berlin during the Second World War. Bowen received a substantial sum for libel as a result.
He reported from Bosnia-Herzegovina during the Bosnian War there, and from Kosovo during the 1999 conflict, during which he was robbed at gunpoint by bandits.
Bowen has been under fire on assignment a number of times. In what he was later to describe as the pivotal moment of his life, his colleague and friend Abed Takkoush was killed on 23 May 2000 in Lebanon. This took place while Bowen was covering the Israel Defense Forces' (IDF) pullout from Lebanon: Bowen's car came under tank fire from the IDF and his "fixer" and driver was killed.
Bowen and his cameraman escaped, but Bowen suffered post traumatic stress disorder and retreated from the frontline, moving to work in the studio as a presenter, hosting the daily news and entertainment morning show "Breakfast" with Sophie Raworth between 2000 and 2002. He was also a guest host on the satirical panel game "Have I Got News for You", and presented the BBC's 2001 three-part series "Son of God", an investigation into the life of Jesus. In 2002 he presented "Moses", a similar documentary that chronicled the life of Moses.
Bowen declined the chance to cover the 2003 invasion of Iraq from Baghdad. Nonetheless, he returned to the field in March 2003 as a special correspondent, during which time he covered the death of Pope John Paul II.
He became the BBC's first Middle East Editor when the position was created in June 2005 after the 2004 Balen Report on the BBC's coverage of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict to provide a broader perspective on wider Middle East issues and to add context to the reporting of events on the ground.
In 2005, he published the book "Six Days: How the 1967 War Shaped the Middle East".
On 11 May 2008, Bowen and his camera operator again came under fire in Mount Lebanon. Nobody was injured and the incident was caught on camera.
In April 2009, the Editorial Standards Committee of the BBC Trust published a report on three complaints, including one by the Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America, brought against two news items involving Bowen. The complaints included 24 allegations of breaching BBC guidelines on accuracy and impartiality, of which three were fully or partially upheld. The BBC Trust's censure was based on articles about Har Homa in the 1960s, how the Six-Day War affected the Middle East and an article on the aftermath of that war. Although there was no finding of anti-Israel bias against Bowen, the BBC Trust said that he should have used clearer language and been more precise in some aspects of the piece.
The BBC Trust accepted that for a claim that was found to be lacking in accuracy that Bowen had been provided with the information by an authoritative source. A website article was amended and Bowen did not face any disciplinary measures. Bowen voiced opposition to the censure, calling it a result of a "campaign group" whom he called "the enemies of impartiality".
In February 2011, Bowen became the first British journalist to interview Muammar Gaddafi since the start of the 2011 Libyan civil war against him and the government. As the conflict progressed at least two of Bowen's notebooks were either lost or stolen. One of these notebooks was subsequently found in the remains of a military convoy, which the rebel force that attacked it said contained Gaddafi's son, Khamis. The notebook contained both Bowen's words and a number of notes in Arabic detailing military manoeuvres and a list of persons to be detained.
On 5 July 2013, Bowen was reporting for the BBC on the protests in Egypt regarding the former President Morsi when he was shot in the head with shotgun pellets. He escaped without major injury, and was taken away by his colleagues and bandaged up.
He was one of the few journalists inside Syria reporting on the civil war. In February 2015, he spoke with President Bashar al-Assad about the continuing Syrian conflict, during an exclusive BBC interview.
Since March 2022, Bowen has also reported from Ukraine during the Russo-Ukrainian War.
In October 2023, the BBC reported on the Gaza war, including a report on an explosion at Al-Ahli Hospital in Gaza City. Bowen was the editor responsible for overseeing this coverage, and has been criticised for the BBC's reporting on the incident for saying that an Israeli airstrike "flattened" the hospital. The cause of the explosion remains contested. In the days following the incident, Western intelligence agencies stated that the fire was most likely the result of a misfired rocket by Palestinian Islamic Jihad in a rocket attack on Israeli civilians. However, in its investigation on 20 October 2023, Forensic Architecture concluded that the blast was the result of a munition fired from the direction of Israel. The BBC apologized for its reporting, saying, "We accept that even in this fast-moving situation it was wrong to speculate in this way about the possible causes and we apologise for this, although [our correspondent] did not at any point report that it was an Israeli strike."
Personal life.
Bowen lives in Camberwell, South London, with his partner Julia Williams, also a BBC journalist. They have a son and a daughter.
He is a supporter of Cardiff City.
On 1 April 2019 Bowen announced that he had undergone treatment to remove a tumour in his bowel.

</doc>
<doc id="7043655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043655" title="Puzzle Pirates">
Puzzle Pirates

Puzzle Pirates (also known as Yohoho! Puzzle Pirates) is a massively multiplayer online game developed by Three Rings Design (Later owned by Grey Havens LLC). 
During the 7th Annual Interactive Achievement Awards, the Academy of Interactive Arts &amp; Sciences nominated "Puzzle Pirates" for "Massively Mutliplayer/Persistent World Game of the Year".
Gameplay.
The player takes the role of a pirate, adventuring on the high seas and pillaging money ("pieces of eight") from enemy ships (human or computer-controlled). The mechanics of the game are driven by puzzles.
Puzzle Pirates is open-ended and community-driven. Over time, pirates can join a crew, progress in rank within that crew, buy and run sailing vessels and shoppes, and become captain of a crew, royalty within an alliance of crews, or governor of an island. Players are able to help expand the game, with puzzles, in-game objects, and artwork.
History.
As of December 2008, there were 4 million users registered to the game.
On August 31, 2011, the game was made free-to-play on Steam. Support for an iPad platform was developed and released in 2013. Three Rings later announced the removal of the iPad application and ceased support of the platform in July 2014.
On April 5, 2016, Three Rings Design announced that support for the game would shift from them to Grey Havens, a company consisting of former Three Rings employees.

</doc>
<doc id="7043660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043660" title="2006 Transnistrian independence referendum">
2006 Transnistrian independence referendum

A double referendum was held in Transnistria on 17 September 2006. Voters were asked whether they approved of the possibility of renouncing independence and integration with Moldova, or alternatively independence and a possible future integration into the Russian Federation.
The results of the referendum were not recognized internationally.
Background.
Pro-Moldovan organisations announced before the referendum that they would not recognise its results. Ballots for the referendum were reprinted three times, as the chairman of electoral commission, Piotr Denisenko, announced a shrinkage of electorate of 7% compared with the previous year.
Results.
Independence and potential future integration into Russia.
Of the total of 394,861 registered voters, the voter turnout was 78.6%, substantially more than the 50%+1 required by law to validate the referendum.
On the day of the referendum, no exit polling was allowed within 25 meters of polling stations, to prevent disruption of voting.
Reactions.
International organisations, such as the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, European Union, GUAM, and some other countries (Ukraine, Romania, Bulgaria, Turkey, Serbia, Macedonia, Croatia, Montenegro, Bosnia, Albania, Norway, Iceland) did not recognise the referendum.
The representative of the Congress of Russian Communities from Moldova declared that the referendum was held according to international standards. However, no internationally recognised monitoring organisations had observers present.
Viktor Alksnis, a deputy from the Russian party "Rodina" stated that referendum in Transnistria was held without any violations of legislation and democratic standards.
Viktor Alksnis is known to have previously described the Transnistrian Republic as the base from which the Soviet Union's restoration would begin.
In the opinion of the Ukrainian foreign ministry, the situation in Transnistria failed to meet the conditions of a free will expression by citizens.
According to the OSCE, the media climate in the Transdniestrian region is restrictive, as authorities there continue a long-standing campaign to silence independent opposition voices and movements.
Although the OSCE decided not to send any observers to monitor the referendum, 130 observers from CIS and Europe and from eleven election monitoring organizations who did attend the referendum had different reactions.
In contrast, the Helsinki Committee for Human Rights in Moldova (HCHRM) claims to have observed a series of infringements at the referendum:
Karel De Gucht (Chairman of the OSCE) expressed an opinion about the "lack of basic requirements for free and fair elections, such as freedom of the media, freedom of assembly and political pluralism, in the region pre-determined the results" and argued that the questions in the referendum are suggestively worded. In a possible manipulation of the public opinion, people are asked to choose between "freedom" ("free association") and "loss of independence" ("renounce the Transnistria's independent status"), between "reality" ("support the course") and "possibility" ("consider it possible") This formulation could have resulted in a response bias.
Victor Josu, deputy editor-in-chief of Russian-language Moldovan newspaper "Moldavskiye Vedomosti", an accredited observer, described the referendum as a successful public relations action (regardless of violations and a lack of recognition) and reported favorably on a comparison between "recognized Chişinau" and "unrecognized Tiraspol" in an article which emphasized the openness, transparency and glasnost of the referendum process.
Sergei Bagapsh, president of Abkhazia (Abkhazia claims independence from Georgia, but has a disputed status), has said his republic "supports the aspirations of Transniestria toward independence and its choice of unification with Russia."
According to the results of a telephone survey on the morning of September 18, 63% of the listeners (782 people) of the Ekho Moskvy radio station were in favor of accepting Transnistria into Russia, while 37% (466 people) were against.

</doc>
<doc id="7043672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043672" title="Uggs-N-Rugs">
Uggs-N-Rugs

Uggs-N-Rugs is a small business in Perth, Western Australia, manufacturing and retailing ugg boots. In 2006 Uggs-N-Rugs successfully challenged the registration of "ugg/ug/ugh" as a trade mark in Australia and continues to challenge the trademark registration through the Australian Sheepskin Association.
History.
Uggs-N-Rugs was formed in the late 1970s by Bruce and Bronwyn McDougall, who had recently finished farming in Quindanning. Initially, the company purchased pre-made ugg boots for retail. The McDougalls deemed the quality to be substandard, so they began to manufacture the boots themselves.
Ugg boot trademarks.
The McDougalls and Uggs-N-Ruggs have been featured in Australian media reports from 2005-2006 due to their tussle with Deckers Outdoor Corporation and their registered trademarks. In early 2006 Uggs-N-Rugs was successful in having the Australian trademarks for ug, ugh and ugg removed from the register for non-use. IP Australia (the Australian trade marks office) declared that the words are interchangeable and used generically to describe sheepskin boots. As part of their action the McDougalls provided volumes of evidence showing the term (and its derivatives) being used in a generic sense. In addition, they showed that Deckers Outdoor Corporation failed to use their trademark properly and consistently. This battle was portrayed in the documentary, "The Good, The Bad and The Ugg Boot" which showed the action set an important precedent in trademark law. After the action was finalised, IP Australia published a clarification on their rulings highlighting the need for more due diligence to be performed by both the registering party and International Intellectual Property registrars before registering a trademark.

</doc>
<doc id="7043693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043693" title="Dennis Davis">
Dennis Davis

Dennis Davis (August 28, 1951 – April 6, 2016) was an American drummer and session musician best known for his work with David Bowie, playing on ten albums—including seven successive studio albums—during the singer's classic mid- and late- seventies period, and on many hit singles, starting with "Fame" (1975).
Early life and military service.
Davis was born and raised in Manhattan, New York City, and studied with drummers Max Roach and Elvin Jones before joining the Clark Terry Big Band in 1967. He joined the U.S. Navy and served on the USS Rowan (DD-782) from 1969 to 1970 during the Vietnam War. He was discharged from the U.S Navy in 1970 in San Diego, California. He was wounded during his military service, but was able to hone his skills when he performed as part of the US Navy's Drum and Bugle Corps.
Career.
Davis met guitarist Carlos Alomar when they were both playing with Roy Ayers. Davis was hired by David Bowie in 1974 for two tracks on "Young Americans". Alomar, Davis and George Murray formed the "D.A.M. Trio" rhythm section which performed on seven successive albums released by Bowie in the 1970s, all of which are regarded as amongst the artist's best. Davis also played on three live albums recorded during that period, two of which were released after Bowie's death. The snare sound used on Bowie's "Low" album is considered influential on many later records. It was the result of early pitch shifting technology coupled with Davis's sensitive touch as a performer. In the late seventies Davis also teamed up with Stevie Wonder and worked on four albums over the following decade. In the early 2000s, he played percussion on David Bowie's live tours, including the artist's last, A Reality Tour, in 2003. The drummer for that band was Sterling Campbell, who was previously a student of Davis.
Death, tributes and sons.
Davis died on April 6, 2016, of cancer. His youngest son, Hikaru Davis, made a series of interview videos from 2016 to 2019 speaking with musicians who knew his father. When interviewed, Tony Visconti played Davis' drum and "thunderous" conga tracks from "Look Back in Anger", periodically exclaiming "great!", "amazing!", "that's killer!", and noting that Davis "plays so many things at once... and yet it doesn't sound busy". The accompanying review says that Davis is "that most perfect of drummers too: endlessly inventive, yet never gets in the way of the funk." T-Bone Motta, an older son, has been the drummer for Public Enemy since 2012.
Selective discography.
With Roy Ayers
With George Benson
With David Bowie
With Zachary Breaux
With Ronnie Foster
With Jermaine Jackson
With Garland Jeffreys
With Iggy Pop
With Smokey Robinson
With Stevie Wonder

</doc>
<doc id="7043696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043696" title="AFL umpires">
AFL umpires



</doc>
<doc id="7043698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043698" title="I 2 (EYE)">
I 2 (EYE)

i 2 (EYE) is Michael W. Smith's fifth album overall and his second album to be certified gold. Smith collaborated again with lyricist Wayne Kirkpatrick, and produced music videos for the songs "Secret Ambition" and "I Miss the Way." The album peaked at No. 1 on the Top Contemporary Christian charts.
Track listing.
All songs written by Michael W. Smith and Wayne Kirkpatrick except where noted.
Personnel.
Musicians
Production

</doc>
<doc id="7043713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043713" title="Benny Bailey">
Benny Bailey

Ernest Harold "Benny" Bailey (August 13, 1925 – April 14, 2005) was an American jazz trumpeter.
Biography.
A native of Cleveland, Ohio, Bailey briefly studied flute and piano before turning to trumpet. He attended the Cleveland Conservatory of Music. He was influenced by Cleveland native Tadd Dameron and had a significant influence on other Cleveland musicians, such as Albert Ayler, Bob Cunningham, Bobby Few, Bill Hardman, and Frank Wright. Bailey played with Tony Lovano, father of Joe Lovano.
In the early 1940s he worked with Bull Moose Jackson and Scatman Crothers. He later worked with Dizzy Gillespie and toured with Lionel Hampton. During a European tour with Hampton he remained in Europe and spent time in Sweden, where he worked with Harry Arnold's big band. He preferred big bands over small groups, and he became associated with several big bands in Europe, including the Kenny Clarke/Francy Boland Big Band. His time with Quincy Jones led to a brief return to the United States in 1960. He was invited to the studio as part of Freddie Redd's sextet to record "Redd's Blues" after meeting the pianist during a tour in Sweden, and played at the 1960 Newport Jazz Festival. He returned to Europe, first to Germany, then the Netherlands, where he settled permanently.
In 1969 he played on Eddie Harris and Les McCann's album "Swiss Movement", recorded live at the Montreux Jazz Festival, although it was not his usual style of music. In 1988 he worked with British clarinetist Tony Coe and recorded albums until 2000 when he was in his mid-70s.
Bailey died at home in Amsterdam on April 14, 2005.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Count Basie
With Berlin Contemporary Jazz Orchestra
With the Kenny Clarke/Francy Boland Big Band
With Eric Dolphy
With Stan Getz
With Benny Golson
With Dexter Gordon
With Quincy Jones
With Billy Mitchell
With Les McCann &amp; Eddie Harris
With Freddie Redd
With Charlie Rouse
With Sahib Shihab
With Randy Weston
With Jimmy Witherspoon
With Phil Woods

</doc>
<doc id="7043721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043721" title="Fiona Simpson">
Fiona Simpson

Fiona Stuart Simpson (born 18 April 1965 in Sea Lake, Victoria) is an Australian politician serving as Liberal National Party (LNP) member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, representing Maroochydore since 1992. Simpson served as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 2012 to 2015 and further served as the Deputy Leader of the Queensland National Party and Deputy Leader of the Opposition from 2006 to 2008. Simpson is currently Minister for Women and Minister for Women's Economic Security
Minister for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Partnerships and Multiculturalism.
Education.
Simpson holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Japanese, Journalism and Government and a Masters of Organisational Leadership. She also has completed the Australian Institute of Company Directors Diploma and an executive leadership course at John F Kennedy School of Government, Harvard. She was a Rotary Exchange Student to Japan, and prior to that attended Nambour State High School.
Pre-Parliamentary career.
Simpson was a journalist prior to entering Parliament, winning the Dalgety Excellence in Rural Journalism Award in 1989, for the State of Queensland.
Political career.
Fiona Simpson is the longest-serving woman in the LNP party room and following the 2015 election, one of the longest-serving Members of Parliament. When she won the newly created Sunshine Coast seat of Maroochydore in 1992, she was the youngest woman ever to be elected to Legislative Assembly.
Simpson has had shadow ministerial responsibility for Health, Transport, Main Roads, Tourism, Women, Communities, Housing and Waste Watch, in addition to having been elected Deputy Leader of the Queensland National Party (and therefore Deputy Leader of the Opposition) on 18 September 2006. While Deputy Leader, Simpson was a key player in the merger with the Queensland Liberal Party, which created the Liberal National Party of Queensland. She voluntarily stepped aside as Deputy Opposition Leader in favour of Liberal Party Leader Mark McArdle to help facilitate the merger.
Following the LNP's win at the 2012 election, Premier Campbell Newman announced she would be nominated for Speaker. She was elected the body's first female speaker on 15 May 2012.
The end of Simpson's tenure as Speaker was signaled with the LNP's defeat at the 2015 Queensland state election. She unsuccessfully contested the LNP leadership and was subsequently appointed as Shadow Minister for Local Government, Main Roads, Community Recovery and Resilience.
Fiona is currently the Shadow Minister for Intergity in Government, State Development, Infrastructure and Planning.
Speakership.
Simpson was the first female Speaker of the Queensland Parliament's 150-year existence. Simpson had previously spoken of the need to be proactive in encouraging women to stand for Parliament and other positions of leadership. Following her appointment, Simpson continued to encourage women to consider leadership. As Speaker, Simpson initiated the Queensland Inspiring Women Awards, for Members of Parliament to nominate women in their electorate and these awards had bipartisan support.
As Speaker, Simpson formally entered into a Parliamentary Partnership Agreement on 25 September 2013 between the Queensland Parliament and the National Parliament of Papua New Guinea to promote shared understanding and stronger Parliaments. This partnership was in addition to the Parliamentary Twinning relationship with the Parliament of Vanuatu.
Past Controversy.
During a parliamentary debate in 2002 on changes to anti-discrimination laws that would prevent faith-based schools from discriminating against teachers not of their faith, including gay and lesbian teachers, Simpson referred to acquaintances who are 'former' homosexuals. Simpson also said that she had previously interviewed Sy Rogers, Sy Rogers a leader in ministering to 'former' homosexuals within the controversial ex-gay movement, specifically from Exodus International. In her speech to Parliament, Simpson contrasted what she called "some very genuinely held beliefs" that homosexuality is an unchangeable, born trait with those who believe that homosexuality is a "lifestyle choice", such that homosexuals may choose to "grow into heterosexuality over time".
Media attention was brought to these comments in 2011, and despite the comments drawing criticism from Karen Struthers, mental health psychologist Paul Martin and the gay community, neither Simpson nor the LNP have responded to questions to clarify her personal beliefs on the subject of the ex-gay movement. Fiona Simpson deleted her Facebook page following the controversy after it was inundated with criticism over her support of Exodus.
Contacted in 2015 about the 2002 comments, Simpson provided clarifying remarks, saying "I understand that there are people who have been hurt by (these comments and) their reporting and that deeply saddens me. When I made those comments in 2002 I was sharing a friend’s personal story. I believe equally that every person has the right to have their story heard and that every person is valuable and deserving of respect. I appreciate that different people will have different stories and our community is more welcoming when we listen more carefully and speak more compassionately".

</doc>
<doc id="7043723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043723" title="Physical Oceanography">
Physical Oceanography



</doc>
<doc id="7043732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043732" title="Dunedin Double (EP)">
Dunedin Double (EP)

The Dunedin Double EP is a 1982 compilation EP by The Chills, Sneaky Feelings, The Stones, and The Verlaines, released on the Christchurch label Flying Nun. An unusual format, it contain two 45rpm 12" discs. At nearly 50 minutes length, it was longer than many compilations of the time period. The EP's release publicised Flying Nun as a major alternative record label for the first time. It has become regarded as one of the earliest seminal works of the Dunedin sound, which heavily influenced the development of indie rock. 
"Dunedin Double" established the names of four of these groups, each of which was represented on the double EP by one side. The Chills' song 'Kaleidoscope World' in particular became very popular, gaining considerable airplay for the band. It later provided the title for the band's first album, a compilation of their early singles and EP tracks.
Background and recording.
The EP was conceived by Flying Nun founder Roger Shepherd in early 1982, alongside friend and musician Chris Knox of Toy Love. After seeing the Chills, led by lead singer Martin Phillipps, and the Verlaines perform at the Gladstone Hotel in Durham Street, Central Christchurch, Shepherd wanted to compile an album of Dunedin's up-and-coming bands, in the vein of Factory Records and their founder Tony Wilson. Shepherd, however, did not want to release a 7" single, as he felt there was an overabundance of 7" singles on the New Zealand music market at the time, pushing the value down. He asked The Stones to play shortly after; after being recommended by David Kilgour of The Clean, Shepherd picked Sneaky Feelings as the fourth band. Meanwhile, Chris Knox became actively involved on the album after leaving Christchurch for Auckland; he had initially desired to move to Australia but had stubbornly changed his mind. On a contemporary Flying Nun poster Knox had drawn, he had encouraged listeners to "discover REAL GOOD New Zealand (NO, repeat, NO relation to Australia – diametrically opposed, in fact) music".
Recording lasted from 1 to 18 March 1982 in Christchurch, with all four bands booking various gigs to cover their costs. Paul Kean, formerly of Toy Love, allowed the groups to record in his parents' spacious home in Longfellow Street; recording also unfolded in the kitchen of Flying Nun associate Jane Walker, and the bedrooms of local musicians Rex Vizables and Alec Bathgate. Contrary to popular belief, technician Doug Hood was the primary producer, not Chris Knox. Shepherd would later describe Knox's role as "[pointing] out any mistakes or potential improvements with the actual playing: tuning, timing and the like, as well as act as cheerleader, keeping everything going and to schedule", as opposed to monitoring the admittedly rudimentary recording equipment.
Released in June 1982, the compilation was a sign of the success to come for the newly formed Flying Nun Records label (catalogue number DUN-1), which over the course of the next ten years was to become the biggest independent record label in the South Island. Many of the label's top groups came from Dunedin, and established that southern city's music scene as the leading source of guitar-based bands in New Zealand throughout much of the decade. The bands from the city which had music released on Flying Nun were grouped under the loose banner of Dunedin sound, and several of them went on to not only national but also international success.
Though the sound quality of the " Dunedin Double" EP was distinctly lo-fi (it was recorded on portable 4-track by Chris Knox and Doug Hood), the release of this record provided a major impetus both for Flying Nun records and for the four bands involved, as well as providing inspiration and momentum to the music scene in Dunedin.

</doc>
<doc id="7043735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043735" title="Nur Ali Elahi">
Nur Ali Elahi

Nur Ali Elahi (or Ostad Elahi var. Nūr 'Alī Ilāhī, Nour Ali Elahi, ) (September 11, 1895 – October 19, 1974) was an Iranian philosopher, judge and musician of Kurdish descent whose work investigated the metaphysical dimension of human beings.
Early life.
Elahi was born in Jeyhunabad, a small Kurdish village near the eponymous capital of Kermanshah province. His father, Hajj Nematollah (1871–1920), was a mystic and poet who was a leader of the Ahl-e Haqq and revered as a saint. From early childhood, he led an ascetic, secluded life of rigorous discipline under his father's supervision with a special focus on mysticism, music, and ethics. In addition to religious and moral instruction, he received the classical education of the time. During study and contemplation in his youth, he established the basis of his philosophical and spiritual reflections.
By the time his father died in 1919, Elahi had concluded that the time for classical spirituality had come to an end, and that the quest for spiritual development could no longer take place in the tranquility of ascetic seclusion. Instead, he believed that spirituality had to be practiced within the context of an active and productive life in the midst of society. Thus, at the age of twenty-four he left behind a contemplative life to test his ethical principles in society. Eventually settling in the capital city of Tehran, he cut his long hair and beard, replaced his traditional robes with a Western-style suit, and entered the civil service.
Judicial career.
A few years later, as the country was undergoing extensive governmental reforms that included the establishment of an entirely new judicial system, Elahi enrolled in the newly formed National School of Jurisprudence. He finished a three-year curriculum in six months, and graduated with distinction in 1934.
Elahi then began a 23-year legal career, with his first assignment as Justice of the Peace in Larestan County, Fars province, and culminating in his appointment as Chief Justice of the Court of Appeals and the High Court of Criminal Appeals of Mazandaran province. He was highly regarded both for the precision with which he observed rights and duties, and for the importance he placed on the rule of law and women's rights. Elahi retired in 1957 at the age of 62 and settled in Tehran.
Throughout his legal career, Elahi devoted time to personal studies and research, especially in philosophy and theology. This period of metaphysical investigation helped him to formulate his later works.
Philosophy.
Elahi's philosophy addresses questions about the origin and nature of human beings, their role and responsibilities in the world, and their ultimate destination. His work highlights the idea of the duality of man as both a material and spiritual being, and reasserts the importance of their metaphysical dimension. He believed that self-realization requires more than mere reflection, and that spirituality, like any science, must necessarily be grounded in verifiable experiences. Elahi's written and oral teachings are thus the direct result of his personal experiences, rather than philosophical reflections.
Writings.
Elahi began to gradually reveal his system of thought after his retirement from the judiciary in 1957. During this time he wrote and published two scholarly works in the fields of religious science and authentic spirituality, as well as an extensive commentary on his father's writings. The practical aspect of his thought, on the other hand, was conveyed mostly in the form of oral teachings and instruction to close friends and acquaintances who sought his advice and guidance. Two volumes of his sayings have been published to date on the basis of notes transcribed by these individuals. He also authored several manuscripts that remain unpublished, including "Unveiling of the Truths" ("Kashf al-Haqa'iq"), which describes the genesis of the universe and the role of human beings.
In 1963 Elahi published his first book, ""Demonstration of the Truth" (Borhan ol-Haqq)," a theological work which presented for the first time an authoritative historical account of the Ahl-e Haqq, including its development, fundamental principles, and sacred rites, which until then had been kept secret. The book also addressed the esoteric aims shared in common by the Qur'an, Islam, and the Ahl-e Haqq.
In 1966 he published his second work, ""Commentary on the Book of the Kings of Truth" (Hashieh bar Haqq ol-Haqayeq)," a commentary on his father's epic poem that expounded upon the determination of places and dates, the historical accuracy of certain events cited therein, and the concept of "divine manifestation".
His third and final published work, a philosophical treatise titled ""Knowing the Spirit" (Marefat ol-Ruh)," was published in 1969 and describes his ideas on the existence and immortality of the soul, and on the soul's gradual process of maturation and perfection.
Music.
For Elahi, music was primarily a means of engaging in contemplation and prayer. He never performed in public and did not make any recordings of his music in a professional setting.
Elahi's music is rooted in a tradition involving the rhythmic recital and invocation of sacred texts in devotional gatherings, accompanied by various instruments such as the tanbur (an ancient lute), the ney (reed flute) and the daf (frame drum).
Elahi began playing the tanbur at the age of six and was recognized as a master of the tanbur by the age of nine. He would eventually revive this ancient art, composing over 100 original pieces that he used as the basis for his improvisations. His musical ornamentations and complex playing technique, which for the first time involved the use of all five fingers of both hands, as well as his physical modifications to the instrument itself – namely, the doubling of the higher string so as to dramatically increase its expressiveness – earned him a reputation as an innovator of this art form and a master of the tanbur.
Since the commemoration of his centennial in 1995, eleven CDs of his music have been released. The bulk of the original recordings were made on basic mono tape recording equipment during the 1960s and '70's in the context of informal gatherings with family and friends. These tapes have since been digitally remastered and restored.
One of the characteristic aspects of Elahi's music was the use of improvisation, in which he would weave together pieces of diverse tempo and rhythm while maintaining a coherent whole. One such piece, "Improvisations in Baba Jalili in the fourth followed by the Suite Zang-e Shotori in the second", found on the CD "Destinations" (Le Chant du Monde, 2008) exemplifies this aspect. Here, Elahi shifts back and forth between several different melodies and mixes the rhythm of one melody into that of another.
Elahi's tanbur playing was also known for its use of complex ornamentations and the density of the notes, with up to 12 notes being played per second at times. These features are apparent in "Suite Sahari" from the CD "The Celestial Music of Ostad Elahi" (Le Chant du Monde, 2004), a melody which was played at dawn to awaken dervishes for prayer.
Elahi personally taught the entirety of his repertoire for the tanbur to his youngest son, Dr. Chahrokh Elahi, who has recorded all of it on video, demonstrating Elahi's style and technique.
Legacy.
During the latter part of his life, Elahi was surrounded by individuals with diverse backgrounds and interests: atheists who came for a debate, musicians who sought advice on some technical point, scholars who wished to broaden the scope of his research, villagers or seekers who sought spiritual guidance. He welcomed them all and took the time to address each of their concerns.
Elahi was married and had three sons (Amin, Bahram, and Chahrokh), and three daughters (Fatemeh "Fati" Nemati, Farkhondeh, and Gita).
Elahi died on October 19, 1974, at the age of seventy-nine in Iran. A memorial was erected in his memory in Hashtgerd, a rural town located on the outskirts of Tehran.
After his death in 1974, his philosophy and teachings were continued by his son, Prof. Bahram Elahi (born 1931), a former pediatric surgeon and medical school dean who has written several books analyzing and elaborating upon this line of thinking.
History of the title "Ostad Elahi".
Born with the name "Fatollah", Nur Ali's childhood nickname was "Kuchek Ali". At the age of eleven, he went through a spiritual transformation during an ascetic retreat with his father, who subsequently changed the child's name to "Sayyed Nur Ali". In 1941, while working as an attorney general in Khorammabad, Nur Ali legally changed his family name to "Elahi".
Following his death, his sister Malak Jân Nemati (Also known as Malak Jân, Sheikh Jâni and Jâni Jân) assumed responsibility for continuing his legacy. In accordance with the custom of referring to elders with deference, Malak Jân referred to her brother with the title "Hazrat Ostad" for the next twenty years as she continued explaining his teachings.
When the Organizing Committee for the commemoration of his centennial planned the 1995 commemoration events in Paris, London, New York, Los Angeles, and Tehran, they had to translate the title "Hazrat-e Ostad" into Western languages. However, the literal translation of this title in English conflicted with Elahi's reputation for humility (for example, His Highness or Majesty Master Nur Ali Elahi). With the permission of his family, the Committee settled on the title "Ostad Elahi" to retain the respect intended by his sister, and to convey that he was a master musician. As a result, most books and articles written about him since 1995 have used the title "Ostad Elahi".
Centennial commemoration.
Elahi spent the greater part of his life and work in the pursuit of self-knowledge and mysticism. In 1995, to celebrate the centennial of his birth, symposia were convened at universities in Paris, London, Los Angeles, and New York, where authorities in science, jurisprudence, literature, and music gathered to reflect on the theme of "Spirituality: Plurality and Unity". Lectures and roundtables were presented on a variety of topics, including the unity of religions, ethics and jurisprudence, science and spirituality, and the relevance of contemporary mysticism.
Under the patronage of UNESCO and the French Ministry of Culture, and in collaboration with the Academy of Paris, a two-month exhibition was concurrently organized on "The Life and Work of Ostad Elahi" at the in Paris from September 6 to October 31, 1995. The exhibition was divided into three sections that traced the chronology of his life: Dawn (1895–1920), Rising Sun (1920–1957), and Full Sun (1957–1974). Each of these periods was illustrated by a set of texts, photographs, autobiographical anecdotes, and personal objects which aimed to allow visitors to become acquainted with Elahi and the different periods of his life.
The exhibition also featured a music chamber filled with the sounds of melodies composed and played by Elahi. This music, previously reserved for devotional settings, was played publicly for the first time on this occasion. A collection of traditional instruments belonging to Elahi and his father, including tanburs, setars, and dafs, were also on display in the chamber.
Recent exhibitions.
From August 5, 2014, through January 11, 2015, an exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, entitled "The Sacred Lute: The Art of Ostad Elahi", presented under the patronage of UNESCO, explores the parallel between his playing of the tanbur and his approach to the quest for truth and self-knowledge.

</doc>
<doc id="7043738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043738" title="WBZL">
WBZL

WBZL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7043742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043742" title="Captain William Redmond">
Captain William Redmond



</doc>
<doc id="7043745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043745" title="David Lane">
David Lane

David Lane may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7043765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043765" title="S.T. Joshi">
S.T. Joshi



</doc>
<doc id="7043779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043779" title="Canon Doctor Terry Slater">
Canon Doctor Terry Slater



</doc>
<doc id="7043786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043786" title="Gordan Slater">
Gordan Slater



</doc>
<doc id="7043801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043801" title="Russian-Japanese war">
Russian-Japanese war



</doc>
<doc id="7043804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043804" title="Joseph H. Lumpkin">
Joseph H. Lumpkin



</doc>
<doc id="7043807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043807" title="Scott County Home">
Scott County Home

The Scott County Home is a historic county home located one mile south of Scottsburg, Scott County, Indiana. The original County Home was built in 1872 to replace the previous County Home located in Lexington, Indiana. Also known as the "Poor Farm", the County Home was originally a frame house, but was replaced with the current brick structure in 1892. The County Home was used to house the poor, indigent and physically and mentally handicapped. In 1973 the Home was no longer in use, though various agencies maintained offices there. Vacated by Scott County in 1997 when the Scott County Courthouse addition and renovation was completed, the property was given to Preservation Alliance, Inc. for the purpose of establishing a county museum. In 2001 it became the Scott County Heritage Center and Museum. Today the Museum hosts local exhibits related to Scott County history, such as the Pigeon Roost Massacre, General John Hunt Morgan's Raid, and the Marshfield train robbery by the Reno Brothers.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="7043810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043810" title="Haya Rashed al Khalifa">
Haya Rashed al Khalifa



</doc>
<doc id="7043812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043812" title="The Lottery (film)">
The Lottery (film)



</doc>
<doc id="7043815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043815" title="The Way (Escrivá book)">
The Way (Escrivá book)

The Way () is a book about spirituality composed by Josemaría Escrivá, the initiator of the Roman Catholic religious organization Opus Dei. The book was published first during 1934 with the name Consideraciones espirituales. It received its present title during 1939. More than four and a half million copies have been sold, in 43 languages.
According to Escrivá his motivation was: "The 999 points which make up "The Way" were written with yearnings to see 'Christ, the Light of the World.' Anyone who reads it with the same yearnings will not have opened this book in vain."
"The Way" was composed based on notes Escrivá made based on his thoughts about the gospel and its application to specific situations occurring during his personal pastoral experience. Many of the sections are counsels he actually gave to persons in spiritual direction. Some are letters he wrote and received. Thus it has a conversational style. As a reviewer in the Vatican newspaper "Osservatore Romano" (March 24, 1950) stated: "Msgr. Escrivá de Balaguer has written something more than a masterpiece; he has written straight from the heart, and straight to the heart go the short paragraphs which make up "The Way"." The writer on the Spanish Catholic world, Frances Lannon, has described it as "a bizarre amalgam of traditional piety, penitential discipline, and crude popular moralizing; it aims at a fusion of devotion with efficiency, inward humility with the exercise of leadership and power. Its readers are exhorted to childlike simplicity, to silence and discretion, and to orderliness; they are encouraged to pray to guardian angels and to the souls in purgatory, and to bless themselves every day with holy water. But they are also urged to acquire professional competence, to stand out from the crowd, to lead and to dominate."

</doc>
<doc id="7043822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043822" title="Endmember">
Endmember

An endmember (also end-member or end member) in mineralogy is a mineral that is at the extreme end of a mineral series in terms of purity of its chemical composition. Minerals often can be described as solid solutions with varying compositions of some chemical elements, rather than as substances with an exact chemical formula. There may be two or more endmembers in a group or series of minerals. 
For example, forsterite () and fayalite () are the two end-members of the olivine solid-solution series, varying in and in their chemical composition. So, the chemical formula of olivine can be better expressed as or .
As another example, the tectosilicate feldspar can be described as a solid solution of the endmembers K-feldspar (), albite () and anorthite (). A specific feldspar can have varying quantities of potassium (K), sodium (Na) and calcium (Ca).

</doc>
<doc id="7043824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043824" title="Billy Kyle">
Billy Kyle

William Osborne Kyle (July 14, 1914 – February 23, 1966) was an American jazz pianist. He is perhaps best known as an accompanist.
Biography.
Kyle was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. He began playing the piano in school and by the early 1930s worked with Lucky Millinder, Tiny Bradshaw and later the Mills Blue Rhythm Band. In 1938, he joined John Kirby's sextet, but was drafted in 1942. After the war, he worked with Kirby's band briefly and also worked with Sy Oliver. He then spent thirteen years as a member of Louis Armstrong's All-Stars, and performed in the 1956 musical "High Society".
A fluent pianist with a light touch, Kyle always worked steadily. He died in Youngstown, Ohio.
Kyle had few opportunities to record as a leader and none during his Armstrong years, some octet and septet sides in 1937, two songs with a quartet in 1939, and outings in 1946 with a trio and an octet.
Discography.
As sideman.
With others

</doc>
<doc id="7043830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043830" title="Anuradha Paudwal">
Anuradha Paudwal

Anuradha Paudwal (born 27 October 1954) is an Indian playback singer and politician who works predominantly in Hindi cinema and Odia cinema. She is considered as one of the greatest and most popular Bhajan singer of all time and also as one of the most successful playback singers of Bollywood. The recipient of several accolades including a National Film Award, four Filmfare Awards (winning consecutively during 1990–92) and two Odisha State Film Awards, she has been honoured by the Government of India with the Padma Shri, the country's fourth-highest civilian honour for her contribution in the field of arts. Her contribution in Indian devotional music and Bollywood Industry gained her the titles such as "Bhajan Queen", "Melody Queen".
She was honored with honorary degree of D.Litt. by "D Y Patil University", the second singer to receive this degree after Lata Mangeshkar. She is engaged in social work and had a foundation named Suryodaya Foundation. In her career spanning over five decades Paudwal has recorded more than 9,000 songs and more than 1,500 bhajans in several languages including Gujarati, Hindi, Kannada, Marathi, Sanskrit, Bengali, Tamil, Telugu, Odia, Assamese, Punjabi, Bhojpuri, Brajbhasha, Nepali and Maithili. She is ranked NO. 26 in "Youtube's Music Charts and Insights" list of top global artist as of 6 February 2025. She has been on chart since last 237 weeks. She has been awarded a doctorate in music by DY Patil University, felicitated by the house of commons in England and awarded the Cultural ambassador to Indian devotional by the United Nations in New York.
She started her political career by joining Bharatiya Janata Party on 16 March 2024 ahead of 2024 Indian general election.
Career.
Paudwal made her debut from a Sanskrit verse in the 1973 Hindi film "Abhiman", composed by S. D. Burman.
She has also sung in films including Marathi, Odia, Nepali, Bengali and Kannada.
Early days and Success.
Before entering in Bollywood she sang in a Radio program. She started her music journey in 1973 from film Abhiman where she sang a Sanskrit verse for Jaya Bhaduri. In 1970s, she sang a few popular songs which were praised by the music composers as well as public, but doesn't get much popularity. At that time she sang as a dubbing artist.
She obtained popularity from her song "Tu Mera Janu Hai along with Manhar Udhas" in film Hero. She had been asked to 'dub' this song for the actual singer - Lata Mangeshkar. Later Lataji was to have sung the song for the actual recording. But when music director duo Laxmikant-Pyarelal heard Anuradha's version, they determined that since the movie had an actress, Meenakshi Seshadri, making her debut, it was only appropriate that the song should also be sung by a fresh voice. After that in mid-80s, she sang along with Mohammed Aziz, and this duo was highly liked by public. It was at this time that Anuradha Paudwal started to climb the ladder of success. After that she sang songs with established singers of that time and worked with many music composers. At that time she met Nadeem–Shravan who were struggling at that time. She listened to some of their songs and asked them to compose music for her. They composed 23 songs which were sung by her along with Kumar Sanu, Udit Narayan, Abhijeet Bhattacharya, Babla Mehta among others. Ten songs out of them are to be released as Chahat album, which were later released as film songs in Aashiqui movie in 1990.
As an established singer.
When music of the film Aashiqui was released, it became popular in no time. It established Anuradha Paudwal as a successful playback singer. After that Dil Hai Ke Manta Nahin, and Sadak were released in 1991, which were also immensely successful. Several other albums release at that time made her an established singer and she was often given preference over Mangeshkar sisters. When she was at the peak of her career, she decided to sing exclusively for T-Series. And after this her immensely successful Bollywood career started falling slowly and other female playback singers like Alka Yagnik, Kavita Krishnamurti and Sadhana Sargam came into prominence.
As a bhajan singer.
After quitting Bollywood she started singing devotional songs. One day before Navratri Gulshan Kumar asked Anuradha Paudwal to sing devotional songs of maa Durga. Anuradha sang those bhajans and when these were released in market these sold immediately. After this she started singing devotional songs one after one and never look back again. Her Bhajans are extremely popular in India specially her Shiv and Durga bhajans. Apart from Hindu Bhajans she also sang some Islamic, Christian, Jain, Boddha, and Sikhh Devotional songs. She has sung thousands of bhajans and is still active in Bhajan singing.
Re-entry in Bollywood.
In 1997 Gulshan Kumar got murdered and after that Anuradha Paudwal again started to sing songs for other music labels. She again started working with Tips Industries, Venus Records &amp; Tapes, and others. She got some of the best songs and became popular again, but at that time Alka Yagnik was dominating the Industry and Anuradha Paudwal didn't receive much success which she achieved earlier. She continued to sing till 2006 and after that she quit Bollywood.
Work with other singers.
She started her music journey from 1973. She has worked with Kishore Kumar, Mohammed Rafi, S.P. Balasubrahmanyam, Yesudas, Manna Dey, Mohammed Aziz, Kumar Sanu, Udit Narayan, Sonu Nigam, Mukesh, Pankaj Udhas, Manhar Udhas, Suresh Wadkar, Nitin Mukesh, Abhijeet Bhattacharya and many other male singers.
She has worked with Kavita Krishnamurti, Alka Yagnik, Sadhana Sargam, Asha Bhosle and many other female singers.
After working with almost all notable singers and musicians and establishing herself as an established singer she completely quitted the Bollywood in 2006. She sang her last song 'Palkein uthake Dekhiye' in film Jaane Hoga Kya.
Legacy.
Paudwal has recorded 23 songs with the music composer Nadeem–Shravan. These songs were used in 3 films – Aashiqui, Dil Hai Ke Manta Nahin and Sadak. All three films were blockbusters, and for the songs, Anuradha Paudwal won two Filmfare Awards. Aashiqui is the third most selling album ever in Indian Music Industry. Dil Hai Ke Manta Nahin was 5th most selling soundtrack of 1991. Sadak was the third most selling album of 1991. These songs were released under the label T-Series.
Her chhath geet are extremely popular and has crossed 47 million views on YouTube. Her gayatri matra is immensely popular and crossed 220 million views on YouTube. Her Shiv Amritwani has become highly popular and has crossed 250 million views collectively on YouTube. Hanuman Amritwani recorded by her has crossed 450 million views on YouTube. Shiv Bhajans and Durga bhajans sung by her are immensely popular in India.
She has sung thousands of songs in several languages. She has won four Filmfare Awards out of twelve nominations.
Television and albums Appearance.
Paudwal is one among the most popular singers in India. She has appeared in The Kapil Sharma Show as a guest along with Udit Narayan and Kumar Sanu. She has also appeared in popular singing show Indian Idol as a special guest where she share some of the memories of her career. Apart from this, She has also appeared in Sa Re Ga Ma Pa singing reality show. She has also appeared in Superstar Singer Season 2 singing reality show.
She has also appeared in many devotional albums like Shiv Amritwani, Mamta Ka Mandir, Hanuman Amritwani and also has special appearances in various Bollywood Movies like Saathi, Hum Aapke Dil Mein Rehte Hain, Jai Maa Vaishno Devi.
Personal life.
She was born 27 October 1954 as Alka Nadkarni, in a Marathi speaking family in Karwar.
She was married to Arun Paudwal, a music composer, with whom she had a son Aditya and a daughter Kavita, a singer by profession. Anuradha survived a helicopter crash in 2002 in Madhya Pradesh. On 12 September 2020, her son Aditya died of kidney failure.
Awards and recognitions.
She has been honoured with many awards including 4 Filmfare Awards, 1 National Film Award and Padma Shri by Government of India. Her other accolades are as follows:
Filmfare Awards.
Won
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="7043835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043835" title="Helix Bridge">
Helix Bridge

The Helix Bridge, officially The Helix, and previously known as the Double Helix Bridge, is a pedestrian bridge linking Marina Centre with Marina South in the Marina Bay area in Singapore. It was officially opened on 24 April 2010; however, only half was opened due to ongoing construction at the Marina Bay Sands. The bridge was fully opened on 18 July.
Architecture.
The design consortium is an international team comprising Australian architects the Cox Architecture and engineers Arup, and Singapore based Architects 61.
Canopies (made of fritted-glass and perforated steel mesh) are incorporated along parts of the inner spiral to provide shade for pedestrians. The bridge has four viewing platforms sited at strategic locations which provide views of the Singapore skyline and events taking place within Marina Bay. At night, the bridge will be illuminated by a series of lights that highlight the double-helix structure, thereby creating a special visual experience for the visitors.
Pairs of coloured letters c and g, as well as a and t on the bridge which are lit up at night in red and green represent cytosine, guanine, adenine and thymine, the four bases of DNA. The intentional left handed DNA-like design, which is the opposite of normal DNA on earth, earned it a place in The Left Handed DNA Hall of Fame in 2010.
The Land Transport Authority claimed it is a world first in architectural and engineering bridge design. It won the 'World's Best Transport Building' award at the World Architecture Festival Awards in the same year. It has also been recognised by the Building and Construction Authority (BCA) at the BCA Design and Engineering Safety Excellence Awards in 2011.
Construction.
The Helix is fabricated from approximately 650 tonnes of Duplex Stainless Steel and 1000 tonnes of carbon steel used in the temporary structure and also helping the bridge to get the helix shape. The construction began in 2007. It was officially opened on 24 April 2010 but partially accessible. The entire bridge was opened on 18 July 2010 to complete the entire walkway around Marina Bay.
Fabrication.
Before any work began on the bridge, a mock-up was made from carbon steel to try to preempt any construction difficulties. Fabrication of the elements worked from north to south; components were assembled into segments that could manage the Singapore roads. A trial assembly was done before delivery to site to identify any prefabrication errors.
Quality control.
The duplex stainless steel used is susceptible to contamination by carbon or zinc dust. So a dedicated workshop was specially set up to keep members for the Helix separate from other carbon and nitrogen steels.
Temporary works.
A temporary truss bridge was built to support the bridge and provide access. The key issue was in launching the trusses over the central 50m wide navigation channel that had to be kept clear during construction to give safe access to other users of the bay.
The truss was launched in segments in a synchronised lift with two mobile crane units. This was done at night to minimise disturbance caused by closing the channel.
Permanent works.
A mobile gantry crane was positioned on the temporary bridge to lift elements into place. Erection started from the North Abutment starting with the horizontal prefabricated segments (av. 11m long). Then the horizontal deck components were bolted on, and then cross members, hoop members, tension rods, and other loose members were installed working upwards from deck level.
The helices and their struts were installed. The individual elements of the helices being welded on the entire span had been erected. These crucial connections were very closely supervised and controlled to ensure the properties of the duplex steel were maintained. Finally a passivation process removed any surface iron compounds which are a potential source of corrosion.
In popular culture.
The bridge is featured in the HBO series "Westworld", as part of its third season.
It is featured in "Mario Kart Tour" and "Mario Kart 8 Deluxe" as part of the Singapore Speedway course.

</doc>
<doc id="7043836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043836" title="Sport in pre-union South Africa">
Sport in pre-union South Africa

Sport in pre-union South Africa saw some of South Africa's major sports, cricket, rugby union, and football being introduced by British settlers following the British takeover of the Cape Colony. A cricket club was established as early as 1857 in Cape Town and the English cricket team made a 1888-89 cricket tour to South Africa. Rugby was first played in the Cape Colony around 1875 and 1889 saw the creation of South Africa's first rugby board. The first documented soccer matches were played in 1862 by white soldiers in Port Elizabeth and Cape Town and the South African Football Association was established in 1892. Soccer soon spread to other colonies in South Africa and matches were played in the Transvaal Colony and the Orange Free State in the late 1800s to the early 1900s. The first participants in an Olympic Games for South Africa were prisoners of war from the South African War who ran a marathon in 1904. The independent colonies in South Africa were amalgamated in 1910 to form the Union of South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="7043839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043839" title="Ole-Kristian Tollefsen">
Ole-Kristian Tollefsen

Ole-Kristian Tollefsen (born 29 March 1984) is a Norwegian former professional ice hockey defenceman who last played for Färjestad BK in Elitserien. He was selected by the Columbus Blue Jackets in the 3rd round (65th overall) of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.
Tollefsen was selected to play for the Norway men's national ice hockey team at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Playing career.
Early career.
Ole-Kristian Tollefsen started his ice hockey career playing for Nes IK's youth teams, after one of his friends had talked him into it. He played for teams in the club until he turned 16, when he moved to Lillehammer, to attend the Norwegian College of Elite Sport. In Lillehammer, he is known as "Læfsa". Tollefsen played with Lillehammer Ishockeyklubb for two seasons, spending most of that time on the senior team, instead of any of the club's two junior teams where a player his age should have spent that stage of their career. During the 2001–02 season, he was a regular in the team's starting lineup as they reached fourth place in the Norwegian Elite League, and reached the playoff semi-finals for a bronze medal. He also played for both the junior teams in their playoffs, getting a silver medal with the Elder Junior (Under-20) team, and the gold medal with the Younger Junior (U-18) team. The medals were the last thing he accomplished in the Norwegian league system thus far in his career.
Draft and major junior hockey.
After that impressive season, Tollefsen was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets in the third round, 65th overall, in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft, something that made him one of the highest-drafted Norwegians ever (incidentally, the highest-drafted Norwegian ever, Dallas Stars prospect Marius Holtet, went in the second round, as the 42nd overall pick in the same draft).
The next stop for Tollefsen was the Western Hockey League (WHL), where he played the next two seasons for the Brandon Wheat Kings. During his time in the WHL, he showed that he could adapt to the North American style of play. His physical style of play showed on the 2003–04 Blue Jackets training camp, when one of his hits put star player Geoff Sanderson out of play for a couple of weeks with an injury.
During the 2004–05 NHL lockout season, Tollefsen had signed for the Blue Jackets, but spent most of the season with the Syracuse Crunch of the American Hockey League (AHL), but also had a short trip to the ECHL where he played for the Dayton Bombers.
NHL career.
For the 2005–06 season he started the season in the AHL, but on 23 November he got his NHL debut in a 4–2 loss against the Phoenix Coyotes. He played an additional four games for the Blue Jackets, with two penalty minutes, before he was sent down to Syracuse again, where he spent the rest of the season.
He played in 70 of the Blue Jackets' games in the 2006–07 season. On 10 November he, and fellow Norwegian NHL player Patrick Thoresen, played in the first NHL game ever to have two Norwegian players facing each other, when the Blue Jackets hosted Thoresen's Edmonton Oilers. In Ken Hitchcock's debut as the coach for the Blue Jackets, a 24 November away game against the Philadelphia Flyers, Tollefsen had his first career NHL point when he assisted on Jason Chimera's second period goal, he scored his first goal against the Chicago Blackhawks on 20 March 2007. He started a scoring streak when he forced overtime against Detroit Red Wings in the next game, tying Espen Knutsen's Norwegian NHL record. He accumulated 123 penalty minutes during the season, including fights against Mark Smith, Joffrey Lupul, Jordin Tootoo, and Bill Guerin.
On 30 July 2009 Tollefsen signed a one-year contract with the Philadelphia Flyers.
On 6 February 2010 Tollefsen, along with a 5th round pick in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft, was traded to the Detroit Red Wings for Finnish forward Ville Leino.
In January 2018 Tollefsen officially announced his retirement.
International play.
Tollefsen played in three matches for Norway during the 2010 Winter Olympics, with no points. He received a 25-minute penalty after checking Slovakia's Ľuboš Bartečko in the head during the quarterfinal play-in game on 23 February 2010.
Personal.
Tollefsen is one of only eight Norwegians to ever play in the NHL, the others being Bjørn Skaare, Anders Myrvold, Espen Knutsen, Patrick Thoresen, Jonas Holøs, Mats Zuccarello and Andreas Martinsen.

</doc>
<doc id="7043844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043844" title="Ideally hard superconductor">
Ideally hard superconductor

An ideally hard superconductor is a type II superconductor material with an infinite pinning force. In the external magnetic field it behaves like an ideal diamagnet if the field is switched on when the material is in the superconducting state, so-called "zero field cooled" (ZFC) regime. In the field cooled (FC) regime, the ideally hard superconductor screens perfectly the change of the magnetic field rather than the magnetic field itself. Its magnetization behavior can be described by Bean's critical state model. 
The ideally hard superconductor is a good approximation for the melt-textured high temperature superconductors (HTSC) used in large scale HTSC applications such as flywheels, HTSC bearings, HTSC motors, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="7043846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043846" title="David Lane (biologist)">
David Lane (biologist)

Sir David Philip Lane (born 1 July 1952) is a British immunologist, molecular biologist and cancer researcher. He is currently working in the Department of Microbiology, Tumor and Cell Biology at the Karolinska Institute and is Chairman of Chugai Pharmabody. He is best known for the discovery of p53, one of the most important tumour suppressor genes.
Education.
Lane attended The John Fisher School in Purley, South London. He completed his undergraduate and postgraduate degrees at University College, London where he studied auto-immunity under the supervision of Avrion Mitchison.
Career and research.
Lane carried out postdoctoral research first at the Imperial Cancer Research Fund (ICRF) in London with Lionel Crawford and then at the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York with Joseph Sambrook. On returning to the UK, Lane set up his own laboratory with Cancer Research Campaign (CRC) funding at Imperial College, London, then moving to the ICRF laboratories at Clare Hall before moving in 1990 to the University of Dundee to help establish the CRC laboratories there.
He has played an active part in UK science, sitting at various times on the scientific committee of the CRC, the Cell Board of the MRC, and on the council of the ICRF. He is dedicated to the successful translation of research for patient benefit and participated in the early discussions around the scientific benefits of the merger of ICRF and CRC, before serving as chief scientist to their successor, Cancer Research UK, until 2010.
Lane founded the Dundee-based Biotechnology company, Cyclacel Ltd and was the chief scientific officer from 1996 to 2004. From 2004 to 2007, he was the executive director of the Institute of Molecular &amp; Cell Biology (IMCB) in Singapore.
Sir David was chief scientist of Singapore's Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR, Singapore). He is also professor of tumour suppressor biology at the Department of Microbiology, Tumor and Cell Biology at the Karolinska Institute, where he is heading a research group.
Lane has published more than 350 research articles that have been cited over 100,000 times and is internationally recognised for his original discovery of the p53 protein SV40 T antigen complex and for his many subsequent contributions to the p53 field. The p53 gene is the most frequently altered gene in human cancer with more than half of all cancers having mutant p53. He is co-author with Ed Harlow of the most successful practical guide to the use of immunochemical methods. The "Antibodies" manual has sold over 40,000 copies.
Awards and honours.
Lane is a member of the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO), and in 1996 was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society, the UK's premier Academy. He is also a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh, the Royal College of Pathologists, the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh and a founder member of the Academy of Medical Sciences.
He has won many international prizes for his work including the Joseph Steiner Prize, the Meyenburg Prize (1995), the Yvette Mayent Prize, the Paul Ehrlich Prize and the Cancer Research UK Lifetime Achievement Prize (2012). He has been awarded honorary degrees from the Universities of Toulouse, Birmingham, Aberdeen, Stirling, Abertay, Brno and Nottingham. He has also been recognized for his business acumen with the award of Emerging Entrepreneur of the year.
On 29 September 2016, The John Fisher School opened the Sir David Lane building. In 2018, he became a laureate of the Asian Scientist 100 by the "Asian Scientist".
He was knighted for his contribution to cancer research in the New Year honours list in January 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="7043847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043847" title="David Lane (Oncology)">
David Lane (Oncology)



</doc>
<doc id="7043848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043848" title="Police Files - Unlocked (TV Program)">
Police Files - Unlocked (TV Program)



</doc>
<doc id="7043849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043849" title="Sir David Lane">
Sir David Lane



</doc>
<doc id="7043850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043850" title="Mido Hamada">
Mido Hamada

Mido Hamada () is an Egyptian-German actor in film, theatre, and television.
Early life and education.
Mido Hamada was born in Cairo, Egypt, to an Egyptian family who moved to Germany. 
He studied at an American school in Germany, and later attended the Oxford School of Drama.
Career.
His roles include Ahmed Shah Massoud in the television mini-series "The Path to 9/11" and smaller roles in the British television film Hannibal and the series "Feel the Force". In 2004, he played in the film "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow". In the 2011 film "Unknown", Hamada played a Saudi sheikh involved in an assassination attempt at a Berlin hotel and in funding biotechnological research.
Hamada has also appeared in season 8 of the Fox series "24" as Samir Mehran, a rogue intelligence agent from the fictional Middle Eastern country of Kamistan who assassinates its president Omar Hassan (Anil Kapoor). He served as the season's arch-villain for most of its episodes.
He appeared again in a Fox series on "Terra Nova", where he portrayed Guzman, one of the colony security personnel and a trusted colleague to Commander Nathaniel Taylor.
In 2012, Hamada had a role in the Showtime series "Homeland", playing a key member of a terrorist cell planning an attack on the United States. In "The Situation", he played Zaid, an Iraqi photographer. He portrayed "The Butcher" in the film "American Sniper". He also lent his voice for the video game "Disney Infinity 3.0". In 2017, he played Eamonn, captain of the bodyguards of the Wizard of Oz, in "Emerald City".
In 2019, Hamada played congressman Daniel Maloof in the fourth season of "Veronica Mars", produced by Hulu. He also has a role in the 2021 science fiction series "Foundation".
Personal life.
Hamada is fluent in German, English, and Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="7043851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043851" title="David Philip Lane">
David Philip Lane



</doc>
<doc id="7043852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043852" title="Transmissions from Uranus">
Transmissions from Uranus

Transmissions from Uranus is the second full-length album by American industrial metal band Hanzel und Gretyl. It was released in 1997 via Energy Records. It followed the pace set by the band's debut release, "Ausgeflippt", as its style was very electronically oriented. The album enjoyed significant success, with the song "9D Galactic Center" included on the soundtrack to "Mortal Kombat Annihilation". This was the band's last release on Energy Records, as the company went out of business in 1998. It was also the band's last release with a focus on machines and space and the last album to feature any song performed in a language other than German or English, with the song "Astronafti" performed in Greek, as their image changed radically upon the release of their third album, "Über alles", which was a satire of totalitarian regimes.
The CD contained a video game named "The Alienator", which could be installed and played on computers at the time of its release. The objective was to transform the two band members into alien-like space creatures.
Reception.
CMJ New Music Monthly and Sonic Options Network both gave the album positive reviews. Lollipop Magazine noted that the album was heavier than the previous album, Ausgeflippt, with "the guitars mixed higher and the beats played harder." Maximum Volume Music said that the album "was praised for its progressive musical stylings and groundbreaking technological advances."

</doc>
<doc id="7043863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043863" title="Any Answers?">
Any Answers?

Any Answers? is a radio phone-in broadcast on BBC Radio 4. It is the companion programme to "Any Questions?", in which a panel of notable figures drawn from politics, media or business are asked for their views on current affairs by members of an invited audience assembled in a public venue.
"Any Answers?" is broadcast on Saturday afternoons on BBC Radio 4, immediately after the repeat edition of "Any Questions?" has been aired.
History.
The programme began in October 1954. It was originally based on letters from listeners to "Any Questions?" but has subsequently followed the trend to the more immediate "phone-in" format. Currently listeners can submit their responses to the views expressed in "Any Questions?" by email, text message, or telephone. A moderator hosts the programme, ensuring that sufficient time is devoted to responses to each issue covered.
"Any Answers?" was initially part of the schedule of the BBC Light Programme (which became BBC Radio 2 in September 1967), before moving to BBC Radio 4 in 1970. Its first presenter was Freddie Grisewood. Jonathan Dimbleby began hosting the programme in 1989. He stepped down in 2012 but continued to present "Any Questions?" until 2019. Anita Anand took over as host on 9 June 2012. 
As of April 2023, "Any Answers?" is produced from BBC Cymru Wales New Broadcasting House in Cardiff. 

</doc>
<doc id="7043866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043866" title="Bundy clock">
Bundy clock



</doc>
<doc id="7043867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043867" title="Sind Medical College">
Sind Medical College



</doc>
<doc id="7043871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043871" title="Common Services Tunnel">
Common Services Tunnel



</doc>
<doc id="7043878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043878" title="Goldfish (comics)">
Goldfish (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="7043881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043881" title="Oliver Babbish">
Oliver Babbish



</doc>
<doc id="7043888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043888" title="Sir James Campbell, 2nd Baronet">
Sir James Campbell, 2nd Baronet



</doc>
<doc id="7043894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043894" title="USL PDL">
USL PDL



</doc>
<doc id="7043898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043898" title="Squirrel High Command">
Squirrel High Command



</doc>
<doc id="7043900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043900" title="Chris Donlon">
Chris Donlon

Christopher Donlon is a former Australian rules football field umpire who officiated in the Australian Football League. He umpired 426 career games in the AFL.
Donlon umpired in the 2011 AFL Grand Final.
During extra time of a 2017 final between the Port Adelaide and the West Coast Eagles, Donlon awarded a controversial free kick to West Coast player Luke Shuey for high contact. Shuey went on to kick the winning goal after the siren. The AFL later clarified they believed it was the correct decision.

</doc>
<doc id="7043901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043901" title="Federation style">
Federation style



</doc>
<doc id="7043905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043905" title="Iso Omena">
Iso Omena

Iso Omena (Finnish for "Big Apple") is a shopping centre in Matinkylä, Espoo, Finland, opened on September 24, 2001. The construction of Iso Omena aimed to, as far as possible, take heed of the wishes of the population of Espoo. Because of this, Iso Omena includes many centralised municipal and private services. Iso Omena also includes apartments, with a direct connection to the shopping centre. The name "Iso Omena" comes from the nickname "The Big Apple" of New York City in the United States.
Iso Omena includes over 200 businesses. The total area for rent is approximately . The building has 3 to 4 floors, parking garages under ground and a separate parking building and an office tower.
Information.
It opened September 24, 2001, and has had two major extensions in 2016-17. It is owned by Citycon. The original architect was Mauri Tommila. Its motto is "Like a small city".
It houses over 200 businesses. It has four commercial floors and several parking levels under ground. It provides approximately 1,100 jobs.
It has sales of approximately 390 million Euro per year and approximately 17 million visitors per year.
Area.
It has a Total area of with area for rent comprising a shopping centre of offices of and Senior apartments of (95 apartments).
It has approximately 2,600 parking spaces in total.
Services.
Services offered include: library, Espoo city common service centre, ticket service and medical and dental health service, chapel, KELA, office of the Finnish employment bureau, and a movie theatre.
Connections.
Iso Omena can be reached by metro, busses, car, bikes and by foot. The Matinkylä metro station and locan bus terminal is located directly under the southern part of Iso Omena. Iso Omena can be additionally reached by all buses travelling along Länsiväylä to or past Matinkylä, and by buses passing over Piispansilta. 

</doc>
<doc id="7043915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043915" title="Michael Vozzo">
Michael Vozzo

Michael 'Billy' Vozzo is a former Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League (AFL). He umpired 281 career games, including the 2006 AFL Grand Final and the 2008 AFL Grand Final.

</doc>
<doc id="7043919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043919" title="Jaclyn Stapp">
Jaclyn Stapp

Jaclyn Nesheiwat Stapp (born July 29, 1980) is an American fashion model. Her titles include Mrs. Florida America 2008, Miss New York USA 2004. In 2010 she wrote a children's book, "Wacky Jacky: The True Story of an Unlikely Beauty Queen". She is executive director of The Scott Stapp With Arms Wide Open Foundation, and founder of CHARM (Children Are Magical) by Jaclyn Stapp, which was formed to raise awareness of issues with which children deal and to provide underprivileged youth help with education. She is married to Creed lead singer Scott Stapp.
Pageants.
On May 31, 2008, Stapp won the Mrs. Florida America pageant, and was named Mrs. America 2008 First-Runner Up and awarded the title of Most Photogenic. In 2011, she represented the country of Jordan at Mrs. World, where she placed in the Top 5. In 2022, she was First-Runner Up in that Mrs. World pageant and was winner of the Congeniality Award.
Personal life.
Stapp is of Jordanian descent, one of five children raised in Umatilla, Florida. After graduating from Umatilla High School in 1998, she attended Stetson University and received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Marketing and Communications in 2002. She is the sister of Julia Nesheiwat and Janette Nesheiwat. Stapp married Scott Stapp at Viscaya Gardens, Florida in 2006. The two met during her reign as Miss New York USA at a Muscular Dystrophy charity gala in New York in January 2005. The couple have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="7043920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043920" title="Stephen McBurney">
Stephen McBurney

Stephen McBurney (born 14 November 1967) is a former Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League, and the most recent Australian Building and Construction Commissioner between February 2018 and February 2023.
In his umpiring career, he umpired 383 career games in the AFL, up to the completion of the 2011 AFL season.
McBurney was named the All Australian Umpire for the 2003 and 2007 seasons and umpired the AFL Grand Final in 2002, 2003, 2007 and 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7043924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043924" title="Troy Pannell">
Troy Pannell

Troy Pannell is a former Australian rules football field umpire who officiated in the Australian Football League (AFL). In a career which began in 2005 and ended in 2018, he umpired 219 games in the AFL. In 2004, before officiating at the top level, he was awarded the Golden Whistle by the New South Wales Australian Football Umpires Association.
In 2012, Pannell was appointed to his first final, the Elimination Final between Geelong and Fremantle at the MCG. He umpired his 150th game during the 2014 AFL finals series, a Preliminary Final between Sydney and North Melbourne.
In 2014, Pannell was knocked out while umpiring a game between Sydney and Essendon after clashing heads with Sydney player Nick Malceski. Fans were criticised for booing Pannell as he was taken off the ground for treatment.
He retired from the AFL panel at the end of the 2018 season. In May 2025, it was reported that Pannell was wanted by a Victorian court over allegations that he masterminded a scheme to defraud the shipping company SeaRoad out of $8.7 million by generating fake invoices for repairs on shipping containers which were never performed.

</doc>
<doc id="7043926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043926" title="Dean Margetts">
Dean Margetts

Dean Margetts (born 3 June 1974) is an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League. He has umpired over 300 career games in the AFL. He began his umpiring career with the South Suburban Junior Football Umpires Association (SSJFUA) which has been renamed now as the Demons District Football Umpiring Association (DDFUA), in Western Australia.
In May 2022, Margetts appeared on the AFL-centred YouTube channel "BackChat", hosted by Will Schofield and Dan Const, to discuss umpiring games of AFL.

</doc>
<doc id="7043930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043930" title="Brett Rosebury">
Brett Rosebury

Brett Rosebury (born 19 March 1980) is an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League (AFL). He has umpired 538 career games in the AFL since his debut in Round 13, 2000, as of the end of the 2023 AFL Season. He officiated his 500th AFL game on Saturday the 15th of July at the MCG between Collingwood and Fremantle.
Rosebury commenced his umpiring career with the South Suburban Junior Football Umpires Association (SSJFUA) in Western Australia, and he umpired his first match in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) at only 18 years of age, which is believed to be a record for the youngest officiating umpire in that league. He umpired the 1999 and 2000 WAFL Grand Finals.
Rosebury was one of four senior AFL umpires appointed during the 2000 AFL season. He is the youngest-ever field umpire to officiate in matches at VFL/AFL level.
Rosebury was named the All-Australian Umpire for 2008, but he was not selected to umpire the 2008 Grand Final. Instead, he was appointed emergency for the Grand Final, whilst Scott McLaren, Michael Vozzo and Shaun Ryan took the field. This experience has been a driving force in Rosebury's subsequent success.
Rosebury was a clerk with a mining company before being enlisted by the AFL, and now works as the Head Operations Accountant at Ticketmaster.
Rosebury has umpired the AFL Grand Final on nine occasions: 2009, 2010 and its replay, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2015, 2018, and 2021, which as of 2023 is the second-most of any field umpire (behind Matt Stevic, who has 11), and he generally performs the game's opening bounce.

</doc>
<doc id="7043932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043932" title="Matt Stevic">
Matt Stevic

Matthew Stevic (born 12 November 1979) is an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League (AFL). He has umpired 499 career games in the AFL as of the end of 2024, which has him sitting currently equal third on the all-time games umpired list.
Stevic was born in Leongatha, Victoria. He made his debut umpiring his first match in the AFL in Round 1, 2004, between the Western Bulldogs and the West Coast Eagles at the Telstra Dome, and he has since umpired internationally. 
He used to teach physical education, business management and geography at secondary schools, including Melbourne Grammar, Scotch College and Xavier College.
Stevic has umpired in a record twelve grand finals. Stevic umpired his first grand final alongside Brett Rosebury and Simon Meredith, which was the 2012 AFL Grand Final; after not being selected in 2013, he umpired in every grand final from 2014 until 2024. Since the 2023 grand final, his eleventh, he has held the outright record for most VFL/AFL grand finals umpired, surpassing the long-standing record held by Jack Elder. As of the end of the 2024 season, he has umpired a total of 60 finals matches in his career, also a VFL/AFL record.
Stevic studied applied science (sport coaching and administration) at Deakin University with a major in sport coaching.
External links.
Matt Stevic at AFL Tables

</doc>
<doc id="7043933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043933" title="Shane McInerney">
Shane McInerney

Shane McInerney (born 19 October 1970) is a former Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League. Active between 1994 and 2019, McInerney umpired in 500 senior VFL/AFL games, the most of any umpire in the league's history. He was raised in Ballarat, Victoria.
McInerney umpired in two grand finals: the 2004 AFL Grand Final alongside Brett Allen and Matthew James, and the 2007 AFL Grand Final alongside Scott McLaren and Stephen McBurney. He umpired a total of 26 AFL finals throughout his career.

</doc>
<doc id="7043934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043934" title="Jinx (comics)">
Jinx (comics)

Jinx, in comics, can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7043937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043937" title="Brett Allen">
Brett Allen

Brett Allen (born 14 April 1966) is a retired Australian rules football Field umpire in the Australian Football League. He umpired 346 career games in the AFL since his debut in 1992.
A veteran of the AFL umpiring list, Allen umpired the 1992 reserves grand final in his first season.
Although not accused of doing anything improper, he was involved in the "Whispers in the Sky" controversy as the second umpire, along with Matthew Head, on the flight. He defended Head, saying "Head had made no such comment". Two police officers were appointed to investigate the alleged comments by the umpires, however found nothing regarding the accused bribery.
He is fifth on the AFL umpiring all-time records for the number of finals games officiated, with 33, which is one behind fellow 2007-listed umpire Darren Goldspink.
He has also won the All Australian Umpire of the year four times over his AFL career: in 1999, 2000, 2002 and 2006.
He announced his retirement on 5 September 2007, citing the increase in interstate travel and training required to umpire at the highest level.
He was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 2017. On 24 October 2000, Allen was awarded the Australian Sports Medal for his contribution to the game.

</doc>
<doc id="7043938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043938" title="Analysis (radio programme)">
Analysis (radio programme)

Analysis is a BBC Radio 4 current affairs programme which has been running for more than 50 years, and is currently broadcast in a half-hour format.
History.
It began in April 1970. The first presenter was Ian McIntyre, who later became Controller of Radio 4 from 1976 to 1978 and of Radio 3 from 1978 to 1987; he left the programme in 1976.
Mark Laity was a senior producer from 1986 to 1988. Caroline Thomson (Chief Operating officer of the BBC since 2007) produced during 1978–81.
Content.
Its aim is to examine "the ideas and forces which shape public policy in Britain and abroad", and it covers various topics by means of interviews with academics and experts.
It takes an investigative journalism style and applies this to more global and strategic topics, at national and international levels, looking at the big picture.
Awards.
In 2000 "Analysis" won the Political Studies Association 50th Anniversary Award for Outstanding Broadcast Journalism. In the 1970s and 1980s it was regularly presented by and associated with award-winning journalist and commentator Mary Goldring.

</doc>
<doc id="7043941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043941" title="Daniel Ross (philosopher)">
Daniel Ross (philosopher)

Daniel Ross (born 1970) is an Australian philosopher and filmmaker, best known as the author of "Violent Democracy" (2004) and the co-director of the film "The Ister" (2004). His work is influenced by Bernard Stiegler, and he is a translator or co-translator of numerous texts by Stiegler, including eleven books.
Education.
Ross obtained his doctorate from Monash University in 2002, under the supervision of Michael Janover. It was entitled "Heidegger and the Question of the Political" and focused in particular on two of Heidegger's lecture courses, "Plato's Sophist" and "Hölderlin's Hymn "The Ister"".

</doc>
<doc id="7043942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043942" title="Damien Sully">
Damien Sully

Damien Sully (born 30 October 1974) is an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League. He has umpired 46 career games in the AFL as of the completion of 2009 AFL season.
Sully was awarded the distinction of VFL Umpire of the Year in 2004 and 2005.
Sully was appointed to the AFL umpiring ranks at the start of the 2006 AFL season as a 31-year-old. The AFL was trialling several candidates for the senior position, and reported Sully had been the standout among the group. He spent seven years in the Victorian Football League ranks, which saw him officiate over 100 games, including two VFL Grand Finals.

</doc>
<doc id="7043944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043944" title="Stefan Grun">
Stefan Grun

Stefan Grun is a former Australian Rules Football field umpire in the Australian Football League. He retired during the 2012 AFL season after having umpired 107 AFL matches and was elected President of the AFL Umpires Association in 2013.
Grun was one of two umpires injured during Round 6, 2004, which was the round that re-sparked debate about umpire-player collisions. Umpires had always been protected, with harsh suspensions handed down to players who collide with them. This incident demonstrated a change in interpretation of the AFL rules by the judiciary.
Grun has had a number of player collisions and explained his most embarrassing moment in umpiring was "Getting smashed by Charlie Gardiner at Kardinia Park in just my third game was quite bad, especially when the newspaper ran a photo of me lying on the ground looking like a curled up dog."

</doc>
<doc id="7043945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043945" title="Scott Jeffery">
Scott Jeffery

Scott Jeffery (born 11 February 1977) is a Tasmanian former Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League. In a career spanning 18 seasons from 2001 until 2018, he umpired 325 career games in the AFL. Jeffery umpired in the 2016 AFL Grand Final alongside Matt Stevic and Simon Meredith. Jeffery commenced his umpiring with the Southern Tasmanian Football League and umpired his first AFL game in round 6, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="7043946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043946" title="Jason Quigley">
Jason Quigley

Jason Quigley is an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League. He has umpired 48 career games in the AFL.

</doc>
<doc id="7043947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043947" title="Jinx (comic)">
Jinx (comic)



</doc>
<doc id="7043948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043948" title="Fredholm">
Fredholm

Fredholm is a Swedish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="7043949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043949" title="Mathew Nicholls">
Mathew Nicholls

Mathew Nicholls (born 1977) is an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League.
He officiated in the 2013 AFL Grand Final and the 2014 AFL Grand Final.
Nicholls was notably umpiring during the infamous Sirengate match between and in 2006, when play was allowed to continue after the final siren because the siren was too quiet for Nicholls to hear.
Nicholls is also notably referred to as "the best bouncer in the business", by commentator Brian Taylor, a reference to his ability to produce a large centre bounce.

</doc>
<doc id="7043953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043953" title="Kieron Nicholls">
Kieron Nicholls

Kieron Nicholls is a former Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League. He umpired 154 career games in the AFL between 1996 and his retirement in 2008. He first umpired at age 16 in the Riddell District Football League, and umpired in the 1994 Victorian Football Association Grand Final.

</doc>
<doc id="7043954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043954" title="Justin Schmitt">
Justin Schmitt

Justin Schmitt (born 9 October 1974) is a former Australian rules football field umpire who officiated in the Australian Football League. He umpired 363 career games in the AFL, debuting in 1997 and retiring at the end of 2018.
External links.
Justin Schmitt at AFL Tables

</doc>
<doc id="7043956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043956" title="Chromolaena odorata">
Chromolaena odorata

Chromolaena odorata is also known as Jack in the Bush. It is a tropical and subtropical species of flowering shrub in the family Asteraceae. It is native to the Americas, from Florida and Texas in the United States south through Mexico and the Caribbean to South America. It has been introduced to tropical Asia, West Africa, and parts of Australia.
Common names include Acheampong Leaves, Siam weed, rouge plant, Christmas bush, jack in the box, devil weed, common floss flower, hagunoy (Cebuano language), rompe saragüey (Spanish), Abani di egwu or Nsiibilibe (Igbo language), ewé Akíntọ́lá (Yorùbá) and triffid.
Description.
"Chromolaena odorata" is a rapidly growing perennial herb. It is a multi-stemmed shrub which grows up to 2.5 m (100 inches) tall in open areas. It has soft stems but the base of the shrub is woody. In shady areas it becomes etiolated and behaves as a creeper, growing on other vegetation. It can then become up to 10 m (33 feet) tall. The plant is hairy and glandular and the leaves give off a pungent, aromatic odour when crushed. The leaves are opposite, triangular to elliptical with serrated edges. Leaves are 4–10 cm long by 1–5 cm wide (up to 4 x 2 inches). Leaf petioles are 1–4 cm long. The white to pale pink tubular flowers are in panicles of 10 to 35 flowers that form at the ends of branches. The seeds are achenes and are somewhat hairy. They are mostly spread by the wind, but can also cling to fur, clothes and machinery, enabling long-distance dispersal. Seed production is about 80,000 to 90,000 per plant. Seeds need light to germinate. The plant can regenerate from the roots. In favorable conditions the plant can grow more than 3 cm per day.
Classification.
It was earlier taxonomically classified under the genus "Eupatorium", but is now considered more closely related to other genera in the tribe Eupatorieae.
Invasive species.
"Chromolaena odorata" is considered an invasive weed of field crops and natural environments in its introduced range. It has been reported to be the most problematic invasive species within protected rainforests in Africa. In Western Africa it prevents regeneration of tree species in areas of shifting cultivation. It affects species diversity in southern Africa. The plant's flammability affects forest edges.
In Sri Lanka it is a major weed in disturbed areas and coconut plantations.
Control.
Biological control with a defoliating Arctiid moth was attempted in the 1970s.
A pilot study in the Ashanti region of Ghana introduced the moth "Pareuchaetes pseudoinsulata" to some effect.
In Australia a systematic eradication programme with herbicide has been initiated.
The gall forming tephritid fly "Cecidochares connexa" was introduced into Guam from Indonesia in 1998 and is widespread across the island. "Chromolaena odorata" forms galls around the fly larvae that become a nutrient sink that diverts energy away from plant growth to provide nutritive tissue along the walls of the larval chamber. Between 1 and 7 larvae can be found in each gall.
History of introduction.
In the nineteenth century "Chromolaena odorata" escaped from the botanical gardens at Dacca (Bangladesh), Java (Indonesia) and Peradeniya (Sri Lanka). In Western Africa the plant was accidentally introduced with forestry seeds. It was introduced as an ornamental in Southern Africa, and was introduced to Ivory Coast in 1952 to control Imperata grasses. It was first found in Queensland, Australia in 1994 and was perhaps introduced with foreign pasture seeds. "Chromolaena odorata" was found on the eastern portion of the Big Island of Hawai'i in 2021.
Uses.
The plant is referred to as "rompe saragüey" by practitioners of Santeria, who use it for spiritual purposes. This use was famously mentioned in the salsa song "Rompe Saragüey" by Héctor Lavoe. "C. odorata" is commonly used in Latin America as an incense to spiritually cleanse a household, especially in Santería in Cuba and Puerto Rico.
Toxicity.
"Chromolaena odorata" is toxic to cattle and is larvicidal against all major mosquito vectors. It can also cause allergic reactions.

</doc>
<doc id="7043958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043958" title="Stoneburg, Texas">
Stoneburg, Texas

Stoneburg is an unincorporated community in Montague County, Texas, United States. According to the Handbook of Texas, it had a population of approximately 51 in 2000.
History.
In April 1958, an F3 tornado struck Stoneburg, injuring one person.&lt;ref name="1/1-8/13Tor"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt; On May 18, 1946, an F4 tornado struck Stoneburg. On April 29, 1906, another tornado hit Stoneburg. On April 9, 2009, Stoneburg was destroyed in a wildfire.
Convicted murderer Henry Lee Lucas was picked up by a Pentecostal minister from the House of Prayer in Stoneburg while hitchhiking.
Geography.
Stoneburg sits at the intersection of U.S. Route 81 and Farm to Market Road 1806, west of Montague and north of Bowie in west-central Montague County. Bowie Lake is southwest of the town.
Education.
W.T. Small used his ranch as a school in 1883. The Gold-Burg Independent School District serves area students.

</doc>
<doc id="7043959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043959" title="Sakranthi">
Sakranthi



</doc>
<doc id="7043961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043961" title="Michael Avon">
Michael Avon

Michael Avon (October 1974) was an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League.
Avon umpired 179 AFL matches based out of South Australia, umpiring his last AFL game in 2010. He umpired the blockbuster Essendon v Collingwood ANZAC Day match in the same year.
In 2011, Avon returned to the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and in 2012, he umpired his 3rd SANFL Grand Final, alongside Leigh Haussen and Curtis Deboy. Avon had previously umpired the 1996 and 1998 SANFL Grand Finals, a 14 year-gap between his last two finals.
In 2012, Michael umpired his 200th SANFL game in the match between Central District and Glenelg, giving him SANFL Life Membership, This feat was made even more notable given the length of his AFL umpiring career. Avon finished the 2013 season umpiring 2013 SANFL Grand Final again with Haussen and Deboy.

</doc>
<doc id="7043963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043963" title="Stoneburg, TX">
Stoneburg, TX



</doc>
<doc id="7043965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043965" title="Claude Luter">
Claude Luter

Claude Luter (23 July 1923 – 6 October 2006) was a jazz clarinetist who doubled on soprano saxophone.
Luter was born and died in Paris. He began on trumpet, but switched to clarinet. He might be best known for being an accompanist to Sidney Bechet when he was in Paris, but he also worked with Barney Bigard and French writer and musician Boris Vian.

</doc>
<doc id="7043968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043968" title="Chromolaena odoratissima">
Chromolaena odoratissima



</doc>
<doc id="7043970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043970" title="Derek Woodcock">
Derek Woodcock

Derek Woodcock is an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League. He has umpired 113 career games in the AFL.
He is also involved in cricket coaching at SACA.

</doc>
<doc id="7043971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043971" title="Volkswagen A00 Platform">
Volkswagen A00 Platform



</doc>
<doc id="7043972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043972" title="Shaun Ryan">
Shaun Ryan

Shaun Ryan is a former Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League.
Biography.
Born in 1975, Ryan was educated at Warrnambool's Christian Brothers' College and Emmanuel College before heading to Geelong's Deakin University where he graduated with both arts and law degrees.
Career.
Considered one of the league's best umpires of his time, Ryan umpired in five Grand Finals between 2008 and 2011 (which included both the drawn Grand Final and replay in 2010) before temporarily retiring at the end of 2011 after 215 games. He returned to senior umpiring in 2015 after three years hiatus, and umpired his sixth Grand Final in 2017 at the age of 42, and his seventh in 2018.
He officiated his final AFL match in the preliminary final clash between the and at the Gabba in October 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="7043977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043977" title="Craig Hendrie">
Craig Hendrie

Craig Robert Hendrie (born 14 July 1974) is an Australian rules football field umpire who umpired between 2003 and 2009 in the Australian Football League.
Umpiring career.
Junior football.
Hendrie began umpiring in the North Suburban Junior Football League in Perth, Western Australia in 1988.
WAFL.
Hendrie joined the WAFL umpiring panel in 1995 and made his league football debut in 1996. Hendrie umpired the 2001, 2002 and 2003 WAFL grand finals. To the end of the 2008 WAFL season he had umpired 208 WAFL matches.
AFL.
Hendrie joined the AFL umpiring panel in 2003. To the end of the 2009 AFL season he had umpired 69 AFL games.
In October 2009 it was announced that he would not have an AFL contract for 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="7043979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043979" title="Martin Ellis (umpire)">
Martin Ellis (umpire)

Martin Ellis (born 9 May 1969) is a former Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League.
He retired on the 2 September 2008 having umpired a total of 244 career games over 13 seasons, including 8 finals and the 2001 AFL Grand Final. Ellis was also appointed and officiated in Fitzroy's last match against Fremantle at Subiaco Oval in 1996.
He has held the position of Director of Umpiring at the Northern Football League since 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="7043982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043982" title="Integrated Truss Structure">
Integrated Truss Structure

The Integrated Truss Structure (ITS) of the International Space Station (ISS) consists of a linear arranged sequence of connected trusses on which various unpressurized components are mounted such as logistics carriers, radiators, solar arrays, and other equipment. It supplies the ISS with a bus architecture. It is approximately 110 meters long and is made from aluminium and stainless steel.
Truss components.
All truss components were named after their planned end-positions: Z for zenith, S for starboard and P for port, with the number indicating the sequential position. The S0 truss might be considered a misnomer, as it is mounted centrally on the zenith position of "Destiny" and is neither starboard nor port side.
Manufacturing.
ISS truss segments were fabricated by Boeing in its facilities at Huntington Beach, California (formerly McDonnell Douglas), Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, Louisiana, Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama, and in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The trusses were then transported or shipped to Kennedy Space Center's Space Station Processing Facility for final assembly and checkout.
The structural framework was made using several manufacturing processes, including the investment casting, steel hot rolling, friction-stir, and TIG welding processes.
Z1 truss.
The first truss piece, the Z1 truss, launched aboard STS-92 in October 2000. It contains the control moment gyroscope (CMG) assemblies, electrical wiring, communications equipment, and two plasma contactors designed to neutralize the static electrical charge of the space station.
Another objective of the Z1 truss was to serve as a temporary mounting position for the "P6 truss and solar array" until its relocation to the end of the P5 truss during STS-120. Though not a part of the main truss, the Z1 truss was the first permanent lattice-work structure for the ISS, very much like a girder, setting the stage for the future addition of the station's major trusses or backbones. It is made from stainless steel, titanium, and aluminum alloys.
While the bulk of the Z1 truss is unpressurized, it features a Common Berthing Mechanism (CBM) port that connects its nadir to the zenith port of "Unity" and contains a small pressurized dome that allowed astronauts to connect electrical ground straps between "Unity" and the truss without an EVA. In addition, the dome inside the CBM of Z1 can be used as storage space.
The Z1 truss also features a forward-facing Manual Berthing Mechanism (MBM) ring. This MBM is not a port and is not pressurized or electrically powered, but it can be operated with a handheld tool to berth any passive CBM to it. The Z1 truss's MBM was used only once, to temporarily hold PMA-2, while the "Destiny" lab was being berthed onto the "Unity" node during STS-98. Since the installation of the nearby S0 truss in April 2002, access to the MBM has been blocked.
In October 2007, the P6 truss element was disconnected from Z1 and moved to P5; P6 will now be permanently connected with P5. The Z1 truss is now solely used to house the CMGs, communications equipment, and the plasma contactors; furthermore, Z1 connects now solely to "Unity" (Node 1) and no longer houses other space station elements.
In December 2008, the Ad Astra Rocket Company announced an agreement with NASA to place a flight test version of its VASIMR ion thruster on the station to take over reboost duties. In 2013, the thruster module was intended to be placed on top of the Z1 truss in 2015. NASA and Ad Astra signed a contract for development of the VASIMR engine for up to three years in 2015. However, in 2015 NASA ended plans for flying the VF-200 to the ISS. A NASA spokesperson stated that the ISS "was not an ideal demonstration platform for the desired performance level of the engines". (An example of a spacecraft that used an ion thruster to maintain its orbit was the Gravity Field and Steady-State Ocean Circulation Explorer, whose engine allowed it to maintain a very low orbit.)
S0 truss.
The S0 truss, (also called the "Center Integrated Truss Assembly Starboard 0 Truss") forms the central backbone of the Space Station. It was attached on the top of the Destiny Laboratory Module during STS-110 in April 2002. S0 is used to route power to the pressurized station modules and conduct heat away from the modules to the S1 and P1 Trusses. The S0 truss is not docked to the ISS but is connected to the Destiny Lab module by both the Module-to-Truss Structure Attachment System (MTSAS) and four Module-to-Truss Structure (MTS) extruded aluminum struts. The Module-to-Truss Structure Attachment System is in two halves. The active half Lab Cradle Assembly bolted to the aft and mid-rings of the Destiny Lab and the passive half grapple bar and alignment pins integral to S0.
P1, S1 trusses.
The P1 and S1 trusses (also called the "Port and Starboard Side Thermal Radiator Trusses") are attached to the S0 truss and contain carts to transport the Canadarm2 and astronauts to worksites along with the space station. They each flow 290 kg (637 lb) of anhydrous ammonia through three heat rejection radiators. The S1 truss was launched on STS-112 in October 2002 and the P1 truss was launched on STS-113 in November 2002. Detailed design, test, and construction of the S1 and P1 structures were conducted by McDonnell Douglas (now Boeing) in Huntington Beach, CA. First parts were cut for the structure in 1996, and delivery of the first truss occurred in 1999.
P2, S2 trusses.
The P2 and S2 trusses were planned as locations for rocket thrusters in the original design for Space Station Freedom. Since the Russian parts of the ISS also provided that capability, the reboost capability of the Space Station Freedom design was no longer needed at that location. As such, P2 and S2 were canceled.
P3/P4, S3/S4 truss assemblies.
The P3/P4 truss assembly was installed by the Space Shuttle " Atlantis" STS-115 mission, launched September 9, 2006, and attached to the P1 segment. The P3 and P4 segments together contain a pair of solar arrays, a radiator, and a rotary joint that will aim the solar arrays, and connects P3 to P4. Upon its installation, no power was flowing across the rotary joint, so the electricity generated by the P4 solar array wings was only being used on the P4 segment and not the rest of the station. Then in December 2006, a major electrical rewiring of the station by STS-116 routed this power to the entire grid. The S3/S4 truss assembly—a mirror-image of P3/P4—was installed on June 11, 2007 also by Space Shuttle "Atlantis" during flight STS-117, mission 13A and mounted to the S1 truss segment. It is the heaviest station-bound module ever launched by the Space Shuttle.
Major P3 and S3 subsystems include the Segment-to-Segment Attach System (SSAS), Solar Alpha Rotary Joint (SARJ), and Unpressurized Cargo Carrier Attach System (UCCAS). The primary functions of the P3 truss segment are to provide mechanical, power and data interfaces to payloads attached to the two UCCAS platforms; axial indexing for solar tracking, or rotating of the arrays to follow the sun, via the SARJ; movement and worksite accommodations for the Mobile Transporter. The P3/S3 primary structure is made of a hexagonal-shaped aluminum structure and includes four bulkheads and six longerons. The S3 truss also supports EXPRESS Logistics Carrier locations, first to be launched and installed in the 2009 time frame.
Major subsystems of the P4 and S4 Photovoltaic Modules (PVM) include the two Solar Array Wings (SAW), the Photovoltaic Radiator (PVR), the Alpha Joint Interface Structure (AJIS), and Modified Rocketdyne Truss Attachment System (MRTAS), and Beta Gimbal Assembly (BGA).
Years later, iROSA 3 and 4 was added in front of Old 3A and 4A solar arrays on S4 and P4 truss respectively and iROSA 5 was added in front of Old 1B solar array on S4 truss in December 2022 and June 2023 respectively.
P5, S5 trusses.
The P5 and S5 trusses are connectors that support the P6 and S6 trusses, respectively. The P3/P4 and S3/S4 truss assemblies' length was limited by the cargo bay capacity of the Space Shuttle, so these small (3.37 m long) connectors are needed to extend the truss. The P5 truss was installed on December 12, 2006, during the first EVA of mission STS-116. The S5 truss was brought into orbit by mission STS-118 and installed on August 11, 2007.
P6, S6 trusses.
The P6 truss was the second truss segment to be added because it contains a large Solar Array Wing (SAW) that generated essential electricity for the station, prior to activation of the SAW on the P4 truss. It was originally mounted to the Z1 truss and had its SAW extended during STS-97, but the SAW was folded, one half at a time, to make room for the SAWs on the P4 and S4 trusses, during STS-116 and STS-117 respectively. Shuttle mission STS-120 (assembly mission 10A) detached the P6 truss from Z1, remounted it on the P5 truss, redeployed its radiator panels, and attempted to redeploy its SAWs. One SAW (2B) was deployed successfully but the second SAW (4B) developed a significant tear that temporarily stopped deployment at around 80%. This was subsequently fixed and the array is now fully deployed. A later assembly mission (the out of sequence STS-119) mounted the S6 truss on the S5 truss, which provided a fourth and final set of solar arrays and radiators.
Years later, iROSA 1 and 2 was added in front of Old 4B and 2B solar arrays on P6 truss and iROSA 6 was added in front of Old 1B solar array on S6 truss in June 2021 and June 2023 respectively.
Truss subsystems.
Solar arrays.
The International Space Station's main source of energy is from the four large U.S.-made photovoltaic arrays currently on the station, sometimes referred to as the "Solar Array Wings" (SAW). The first pair of arrays are attached to the P6 truss segment, which was launched and installed on top of Z1 in late 2000 during STS-97. The P6 segment was relocated to its final position, bolted to the P5 truss segment, in November 2007 during STS-120. The second pair of arrays was launched and installed in September 2006 during STS-115, but they didn't provide electricity until STS-116 in December 2006 when the station got an electrical rewiring. The third pair of arrays was installed during STS-117 in June 2007. A final pair arrived in March 2009 on STS-119. More solar power was to have been available via the Russian-built Science Power Platform, but it was canceled.
Each of the Solar Array Wings are 34 m (112 ft) long by 12 m (39 ft) wide, have roughly of mass, and are capable of generating nearly 30 kW of DC power. They are split into two photovoltaic blankets, with the deployment mast in between. Each blanket has 16,400 silicon photovoltaic cells, each cell measuring 8 cm x 8 cm, grouped into 82 active panels, each consisting of 200 cells, with 4,100 diodes.
Each pair of blankets was folded like an accordion for compact delivery to space. Once in orbit, the deployment mast between each pair of blankets unfolds the array to its full length. Gimbals, known as the "Beta Gimbal Assembly" (BGA) are used to rotate the arrays so that they face the Sun to provide maximum power to the International Space Station.
Over time, the photovoltaic cells on the wings have degraded gradually, having been designed for a 15-year service life. This is especially noticeable with the first arrays to launch, with the P6 and P4 Trusses in 2000 and 2006. To augment the P6 truss' wings, in June 2021 and November 2022, NASA launched four of a scaled-up version of the Roll Out Solar Array, in two pairs, aboard the SpaceX Dragon 2 missions SpaceX CRS-22, -26 and -28. These arrays are more lightweight and generate more energy than the existing arrays. They are intended to be deployed along the central part of the wings up to two thirds of their length. Work to install support brackets for the new arrays on the P6 truss mast cans was initiated by the members of Expedition 64. Work to install and deploy the first two arrays themselves on the P6 brackets was successfully conducted over three spacewalks by Shane Kimbrough and Thomas Pesquet of Expedition 65. In November and December 2022, astronauts Francisco Rubio and Josh A. Cassada of Expedition 68 installed the second set of brackets and arrays, one each on the P4 and S4 Trusses. In June 2023, astronauts Stephen Bowen and Warren Hoburg of Expedition 69 installed the third set of brackets and arrays, one each on the S6 and S4 Trusses. A final set of arrays will be installed on the P4 and S6 trusses in 2025.
Solar alpha rotary joint.
The Alpha joint is the main rotary joint allowing the solar arrays to track the sun; in nominal operation the alpha joint rotates by 360° each orbit (however, see also Night Glider mode). One Solar Alpha Rotary Joint (SARJ) is located between the P3 and P4 truss segments and the other is located between the S3 and S4 truss segments. When in operation, these joints continuously rotate to keep the solar array wings on the outboard truss segments oriented towards the Sun. Each SARJ is 10 feet in diameter, weighs approximately 2,500 pounds and can be rotated continuously using bearing assemblies and a servo control system. On both the port and starboard sides, all of the power flows through the Utility Transfer Assembly (UTA) in the SARJ. Roll ring assemblies allow transmission of data and power across the rotating interface so it never has to unwind. The SARJ was designed, built, and tested by Lockheed Martin and its subcontractors.
The Solar Alpha Rotary Joints contain Drive Lock Assemblies which allow the outer segments of the ITS to rotate and track the Sun. A component of the DLA is a pinion which engages with the race ring that serves as a bull gear. There are two race rings and two DLAs in each SARJ providing on-orbit redundancy, however a series of space walks would be required to reposition the DLAs and the Trundle Bearing Assemblies (TBAs) to utilize the alternate race ring. A spare DLA was brought to the ISS on STS-122.
In 2007, a problem was detected in the starboard SARJ and in one of the two beta gimbal assemblies (BGA). Damage had occurred due to excessive and premature wear of a track in the joint mechanism. The SARJ was frozen during problem diagnosis, and in 2008 lubrication was applied to the track to address the issue.
Power conditioning and storage.
The sequential shunt unit (SSU) is designed to coarsely regulate the solar power collected during periods of insolation—when the arrays collect power during sun-pointing periods. A sequence of 82 separate strings, or power lines, leads from the solar array to the SSU. Shunting, or controlling, the output of each string regulates the amount of power transferred. The regulated voltage setpoint is controlled by a computer located on the IEA and is normally set to around 140  volts. The SSU has an overvoltage protection feature to maintain the output voltage below 200 V DC maximum for all operating conditions. This power is then passed through the BMRRM to the DCSU located in the IEA. The SSU measures and weighs .
Each battery assembly, situated on the S4, P4, S6, and P6 Trusses, consists of 24 lightweight lithium-ion battery cells and associated electrical and mechanical equipment. Each battery assembly has a nameplate capacity of 110 Ah ( C) (originally 81 Ah) and . This power is fed to the ISS via the BCDU and DCSU respectively. 
The batteries ensure that the station is never without power to sustain life-support systems and experiments. During the sunlight part of the orbit, the batteries are recharged. The nickel-hydrogen batteries had a design life of 6.5 years which means that they were replaced multiple times during the expected 30-year life of the station. The batteries and the battery charge/discharge units are manufactured by Space Systems/Loral (SS/L), under contract to Boeing. Ni-H2 batteries on the P6 truss were replaced in 2009 and 2010 with more Ni-H2 batteries brought by Space Shuttle missions. The nickel-hydrogen batteries had a design life of 6.5 years and could exceed 38,000 charge/discharge cycles at 35% depth of discharge. Each battery measured and weighed .
From 2017 to 2021, the nickel-hydrogen batteries were replaced by lithium-ion batteries. On January 6, 2017, Expedition 50 members Shane Kimbrough and Peggy Whitson began the process of converting some of the oldest batteries on the ISS to the new lithium-ion batteries. Expedition 64 members Victor J. Glover and Michael S. Hopkins concluded the campaign on February 1, 2021. There is a number of differences between the two battery technologies. One difference is that the lithium-ion batteries can handle twice the charge, so only half as many lithium-ion batteries were needed during replacement. Also, the lithium-ion batteries are smaller than the older nickel-hydrogen batteries. Although Li-ion batteries typically have shorter lifetimes than Ni-H2 batteries as they cannot sustain as many charge/discharge cycles before suffering notable degradation, the ISS Li-ion batteries have been designed for 60,000 cycles and ten years of lifetime, much longer than the original Ni-H2 batteries' design life span of 6.5 years.
Mobile Base System.
The Mobile Base System (MBS) is a platform (mounted on the Mobile Transporter) for the robotic arms Canadarm2 and Dextre carrying them 108 metres down rails between the S3 and P3 truss. Beyond the rails Canadarm2 can step over the alpha rotary joint and relocate to grapple fixtures on the S6 and P6 truss. During STS-120 Astronaut Scott Parazynski rode the Orbiter Boom Sensor to repair a tear in the 4B solar array.
Truss assembly sequence.
The first truss segment to be launched was Z1, which was mounted to the "Unity" module's zenith (facing away from Earth) Common Berthing Mechanism. It was followed by P6, which was mounted atop (zenith side) the Z1 truss. Next, the S0 truss was mounted atop the "Destiny" module. The other truss elements were attached sequentially to either side of S0. As the truss neared completion, the P6 truss was relocated from Z1 to the end of P5.

</doc>
<doc id="7043987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043987" title="Stuart Wenn">
Stuart Wenn

Stuart Wenn is a former Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League. He made his AFL umpiring debut in 1995, and umpired in 340 senior matches over a career spanning 20 seasons.
Wenn's father, Rex, was a leading Victorian Football Association umpire during the 1970s, who umpired in grand finals in that competition.

</doc>
<doc id="7043991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043991" title="Gold-Burg Independent School District">
Gold-Burg Independent School District

Gold-Burg Independent School District is a public school district in northwestern Montague County, Texas (USA). A small portion of the district extends into northeastern Clay County.
The district's name is a conglomerate of the two unincorporated communities that it serves – "Gold" from Ringgold and "Burg" from Stoneburg.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Gold-Burg High School plays six-man football.

</doc>
<doc id="7043992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043992" title="Gold Burg Independent School District">
Gold Burg Independent School District



</doc>
<doc id="7043993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043993" title="Gold-Burg ISD">
Gold-Burg ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7043994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043994" title="Gold Burg ISD">
Gold Burg ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7043995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043995" title="Simon Meredith (umpire)">
Simon Meredith (umpire)

Simon Meredith (born 11 March 1975) is an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League. One of the league's most experienced umpires, he has officiated in eight AFL Grand Finals: 2012, 2013, 2014, 2016, 2017, 2020 ,2022 and the 2024 AFL Grand Final.
In June 2014, Meredith suffered severe headaches whilst umpiring a game between Sydney and Port Adelaide. He was taken to hospital and diagnosed with a subarachnoid hemorrhage. He spent over a week in hospital before returning to Melbourne. He recovered fully and went on to umpire in that season's grand final.
In 2016, Meredith umpired the Grand Final between the Western Bulldogs and Sydney Swans.
In 2017, Meredith received AFL life membership after umpiring 300 games, becoming the 22nd umpire to do so. Meredith officiated his 400th match when Fremantle played the Western Bulldogs during Round 12 of the 2021 season. He became the 7th umpire in VFL/AFL history to achieve this feat.

</doc>
<doc id="7043998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043998" title="Chris Kamolins">
Chris Kamolins

Christopher Charles Kamolins (born 25 December 1977) is an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League. He has umpired 193 career games in the AFL.
Kamolins attended primary school at Greenhills Primary School in Greensborough, Melbourne, before completing his secondary education at St Helena Secondary College in Eltham North. Chris studied at a tertiary level at RMIT University, based at the Bundoora Campus, successfully achieving at a high level a Bachelor of Nursing degree.
Kamolins was based in Queensland for a few years whilst on the AFL list, having originally been from Victoria, and returning there at the start of the 2014 season.
He umpires his first AFL Final in the 2016 AFL finals series, umpiring the 1st Elimination Final between Adelaide and North Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="7043999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7043999" title="The 2006 Swedish election espionage affair">
The 2006 Swedish election espionage affair



</doc>
<doc id="7044003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044003" title="Ray Chamberlain (umpire)">
Ray Chamberlain (umpire)

Ray Chamberlain (born 5 September 1976), better known as Razor Ray, is a former Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League.
Chamberlain was born and grew up in the Australian Capital Territory and umpired his first Australian rules game as a teenager. He was offered an umpiring contract by the VFL in 2000 and promptly moved to Victoria, where he umpired in the VFL for four years before being offered an AFL umpiring contract. Chamberlain is noted for his sense of humour, often cracking jokes on the field. Chamberlain has been criticised by individuals such as coach of Chris Scott for a perceived lack of ability to perform a centre bounce, claims that Chamberlain has pushed back against.
Chamberlain was selected to officiate in his first grand final on 25 September 2010, the drawn Grand Final between and .
He formerly taught physical education at Victorian Public High School, Mordialloc College, where he was also a year-level coordinator.
Inaugural inductee to University of Canberra Sport Walk of Fame in 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="7044005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044005" title="Motorbike racing">
Motorbike racing



</doc>
<doc id="7044006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044006" title="FC Santa Clarita">
FC Santa Clarita

FC Santa Clarita (FCSC) is an American soccer team based in Santa Clarita, California, United States. FC Santa Clarita also known as the Santa Clarita Storm make just north of Los Angeles home, as they compete in the United Premier Soccer League (UPSL). Santa Clarita FC announced they joined the UPSL’s Western Conference November 5, 2014. The team is owned by American businessman Gary Brunner, President and CEO of United Sports International Inc. The team is Santa Clarita’s only sports franchise calling the area home with the encouragement and support of the city.
Founded in 2006 as the Lancaster Rattlers, the team played in the USL Premier Development League (PDL), before re-branding in 2011 as the Santa Clarita Storm joining the NPSL then in 2014 moving up to join the UPSL. In 2018, Santa Clarita Storm merged with San Fernando Valley Scorpions to form FC Santa Clarita. The team's colors are red, black and white.
History.
PDL.
The Lancaster Rattlers entered the USL Premier Development League in 2007 as the first ever soccer franchise from the Antelope Valley area of Southern California. They played their first competitive game on April 28, 2007, a 2–1 loss to fellow expansion franchise, Ventura County Fusion, and this unfortunately set the standard for a disappointing first season. Four straight losses – including a 5–1 hammering by Bakersfield Brigade – left the Rattlers languishing at the bottom of the table. Head coach Steve McKenzie was replaced halfway through the season by Gary Brunner, the boss's son, but the change resulted in limited success; their first victory (2–1 over the San Francisco Seals) was the single bright spot of a summer which saw them lose eight of their next nine games, scoring 15 goals but conceding an astonishing 32. A difficult first season ended with the Rattlers managing a 2–2 draw against Los Angeles Storm, but finishing dead last in the division, six points adrift of their closest rivals, and second-worst in the entire PDL (only Cocoa Expos had a worse record). Martin Galvan was top scorer.
2008 wasn't much better for the team from Antelope Valley; they started the season with third new head coach, Costas Skouras, but the on-field products remained poor. After a 2–2 tie with Bakersfield Brigade in their opening fixture, the Rattlers went on to lose seven straight games, including a 5–0 hammering by Los Angeles Legends, a 4–2 loss to San Fernando Valley Quakes, and a 4–1 home defeat to Fresno Fuego. The Rattlers finally picked up their first win in a see-saw game against Orange County Blue Star which saw them emerge on the right side of a 4–2 scoreline, and they followed this up with a 2–1 win on the road against Bakersfield Brigade – the first time in franchise history that the Rattlers had enjoyed back-to-back victories. However, this proved to be the year's single bright spot. Coach Skouras was replaced mid-season by Javier Gallegos – the second time the Rattlers made a coaching change during their campaign – but they failed to win another game, ending their year with three ties and three losses, including 4–0 thrashing by Ventura County Fusion. The Rattlers finished the year dead last in the division for the second time, four points adrift of their closest rivals, Southern California Seahorses. Mauricio Harrie was top scorer, with three goals.
Lancaster had their best season to date in 2009. Under new head coach David Lopez – their fifth in three years – the Rattlers showed slow and steady improvement as the season progressed. The year began well with a 3–2 win over the Los Angeles Legends thanks to a pair of goals from Mauricio Harrie, but quickly turned sour as the Antelope Valley side failed to win any of their next eight games. They let a four-goal lead slip in their agonizing 5–5 tie with Fresno Fuego at the end of May, and suffered several heavy defeats, including a 3–0 loss away to the Hollywood United Hitmen and 6–1 thrashing at the hands of Los Angeles Legends, who clearly wanted revenge for their defeat earlier in the season. However, sometime in the middle of June, something happened to the Lancaster team, and they began 'rattling' off win after win. They beat Ogden Outlaws 4–3 in a seesaw game in which Richard Galvan scored an 84th-minute winner, comfortably knocked off Bakersfield Brigade 3–0 at home, fought back to tie 2–2 with Ventura County Fusion having gone behind twice, and pummelled Ogden for a second time, winning 5–2 on the road in the penultimate game of the season with two more goals from Mauricio Harrie. The rocky early part of the season meant that the best the Rattlers could do was 7th place in the division – but this was a significant improvement over previous years. Harrie was the team's top scorer with an impressive nine goals, and the fact that Moises Alvarez, Jose Garay, Christian Hernandez and Miguel Ibarra all score five or more goals each highlights their improved fortunes in front of goal.
The Rattlers changed their coach yet again during the 2009–2010 offseason, with Jarrod Cline taking over duties from David Lopez as player-coach.
The team left the USL PDL after the 2010 season to join the National Premier Soccer League.
NPSL.
In August 2011, the team moved to Santa Clarita, California and became the FC Santa Clarita Storm.
In the 2012 season, the team finished in 2nd Place in the Southwest Conference with an 8–3–3 record. The highlight was defeating the San Diego Flash 4–3 on July 7, denying the Flash an undefeated season. They lost to the Bay Area Ambassadors in the West Division Semi-Final 3–2.
In the 2013 season the team was one point behind the flash and played each other in the last game of the season. Flash only needing a tie to clinch a playoff berth and the Storm needing a win to jump the San Diego rivalry. in the 82nd minute in a 1–1 tie the Storm was awarded a Penalty Kick and scored but called back on an infringement call. But instead of a retake as it calls for in FIFA rules, the official called it a goal kick. To much objections and protest the decision was given to the home team the Flash. The Storm was kept from advancing because of the misapplication of a FIFA rule. In 2014, the club finished in fourth place in a rebuilding year that was not the best since its move to Santa Clarita.
UPSL.
In 2014 the United Premier Soccer League announced that the Santa Clarita Storm joined the UPSL and officially were new team member of the Western Conference for the 2014/15 UPSL Season. The UPSL currently consists of two conferences covering Los Angeles County which includes Los Angeles, Orange County and the Inland Empire.
The UPSL ran a 2014 fall and winter schedule with playoffs that concluded in March, 2015. The Storm joined the L.A. Wolves FC, Santa Monica Sporting FC, Penmar LA FC, L.A. South Bay, So Cal Troop, Las Vegas High Rollers, and Del Rey City SC to
make up the Western Conference. The Southeast Conference was made up of OC Crew, PSA Elite, Banning USA, OC Stars, Santa Ana Winds FC, Cal Dream, UC Irvine, UC Riverside, Garden Grove City FC, La Máquina FC, and Glory United.
Notable former players.
This list of notable former players comprises players who went on to play professional soccer after playing for the team in the Premier Development League, or those who previously played professionally before joining the team.
Average attendance.
Attendance stats are calculated by averaging each team's self-reported home attendances from the historical match archive at https://web.archive.org/web/20100105175057/http://www.uslsoccer.com/history/index_E.html.

</doc>
<doc id="7044010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044010" title="A1 gp cars">
A1 gp cars



</doc>
<doc id="7044011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044011" title="A1 grand prix cars">
A1 grand prix cars



</doc>
<doc id="7044013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044013" title="List of foreign Serie A players">
List of foreign Serie A players

This is a list of foreign players (i.e. non-Italian players) in Serie A. The following players:
Players are sorted by the State, according to the FIFA eligibility rules: 
These are all the teams that have had at least one foreign player while playing in a Serie A season. Teams in bold are the ones currently playing in the 2025–26 Serie A season:
Alessandria, Ancona, Ascoli, Atalanta, Avellino, Bari, Benevento, Bologna, Brescia, Cagliari, Carpi, Catania, Catanzaro, Cesena, Chievo, Como, Cremonese, Crotone, Empoli, Fiorentina, Foggia, Frosinone, Genoa, Hellas Verona, Internazionale, Juventus, Lazio, Lecce, Lecco, Legnano, Livorno, Lucchese, Mantova, Messina, Milan, Modena, Monza, Napoli, Novara, Padova, Palermo, Parma, Perugia, Pescara, Piacenza, Pisa, Pistoiese, Pro Patria, Reggiana, Reggina, Roma, Salernitana, Sampdoria, Sassuolo, Siena, SPAL, Spezia, Torino, Treviso, Triestina, Udinese, Varese, Venezia, Vicenza.
These are the only teams that have participated in Serie A but have not had at least one foreign player:
Casale, Pro Vercelli, Ternana.
In bold: Players still active in Serie A and their respective teams in the current season.

</doc>
<doc id="7044014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044014" title="William Archer Redmond">
William Archer Redmond



</doc>
<doc id="7044015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044015" title="A1 cars">
A1 cars



</doc>
<doc id="7044021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044021" title="Shah Commission">
Shah Commission

Shah Commission was a commission of inquiry appointed by Government of India in 1977 to inquire into all the excesses committed in the Indian Emergency (1975 - 77). It was headed by Justice J.C. Shah, a former chief Justice of India.
Background.
The Emergency of 25 June 1975 – 21 March 1977 was a 21-month period when President Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed, upon advice by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, declared a national emergency under Article 352 of the Constitution of India, effectively bestowing on her the power to rule by decree, suspending elections and civil liberties. It is one of the most controversial times in the history of independent India.
On 23 January 1977, Mrs Indira Gandhi called elections for March and released all political prisoners. In the elections held on 16–20 March 1977 Congress Party suffered a defeat at the hands of the Janata Party, which took office on 24 March 1977.
Process.
The government appointed the commission on 28 May 1977 under Section 3 of the Commissions of Inquiry Act, 1952.
The commission was to report by 31 December 1977, but was later given an extension to 30 June 1978.
Justice Shah was insistent that the commission should complete its work quickly rather than dragging on endlessly like other commissions.
He set a deadline of 3 July 1977 as the last date on which complaints could be filed.
Complaints were categorized, with some being investigated by commission staff and the more important ones being handled through open hearings.
Starting on 29 September 1977 the commission began hearing oral evidence of witnesses. 
In these hearings, where everyone testifying was allowed legal representation, the commission tried to follow much the same approach as a courtroom.
Many people gave evidence. Some people who were asked to give evidence declined, or after initial appearances refused to give further evidence. 
Indira Gandhi disputed the legality of the Commission and refused to file any statement.
Katherine Frank said in her biography of Indira Gandhi that the former prime minister was unwilling to cooperate during the deposition. 
J.C. Shah lost patience after three days of patient questioning and reprimanded her.
Indira Gandhi used the Shah commission as a forum to present herself as a victim of persecution, and this was reinforced when the government first arrested and then released her.
The Shah commission was later criticized for confusing investigation with inquiry.
It had issued notices requesting testimony on oath without telling the requested party what case they were being asked to meet. It was on this grounds that Indira Gandhi and Pranab Mukherjee refused to depose on oath, and this was the reason why a complaint for contempt by the commission was rejected by a magistrate.
Findings.
The commission published its report on the illegal events during the emergency and the persons responsible in three volumes totaling 525 pages.
The first interim report was submitted on 11 March 1978, dealing with the lead-up to the declaration of the Emergency and the way in which the press was prevented from speaking out. The second interim report discussed police actions and the role of Sanjay Gandhi at the Turkman Gate incident in which police fired on a crowd of people protesting against demolition of their houses. The final report was issued on 6 August 1978 and covered prison conditions, torture and family planning atrocities.
Concerning the circumstances in which the emergency was proclaimed, the commission found that there was no economic crisis and no crisis of law and order.
The commission decided that the decision to impose Emergency was made by prime minister Indira Gandhi alone, without consulting her cabinet colleagues, and was not justified. 
The report was particularly scathing of Indira Gandhi, her son Sanjay Gandhi, Pranab Mukherjee, Bansi Lal, Kamal Nath and officers belonging to civil services who helped Sanjay Gandhi.
The commission concluded that during the Emergency the provisions of the Maintenance of Internal Security Act and the Defence of India Rules were not followed but were abused in order to damage political opponents.
In Chapter XV of the 26 April 1978 Interim Report the Commission said: "The decision to arrest and release certain persons were entirely on political considerations which were intended to be favourable to the ruling party. Employing the police to the advantage of one party is a sure source of subverting the rule of law".
The report found that most Indian Administrative Service officers accepted orders even though they thought these orders were improper and had political motives. It said "Even the cream of the talent in the country in the administrative field often collapses at the slightest pressure". It described cases of IAS officers practicing "forging of records, fabrication of ground[s] of detention, ante-dating detention orders, and callous disregard of the rights of detainees as regards revocation, parole, etc." The overall picture is that the civil servants felt that they had to show loyalty to the party in power in order to advance their careers. 
The commission found that vagabonds and beggars were forced into sterilization clinics during the emergency by Youth Congress workers and the police. Auto-rickshaw drivers had to show a sterilization certificate to get their license renewed.
Results.
In May 1978, after the second interim report of the commission had been issued, some leaders of the Janata party began demanding that special courts be set up to ensure speedy trial of cases related to the emergency.
Parliament eventually passed an act establishing two special courts on 8 May 1979. However, it was too late.
The government fell on 16 July 1979. After Indira Gandhi returned to power in a landslide election victory in January 1980, the Supreme Court found that the special courts were not legally constituted, so no trials were conducted.
Several of the officials indicted by the Shah commission went on to have successful careers. On 23 June 1980, Indira Gandhi's son Sanjay Gandhi died in the plane crash.
As per Hewitt, Indira Gandhi attempted to recall copies of the report wherever possible. However, suppression was not successful. Era Sezhian, an Indian parliamentarian republished his copy of the report in a book form called "Shah Commission Report - Lost and Regained". A copy of the report of the commission is held by National Library of Australia.
In an interview with TV Eye in 1978, Indira Gandhi responded that the Shah commission had been biased and its findings were untrue. She defended her opinion on the grounds that Justice Shah had already spoken against many policies of her government including the nationalization of banks, and that much of the information regarding her perceived authoritativeness was untrue. She also claimed that there had been clear evidence of the danger of destabilization both from within India as well as from external agencies, which necessitated her writing to the President, asking for permission to impose a state of emergency. However, in an article in Frontline, A.G. Noorani contended that by 1970, the government had commenced trying to exert pressure on the courts to support the government's stance in various matters, and that Justice Shah had been against this.

</doc>
<doc id="7044022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044022" title="Shannen">
Shannen



</doc>
<doc id="7044029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044029" title="Phosphuga atrata">
Phosphuga atrata



</doc>
<doc id="7044039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044039" title="GCG">
GCG

GCG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7044042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044042" title="Basdai">
Basdai



</doc>
<doc id="7044045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044045" title="The Waun">
The Waun



</doc>
<doc id="7044046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044046" title="Crossing Continents">
Crossing Continents

Crossing Continents is a half-hour BBC Radio 4 documentary strand focusing on foreign affairs issues. It takes listeners right to the heart of story through its on-location reporting and feature making. The programmes are character driven and offer powerful storytelling and a deep understanding of the context in which events take place no matter where they are in the world. "Crossing Continents" is broadcast 28 times a year on Thursdays at 11:00, with repeats on Mondays at 20:30 and is available from the BBC as a podcast as well as on iPlayer and via on-demand.
"Crossing Continents" has received many awards including from the Foreign Press Association Awards; One World Media Awards; Amnesty International Awards and some Sony Awards. Its most recent success was Best Radio Award at the Amnesty International Awards 2016 for Stealing Innocence in Malawi reported by Ed Butler.

</doc>
<doc id="7044055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044055" title="BASAI">
BASAI



</doc>
<doc id="7044067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044067" title="Tarlac, Tarlac">
Tarlac, Tarlac



</doc>
<doc id="7044076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044076" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Guntur">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Guntur

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Guntur, Andhra Pradesh, India was created out of the Diocese of Nellore, 1940. Msgr Thomas Pothacamury was its First Bishop.
The present bishop of the diocese is the Most Rev. Bhagaiah Chinnabathini.
The cathedral of the Diocese is in Phirangipuram.
Parishes in Guntur Diocese.
A few of the parishes with thousands of the faithful followers of the Roman Catholic religion in Guntur Diocese:
Vijayapuri south

</doc>
<doc id="7044078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044078" title="Aaron Walter Hill">
Aaron Walter Hill



</doc>
<doc id="7044081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044081" title="Duffus Castle">
Duffus Castle

Duffus Castle, near Elgin, Moray, Scotland, was a motte-and-bailey castle and was in use from c. 1140 to 1705. During its occupation it underwent many alterations. The most fundamental was the destruction of the original wooden structure and its replacement with one of stone. At the time of its establishment, it was one of the most secure fortifications in Scotland. At the death of the 2nd Lord Duffus in 1705, the castle had become totally unsuitable as a dwelling and so was abandoned.
The wooden castle.
Oengus, Mormaer of Moray, led a rebellion against David I, King of Scots in 1130. After Oengus' defeat and death in battle, David installed Freskin, a nobleman probably of Flemish origin, as his chief agent in Moray, and he was probably the first to build a castle at Duffus.
Freskin’s background is uncertain. The consensus amongst historians is that he was of Flemish background, the principal argument being that "Freskin" is a Flemish name. Undoubtedly, King David, himself a Scoto-Norman monarch with extensive estates in northern England and Normandy, granted lands to many nobles from Flanders as well as Normans. The unlikely alternatives are that he may have been an Anglo-Saxon or a Scot who fought for King David and his English general Edward Siwardsson in Moray. At that time, when Flemish nobles were referred to in writs by nationality (almost never), they were styled "Flandrensis". Freskin appears in no contemporary sources, and was never referred to by his national origin. Regardless of his origin, by the 13th century his descendants were referring to themselves as 'de Moravia' ('of Moray') and had become one of the more powerful families in northern Scotland.
It was Freskin who built the great earthwork and timber motte-and-bailey castle in c. 1140 on boggy ground in the Laich of Moray. It was certainly in existence by the time the king came to visit in 1151. The motte was a man-made mound with steeply sloping sides and a wide and deep ditch that surrounded the base. Timber buildings would have stood on its flat top and would have been further protected by a wooden palisade placed around the edge of the summit. The motte was accessed from the bailey. This is a wide stretch of earth elevated above the surrounding area but not as high as the motte. At Duffus, the motte would have been reached by steps set into the mound. The bailey contained the buildings necessary to sustain its inhabitants – brew and bake houses, workshops and stables – as well as the living accommodation.
The castle may have been destroyed in 1297 during the First War of Scottish Independence, and it might have suffered further during King Robert the Bruce's campaign in Moray in 1306.
The stone castle.
In 1270, the castle passed into the ownership of Sir Reginald le Chen (d.1312) by marriage to the heiress Mary de Moravia, a descendant of Freskin. With the death of Reginald le Chen of Duffus in 1345, Duffus passed to his daughter Mariot who was married to Nicholas, the second son of Kenneth de Moravia, 4th Earl of Sutherland. The Sutherlands themselves were descended from Freskin and the castle remained in their possession until 1705 when it was abandoned.
In 1305, it was recorded that Reginald le Chen received a grant from King Edward I of England of 200 oaks from the royal forests of Longmorn and Darnaway "to build his manor of Dufhous", demonstrating that a large construction project was being carried out. The wood could have been needed for scaffolding, flooring and roofing of a new stone fortress. Alternatively, the stone structure, which dates from the early 14th century, could have been built by the younger Reginald.
A two-storey rectangular tower was built on the motte and was the main residence. The first floor held the lord's hall, with a latrine and bed chambers. The ground floor was the main storage space and also accommodated the lord's household. The tower was built as a defensive structure with a small number of narrow windows. There was only one entrance on the ground floor, which also housed a portcullis. On the second floor, two doors exited onto the walkway of the curtain wall. This wall enclosed the bailey. The putlog holes built into the curtain wall indicate the presence of a number of buildings. On the north side, a later building was erected that housed a kitchen, a great hall with a reception room and the great chamber bedroom. It is possible that this building was constructed by the Sutherlands. It is not known when the serious subsidence took place but there is evidence of repairs to the tower before it slid down the motte. The tower shows no further repairs and may have collapsed early on, but the newer hall became the main residence. This building shows continued alterations over time. In 1689, John Graham, 1st Viscount of Dundee was a guest of Lord Duffus just before the Battle of Killiecrankie, and would be one of the last important visitors before the castle's abandonment.

</doc>
<doc id="7044083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044083" title="Electrical system of the International Space Station">
Electrical system of the International Space Station

The electrical system of the International Space Station is a critical part of the International Space Station (ISS) as it allows the operation of essential life-support systems, safe operation of the station, operation of science equipment, as well as improving crew comfort. The ISS electrical system uses solar cells to directly convert sunlight to electricity. Large numbers of cells are assembled in arrays to produce high power levels. This method of harnessing solar power is called photovoltaics.
The process of collecting sunlight, converting it to electricity, and managing and distributing this electricity builds up excess heat that can damage spacecraft equipment. This heat must be eliminated for reliable operation of the space station in orbit. The ISS power system uses radiators to dissipate the heat away from the spacecraft. The radiators are shaded from sunlight and aligned toward the cold void of deep space.
Solar array wing.
Each ISS solar array wing (often abbreviated "SAW") consists of two retractable "blankets" of solar cells with a mast between them. Each wing is the largest ever deployed in space, weighing over 2,400 pounds and using nearly 33,000 solar arrays, each measuring 8-cm square with 4,100 diodes. When fully extended, each is in length and wide. Each SAW is capable of generating nearly 31 Kilowatts (kW) of direct current power. When retracted, each wing folds into a solar array blanket box just high and in length. 
Altogether, the eight solar array wings can generate about 240 kilowatts in direct sunlight, or about 84 to 120 kilowatts average power (cycling between sunlight and shade).
The solar arrays normally track the Sun, with the "alpha gimbal" used as the primary rotation to follow the Sun as the space station moves around the Earth, and the "beta gimbal" used to adjust for the angle of the space station's orbit to the ecliptic. Several different tracking modes are used in operations, ranging from full Sun-tracking, to the drag-reduction mode ("night glider" and "Sun slicer" modes), to a drag-maximization mode used to lower the altitude.
Over time, the photovoltaic cells on the wings have degraded gradually, having been designed for a 15-year service life. This is especially noticeable with the first arrays to launch, with the P6 and P4 Trusses in 2000 (STS-97) and 2006 (STS-115).
STS-117 delivered the S4 truss and solar arrays in 2007.
STS-119 (ISS assembly flight 15A) delivered the S6 truss along with the fourth set of solar arrays and batteries to the station during March 2009.
To augment the oldest wings, NASA launched three pairs of large-scale versions of the ISS Roll Out Solar Array (IROSA) aboard three SpaceX Dragon 2 cargo launches from early June 2021 to early June 2023, SpaceX CRS-22, CRS-26 and CRS-28. These arrays were deployed along the central part of the wings up to two thirds of its length. Work to install support brackets on the truss mast cans holding the Solar Array Wings was initiated by the crew members of Expedition 64 in late February 2021. After the first pair of arrays were delivered in early June, a spacewalk on 16 June by Shane Kimbrough and Thomas Pesquet of Expedition 65 to place one on the 2B power channel and mast can of the P6 truss ended early due to technical difficulties with the array's deployment.
The 20 June spacewalk saw the first successful deployment and connection to the station's power system. The 25 June spacewalk saw the astronauts successfully install and deploy the second on the 4B mast can opposite the first .
The next pair of panels were launched on 26 November 2022. Astronauts Josh Cassada and Frank Rubio of Expedition 68 installed each one on the 3A power channel and mast can on the S4 segment, and the 4A power channel and mast can on the P4 truss segments, on 3 and 22 December 2022, respectively.
The third pair of panels were launched on 5 June 2023. On 9 June, astronauts Steve Bowen and Warren Hoburg of Expedition 69 installed the fifth on the 1A power channel and mast can on the S4 truss segment. On 15 June, Bowen and Hoburg installed the sixth on the 1B power channel and mast can on the S6 truss segment.
The last pair of , the seventh and eighth, are planned to be installed on the 2A and 3B power channels on the P4 and S6 truss segments in 2025.
Batteries.
Since the station is often not in direct sunlight, it relies on rechargeable lithium-ion batteries (initially nickel-hydrogen batteries) to provide continuous power during the "eclipse" part of the orbit (35 minutes of every 90 minute orbit).
Each battery assembly, situated on the S4, P4, S6, and P6 Trusses, consists of 24 lightweight lithium-ion battery cells and associated electrical and mechanical equipment. Each battery assembly has a nameplate capacity of 110 Ah ( C) (originally 81 Ah) and . This power is fed to the ISS via the BCDU and DCSU respectively. 
The batteries ensure that the station is never without power to sustain life-support systems and experiments. During the sunlight part of the orbit, the batteries are recharged. The nickel-hydrogen batteries and the battery charge/discharge units were manufactured by Space Systems/Loral (SS/L), under contract to Boeing. Ni-H2 batteries on the P6 truss were replaced in 2009 and 2010 with more Ni-H2 batteries brought by Space Shuttle missions. The nickel-hydrogen batteries had a design life of 6.5 years and could exceed 38,000 charge/discharge cycles at 35% depth of discharge. They were replaced multiple times during the expected 30-year life of the station. Each battery measured and weighed .
From 2017 to 2021, the nickel-hydrogen batteries were replaced by lithium-ion batteries. On January 6, 2017, Expedition 50 members Shane Kimbrough and Peggy Whitson began the process of converting some of the oldest batteries on the ISS to the new lithium-ion batteries. Expedition 64 members Victor J. Glover and Michael S. Hopkins concluded the campaign on February 1, 2021. There are a number of differences between the two battery technologies. One difference is that the lithium-ion batteries can handle twice the charge, so only half as many lithium-ion batteries were needed during replacement. Also, the lithium-ion batteries are smaller than the older nickel-hydrogen batteries. Although Li-ion batteries typically have shorter lifetimes than Ni-H2 batteries as they cannot sustain as many charge/discharge cycles before suffering notable degradation, the ISS Li-ion batteries have been designed for 60,000 cycles and ten years of lifetime, much longer than the original Ni-H2 batteries' design life span of 6.5 years.
Power management and distribution.
The power management and distribution subsystem operates at a primary bus voltage set to "V"mp, the peak power point of the solar arrays. , "V"mp was 160 volts DC. It can change over time as the arrays degrade from ionizing radiation. Microprocessor-controlled switches control the distribution of primary power throughout the station.
The battery charge/discharge units (BCDUs) regulate the amount of charge put into the battery. Each BCDU can regulate discharge current from two battery ORUs (each with 38 series-connected Ni-H2 cells), and can provide up to 6.6 kW to the Space Station. During insolation, the BCDU provides charge current to the batteries and controls the amount of battery overcharge. Each day, the BCDU and batteries undergo sixteen charge/discharge cycles. The Space Station has 24 BCDUs, each weighing 100 kg. The BCDUs are provided by SS/L
Sequential shunt unit (SSU).
The design is same as the S3R Solar Array Regulator which was patented by European Space Agency -Inventor Alan H Weinberg and D O'Sullivan in 1974.
Eighty-two separate solar array strings feed a sequential shunt unit (SSU) that provides coarse voltage regulation at the desired "V"mp. The SSU applies a "dummy" (resistive) load that increases as the station's load decreases (and vice versa) so the array operates at a constant voltage and load. The SSUs are provided by SS/L.
DC-to-DC conversion.
DC-to-DC converter units supply the secondary power system at a constant 124.5 volts DC, allowing the primary bus voltage to track the peak power point of the solar arrays.
Uses the "Weinberg Converter" Topology invented by Alan H Weinberg which was published in an ESA conference paper in 1974.
Thermal control.
The thermal control system regulates the temperature of the main power distribution electronics and the batteries and associated control electronics. Details on this subsystem can be found in the article External Active Thermal Control System.
Station to shuttle power transfer system.
From 2007 the Station-to-Shuttle Power Transfer System (SSPTS; pronounced "spits") allowed a docked Space Shuttle to make use of power provided by the International Space Station's solar arrays. Use of this system reduced usage of a shuttle's on-board power-generating fuel cells, allowing it to stay docked to the space station for an additional four days.
SSPTS was a shuttle upgrade that replaced the Assembly Power Converter Unit (APCU) with a new device called the Power Transfer Unit (PTU). The APCU had the capacity to convert shuttle 28 VDC main bus power to 124 VDC compatible with ISS's 120 VDC power system. This was used in the initial construction of the space station to augment the power available from the Russian "Zvezda" service module. The PTU adds to this the capability to convert the 120 VDC supplied by the ISS to the orbiter's 28 VDC main bus power. It is capable of transferring up to 8 kW of power from the space station to the orbiter. With this upgrade both the shuttle and the ISS were able to use each other's power systems when needed, though the ISS never again required the use of an orbiter's power systems.
In December 2006, during mission STS-116, PMA-2 (then at the forward end of the "Destiny" module) was rewired to allow for the use of the SSPTS. The first mission to make actual use of the system was STS-118 with Space Shuttle "Endeavour". 
Only "Discovery" and "Endeavour" were equipped with the SSPTS. "Atlantis" was the only surviving shuttle not equipped with the SSPTS, so it could only go on shorter length missions than the rest of the fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="7044086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044086" title="Eu contest">
Eu contest



</doc>
<doc id="7044088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044088" title="Holly (name)">
Holly (name)

Holly is an English-language surname and given name. 
Holly is known as an English or Irish surname (variant "Holley") it is either locational, ultimately derived from the Old English "hol lēah" "[dwelling by] the clearing by the hollow", or descriptive, from "hol-ēage" "hollow-eyed". In Ireland, it was also used as a translation of the name Mac Cuilinn, which is derived from "cuileann", the Gaelic name of the holly tree, and by extension sometimes of the similar-sounding McQuillan surname of Ulster. The masculine names "Holly, Hollie" were derived from the surname, but have mostly fallen out of use since the mid 20th century due to the rise in popularity of the feminine name. "Hollis" is an English surname derived from a Middle English "holis" "[dwelling by] holly trees"; it was also used as a masculine given name.
"Holly" (variants "Hollie", "Holley") was first used as a feminine given name in the 20th century, as a "botanical" name given to girls, in reference to, or at least secondarily associated with, the holly tree. While the feminine name is on record in the United States since the 1930s, its surge in popularity was due to Holly Golightly, the socialite protagonist in Truman Capote's "Breakfast at Tiffany's" (1958), which was made into a film starring Audrey Hepburn in 1961. The name of this character is stated to be short for "Holiday" (rather than a reference to the plant).
The name peaked in popularity in the United States in the 1970s and 1980s, and has declined since, ranking at No. 449th place in the United States as of 2023. It was popularly given in England and Wales during the 2000s, staying in the top 30 girls' names throughout 1996 to 2012, with a peak at rank No. 12 in 2002 (and dropping to rank No. 135 as of 2023). A tendency to give the name to girls born on or near Christmas has also been observed. It has been the most popular name given to girls in Ireland who were born on Christmas Day and has also been more popular for girls there born in December than at other times of the year. More recent eccentric spellings of the feminine name include "Holli" (1970s), "Holleigh", "Hollee", and "Hollye".

</doc>
<doc id="7044089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044089" title="Purdue grand prix">
Purdue grand prix



</doc>
<doc id="7044091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044091" title="European Environmental Bureau">
European Environmental Bureau

The European Environmental Bureau (EEB) is a network of around 180 environmental citizens' organisations based in more than 40 countries, representing local, national, European, and international groups in European Union Member States and some accession and neighbouring countries. It plays a prominent role in defending and promoting environmental interests and legislation at the different EU institutions.
History.
Before the first Environmental Action Plan was adopted by the European Community, environmental NGOs from Europe met in the United Kingdom, together with the European Commission, the UNECE, the UNEP and the IUCN. During the meeting, the creation of a federation of non-governmental organizations within the European Community was proposed, which later become an information clearinghouse for the EC countries.
In order to give its members a central location to follow and respond to the developing environmental policy of the EU, the EEB headquarters was established in Brussels in 1974.
In 1998, the EEB led the issue group on public participation of the pan-European coalition on environmental citizens' organizations, later named as European ECO Forum, which was closely involved in the negotiating phase of the UNECE Aarhus Convention.
By 2013, it was considered as one of the seven core environmental organizations in Europe, together with Friends of the Earth Europe (FFoE), Greenpeace International, the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF), the Climate Network Europe (CAN-E), the European Federation for Transport and Environment (T&amp;E), and BirdLife International.
EU political institutions had a large role in the formation and maintenance of Brussel-based umbrella- and federation type groups representing EU civil society, through direct funding relationships (estimated around 80 per cent in 2005) from the Union budget, and by virtue of an early preference of the Commission for engaging only with EU level groups.
Activities.
The EEB has an information service, runs working groups with its members, produces position papers on topics that are, or EEB feels should be, on the EU agenda, and represents its members in discussions with the European Commission, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU. It closely coordinates EU-oriented activities with members at national level, and also closely follows the EU enlargement process and some pan-European issues such as follow-up to the Aarhus Convention (the UNECE 'Convention on Access to Information, Public Participation in Decision-making and Access to Justice in Environmental Matters').
The organisation has consultative status at, and relations with: the Council of Europe, the European Commission, the European Parliament, the Economic and Social Committee of the European Union, the OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development), and the United Nation Commission on Sustainable Development (CSD).
Membership network.
Environmental organisations in candidate countries (those applying to join the EU) and, increasingly, in the Western Balkans, regard the EEB as their main partner with a European focus. The EEB's experience, relationships and position are of great value to these states in determining their own role in processes related to EU enlargement and the environment. Owing to the EEB's proactive involvement, its members from New Member States and those aspiring to join the EU are already numerous and are increasing.
Campaigns.
In November 2004, working with the Ban Mercury Working Group, EEB launched the Zero Mercury campaign, whose ultimate goal is to achieve zero emissions, demand and supply of mercury, from all sources we can control, to reduce global environmental mercury levels to a minimum. An international Zero Mercury Working Group was created to follow up developments at European and global level.
Since the beginning of 2011, EEB has been coordinating the Coolproducts campaign aiming at unleashing the energy savings potential of energy-related products.

</doc>
<doc id="7044093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044093" title="Aaron Hill (disambiguation)">
Aaron Hill (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7044096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044096" title="Benjamin Adekunle">
Benjamin Adekunle

Benjamin Adesanya Maja Adekunle (26 June 1936 – 13 September 2014) was a Nigerian military officer and prominent military figure during the Nigerian Civil War.
Early life and background.
Adekunle was born in Kaduna. His father was a native of Ogbomosho, while his mother was of the Bachama ethnicity. He underwent secondary education at the Government College, Okene (now known as Abdul Aziz Atta Memorial College, Okene, in present-day Kogi State). He enlisted in the Nigerian Army in 1958 shortly after completing his school certificate examinations. He passed the army selection examinations and thereafter was despatched to the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in the UK, the British Army's initial officer entry academy. He was commissioned 2nd Lieutenant on December 15, 1960. As a platoon commander, he served in Kasai Province of Congo with the 1st Battalion, Queen's Own Nigeria Regiment during his first ONUC UN peace keeping tour of duty. In 1962, Lt. Adekunle became Aide-de-Camp to the governor of the eastern region, Sir Akanu Ibiam. The following year, as a captain, he was posted back to the Congo as Staff Captain (A) to the Nigerian Brigade HQ at Luluabourg - under Brigadier Babafemi Ogundipe. In 1964, Major Adekunle attended the Defence Services Staff College at Wellington, in India. When he returned he was briefly appointed Adjutant General at the Army Headquarters in May 1965 to replace Lt. Col. Yakubu Gowon, who was proceeding on a course outside the country. However, he later handed over the position to Lt. Col. James Pam and was posted back to his old Battalion (1st Battalion) in Enugu as a Company Commander.
Nigerian Civil War.
Adekunle later assumed command of the Lagos Garrison as a substantive Lt. Col. When the Nigerian Civil War erupted in July 1967, Adekunle was tasked to lead elements which included two new battalions (7th and 8th) - to conduct the historic sea borne assault on Bonny in the Bight of Benin on 26 July 1968 (carried out by Major Isaac Adaka Boro's unit). This happened after the federal government gained confidence of most south western ethnic groups as a direct result of Biafran push to mid-west state and probe into Western region. Adekunle was promoted to colonel after the Bonny landing.
The 6th (under Major Jalo) and 8th (under Major Ochefu) battalions of the Lagos Garrison subsequently took part in operations to liberate the Midwest following the Biafran invasion of August 1967. The 7th (under Major Abubakar) stayed behind to hold Bonny. Because Major Jalo's Unit was seconded to Lt. Col. Murtala Mohammed's 2nd Division, Adekunle was left with only the 8th Battalion at Escravos. He, therefore, protested to Army HQ and got the Lagos garrison upgraded to Brigade status through the creation of the 31 and 32 Battalions (under Majors Aliyu and Hamman, respectively). This formation, combined with elements of the Lagos garrison along the eastern seaboard, was officially designated the 3 Infantry Division. However, Colonel Adekunle did not think the name "3 Infantry Division" was sensational enough nor did it project the nature of the unique terrain in which his men had to fight. Therefore, without formal approval from Army HQ, he renamed it the " 3 Marine Commando (3MCDO)." The "Black Scorpion" as he came to be known, was easily the most controversial, celebrated and mythologized figure in the war of attrition that laid the foundations for Nigeria's contemporary crisis; and threw a wedge into the national fabric. Benjamin "Adekunle's boys including Godwin Alabi-Isama who then is his Chief of Staff, seized Escravos, Burutu, Urhonigbe, Owa and Aladima. They captured Bomadi and Patani, Youngtown, Koko, Sapele, Ajagbodudu, Warri, Ughelli, Orerokpe, Umutu and Itagba".
Role after the civil war.
Benjamin Adekunle was promoted to Brigadier in 1972. After the war Adekunle was put in charge of decongesting the Lagos port that was having a chronic problem of clearing imported goods. He held this position until being compulsorily retired on 20 August 1974.
He attributed his problems during and after the war to his rivals in the army. In various interviews, he said there was always a rumor of coup linked to him until the army authority felt the concern to do something about it. He had large followings in both the army and public at large and was the most popular military commander during the war, apart from Obasanjo, who succeeded him and brought the war to an end with the same 3MC.
Adekunle led the Third Marine Commando Division with such great panache and determination that the foreign media, in looking for a human angle on the Biafran war, found him a ready source of news.
He died on 13 September 2014 and was buried in the Vaults and Gardens, Ikoyi, Lagos

</doc>
<doc id="7044099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044099" title="12&quot; Mixes (Bananarama EP)">
12&quot; Mixes (Bananarama EP)



</doc>
<doc id="7044103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044103" title="Theorem of the cube">
Theorem of the cube

In mathematics, the theorem of the cube is a condition for a line bundle over a product of three complete varieties to be trivial. It was a principle discovered, in the context of linear equivalence, by the Italian school of algebraic geometry. The final version of the theorem of the cube was first published by , who credited it to André Weil. A discussion of the history has been given by . A treatment by means of sheaf cohomology, and description in terms of the Picard functor, was given 
by .
Statement.
The theorem states that for any complete varieties "U", "V" and "W" over an algebraically closed field, and given points "u", "v" and "w" on them, any invertible sheaf "L" which has a trivial restriction to each of "U"× "V" × {"w"}, "U"× {"v"} × "W", and {"u"} × "V" × "W", is itself trivial. (Mumford p. 55; the result there is slightly stronger, in that one of the varieties need not be complete and can be replaced by a connected scheme.) 
Special cases.
On a ringed space "X", an invertible sheaf "L" is "trivial" if isomorphic to "O", as an "O"-module. If the base "X" is a complex manifold, then an invertible sheaf is (the sheaf of sections of) a holomorphic line bundle, and trivial means holomorphically equivalent to a trivial bundle, not just topologically equivalent.
Restatement using biextensions.
Weil's result has been restated in terms of biextensions, a concept now generally used in the duality theory of abelian varieties.
Theorem of the square.
The theorem of the square is a corollary (also due to Weil) applying to an abelian variety "A". One version of it states that the function φ taking "x"∈"A" to "T""L"⊗"L" is a group homomorphism from "A" to "Pic"("A") (where "T" is translation by "x" on line bundles).

</doc>
<doc id="7044107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044107" title="Packt Like Sardines in a Crushd Tin Box">
Packt Like Sardines in a Crushd Tin Box



</doc>
<doc id="7044108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044108" title="Theorem of the square">
Theorem of the square



</doc>
<doc id="7044119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044119" title="Elif safak">
Elif safak



</doc>
<doc id="7044123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044123" title="Peter Petrasuk">
Peter Petrasuk

Peter Petrasuk (July 12, 1926 – April 11, 2016) was a Canadian businessman, former lawyer, and former politician. Petrasuk changed his name to Peter Peterson following his criminal conviction.
Early life.
Born in Ukraine in 1926, Petrasuk came to Canada when his family immigrated in 1931. The family settled at first in Calgary, Alberta, but moved in 1941 to Rosebud, Alberta, where they operated a local hotel.
Petrasuk graduated from the University of Alberta with a Bachelor of Science in engineering before being hired by the city of Maracaibo, Venezuela as the head of planning, development, and management of the city's utility system. He later returned to Canada and graduated from the University of British Columbia with a law degree in 1958. Petrasuk articled for Merv Leitch and was admitted to the Bar in Alberta on June 16, 1959. He moved to Calgary and in 1966 was elected to Calgary City Council, remaining there until 1974. Petrasuk unsuccessfully contested the office of Mayor of Calgary in 1974, 1977 and 1980. Petrasuk also contested the 1968 Canadian federal election as a Liberal candidate in Calgary North.
Disbarment.
In 1981, Petrasuk pleaded guilty to twelve counts of theft and breach of trust under the "Criminal Code" after stealing almost $1-million from clients of his law practice, including his own mother. He was sentenced to ten years in the Bowden Institution, a federal penitentiary in central Alberta. Petrasuk was paroled in 1987, but had his parole revoked in 1990 due to helping two inmates who escaped from Drumheller prison. Compensation claims related to Petrasuk's actions depleted the Law Society of Alberta's assurance fund and totaled $3.9-million, requiring lawyers in the province to pay $1,000 each to top up the fund. Petrasuk was disbarred on February 6, 1982.
Petrasuk died on April 11, 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="7044125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044125" title="Minoo Masani">
Minoo Masani

Minocher Rustom "Minoo" Masani (20 November 1905 – 27 May 1998) was an Indian politician, a leading figure of the erstwhile Swatantra Party. He was a three-time Member of Parliament, representing Gujarat's Rajkot constituency in the second, third and fourth Lok Sabha. A Parsi, he was among the founders of the Indian Liberal Group think tank that promoted classical liberalism.
He served as a member of the Constituent Assembly of India, representing the Indian National Congress. His proposal for a uniform civil code to be included in the Constitution of India in 1947 was rejected.
His public life began in the Mumbai Municipal Corporation, where he was elected as Mayor in 1943. He also became a member of the Indian Legislative Assembly. In August 1960, he along with C. Rajagopalachari and N. G. Ranga formed the Swatantra Party, while international Communism was at its peak.
He died, aged 92, in his home at Breach Candy, Mumbai. His funeral was held at Chandanwadi.
Early life.
Minocher (Minoo) Rustom Masani was born to Sir Rustom Masani who was a municipal commissioner of erstwhile Bombay and Vice chancellor of Bombay University. Masani was educated in Bombay before he moved to London where he studied at the London School of Economics and he obtained his bachelor's degree in law before training as a barrister at the Lincoln's Inn in 1928.
Political life.
He began his professional life as an advocate at the Bombay High Court in 1929 before joining the Indian independence movement the following year, during the civil disobedience campaign. He was arrested several times by British for his participation in the movement. He was in the Nashik jail in 1932 when Jayaprakash Narayan came in contact with him and they launched the Congress Socialist Party in 1934 together. He participated in the Quit India Movement in 1942 and was jailed again. After his jail term was over he entered legislative politics, He got elected mayor of Bombay Municipal Corporation. Masani was a close friend of Jawaharlal Nehru.
He also became a member of the Indian Legislative Assembly.
After Stalin's Great Purge and takeover of Eastern Europe, Masani moved away from Socialism and became a supporter of free market economics. Post-independence, Masani's political convictions propelled him to support "democratic socialism" in India as it "avoided monopoly, private or public". He withdrew from politics for a while. He was India's representative to UN Sub-Commission on Minorities. He did not see eye to eye with the Nehru government on USSR's treatment of minorities, so he was withdrawn from the commission and appointed as Indian Ambassador to Brazil in May 1948 for one year. After his stint in Brazil, He returned to India and became the chef de cabinet to the Chairman of Tata group J.R.D Tata. In 1950 he founded 'Freedom First', a monthly magazine in cause of liberal policy and politics. He went back to electoral politics and got elected to Loksabha in 1957 from Ranchi as an independent candidate. In 1959 he founded Swatantra Party along with C Rajagopalachari. He won a by election from Rajkot as a Swatantra party candidate. He represented Rajkot until 1971. He was one of the few politicians who opposed the nationalisation of banks by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. Swatantra's party was India's single-largest opposition party in Parliament and Masani being its leader in Loksabha, initiated debate on finance bills and forced the Congress government to work rigorously. He also headed the PAC. A collection of his speeches were published as "Congress Misrule and Swatantra Alternative". In 1971 general elections Swatantra party did not perform well and he resigned the position of the party president.
After 1971 he kept writing and editing his magazine "Freedom First". This put him against the Congress Government when the government issued a censorship order on the magazine. He fought the order in court and won.
Personal life.
Masani married four times. His first wife was English and the marriage ended in divorce. His second marriage also ended in divorce. Minoo met Shakuntala Srivastava the daughter of Jwala Prasad Srivastava, an influential British loyalist during the Quit India movement. They married despite opposition from their respective families. They had a son Zareer Masani. This marriage too ended in divorce in 1989.
Works.
Masani was also an author and has written many books. His first book, "Our India", was a best seller and even a prescribed text book in pre-independence India.

</doc>
<doc id="7044129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044129" title="Information Communication Technology">
Information Communication Technology



</doc>
<doc id="7044130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044130" title="Ramón María Narváez y Campos, Duke of Valencia">
Ramón María Narváez y Campos, Duke of Valencia



</doc>
<doc id="7044137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044137" title="MX entry">
MX entry



</doc>
<doc id="7044144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044144" title="Tizzle Sisters">
Tizzle Sisters



</doc>
<doc id="7044147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044147" title="Goree Independent School District">
Goree Independent School District

Goree Independent School District was a public school district based in Goree, Texas (USA).
The district consisted of a single campus - Goree School - that served students in grades pre-kindergarten through twelve. It was located in southeastern Knox County and extended into northeastern Haskell and northwestern Throckmorton counties.
Goree School was the 1972 and 1973 Texas eight-man football state champions. The eight-man title was contested for only four years (1972 through 1975); thus, Goree won 50 percent of the titles.
District enrollment (1989-2003).
The ethnic composition of students in the 2002-2003 school year was 34 Hispanic (72%), 9 White (19%), and 4 African American (9%). Of the 47 students, 45 (95.7%) were considered economically disadvantaged.
Student performance.
Goree ISD's performance on the Texas Assessment of Academic Skills (TAAS), a state standardized test used from 1991 to 2003, generally met state standards. The district was rated "academically acceptable" from 1994 to 2002. In its final year, 2002-2003, Goree received an "academically unacceptable" rating due to a low passing rate on the Social Studies portion of the test.
Consolidation.
The district, faced with a rapidly declining enrollment, held a vote on November 5, 2002 on whether or not to merge with the larger Munday Independent School District. In order for the proposal to pass, voters in both Goree and Munday had to approve the plan.
In Goree, 84 voted for consolidation (83.2%) while 17 voted against it (16.8%). Munday voters approved the plan by a margin of 446–30 (93.7%–6.3%).
On July 1, 2003, the merger took effect, creating the Munday Consolidated Independent School District. When classes resumed in August, the Goree campus became Munday Junior High School, serving the district's seventh and eighth graders.

</doc>
<doc id="7044149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044149" title="Daniel Ross">
Daniel Ross

Daniel, Danny, Dan, named Ross may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7044155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044155" title="Goree ISD">
Goree ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7044156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044156" title="Samuel R. Delaney">
Samuel R. Delaney



</doc>
<doc id="7044158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044158" title="Blood system">
Blood system



</doc>
<doc id="7044165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044165" title="Renovated theatre singer">
Renovated theatre singer



</doc>
<doc id="7044166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044166" title="Pattingham">
Pattingham

Pattingham is a village and former civil parish, now in the parish of Pattingham and Patshull, in the South Staffordshire district, in the county of Staffordshire, England, near the county boundary with Shropshire. Pattingham is seven miles west of Wolverhampton and seven and a half miles east of Bridgnorth. In 2021 it had a population of 1773.
Description.
Pattingham was originally a farming community but expanded housing in the mid- to late-20th century has led to it becoming a dormitory village for West Midlands conurbation. 
The village centre has a parish church and primary school (both St Chad's), a village hall, and several shops. It has also two public houses and a working men's club.
The oldest extant portion of St Chad's Church dates from the late 12th century. The church was rebuilt in the mid-17th century following a devastating fire. George Gilbert Scott extensively remodelled the church in the late 19th century.
Pattingham House was designed by William Baker of Audlem around 1760, and was formerly known as The Torque House after an Iron Age gold torc which was discovered in the grounds.
A mile outside Pattingham is Rudge Hall, a Grade II listed house, which belonged to the Wight-Boycott family during the 19th century.
Many of the more modern houses in the village were designed by Richard Hughes, a late 19th-century architect who was inspired by the works of Thomas Telford and William Morris.
The village is served by National Express bus service 10A which operates approximately every 30 minutes to Perton and Wolverhampton Mon-Fri while Arriva Midlands operates the bus service 9 along Bridgnorth Road (A454) approximately hourly between Bridgnorth and Wolverhampton via Compton Monday-Saturday. 
One Interesting fact about the village is that it is rumoured that the creator of the animal excrement disposal container (dog faeces bag), Clive Bookman, came up with the invention after walking through the village's park and noticing the excess excrement, whilst out walking his elderly mother.
In 1961 the parish had a population of 1382. On 1 April 1986 the parish was abolished and merged with Patshull to form "Pattingham and Patshull".

</doc>
<doc id="7044167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044167" title="Celebrity Skin (magazine)">
Celebrity Skin (magazine)

Celebrity Skin is a pornographic magazine which specializes in showcasing images, either photographs or movie and TV screencaps, of nude or semi-nude celebrities. It is not to be confused with its rival "Celebrity Sleuth". The magazine has ceased publication.
Origin.
"Celebrity Skin" was a spin-off publication of "High Society" magazine first published in 1986. Editor Gloria Leonard is credited with the idea to first publish revealing or scandalous images of celebrities in the magazine. The success and increased sales of issues with "celebrity skin" led to the new publication.
Lawsuits.
Over the course of its run, Margot Kidder, Ann-Margret and Barbra Streisand unsuccessfully attempted to sue the magazine after it published nude photos of them.
Jennifer Aniston.
The September 1999 issue of "Celebrity Skin" contained photographs of Jennifer Aniston sunbathing topless in her back garden. The photographs also appeared in the December 1999 issues of "High Society" and "Celebrity Sleuth". The April 1999 issues of the Italian magazine "Eva Tremila" and the British newspaper, the "Daily Sport" carried the pictures, as well as the May 31–June 6 issue of the French publication "Voici". Aniston filed a lawsuit against Francois Naverre, who took the photos in February 1999. Aniston also filed suit against Man's World Publications and Crescent Publishing Group for publishing the photos.
Crescent was charged by the United States government in 2000 with illegally billing for website access that was advertised as "free", and for billing others who had never visited the websites. The websites included www.playgirl.com and www.highsociety.com.

</doc>
<doc id="7044176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044176" title="Eric I of Norway">
Eric I of Norway



</doc>
<doc id="7044178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044178" title="Shenendoah bluegrass">
Shenendoah bluegrass



</doc>
<doc id="7044180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044180" title="Burn to Shine (DVD series)">
Burn to Shine (DVD series)

Burn to Shine is a series of films created by Trixie Film starting in 2004. The company is a collaboration between filmmaker Christoph Green and ex-Fugazi drummer Brendan Canty. The filmmakers select a house that is set to be demolished in a certain city and ask a member of a local band to curate the event. In one day they shoot all of the selected bands giving each band an hour to set up and perform with no overdubs or corrections. They document the house's history and subsequent demolition, creating bookends for the performances on the release. As of August 2017, six volumes have been recorded.
Screenings.
On March 2, 2016, Matador Records announced volume six, shot in Atlanta, would be screened as part of an Algiers tour.
Series information.
Volume 1: Washington, D.C. 01.14.2004.
Curated by: Brendan Canty
Volume 2: Chicago, IL 09.13.2004.
Curated by: Bob Weston
Volume 3: Portland, OR 06.15.2005.
Curated by: Chris Funk
Volume 4: Louisville, KY.
Curated by: William Benton of Lucky Pineapple. 
Volume 5: Seattle, WA 01.27.2007.
Curated by: Benjamin Gibbard
Volume 6: Atlanta, GA July 29, 2007.
Curated by: Lee Tesche of Algiers. Released online April 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="7044182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044182" title="Edward O Thorp">
Edward O Thorp



</doc>
<doc id="7044185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044185" title="Love's Theme">
Love's Theme

"Love's Theme" is an instrumental piece written by Barry White in 1965 but recorded and released as a single by White's Love Unlimited Orchestra in late 1973. It was one of the few instrumental and purely orchestral singles to reach #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the United States, which it did in early 1974. "Billboard" ranked it as #3 on the Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1974. Over the years, Love’s Theme became one of the best-selling pop instrumentals of all time.
The song was included on two albums: 1973's "Under the Influence of... Love Unlimited" (by the vocal group Love Unlimited) and 1974's "Rhapsody in White" by the Love Unlimited Orchestra. Love Unlimited would re-release the song for their subsequent album, "In Heat" (1974), only this time with different orchestral arrangements and lyrics written by Aaron Schroeder.
The recording (with a large string orchestra, modified guitar and big rhythm section) is considered to be an influence on the disco sound, which would increase in popularity the following year. The song was also popular on the Adult Contemporary chart in the United States, spending two weeks at #1, and was also a #1 on the "Cash Box" chart. For several years, a shortened version of the original instrumental release was used in the opening sequence of the television golf "PGA Tour on ABC" broadcasting program.
In Canada, the single was similarly successful, being a #1 on the "RPM 100" National Singles Chart on March 2, 1974. "Love's Theme" was sampled by the Italian group Black Box in their 1989 song "Ride on Time".
In 1975–76, WPIX-TV in New York would end its 10:00pm broadcast of "Harper News" (later "Action News") with "Love's Theme".
It was also used as the boarding music for Cathay Pacific during the 1980s and as the theme song of the Brazilian soap opera "Celebridade".
Since 2000, it has been the theme song for the Italian talk show "".
The 2024 PBS series "Disco: Soundtrack of a Revolution" explores the importance of "Love's Theme" to the history of disco music.

</doc>
<doc id="7044187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044187" title="Pentax MZ-S">
Pentax MZ-S

The Pentax MZ-S is a 35mm single-lens reflex camera from Pentax of Japan. It was introduced in 2001 
and discontinued in February 2006. 
It is closely related to the prototype MZ-D Full-frame digital SLR, which never entered production.
It was the top-of-the-line model of Pentax's MZ/ZX series and replaced the PZ-1p as the high-end Pentax camera. 
No camera was produced to replace the MZ-S, making it Pentax's last high-end 35 mm camera. The MZ-S is the last film camera from Pentax that was manufactured in Japan.
Design.
The MZ-S was a "clean sheet of paper" design that re-thought most aspects of Pentax's camera interface and appearance.
Design goals included simpler operation, small size and light weight without sacrificing the sophisticated features required to be competitive. The MZ-S design returned to a more conventional one compared to the PZ-1p; the shoe for external flash and accessories returned to the top of the pentaprism housing, instead of the unusual right-handgrip position used on the older camera. The status LCD moved from atop the pentaprism to the top of the camera's right shoulder, like many competing designs. However, instead of a flat camera top, the Pentax designers angled the top plate towards the user at a 30° angle for easier viewing.
The camera featured an autofocus system based on six linear CCD sensors, on-film data recording and an MTF autoexposure mode which chooses the aperture for maximum sharpness.

</doc>
<doc id="7044188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044188" title="Suhasini Raj">
Suhasini Raj

Suhasini Raj is a journalist based in India. At Cobrapost she conducted Operation Duryodhana, aired on Aaj Tak news channel in India on 12 December 2005, wherein she bribed eleven members of the Indian Parliament to ask questions in Parliament that were ostensibly meant to be lobbying for small scale industries. Currently she works with the south Asia bureau of "The New York Times" in Delhi.
On October 18, 2018, Suhasini Raj attempted to visit the Sabarimala which is a famous Ayyappa pilgrim centre located in Kerala. It was following the Supreme Court verdict to allow entry of all women to Sabarimala irrespective of age. However devotees stopped her midway with prayer chants as it was against Sabarimala tradition for ladies between 10 and 50 years of age to enter Sabarimala, and she was escorted back down hill. She alleged that the protesters manhandled her and pelted her with stones. She is facing online abuse and threats ever since the incident.

</doc>
<doc id="7044196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044196" title="Politics of the Glasgow City council area">
Politics of the Glasgow City council area



</doc>
<doc id="7044198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044198" title="Rome (TV series) production">
Rome (TV series) production



</doc>
<doc id="7044199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044199" title="YLC-15 Radar">
YLC-15 Radar

YLC-15 is a fully coherent, Pulse Doppler air defence radar of Chinese origin. It is designed primarily to detect targets at ranges of up to 16 km. It also provides the capability to identify hovering helicopters or low altitude cruise missiles.
The YLC-15 radar features compact size, and light weight. Except for the antenna and pedestal, the radar can be broken down into three sections each no more than 30 kg, can be mounted on any vehicles, which enable it especially suitable for small arm missions in the battlefield. The YLC-15 also exhibits outstanding performance in power consumption and reliability. Its target detection and ECCM capabilities considerably extend its operation in a severe battlefield environment. The radar has been shown mounted on the BJ212/BJ2020 jeep and its equivalent.
The manufacturer of the system is Nanjing Research Institute of Electronics Technology (NRIET) / Nanjing Institute No. 1 / 南京电子技术研究所.

</doc>
<doc id="7044200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044200" title="Anthony Bonanno">
Anthony Bonanno

Anthony Bonanno is a Maltese archaeologist based at the University of Malta who has published several books about the archaeology of the Maltese Islands. He was born on 4 June 1947 in the city of Żejtun. He has been on various boards and committees, including the Planning Authority, Heritage Malta and the Scientific Committee for the Conservation of the Megalithic Temples.

</doc>
<doc id="7044207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044207" title="Eddie Sauter">
Eddie Sauter

Edward Ernest Sauter (December 2, 1914 – April 21, 1981) was an American composer and arranger during the swing era.
Biography.
Sauter studied music at Columbia University and the Juilliard School. He began as a drummer and then played trumpet professionally, including with Red Norvo's orchestra. Eventually he became a full-time arranger for Norvo. He arranged and composed for Artie Shaw, Tommy Dorsey, Woody Herman, and especially Benny Goodman, earning a reputation for intricate work such as "Benny Rides Again", "Moonlight on the Ganges", and "Clarinet a la King". A bout of tuberculosis contracted in 1942, however, forced a stay at the Summit Park Sanatorium in Pomona, New York, and stalled his musical career for some time. 
From 1952 to 1958, Sauter was co-leader of the Sauter-Finegan Orchestra. Between 1957 and 1959, he was Kurt Edelhagen's successor as leader of the SWF orchestra in Baden-Baden, Germany. In 1961, he worked with tenor saxophonist Stan Getz on the album "Focus", a collaboration for which Sauter at Getz's commission wrote a suite of string compositions without primary melodies. This allowed Getz to improvise them in his customary style. Roy Haynes, the jazz drummer, appeared on "I'm Late, I'm Late", the only selection to use a non-string instrument other than Getz.
Sauter and Getz collaborated again during Sauter's work composing the score for the film "Mickey One" (1965), which starred Warren Beatty. Sauter's television composing includes the third season theme to Rod Serling's "Night Gallery". In 2003, Sauter was inducted into the Big Band and Jazz Hall of Fame.
Although Sauter is best known for jazz, he also orchestrated Broadway musicals such as "1776", "The Apple Tree", and "It's a Bird...It's a Plane...It's Superman". Orchestrator Jonathan Tunick said of Sauter's Broadway work: "Eddie did these marvelous things, always theatrical, always effective. And completely unlike anybody else." His composition "World Without Time" is used as the theme music for the public affairs show "The Open Mind", originally hosted by Richard Heffner.
Death.
Sauter died of a heart attack in Nyack, New York, on April 21, 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="7044211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044211" title="Einstein (Farscape)">
Einstein (Farscape)



</doc>
<doc id="7044212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044212" title="Three Fires confederacy">
Three Fires confederacy



</doc>
<doc id="7044219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044219" title="Barry White &amp; Love Unlimited Orchestra">
Barry White &amp; Love Unlimited Orchestra



</doc>
<doc id="7044222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044222" title="Italia Line">
Italia Line



</doc>
<doc id="7044228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044228" title="Harry Waxman">
Harry Waxman

Harry Waxman, B.S.C. (3 April 1912 – 24 December 1984) was an English cinematographer.
Born in London, Waxman won an award from the British Society of Cinematographers for "Sapphire" in 1959. His other films included "Brighton Rock" (1947), "Swiss Family Robinson" (1960), "The Day the Earth Caught Fire" (1961), "Crooks in Cloisters" (1964), "The Nanny" (1965), "The Anniversary" (1968), and "The Wicker Man" (1973). His work on "Robbery Under Arms" is one of the few aspects of that film that has been universally praised.
Waxman served as a cinematographer in the RAF film unit during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="7044231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044231" title="East Rancho Dominguez">
East Rancho Dominguez



</doc>
<doc id="7044232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044232" title="Millbrook Proving Ground">
Millbrook Proving Ground

Millbrook Proving Ground is an English vehicle testing centre located at Millbrook, Bedfordshire. One of the largest vehicle testing centres in Europe, it is near to the M1 and Bedford.
History.
Modelled on the Milford Proving Ground operated by General Motors (GM) in Michigan, Millbrook was opened in the 1960s by the GM subsidiary Bedford before passing over to Vauxhall. Due to the geographical needs of a full testing centre, including both hills and flat land, the traditional choice of a former Royal Air Force airfield was ruled out and many sites around the UK were surveyed before the location at Millbrook was decided upon, especially due to having the benefit of being close to Vauxhall's production site at Luton.
Construction of the Proving Ground began in 1968, and once the facility opened in 1970 it acted as the testing site for many European GM models from, among others, the Vauxhall and Bedford companies.
With Bedford withdrawing from the bus and truck markets in December 1986, Millbrook was put up for sale by GM. In 1988 the site was transferred to a new company, Millbrook Proving Ground Limited as part of Lotus and offered its facilities to non-GM companies. With the sale of Lotus in 1993 Millbrook was transferred to GM Holdings UK Limited, as an independently managed company which diversified into all aspects of vehicle testing including emission control. In October 2013, the proving ground was purchased by Rutland Partners. In September 2016 it was sold to Spectris. In December 2020 it was announced that Millbrook would be divested from the Spectris portfolio of companies and acquired by UTAC CERAM for £133 million. The divestment was completed on the 2 February 2021.
Current facilities.
The centre provides vehicle test and development facilities including:
These are staffed by engineering teams who work with manufacturers on their test and development programmes.
Millbrook has a wide range of types of test tracks. The most prominent are the:
The proving ground maintains a high standard of security and secrecy to protect the commercial interests of its customers. Public access is not generally permitted and the facility is hidden from view. Limited supervised access to the facilities is available through some driver training organisations.
Film and television.
Millbrook has been used in the filming of many television programmes and films including:

</doc>
<doc id="7044236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044236" title="Chandan Mitra">
Chandan Mitra

Chandan Mitra (; 12 December 1954 – 1 September 2021) was an Indian journalist and politician who was the editor and managing director of "The Pioneer" newspaper in Delhi. 
He was also a two-term member of the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian parliament, serving between 2003 and 2009 as a nominated member from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), and between 2003 and 2009 as an elected member from the state of Madhya Pradesh, again from BJP. He quit BJP and joined the All India Trinamool Congress in 2018.
Early life and education.
Mitra was born on 12 December 1955 in Howrah, in the Indian state of West Bengal, to Dipali Mitra and Monindra Nath Mitra. He studied at La Martiniere Calcutta, where he was awarded the Founder's Gold Medal in 1971. He was a batchmate of Swapan Dasgupta and Paranjoy Guha Thakurta at La Martiniere, and all three went up to St. Stephen's College, Delhi University, together. At St. Stephen's, Mitra and Shashi Tharoor were to become great friends and Mitra even became campaign manager for Tharoor's successful campaign to become President of the college's student union. He later went on to become the President of the student union himself. Mitra received an MA and M.Phil in History at Delhi University as well. He also taught at Hansraj College.
In 1984, he earned a Doctor of Philosophy from Magdalen College, Oxford, completing the thesis "Political mobilisation and the nationalism movement in India – a study of eastern Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, 1936-1942" written under supervision of the noted Indian historian Tapan Raychaudhuri.
Career.
Mitra started his career in journalism as an Assistant Editor with "The Statesman" in Kolkata before moving on to "The Times of India" in Delhi and later to "The Sunday Observer" where he went on to become the Editor of the newspaper. He later moved to the "Hindustan Times" as an Executive Editor. Mitra left to join "The Pioneer" as Editor, and eventually bought control of the newspaper from the Thapar family in 1998 when industrialist L. M. Thapar decided to exit the business. He headed the newspaper for 24 years before stepping down in June 2021. During his time as an editor he focused his attention on topics including climate change, education, cultural heritage, as well as rural and urban development. He was also an advocate for the soft power of Bollywood, the Indian film industry, and was amongst the first to dedicate space to discussions linked to the industry in a mainstream newspaper.
Mitra was a supporter of left-wing politics in his student years. However, he shifted his interests to right-leaning ideologies later in his life. He was considered close to L. K. Advani, former Indian Deputy Prime Minister, from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He was nominated to Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian parliament, from the BJP in 2003 and served his first term through 2009. He was elected for his second term to the Rajya Sabha as a member from the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh in 2010 and served the term through 2016. During his stint as a member of the parliament, some of the topics raised by Mitra included the creation of wildlife corridors while consideration of highway construction projects through national parks, specifically tiger and elephant reserves. He quit the Bharatiya Janata Party in 2018 and joined the All India Trinamool Congress, the ruling party of the Indian state of West Bengal.
Personal life.
Mitra was married to Shobori Ganguly. He had two sons Kushan and Shakya from an earlier marriage. He was an avid food-lover and was considered an authority on Indian film music and on Rabindra Sangeet. Mitra died on 1 September 2021 at the age of 66 at his home in Sainik Farm, in Delhi. Multiple journalists praised his work shaping the careers of young colleagues.

</doc>
<doc id="7044245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044245" title="African hoodia cactus">
African hoodia cactus



</doc>
<doc id="7044247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044247" title="DVRMNHS">
DVRMNHS



</doc>
<doc id="7044248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044248" title="Smjk san min">
Smjk san min



</doc>
<doc id="7044250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044250" title="Coal Aston">
Coal Aston

Coal Aston is a village in the civil parish of Dronfield, in the North East Derbyshire district, in the county of Derbyshire, England. It is by the town of Dronfield.
Geography.
Coal Aston sits on a ridge overlooking Sheffield and Dronfield. To the south there is Frith Wood, which is made up of mixed woodland rich in many species of fauna and flora and is thought to be an ancient wood. The wood is now a conservation area and although it is spelt Frith Wood on, for example, Ordnance Survey maps, many locals call it Firth wood as in the neighbouring Firthwood Road. The name Coal Aston is due to the number of walk-in coal mines in the area, finally closing in 1938. There are many stone-built houses and terraces dating back to the mining era during the 19th century. The last mine, Sicklebrook Colliery on Sicklebrook Lane (off Eckington Road), closed in 1938. There is still an Aston Hall in the centre of the village. The large Victorian village school has now been converted into a private house. During World War II the village was the site of a prisoner-of-war camp.
History.
Coal Aston was formerly a township in the parish of Dronfield, in 1866 Coal Aston became a separate civil parish, on 1 April 1935 the parish was abolished and merged with Dronfield and Eckington. In 1931 the parish had a population of 858.

</doc>
<doc id="7044263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044263" title="Landau's conjectures">
Landau's conjectures



</doc>
<doc id="7044266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044266" title="Ellan Vannin (tragedy)">
Ellan Vannin (tragedy)



</doc>
<doc id="7044268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044268" title="NIT-Jalandhar">
NIT-Jalandhar



</doc>
<doc id="7044272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044272" title="Song in the Silence">
Song in the Silence

Song in the Silence (1997) is the debut novel of Elizabeth Kerner, and the first book in the Kolmar series.
Plot summary.
Lanen Kaelar is a young woman who has been raised in Hadronsstead, believing that Hadron (the horse-breeder) was her father. She leads an unhappy life as she secretly longs to meet the Dragons of legend, for which she has had a powerful fascination, but she is forced to remain at Hadron's farm.
When Hadron eventually dies, she feels freed. After an abrupt proposal from her cousin (who gets a bruise from her fist in response), she leaves to seek out the True Dragons of legend. On the journey she learns that her true father Marik has promised her as a demon sacrifice since before her birth, in payment for the making of an artifact that allows the user to see distant people and places.
She finds a ship to the Dragon Isle for the Lansip harvest that used to occur every ten years, but no ship has returned from the trip in over 100 years due to the violent storms that lie between Kolmar and the Dragon Isle. After travelling on the ship with her father Marik lurking dangerously on board, she makes it safely to the Dragon Isle and meets Akhor, the mighty silver-scaled king of the Kantri (known to humans as "dragons"). She seeks him out with the two words that she utters on instinct, that he respects her instantly for; 'My brother?' Akhor, weary of the 'ferrinshadik' (a longing to know the mind of another species, similar to what Lanen herself feels), reveals himself, and discovers that Lanen alone of the humans (Gedri) he has ever known, is capable of hearing and replying in Truespeech, the Kantri form of telepathy. It is a trait all the Kantri share.
Lanen meets Akhor, and for the first time since the Kantri departed the mainland, Kantri and Gedri are once again communicating with one another. Their meetings must be secret and both must break the rules of their people in order to meet with each other.
In a madly short time they fall in love, knowing even as it happens that it is folly. When Lanen is horribly burned while helping Mirazhe, another of the Kantri, to give birth to the first dragon child born for many years, Akhor is terrified that she will die of her injuries and reluctantly delivers her into the hands of the only healer on the island - an ally of Marik's.
Lanen is swiftly healed by the skilled ministrations of Marik's Healer, Maikel (Healers are humans who can wield a magical power to heal others), but is then spirited away by Marik, who intends to sacrifice Lanen to a demon in order to pay off a dark debt he has long owed. Lanen is kept ensorcelled and unable to call for aid, but Akhor learns of her plight from Rella, a human who came to the island ostensibly to gather Lansip leaves (which are worth their weight in silver due to their special healing properties), but she is actually a member of an order of spies, and she was hired to protect Lanen.
Akhor saves Lanen in the nick of time, slaying the demon lord Lanen was to be sacrificed to, but Marik and his demon-caller ally Caderan avoid Akhor's notice.
The assembled Council of the Kantri soon learn of Lanen and Akhor's love, and their transgressions, and are prepared to sentence them to exile or death when Lanen manages to sway them incline them to mercy with an impassioned speech in defense of their actions.
However, during Lanen's speech, Marik, consumed by greed, comes and steals the Soulgems of the Lost, a precious and irreplaceable treasure of the Kantri, while they are distracted. Akhor and two other of the Kantri pursue Marik back to his camp and a battle ensues, for Marik and his demon-calling servant Caderan had prepared for the possibility of a fight and so had demonic powers and items ready to oppose the Kantri with. Caderan is slain and Marik is driven insane, but Akhor suffers terrible wounds at Marik's hands and Rishkaan, one of the other kantri present at the fight, is killed.
Akhor as an entity dies of his wounds, but he is mysteriously transformed into human form. Together they travel back to Kolmar and are eventually married.
Characters.
Gedri(humans):
Kantri(dragons):

</doc>
<doc id="7044274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044274" title="Can-Am motorcycles">
Can-Am motorcycles

Can-Am is a Canadian subsidiary of Bombardier Recreational Products (BRP) founded in 1972 and based in Valcourt, Quebec. The company produced off-road motorcycles from 1972 to 1987. In 1997, the company was reformed and began production of ATV vehicles as well as the Can-Am Spyder three-wheeled motorcycle. In 2024 Can-Am released two new electric motorcycle models.
History.
Brand history.
Can-Am was created as a subsidiary of the Bombardier Corporation in 1972. The barn that housed the original Can-Am headquarters still exists at the Bombardier test facility within the Circuit Yvon Duhamel and is located a few miles south of Valcourt, Quebec. The right side of the barn housed the offices for design and engineering, and the left side was used for fabrication. Can-Am's name was the result of a Bombardier employee competition based on the anticipated Canadian vs. American market, though the existence of the Can-Am racing series necessitated the purchase of rights to the name.
Based on the Bultaco design principle of a standard-size frame that could accommodate a range of differently sized engines, engineers Gary Robison, Bob Fisher, and Camille Picard, and former 500cc Motocross World Champion Jeff Smith designed a competition motorcycle from scratch using engines supplied by the Austrian firm, Rotax, another Bombardier subsidiary. Their design featured steering head bearing cups that allowed for the adjustment of the steering head angle; these were mainly driven by simplified production on the assembly line.
The machines made an immediate impact, with riders winning Gold, Silver and bronze medals at the International Six Days Trial. The International Six Days Trial, now known as the International Six Days Enduro, is a form of off-road motorcycle Olympics which is the oldest annual competition sanctioned by the FIM dating back to 1913.
In 1974, the Can-Am factory racing team swept the AMA 250cc motocross national championship with Can-Am riders Gary Jones, Marty Tripes and Jimmy Ellis, finishing first, second and third in the championship although, Tripes had raced for most of the season on a Husqvarna motorcycle before being hired by Can-Am for the last race of the season.
Can-Am enduro rider Skip Olson finished second to Dick Burleson in the 1976 AMA Enduro national championship. Can-Am's motorcycle racing success enhanced the brand's image and they gained a reputation for their high horsepower outputs. In 1983, Can-Am released a 250 cc road racing motorcycle. Using two 125 cc Rotax motors with a conjoined crankshaft, the motorcycle featured a bespoke frame with an aluminum swingarm.
When the 1973 oil crisis precipitated a decrease in sales of recreational vehicles, Bombardier was forced to reduce their snowmobile and motorcycle production. Bombardier then shifted its priority from recreational products towards the transit equipment industry and then, several years later, into aircraft manufacturing. As a result, investments in product development were reduced substantially and, Can-Am was unable to keep pace with Japanese manufacturers as rapid advancements in motocross technology progressed during the 1970s and 1980s. In 1983, Bombardier licensed the brand and outsourced development and production of the Can-Am motorcycles to Armstrong-CCM Motorcycles of Lancashire, England. 1987 was the final year of Can-Am motorcycle production.
Rebirth and rebranding.
In 2006, Bombardier reintroduced the Can-Am brand with its Can-Am Off-Road range of all-terrain vehicles (ATV). In 2007, the Can-Am brand was also used for the Can-Am Spyder, a new three-wheeled roadster.

</doc>
<doc id="7044275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044275" title="RECJ">
RECJ



</doc>
<doc id="7044278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044278" title="The Day of the Robot">
The Day of the Robot

The Day of the Robot is the third studio album by Buckethead.
Reception.
Alternative Press (11/96, p. 69) gave the album 5 stars out of 5 and said, "...has both a decidedly experimental side, as well as a knack for placing sounds in sturdy, though scary, compositional contexts...Buckethead seems to have found a new place for guitar gods..."

</doc>
<doc id="7044280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044280" title="Mijn Houten Hart">
Mijn Houten Hart



</doc>
<doc id="7044288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044288" title="Barry Sless">
Barry Sless

Barry Sless (born December 22, 1955) is an American musician from Baltimore, Maryland. He is plays both traditional six-string guitar and the pedal steel guitar.
Career.
2020s.
In March 2022, Sless was set to head out on the road with the group, Wolf Bros led by Bob Weir formerly with the Grateful Dead. 

</doc>
<doc id="7044289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044289" title="Mikel Aranburu Eizagirre">
Mikel Aranburu Eizagirre



</doc>
<doc id="7044292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044292" title="The Icemark Chronicles">
The Icemark Chronicles

The Icemark Chronicles is a series of books consisting of "The Cry of the Icemark", followed by "Blade of Fire", and "Last Battle of the Icemark" and the prequel called "Prince Of The Icemark". The books were written by Stuart Hill from Leicester. Fox 2000 Pictures optioned the film rights to the book. The film was set to be produced by Courtney Pledger and Sarah Radclyffe, but it is unknown if or when it will be released. The books are published by Chicken House.
"The Cry Of The Icemark".
"The Cry Of The Icemark" tells the story of Thirrin Freer Strong-in-the-Arm Lindenshield, Wildcat of the North, a thirteen-year-old Princess to the land of Icemark.
Thirrin enjoys life as a carefree daughter. She is an impulsive teenager, who gets bored in the lessons that she has with an old scholar named Maggiore Totus. Her father, King Redrought 'Bear of the North', stresses that she not only is adept in the subject of fighting but has the sharp mind of a competent scholar. After troubles in an expansive forest that borders the capital of the Icemark, Frostmarris, she meets Oskan Witch's Son, a fifteen-year-old boy, with healing talents learned from his mother, a White Witch. He later becomes Royal Advisor and accompanies Thirrin throughout the story.
The Polypontian Empire, led by General Scipio Bellorum, have lost few battles, never a war, and have taken control of most of the countries around them, save Icemark and some others. They are "supposed" to improve the world with science and a better quality of life and are inspired by the Romans. It is in one of these Polypontian territorial wars that Redrought sacrifices his entire army, including himself when the last soldier kills him in a surprise attack. He does this to give Thirrin time to prepare to fight off the rest of the empire's forces, make an alliance with the Wolf Folk, evacuate Frostmarris (Capital of Icemark) before the entire Polypontian army invades. After defeating a small Polypontian army, Thirrin succeeds in reaching the Hypolitan people, an Amazon-like tribe, who were forced out of their lands for they could not live the way they wanted to, much like the exodus of the Hebrews. She is disheartened however when several Wolf-Folk spies come back with her father's dead body. As a result, Thirrin becomes Queen of the tiny northern country. She embarks on a quest to find new allies for the Icemark, resulting in alliances with the Vampires and the mythical and ferocious Snow Leopards. Later, as the harsh winter's ices begin to thaw, the Polypontian army begins to advance. Queen Thirrin's army of her own Housecarls, the Snow Leopards, the Wolf-Folk, and Vampires are waiting for them.
Thirrin and Tharaman-Thar (leader of the snow leopards) fight various battles without the help of other allies. In one fight, Thirrin's aunt dies. In another, Oskan, seeing that Thirrin is in danger, calls down lightning, which kills many Polypontian troops, but almost kills him too. Later, Oskan is healed miraculously, but for Thirrin things get harder. In one of the last battles, General Scipio Bellorum himself fights with Thirrin in a challenge, where Thirrin cuts his hand off. In the last battle, with Thirrin's army outnumbered and the Black Army (Polypontian "armies", which may be the equivalent of a corps in a modern army, are differentiated between using colours rather than numbers) arrives, Oskan, having recovered during the battle, rings a bell and calls "The allies are here." General Scipio Bellorum's army gets frightened to see unnatural people coming. The vampires and the snowy owls drink the blood of many soldiers and the were-wolves tear the soldiers apart. The Holly King and the Oak King's army arrives with their summoned creatures of the wood. Thirrin wins the battle when the Polypontian Empire flees. The story ends with the preparations for Yule, which parallels the opening.
"Blade of Fire".
Twenty years have passed: Thirrin and Oskan have married and had 5 children. However, when war threatens the Icemark once again, their crippled son Charlemagne is sent to the South Continent as Prince Regent to the Icemark as a refugee for his and their protection. But he has no intention of acting like a good little prince and sets off to find some of the greatest allies the Icemark could hope for. He travels through deserts and is protected by the Blessed Women, spirits who vow to protect him. He arrives at the Desert Kingdom; he befriends the Crown Prince Mekhmet. Thanks to the Dance Master, he loses his disability and learns to fight. He gathers more allies such as the Lusu People and a battalion of zombies, Rock Trolls, and ghosts, proving he has inherited the ability to unite people from his mother.
Meanwhile, back in Frostmarris, Thirrin and her allies are at war with the Polypontian Empire, led by Scipio Bellorum and his two sons. This time the empire has a new weapon at their disposal - giant airships that can drop bombs hundreds of feet from the air to the ground. The Vampires arrive and battle the ships in their bat form. The war progresses, with the Sky Navy and Vampires being the key weapons of both armies. During one battle, the Vampire King engages Bellorum. The battle is of such skill and beauty that all around stop to watch its progress. When Bellorum finds himself losing, and asks the King for one last request, and gives a signal. His soldiers clear the deck of the airship, and cannons are revealed, along with muskets. These literally tear the Vampire King apart and the Vampires return to The-Land-of-the-Ghostsfor his funeral rights, led by the mourning Vampire Queen. This gives the edge back to the Empire's armies, as they still have their airships.
During the final battle, all appears to be lost when Charlemagne appears, leading his army. They tear into the Empire's flank, turning the tide of the battle. Bellorum's sons are both killed; with Charlemagne beheading Octavius, although not before he almost fatally wounds Mekhmet; and Charlemagne's sister, Cressida, impaling Sulla in the stomach. Scipio's army turns and flees, breaking their rock hard discipline. Scipio himself flees, but is hunted down by the Vampire Queen, who has returned. Thirrin takes the pleasure of killing him.
Throughout the story, Medea, the youngest daughter of Thirrin and Oskan, has been causing havoc. Inheriting the legacy and powers of Oskan, who inherited them through his father, she also has the choice between Light and Dark. She inevitably chooses the dark and begins trying to murder her little brother, Charlemagne, for "stealing" her parents' love. She uses her weather powers to create a storm and try to take out the fleet of ships Sharley is traveling with on his journey to Venezzia, hoping that the storm will kill him. Many of the ships collapse but Sharley survives. She later causes the death of her brother, Cerdic and many soldiers of The Icemark by manipulating the leaders of the allies' minds and making them go into a battle that they can't be successful in. When Sharley returns to the Icemark, she possesses his friend Mekhmet and gives Sharley the option to kill him or be killed himself. Only with the help of the Blessed Women do they both survive. Oskan realizes that a Dark Witch is causing trouble, but does not believe it is his daughter. Then, she attempts to murder Charlemagne as he "returns to the north with a blade of fire in his hand" (as stated in Oskan's prophecy). When Oskan calls down lightning from the sky, she takes it from him and directs it at Sharley. Oskan, enraged, deflects it back at her. He then shows her how strong the temptation of the Dark is on him, and how much it could heighten his own powers. Finally, he sends Medea into the realms of Dark. The book ends with Charlemagne and an old housecarl who is an expert, showing Mekhmet how to fish, something never seen in the Southern continent.
"Last Battle of the Icemark".
Two years have passed since The Icemark defeated The Polypontian Empire in "Blade of Fire". This has caused the Polypontians to break up and many civil wars have started to take their place with the defeat of the Polypontians at the end of the second book, The role of antagonist then settles on Erinor of Artemision and her Tri-horns (Triceratops used as command platforms/siege weapons, similar to war elephants), and Oskan's father Cronus, his Ice Demons and his granddaughter, Medea. Erinor's dinosaur cavalry move in on what remains of the Polypontian Empire, fully intending to move on to the Icemark afterward. Responding to a plea for help from the Empire, a reluctant Thirrin leads her army into the heart of what was once enemy territory. Initially, Thirrin hates having to work with the Polypontians, however upon meeting their emperor (who is only a young boy, not yet in his teens) she realizes that everything she hated about the Empire comes from the Bellorum clan. With them gone, feelings towards the Empire, though still embittered by previous wars, begin thawing. However, by invading the Empire to confront Erinor, the Icemark is left open to an invasion from the Darkness (Cronus and his ice demons). Fortunately, because the Vampire Queen chooses to remain behind, she and her vampires are able to defend the Icemark, launching raids and ambushes on the ice demons. Although the Vampire Queen knows she cannot win, she harries their efforts. Oskan, entrusted with the secret knowledge that Dark Adepts cannot kill the ones they love without dying, defeats Cronus and Medea at the cost of his own life.
"Prince Of The Icemark".
Prince Of The Icemark is the prequel to The Icemark Chronicles. It was released on 6 June 2013. When his brother, the King, is killed in battle, Prince Redrought must rally his people and learn to defend his tiny kingdom against savage supernatural invaders – werewolves, vampires and zombies. Redrought must take the fight to enemy territory in The-Land-of-the-Ghosts, and it’s there he will fall or stand forever in the legends of the Icemark.
Stuart Hill has stated in interviews that the book would tell the tale of how Redrought met Thirrin's mother, that Redrought will encounter the soldiers of the Holly and Oak King, and that the novel will feature a cat character called Cadwaladar.
Prince Of The Icemark was nominated for the 2015 Red House Children's Book Award.
Stuart has said he would like to write two more stories involving Redrought but he is unsure if he will get the opportunity to.
Timeline.
Introduction.
Prior to King Redrought's reign, The Icemark had a violent history. Of the previous eight monarchs, only two died in their beds. King Redrought's reign lasted the longest. His majesty ruled for more than twenty years.
The Hypolitan of the southern continent were at war for years with eastern invaders before the Hypolitans went north into The Icemark to find peace. The eastern invaders had similar fighting methods to the Polypontians, in particular, their tendency to overwhelm their opponents by sheer force of numbers.
At the beginning of the story, The Icemark had enemies to the north (The Land-of-the-Ghosts) and to the south (Polypontus) as well as to the east and west (Sea Raiders: Zephyrs and Corsairs).
400 years ago.
There was a long, fierce war between The Icemark and Hypolitan, during which they came to respect one another. King Theobad The Bold, of The Icemark, granted land to the Hypolitan.
The Province, known as Hypolita, is ruled by woman warriors, and the monarch of The Icemark is its overlord. The Hypolitan became The Icemark's greatest ally.
Maggiore Totus, Thirrin's tutor, discovers in the Hypolitan archives that The Icemark's King Theobad had also signed a nonaggression treaty with The Land-of-the-Ghosts, which mean they had left him to fight with the Hypolitan without fear of invasion from the vampires. This indicates there's a precedent for The Icemark making a treaty with the vampires.
250 Years ago.
The Blood Wars happened 3,000 moons (250 years) prior to the events in "The Cry Of The Icemark".
Wolf-Folk fought against the vampire king and queen.
Unknown time ago.
According to Maggiore's history lesson, the navy of the southern continent helped in the defeat of the Corsairs and Zephyrs in the great Battle of the Middle Sea. Exactly when it happened is not indicated (or not known), but it was prior to events in "The Cry of The Icemark".
Ghost Wars: King Redrought defeated the army of the vampire King and Queen at the Battle of the Wolfrocks - mountain range to the north of Frostmarris and province of Hypolita.
Werewolves were banished from The Icemark after The Ghost Wars. Evil witches were banished from The Icemark, but good witches were allowed to remain, as they're good healers and midwives, can drive blight from a harvest, and are a brilliant defense against the vampire King and Queen. They're staunchly loyal and the first to offer help.
One Year ago.
The Icemark was attacked by a fighting fleet of Southern Corsairs and Island Buccaneers. After massing his forces, King Redrought defeated their army at the battle of Sea Haven. The victors burned the enemy fleet. The battle lasted one day.
Present.
Thirrin recognised early that there was a need for new allies; Thirrin suggested The Icemark approach The Land-of-the-Ghosts. Though enemies of The Icemark, the vampire King and Queen and their undead peoples might join them against the Polypontian Empire for their mutual benefit and safety.

</doc>
<doc id="7044296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044296" title="Cold water pitting of copper tube">
Cold water pitting of copper tube

Cold water pitting of copper tube occurs in only a minority of installations. Copper water tubes are usually guaranteed by the manufacturer against manufacturing defects for a period of 50 years. The vast majority of copper systems far exceed this time period but a small minority may fail after a comparatively short time.
The majority of failures seen are the result of poor installation or operation of the water system. The most common failure seen in the last 20 years is pitting corrosion in cold water tubes, also known as Type 1 pitting. These failures are usually the result of poor commissioning practice although a significant number are initiated by flux left in the bore after assembly of soldered joints. Prior to about 1970 the most common cause of Type 1 pitting was carbon films left in the bore by the manufacturing process. 
Research and manufacturing improvements in the 1960s virtually eliminated carbon as a cause of pitting with the introduction of a clause in the 1971 edition of BS 2871 requiring tube bores to be free of deleterious films. Despite this, carbon is still regularly blamed for tube failures without proper investigation.
Copper water tubes.
Copper tubes have been used to distribute potable water within building for many years and hundreds of miles are installed throughout Europe every year. The long life of copper when exposed to natural waters is a result of its thermodynamic stability, its high resistance to reacting with the environment, and the formation of insoluble corrosion products that insulate the metal from the environment. The corrosion rate of copper in most potable waters is less than 2.5 μm/year, at this rate a 15 mm tube with a wall thickness of 0.7 mm would last for about 280 years. In some soft waters the general corrosion rate may increase to 12.5 μm/year, but even at this rate it would take over 50 years to perforate the same tube. Despite the reliability of copper and copper alloys, in some cold hard waters pits may form in the bore of a tube. If these pits form, failure times can be expected between 6 months and 2 years from initiation. The mechanism that leads to the pitting of copper in cold hard waters is complex, it requires a water with a specific chemistry that is capable of supporting pit growth and a mechanism for the initiation of the pits.
Pitting.
The pits that penetrate the bore are usually covered in a hard pale green nodule of copper sulfate and copper hydroxide salts. If the nodule is removed a hemispherical pit is revealed filled with coarse crystals of red cuprous oxide and green cuprous chloride. The pits are often referred to as Type 1 pits and the form of attack as Type 1 pitting.
Water.
The characteristics capable of supporting Type 1 pits were determined empirically by Lucey after examining the compositions of waters in which the pitting behaviour was known. They should be cold, less than 30 °C, hard or moderately hard, 170 to 300 mg/L carbonate hardness, and organically pure. Organically pure waters usually originate from deep wells, or boreholes. Surface waters from rivers or lakes contain naturally occurring organic compounds that inhibit the formation of Type 1 pits, unless a deflocculation treatment has been carried out that removes organic material. Type 1 pitting is relatively uncommon in North America and this may be a result of the lower population density allowing a significant proportion of the potable water to be obtained from surface derived sources. In addition to being cold hard and organically pure, the water needs a specific chemistry. The effect of the water chemistry can be empirically determined though use of the Pitting Propensity Rating (PPR) a number that takes into account the sulfate, chloride, nitrate and sodium ion concentrations of the water as well as its acidity or pH. A water with a positive PPR has been shown to be capable of propagating Type 1 pits.
Initiation.
Many waters in both the UK and Europe are capable of supporting Type 1 pitting but no problems will be experienced unless a pit is initiated in the wall of the tube. When a copper tube is initially filled with a hard water salts deposit on the wall and the copper slowly reacts with the water producing a thin protective layer of mixed corrosion products and hardness scale. If any pitting of the tube is to occur then this film must be locally disrupted. Three mechanisms allow the disruption of the protective deposits. The most well known, although now the least common, is the presence of carbon films on the bore. Stagnation and flux residues are the most common initiation mechanisms that have led to Type 1 pitting failures in the last ten years.
Carbon films.
Copper tubes are made from the large billets of copper that are gradually worked and drawn down to the required size. As the tubes are drawn they are heat treated to produce the correct mechanical properties. The organic oils and greases used to lubricate the tubes during the drawing processes are broken down during the heat treatment and gradually coat the tube with a film of carbon. If the carbon is left in the bore of the tube then it disrupts the formation of the protective scale and allows the initiation of pits in the wall. The presence of deleterious films, such as carbon, has been prohibited by the British Standards in copper tubes since 1969. All copper tubes for water service are treated, usually by sand (or other nonferrous medium) blasting or acid pickling, to remove any films produced during manufacture with the result that Type 1 pitting initiated by carbon films is now rare.
Stagnation.
If water is left to stand in a tube for an extended period, the chemical characteristics of the water change as the mixed scale and corrosion products are deposited. In addition any loose scale that is not well adhered to the wall will not be flushed away and air dissolved in the water will form bubbles, producing air pockets. These processes can lead to a number of problems mainly on horizontal tube runs. Particles of scale that do not adhere to the walls and are not washed away tend to fall into the bottom of the tube producing a coarse porous deposit. Air pockets that develop in horizontal runs disrupt the formation of protective scales in two areas: the water lines at the sides, and the air space at the top of the tube. 
In each of the areas that the scale has been disrupted, Type 1 pitting can be initiated. Then, even after the tube has been put back into service, the pit will continue to develop until the wall has perforated. This form of attack is often associated with the commissioning of a system. Once a system has been commissioned it should be either put immediately into service or drained down and dried by flushing with compressed air otherwise pitting may initiate. If either of these options is not possible then the system should be flushed through regularly until it is put into use.
Flux.
In plumbing systems fluxes are used to keep the mating surfaces clean during soldering operations. The fluxes often consist of corrosive chemicals such as ammonium chloride and zinc chloride in a binder such as petroleum jelly. If too much is applied to the joint, then the excess flux will melt and run down the bore of a vertical tube or pool in the bottom of a horizontal tube. Where the bore of the tube is covered in a layer of flux it may be locally protected from corrosion but at the edges of the flux pits often initiate. If the tube is put into service in a water that supports Type 1 pitting then these pits will develop and eventually perforate the sides of the tube.
Good working practice.
In most cases Type 1 pitting can be avoided by good working practices. Always use tubes that have been manufactured to BS EN 1057. Tubes greater than 10 mm in diameter made to this standard will always be marked the number of the standard, the nominal size, wall thickness and temper of the tube, the manufacturer's identification mark and the date of production at least every 600 mm. Tubes less than 10 mm in diameter will be similarly marked at each end. 
Once a system has been commissioned it should be either put immediately into service or drained down and dried. If either of these options is not possible then the system should be flushed though regularly until it is put into use. It should not be left to stand for more than a week. At present stagnation is the most common cause of Type 1 pitting.
Flux should be used sparingly. A small quantity should be painted over the areas to be joined and any excess removed after the joint has been made. Some fluxes are marked as water-soluble but under some circumstances they are not removed before pitting has initiated.

</doc>
<doc id="7044311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044311" title="Christmas (Michael W. Smith album)">
Christmas (Michael W. Smith album)

Christmas is a 1989 Michael W. Smith studio album and Smith's first Christmas album.
"All Is Well".
"All Is Well" features soloist Nathan Wadley. The song is also included in his compilation set "The Wonder Years" (1993). In 2014, Smith remade the song for his 2014 holiday album "The Spirit of Christmas", this time sharing the vocals with country artist Carrie Underwood. Christian girl group Point of Grace recorded a version for their 2005 album "Winter Wonderland". Clay Aiken recorded a cover version in 2006 for his Christmas EP "All Is Well".

</doc>
<doc id="7044312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044312" title="Quaran">
Quaran



</doc>
<doc id="7044316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044316" title="Leonard Salzedo">
Leonard Salzedo

Leonard Salzedo (24 September 1921 – 6 May 2000) was an English composer and conductor of Spanish descent. He composed over 160 works, including 18 film scores, 17 ballets, ten string quartets and two symphonies.
Life.
Salzedo was born in Stamford Hill, East London, the son of an amateur musician of Spanish Jewish ancestry. He began playing violin aged six and started composing at the age of 13. After some early lessons from William Lloyd Webber he went on to study composition under Herbert Howells and violin under Isolde Menges at the Royal College of Music in London. Other teachers included Gordon Jacob (orchestration) and George Dyson (conducting). 
His first acknowledged score was the String Quartet No 1 of 1942, op 1. On leaving the college in 1944 Salzedo immediately became a freelance composer, supplementing his earnings by playing violin with the London Philharmonic Orchestra and (from 1950 until 1966) the Royal Philharmonic. While at the RPO Salzedo was conductor’s assistant for Sir Thomas Beecham.
Salzedo was musical director of the Ballet Rambert from 1967 until 1972, principal conductor with the Scottish Ballet from 1972 until 1974, and musical director of the City Ballet of London from 1982 until 1986, where he made many arrangements of classic ballet scores for the company's smaller orchestra. After 1986 he devoted himself to full-time composition.
In 1945 Salzedo married the dancer Pat Clover. He died at his home in Leighton Buzzard, Bedfordshire, aged 78. His daughters Caroline and Sue have set up The Leonard Salzedo Society to promote performances of his music. A centenary celebration concert was held at Conway Hall in London on 24 September, 2022.
Ballet music.
Salzedo worked closely with the Ballet Rambert, which commissioned his first ballet, "The Fugitive", in 1944. There were over 400 performances over the following six years. Along with his dancer wife Pat Clover he was closely involved with Les Ballets Nègres, a mostly black dance group founded in 1946 by Berto Pasuka and Richie Riley. He wrote four scores for the group for piano, tom tom and maracas: "De Prophet", "They Came", "Market Day" and "Aggrey".
His most successful ballet was "The Witch Boy" based on the ‘Ballad of Barbara Allan’, choreographed by Jack Carter and premiered by the Ballet der Lage Landen in Amsterdam in May 1956. It received over 1,000 performance in 30 different countries, and also became popular as a concert suite. Four of his ballet scores were choreographed by Norman Morrice: "The Travellers" (1963), "The Realms of Choice" (1965), "Hazard" (1967) and "The Empty Suit" (1970).
Concert works.
His first work for full orchestra, the overture "Bosworth Field" (1951) was followed by the symphonic poem "Gabble Retchit (The Harlething)" and the "Two Rhythmic Pieces" in 1952. Then came the Symphony No 1, premiered four years after its composition on 10 May 1956 at the Royal Festival Hall with Thomas Beecham conducting the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. Paul Conway detects a Spanish influence in the final movement, "at times recalling de Falla and the Ravel of Rhapsodie Espagnole". The Symphony No 2 also has a Spanish flavour. It was composed in 1954 but had to wait until 1977 for its first performance, at the Edinburgh International Festival. 
Other orchestral works include the Sinfonietta for chamber orchestra and an orchestral Suite from his "Mardi Gras" ballet of 1946. There are also a later series of concertos: the Divertimento Concertante for three clarinets and orchestra (1958), the Percussion Concerto (1968), the Viola Concerto scored for percussion, harp and strings (1983), the Violin Concerto (1992), and the Piano Concerto written for Leslie Howard in 1994.
After 1986 he had more time to work on larger scale pieces such as the hour-long "Requiem Sine Voxibus" ("Requiem Without Voices") for large orchestra (1989, so far unperformed), and the "Stabat Mater" for soprano, alto, chorus and orchestra (1991). Chamber music was also an important part of his output, including ten string quartets spanning his whole career - from No 1 in 1942 to No 10 (op 140) dating from 1997. There are also many works for various combinations of brass, strings and percussion, such as the six movement Partita for vibraphone, marimba, tuned gongs, timpani and string quartet (1990).
Film and television.
Salzedo also wrote many film scores, including several for Hammer Films, amongst them the war movie "The Steel Bayonet" (1957) and the horror film "The Revenge of Frankenstein" (1958). And his music became widely used as production music for television and radio. The fanfare which forms the first six bars of Salzedo's "Divertimento for three trumpets and three trombones", opus 49 (1959), was used as the theme tune for the Open University's educational programmes on BBC television and radio from the 1970s to the 1990s. Another of his tunes, "Guadalajara", was used by the BBC to accompany their "pie chart" schools' presentation during the 1960s and early 1970s, up until 1973.
Orchestrations for Beecham.
Beecham's widow Shirley claimed that Salzedo orchestrated the 1959 recording of Handel's "Messiah" for modern full orchestra, usually credited to Sir Eugene Goossens. Beecham had supposedly become impatient with Goossens's slow writing pace and was not happy with the quality of his work. Salzedo did assist Beecham with his re-orchestration of Grétry's "Zémire et Azor"

</doc>
<doc id="7044318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044318" title="Terminal controller">
Terminal controller

A terminal controller is a device that collects traffic from a set of terminals and directs them to a concentrator.

</doc>
<doc id="7044319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044319" title="Windsor House, London">
Windsor House, London

Windsor House is an office building in Victoria Street, City of Westminster, London, England. It was built in 1973 by R. Seifert &amp; Partners,
The building replaced an older Victorian building, Windsor House (the Windsor Hotel, formerly the Army and Navy Hotel), which had been built in 1888 by Frederick Thomas Pilkington.
The 1970s complex consists of an eighteen-storey tower, a two-storey block (Butler Place) and residential accommodation (Christchurch House) above an underground car park and basement. The purple granite and glass facade of the main structure stands 70 m (230 ft). Butler Place houses Lloyds TSB at ground level.
The eighteen-storey tower was previously occupied solely by staff from Transport for London but they have since left the building. In January 2018, the Government Property Agency acquired the building. The Homes and Communities Agency took over two floors in March 2018, relocating from the Home Office building at 2 Marsham Street, SW1.
The top four floors, formerly occupied by Department for International Trade (starting in 2018) have been occupied by the London-headquartered merchant services fintech company SaltPay, since October 2022.
There is another Windsor House in London, which is also an office building located at 40-41 Great Castle Street. These two Windsor Houses are different and not related to each other.

</doc>
<doc id="7044321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044321" title="Live and Let Die (book)">
Live and Let Die (book)



</doc>
<doc id="7044327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044327" title="Barkatda">
Barkatda



</doc>
<doc id="7044329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044329" title="MU (1970s' band)">
MU (1970s' band)



</doc>
<doc id="7044331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044331" title="Leroy Fletcher Prouty">
Leroy Fletcher Prouty



</doc>
<doc id="7044332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044332" title="Aminjikarai">
Aminjikarai

Aminjikarai, originally Amaindakarai, is one of the oldest neighbourhoods in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. The arterial Poonamallee High Road (NH 4) runs through it. Aminjikarai was annexed to Madras District in 1946, and Arumbakkam and Anna Nagar were carved out of Aminjikarai in the 1950s and 1970s, respectively. The Nelson Manickam Road which traverses Aminjikarai is an important commercial road in Chennai city.
History.
A delta formed from the deposition of the sediment carried by the river Cooum towards its journey to the Bay of Bengal is called "Amainda Karai" which means Fluvial Landforms ( நீரால் உருவாக்கப்பட்ட நிலப்பரப்பு ) and later on Aminjikarai colloquially.
In the early days, it was known as a suburb after the tollgate (near Pachaiyappa's College). Now, it is a central part of Chennai which links the residential Anna Nagar to the central business district of Chennai. It comprises Mehta Nagar, Gill Nagar, Railway Colony, Collectorate Colony and Ayyavoo Naidu Colony.
Mehta Nagar is connected by a small pedestrian bridge and is almost like a peninsula. Thiru Vi Ka Park is a well-known park that is close to Aminijikarai.
Culture.
Aminjikarai hosts the Sri Ekambareshwara Kamakshi Amma temple and the Sri Varadaraja temple. Since these two temples are in very close vicinity, some people refer to Aminjikarai as mini Kancheepuram. The Mangali Amma temple (Ellai Amma) is also located between the toll gate and Aminjikarai. The Brahmotsavam of Ekambareshwara and Varadaraja temples is a famous festival held between March and May every year. Pradosham is also a famous event at the Ekambareshwara temple. Near the Ekambareswarar temple, there is a Vinayagar temple called "Varasidhi Vinayagar temple", well known for its Vinayagar Chathurthi festival.
Aminjikarai also has a mosque called Jamia Masjid, and a burial ground on Poonamallee High Road. There is another mosque called Fathima Islamic Cultural Society on Nelson Manickam Road. There are numerous churches as well.
Infrastructure.
Aminjikarai offers shopping facilities for people of all classes. The Aminjikarai Market hosts very fresh vegetables, some roadside makeshift vegetable shops offer very fresh vegetables at nominal rates. There is a huge shopping mall, Ampa Skywalk, at the intersection of Nelson Manickam Road and Poonamallee High Road. The mall has 7 multiplex cinemas, a spacious hypermarket, a food court, restaurants and branded retail outlets.
The nearest suburban railway station is Nungambakkam railway station, which is just from Aminjikarai. The proximity to the Chennai Metropolitan Bus Terminus (CMBT) has made Aminjikarai one of the most accessible routes in Chennai.
Aminjikarai has many hospitals, including Billroth Hospitals, which is a fully-fledged multi-speciality hospital. MR Hospital, a dedicated Renal (kidney) Transplant centre, is located on Govindan Street.
In popular culture.
Aminjikarai is usually referenced in Tamil film comedy scenes. The name is usually compared with America as a play on words to contrast someone locally from Aminjikarai with someone from a Western society.

</doc>
<doc id="7044338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044338" title="Macalla">
Macalla

Macalla is a 1985 musical album by the Irish folk group Clannad. It is their ninth album and is known for the duet between Clannad's singer Moya Brennan and U2 vocalist Bono on the single "In a Lifetime". An alternate version of the album's first track, "Caisleán Óir", was used throughout the third "Robin of Sherwood" series.
The album's title is Irish for "echo". Two of its songs are sung entirely in Irish: "Caisleán Óir", which translates as "golden castle", and "Buachaill Ón Éirne", which means "shepherd from the Erne".

</doc>
<doc id="7044339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044339" title="A. Maundy Gregory">
A. Maundy Gregory



</doc>
<doc id="7044342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044342" title="Saba Yoi district">
Saba Yoi district

Saba Yoi (, ; Pattani Malay: บายอ, ) is the southeasternmost district ("amphoe") of Songkhla province, southern Thailand.
Etymology.
The name "Saba Yoi" is a Thai corruption of "sebayu" (Jawi: سبايو). Its original name means 'wind' in Malay.
History.
The area of Saba Yoi was administered by the Thepha district. It was upgraded to be Ba Hoi minor district ("king amphoe") in 1924. In 1942 the government moved the district office to Tambon Mong and renamed the minor district Saba Yoi. It was upgraded to a full district in 1956.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise): Na Thawi and Thepha of Songkhla Province; Khok Pho of Pattani province; Mueang Yala, Yaha, and Kabang of Yala province. To the southwest is the state Kedah of Malaysia.
San Kala Khiri National Park is in Saba Yoi.
Administration.
The district is divided into nine sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 62 villages ("mubans"). Saba Yoi is also a sub-district municipality ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Saba Yai.

</doc>
<doc id="7044344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044344" title="Sir Denis James Killen">
Sir Denis James Killen



</doc>
<doc id="7044346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044346" title="Good counsel college">
Good counsel college



</doc>
<doc id="7044348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044348" title="C/o">
C/o



</doc>
<doc id="7044349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044349" title="Denis James Killen">
Denis James Killen



</doc>
<doc id="7044350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044350" title="Audrey Reader">
Audrey Reader

Dame Audrey Reader DBE (9 December 1903 – 6 March 1989) was an Australian charity worker, who worked primarily in promoting the interests of women and of immigrants to Australia.
Early life.
Born Audrey Tattie Hinchliffe Nicholls in 1903 in Macedon, Victoria, Australia, the daughter of William Henry Nicholls and Mabel Tattie Hinchcliff Mallett, she married Reginald "Rex" Reader (1901–1986) in 1928; they had one daughter.
Career.
Audrey Reader was actively involved in the Liberal Party of Australia for more than forty years, from 1945 until her death, being a member of the State Executive for 26 years and a Federal Councillor of the party from 1955 to 1967. From 1955 to 1958, she was State Chairman of the Women's Section of the party.
From 1950 she was a member of the Good Neighbour Council of Victoria, and from 1955 she was a member of the National Council of Women; in 1958 she became an executive member of both of these bodies. In 1962 she was made Metropolitan Vice-Present of Victorian Division of the Liberal Party of Australia, and in 1964 Honorary Secretary of the National Council of Women of Victoria, which posts she held until 1967, when she represented Australia at the International Council of Women Executive Meeting in London.
From 1966 to 1972 she was the Australian convenor of the Migrating Standing Committee. In the late 1960s and early 1970s she represented the Victorian State Government on the Consumer Protection Council. In 1967 she became Honorary Secretary on the Australia Board of the National Council of Women, a post which she held for 3 years. From 1971 to 1973 she was a representative on the Commonwealth Immigration Advisory Council.
Damehood.
In 1978 Audrey Reader was created a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (D.B.E.) for her services to women's affairs and politics.

</doc>
<doc id="7044357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044357" title="Na Thawi district">
Na Thawi district

Na Thawi (, ; Pattani Malay: นาวี, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the southern part of Songkhla province, southern Thailand.
History.
NaThawi District was originally the location of Chana District, Songkhla Province. The brief history is that Chana District was previously called Mueang Chana. The city was located in Tambon Chanong, Chana District. Later, Chana City was moved to Tambon Na Thawi, to the east of the Na Thawi District Office. At that time, Chana City was a third-class city with Khun Si Sanphakham (Mr. Son) as its governor. Later, during the reign of King Rama V, King Chulalongkorn graciously ordered the current Chana City to be moved because at that time, transportation in Tambon Na Thawi was inconvenient.
When the Local Administration Act B.E. 2475 was announced, Chana City was changed to "Chana District" and the status of Tambon Na Thawi, which was the location of Chana City, was raised to include nearby sub-districts as "Na Thawi Minor District" under Chana District and later announced as a district.
On June 1, 1947, Chang Sub-district was established, separated from Na Thawi Sub-district. Khlong Sai Sub-district was established, separated from Na Mo Si Sub-district. Tha Pradu Sub-district was established. Separated from Tambon Plak Nu, established Tambon Saton, separated from Tambon Thap Chang
June 6, 1956, elevated from Nathawi Subdistrict, Chana District to Na Thawi District
September 24, 1956, established Na Thawi Sanitary District in some areas of Tambon Na Thawi
May 24, 1977, transferred the area of Village No. 7 (at that time) of Tambon Prakop to be Village No. 9 of Tambon Saton
July 1, 1980, established Khlong Kwang Subdistrict, separated from Tambon Plak Nu
June 18, 1992, changed the Na Thawi Sanitary District area for the appropriateness of local administration and maintenance
May 25, 1999, elevated from Na Thawi Sanitary District to Na Thawi Subdistrict Municipality
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise): Sadao,
Hat Yai, Chana, Thepha, and Saba Yoi. To the south is the state of Kedah, Malaysia.
Administration.
The district is divided into 10 sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 92 villages ("mubans"). The township ("thesaban tambon") Na Thawi covers parts of "tambon" Na Thawi. There are a further 10 tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="7044361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044361" title="Stroud, NSW">
Stroud, NSW



</doc>
<doc id="7044362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044362" title="Glossary of diophantine geometry">
Glossary of diophantine geometry



</doc>
<doc id="7044365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044365" title="Reduction modulo a prime">
Reduction modulo a prime



</doc>
<doc id="7044369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044369" title="Akeldamá">
Akeldamá



</doc>
<doc id="7044373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044373" title="Bishop Consolidated Independent School District">
Bishop Consolidated Independent School District

Bishop Consolidated Independent School District is a public school district based in the town of Bishop, in Nueces County, Texas (USA). In addition to Bishop, the district also serves the city of Petronila, a small section of Tierra Grande, and a small section of La Paloma-Lost Creek.
Finances.
As of the 2010–2011 school year, the appraised valuation of property in the district was $462,993,000. The maintenance tax rate was $0.104 and the bond tax rate was $0.052 per $100 of appraised valuation.
Academic achievement.
In 2011, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools.
In the 2011–2012 school year, the district opened six schools.

</doc>
<doc id="7044374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044374" title="Frobenius mapping">
Frobenius mapping



</doc>
<doc id="7044377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044377" title="Eric Malmberg">
Eric Malmberg

Eric Malmberg is a musician from Sweden. Previously a member of the duo Sagor &amp; Swing ("Fairytales &amp; Swing"), in 2005 he released his first solo album, "Den gåtfulla människan" ("The Enigmatic Human"). The album consists only of sounds played on the Hammond organ. The album is centered on a musical exploration of the human psyche and the different tracks have names such as "The Subconscious" and "The Dual-personalities". The different tracks are all linked together and form a seamless journey into the human mind.
Far from being the product of a loose interest in psychology, these themes are deeply personal as Malmberg has been fighting an ongoing struggle with his own autistic spectrum disorder. He has appeared in a documentary entitled "Creative Illness" which consists of interviews of skilled Swedish artists who have received a mixed blessing in the form of different mental afflictions. In this documentary, Malmberg speaks of his sometimes manic relationship with music in general and the Hammond-organ in particular.
Malmberg has also worked as a cartoonist. He drew a comic strip entitled "Hansson &amp; Karlsson i världsrymden" ("Hansson &amp; Karlsson in outer space"), which appeared in the Swedish newspaper "Dagens Nyheter" in 2000. The strip refers to Bo Hansson and Janne Carlsson, a Swedish instrumental duo from the late 1960s. Later, Hansson gave Malmberg the organ used on Hansson's "Lord of the Rings" album. This together with his participation in Sagor &amp; Swing and the fact that Malmberg and Hansson have performed together on several occasions has led many to view Malmberg as Hansson's spiritual successor, preserving and evolving the style pioneered by Hansson &amp; Karlsson.
In 2007, his second solo album "Verklighet &amp; Beat" ("Reality &amp; Beat" - the antonym of "Fairytales &amp; Swing") was released.

</doc>
<doc id="7044378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044378" title="Bishop CISD">
Bishop CISD



</doc>
<doc id="7044380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044380" title="Bishop Consolidated ISD">
Bishop Consolidated ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7044384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044384" title="Abu Barkat Ataur Ghani Khan Choudhury">
Abu Barkat Ataur Ghani Khan Choudhury



</doc>
<doc id="7044386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044386" title="Cuero Independent School District">
Cuero Independent School District

Cuero Independent School District is a public school district based in Cuero, Texas (USA).
Located in DeWitt County, a small portion of the district extends into Gonzales County.
Middle and high school students from the community of Nursery may choose between Victoria ISD or Cuero Independent School District. Because of this, the district also serves some residents from Victoria County. In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="7044388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044388" title="Cuero ISD">
Cuero ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7044392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044392" title="George West Independent School District">
George West Independent School District

George West Independent School District is a public school district based in George West, Texas (USA).
It serves the Live Oak County portion of Pernitas Point.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="7044393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044393" title="George West ISD">
George West ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7044398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044398" title="Rose Wilder">
Rose Wilder



</doc>
<doc id="7044402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044402" title="A. B. A. Ghani Khan Chowdhury">
A. B. A. Ghani Khan Chowdhury



</doc>
<doc id="7044403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044403" title="Highland Independent School District">
Highland Independent School District

Highland Independent School District is a public school district in southwestern Nolan County, Texas (USA).
Academic achievement.
In 2009, the school district was rated "exemplary" by the Texas Education Agency.
Received the 2015 National Blue Ribbon School Award, an award issued by the U.S. Secretary of Education for overall academic excellence or progress in closing achievement gaps. Highland ISD was one of only 25 schools recognized in Texas.
Schools.
The district has one campus that serves students in grades pre-kindergarten through twelve.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Highland High School plays six-man football.

</doc>
<doc id="7044404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044404" title="Highland ISD">
Highland ISD



</doc>
<doc id="7044407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044407" title="Funnel Weaver">
Funnel Weaver



</doc>
<doc id="7044408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044408" title="Cricopharyngeal muscle">
Cricopharyngeal muscle



</doc>
<doc id="7044411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044411" title="Dean Mildren">
Dean Mildren

Dean Mildren (born 27 February 1943) is a former judge of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory. He was appointed to the court on 27 June 1991, and retired February 2013. He was sworn in as an acting judge of the court soon after and served in that capacity until 2021.
Early life and education.
Mildren was born in Adelaide, South Australia, and attended the Norwood High School and the University of Adelaide. He graduated with a Bachelor of Laws and Bachelor of Arts and from 1966–68 was an Articled Clerk to James Henry Muirhead who was later to become a Judge of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory.
Mildren was a solicitor with Thomson &amp; Co in Adelaide from 1968–71.
Legal work in the Northern Territory.
Mildren relocated to the Northern Territory in 1972 and established the firm Mildren &amp; Partners in which he practised as a barrister &amp; solicitor.
Mildren practised as a barrister from 1980 until his appointment to the bench in 1991. He was appointed as a King's Counsel in 1983 and was President of the Northern Territory Bar Association from 1987–91 having been Vice-President from 1989–90. During his time on the bench, he was the judge responsible for giving confessed child-rapist Brett Peter Cowan the "benefit of any doubt" and a short sentence in his second conviction as a sex offender, despite expert recommendation against the man who had been found guilty of abducting and carrying out an anal rape, torture, and strangulation of a 6-year-old boy in such violent fashion that outcry witnesses initially thought the child had been hit by a car. The judge's justification for the short sentence was that the pedophile had made a "fairly spontaneous indication to the police that he needs help," with the criminal's lies about intent during the assault and consciousness of guilt after it given more credence than the psychologist who questioned whether Cowan was even capable of the emotion of remorse. After his release, Cowan would go on to offend again, abducting and this time murdering 13-year-old Daniel Morcombe in 2003. However, it is the matter of mandatory sentencing for murderers that Mildren considers "unjust and unfair." He also worries about conditions child rapists might experience in hot, overcrowded prisons, which was his reasoning for shorter sentences given to other sex offenders for crimes reaching back into the 1980s, though how prison maintenance related to sentencing guidelines under the law was unclear.
Mildren was President of the Northern Territory Law Society from 1973–75 and 1979–81. He was also Deputy Chairman of the Northern Territory Legal Practitioners Complaints Committee from 1983–88, Chairman of the Northern Territory Planning Appeals Committee from 1979–85, Chairman of the Northern Territory Council of Law Reporting from 1993–95 and President of the Northern Territory Law Reform Committee from 1991–97. He is a life member of the Criminal Lawyers Association of the Northern Territory.
In 2011, Mildren published a history, "Big Boss Fella All Same Judge – A History of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory". Mildren is also the author of the legal text "The Appellate Jurisdictions of the Courts in Australia" (2015, The Federation Press).
Mildren was a colonel in the Australian Army Legal Corps from 1992–96, after being a lieutenant colonel from 1980–92. He was a Judge Advocate from 1986–96 and was a Defence Force Magistrate from 1986–91. Justice Mildren was also the Chief Legal Officer of the 7th Military District from 1975–86. Mildren has been a Member of the Defence Force Discipline Appeal Tribunal since 1996.
Other interests.
Mildren lectures part-time at Charles Darwin University having been appointed as an adjunct professor of the University in 1997. He has been a Life Member of the Australian Centre of International Arbitration since 1986 and is a Patron of the Friends of the Territory Wildlife Park. He is also a Patron of the Dante Alighieri Society in Darwin and Vice-Patron of the Darwin Cricket Club.

</doc>
<doc id="7044413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044413" title="Guitar Man (Bread album)">
Guitar Man (Bread album)

Guitar Man is the fifth album by Bread, released in 1972.
The album produced three U.S. Top 20 singles: "The Guitar Man" (#11), "Sweet Surrender" (#15), and "Aubrey" (#15).
"Guitar Man" peaked at No. 18 on the "Billboard" 200.
Critical reception.
"Billboard" called the album a "dynamite program," writing that "Aubrey" "is superb." "The New Rolling Stone Record Guide" deemed it a "classic" album, writing that "it's pop, but transcendent pop." The "Birmingham Post" wrote that the highlights "are, not surprisingly, the Gates' compositions, 'Sweet Surrender', 'Aubrey' and the title track, three of the strongest songs he ever contributed to the band."
Track listing.
All tracks written by David Gates, except where noted.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="7044414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044414" title="Hagg ed Dumm">
Hagg ed Dumm



</doc>
<doc id="7044417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044417" title="Basak National High School">
Basak National High School



</doc>
<doc id="7044424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044424" title="Akeldemac">
Akeldemac



</doc>
<doc id="7044427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044427" title="William Dufris">
William Dufris

William Duffy (February 1, 1958 – March 24, 2020) known professionally as William Dufris or Bill Dufris, was an American voice actor and audiobook narrator.
Career.
Dufris began his audio career in London, where he appeared in several BBC Radio plays with Kathleen Turner, Sharon Gless, Stockard Channing, and Helena Bonham-Carter. Moreover, he worked with director Dirk Maggs on his audio drama productions of "Spider-Man" (where he voiced the title role of Spider-Man/Peter Parker), "Judge Dredd", "Voyage" and "An American Werewolf in London".
These experiences led Dufris to co-found the audio production company The Story Circle, Ltd in the UK. Upon returning to the United States, Dufris founded Mind's Eye Productions and co-founded Rocky Coast Radio Theatre and The AudioComics Company, for which he has been producer, director, actor, and engineer. For AudioComics he directed "Starstruck", the first season of Horrorscopes, Titanium Rain, Honey West, and The Batson's for the AudioComics Kids line. He also directed Arigon Starr’s audio comedy "Super Indian" for Native Voices at the Autry in Los Angeles.
He was best known for voicing the title character Bob and other characters like Farmer Pickles, Mr. Beasley and Mr. Sabatini in the American English dub of the British children's animated series "Bob the Builder" until its ninth season. Dufris also voiced Elvis and Dougan in the stop motion TV series "Rocky and the Dodos" for Cosgrove Hall and dubbed several anime films such as "X", "Appleseed" and two of the "Lupin III" films. He is also well known for his narration of the Pendragon books, written by D.J.McHale. 
Dufris was on the Advisory Board of the National Audio Theatre Festivals, Inc. in addition to being a Norman Corwin Award Committee member. He was a guest instructor and performer at the 2005–2007 Audio Theatre Workshops, appearing in the world premiere works "The Best Place to Grow Pumpkins", "Rewind", "Extra-Ordinary", and "Histories".
In 2018, Dufris and Jack Bowman co-founded the audiobook company Dagaz Media.
Dufris died of esophageal cancer at his home in South Portland on March 24, 2020, at the age of 62.
Awards.
Dufris was nominated twelve times as an audiobook finalist for the Audio Publishers Association's Audie Awards, winning in 2012 for Best Non-Fiction. He also garnered 24 Golden Earphones Awards through AudioFile Magazine, and was named by AudioFile as "one of the best voices at the end of the century." "Publishers Weekly" called his performance of Neal Stephenson's novel "Anathem" "a delight for the ears".
Partial list of works.
As audiobook reader.
Playaway reader

</doc>
<doc id="7044428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044428" title="Hagel dema">
Hagel dema



</doc>
<doc id="7044429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044429" title="Absolute irreducibility">
Absolute irreducibility

In mathematics, a multivariate polynomial defined over the rational numbers is absolutely irreducible if it is irreducible over the complex field. For example, formula_1 is absolutely irreducible, but while formula_2 is irreducible over the integers and the reals, it is reducible over the complex numbers as formula_3 and thus not absolutely irreducible.
More generally, a polynomial defined over a field "K" is absolutely irreducible if it is irreducible over every algebraic extension of "K", and an affine algebraic set defined by equations with coefficients in a field "K" is absolutely irreducible if it is not the union of two algebraic sets defined by equations in an algebraically closed extension of "K". In other words, an absolutely irreducible algebraic set is a synonym of an algebraic variety, which emphasizes that the coefficients of the defining equations may not belong to an algebraically closed field.
Absolutely irreducible is also applied, with the same meaning, to linear representations of algebraic groups.
In all cases, being absolutely irreducible is the same as being irreducible over the algebraic closure of the ground field.

</doc>
<doc id="7044430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044430" title="Salvation Army Boys Adventure Corps">
Salvation Army Boys Adventure Corps

SABAC (the Salvation Army Boys' Adventure Corps) is a venture set up by the Salvation Army in the United Kingdom and is the Salvation Army equivalent of the Boys' Brigade or the Church Lads' Brigade. Although SABAC was originally set up just for boys, they are now open to girls. As well as playing games, there is also badge work for the children to work towards.
The uniform consists of a blue shirt with the SABAC patch sewn onto it and blue jeans or smart trousers when on parade.
A similar organization in the United States is the Salvation Army's Adventure Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="7044432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044432" title="Go West Young Man (Michael W. Smith album)">
Go West Young Man (Michael W. Smith album)

Go West Young Man is the sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Michael W. Smith, released on October 1, 1990, through Reunion. This record was his first attempt at mainstream success. It was successful, as it scored a "Billboard" Hot 100 top ten hit with "Place in This World", which peaked at number 6 on the "Billboard Hot" 100 chart in 1991.
Background.
Michael W. Smith most notably performed "Place in This World", which peaked at number 6 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 3 on "Cash Box" (#5 AC), and "For You" on various shows, for example "The Arsenio Hall Show", to promote the album. The record was a mainstream crossover success for Smith and became a platinum album. Videos were produced for both singles released and received much radio airplay. Several of the songs from this album made it into his greatest hits album, "The First Decade (1983-1993)".
Accolades.
GMA Dove Awards

</doc>
<doc id="7044434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044434" title="Akeldamách">
Akeldamách



</doc>
<doc id="7044437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044437" title="Prairial (ship)">
Prairial (ship)

The following ships are named for Prairial:

</doc>
<doc id="7044441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044441" title="Paratheridula perniciosa">
Paratheridula perniciosa



</doc>
<doc id="7044442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044442" title="Strumilin">
Strumilin



</doc>
<doc id="7044445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044445" title="Single purpose vehicle">
Single purpose vehicle



</doc>
<doc id="7044446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044446" title="Bob Saverine">
Bob Saverine

Robert Paul Saverine (born June 2, 1941) is a former Major League Baseball infielder/outfielder. He was signed by the Baltimore Orioles as an amateur free agent before the 1959 season and played for the Orioles (1959, 1962–1964) and the Washington Senators (1966–1967).
Biography.
Saverine was number one in his class at Darien High School and recruited by scouts for both professional baseball and basketball. His father Joseph Saverine is the only person in the Georgetown University's history to have captained both the baseball and football athletic teams in a single year.
Saverine made his Major League debut on September 12, 1959 against the Chicago White Sox at the Memorial Stadium. He entered the game as a pinch runner in the bottom of the eighth inning for Billy Klaus with the Orioles behind 6-0. He advanced to third on a single to right by Al Pilarcik, then scored on a Bob Nieman single to left. Baltimore lost the game 6-1 to Hall of Famer Early Wynn. At the age of 18, Saverine was the youngest player to appear in an American League game that season.
Saverine scored the only run in a rare battle of complete game one-hitters between Orioles left-hander Frank Bertaina and Kansas City Athletics southpaw Bob Meyer. On September 12, 1964, he entered the 0-0 game in the bottom of the 8th as a pinch runner for John Orsino, who had doubled. He moved to third on a Bertaina sacrifice bunt and then scored on a sacrifice fly by Jackie Brandt.
In 1966, he was put in the starting lineup 96 times by Senators manager Gil Hodges, usually as a second baseman. He also had career highs in games played (120), hits (102), at bats (406), batting average (.251), home runs (5), runs batted in (24), and runs scored (54).
Career totals for 379 games include a .239 batting average (206-for-861), 6 HR, 47 RBI, 114 runs scored, and an on-base percentage of .299. Besides second base, Saverine also played shortstop, third base, and all three outfield positions. He played all the positions well but was especially good at short, where he handled 146 out of 148 total chances for a fielding percentage of .986.

</doc>
<doc id="7044448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044448" title="Cademuir International School">
Cademuir International School

Cademuir International School was a specialist school at Moniaive in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.
The school, founded by Robert Mulvey in 1990, was created to serve high ability learners and underachievers with high potential.
Latterly based at Crawfordton House, Moniaive, a listed building, it previously operated from near Peebles.
In 2002, the school was ranked second of 418 schools in Scotland for Higher Grade results.
Following controversial stories in the tabloid press, in 2004, an HMI report criticised the school, "particularly in the care and welfare areas of child protection, vetting of staff and restraint". A follow-up inspection criticised a "lack of stable and effective strategic leadership" on 13 September 2005.
In September 2006 the school went out of business due to financial difficulties. Its roll had dropped from 100 pupils to 34 at the time of its closure.
The school buildings were then placed on the market with an asking price of £1.3 million.

</doc>
<doc id="7044454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044454" title="Single purpose company">
Single purpose company



</doc>
<doc id="7044456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044456" title="Prophet Amos">
Prophet Amos



</doc>
<doc id="7044459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044459" title="Francis Kibiwott Larabal">
Francis Kibiwott Larabal

Francis Kibiwott Larabal (born 15 September 1978 in Kasiela, Baringo District) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes professionally in half marathon and marathon races.
Kibiwott was unusual for a Kenyan runner in that he did not compete extensively in his youth. He began training in seriousness in his twenties, moving to Nyahururu. His first European races came at the 20 van Alphen: he was 13th in 2002 and improved to third place the following year.
He won the 2003 Dam tot Damloop held between Amsterdam and Zaandam, finished in second position in 2004, then won his second title in 2005. His time (45:27) during his second win was the world's fastest time in a 10-mile race that year, out-sprinting the world half marathon champion Fabiano Joseph Naasi. The race was his first after a long period of injuries and he only started training in July 2006 again. In 2006 he also managed to win the Delhi Half Marathon in a new course record. He won the Obudu Ranch International Mountain Race, winning US$50,000 and breaking the course record by five minutes in the process. He also won the Route du Vin Half Marathon that year.
In 2007 he was fourth at the RAK Half Marathon, then was runner-up at the Berlin Half Marathon. He competed at the 2007 IAAF World Road Running Championships in Udine, Italy, finishing 45th. He made a move up to the marathon distance after that season and made his debut at the 2009 Paris Marathon, where he recorded a time of 2:09:13 hours for 12th place in the high calibre race. He improved his best to two hours and nine minutes at the JoongAng Seoul Marathon later that year, a time which brought him his first win over the distance. He was ninth at the Paris race in 2010 and came fifth at the Madrid Marathon in 2011. His first outing of 2012 was at the Tiberias Marathon and he was just two seconds behind the winner Patrick Tambwé, ending the course as the runner-up with a personal record of 2:07:32 hours. He followed this with a course record win in 2:09:05 hours at the Nagano Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="7044466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044466" title="Chawammushi">
Chawammushi



</doc>
<doc id="7044468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044468" title="2003 United States–British–Spanish Draft Resolution on Iraq">
2003 United States–British–Spanish Draft Resolution on Iraq

The 2003 United States–British–Spanish Draft Resolution on Iraq was, according to Ambassador John Negroponte, "a resolution to have the Council decide that Iraq is not complying, is out of compliance, with Resolution 1441". Initially introduced on February 24, 2003, and amended on March 7, 2003, the draft set a March 17 deadline for Iraq to demonstrate "full, unconditional, immediate and active cooperation in accordance with its disarmament obligations." The draft was based on information from the Iraqi defector "Curveball," who claimed Saddam Hussein was in possession of weapons of mass destruction, which Curveball later admitted was untrue. The widely discussed UN resolution was not brought up for formal vote after it became clear that it would not have passed due to opposition from France, Russia, and China. The United States invaded Iraq without UN support on March 20, 2003, initiating the Iraq War.
Background.
Timeline.
2001.
November 21: According to Bob Woodward in Plan of Attack, the US president, George Bush, says to the secretary of defense, Donald Rumsfeld: "Let’s get started on this."
The Bush Administration.
Critics of the war in Iraq argue the Bush Administration had ulterior motives for the UN resolution. Some argue the Bush administration sought to protect American economic interests and used the investigation and eventual invasion of Iraq to preserve control over massive oil preserves. In 2003 about twenty-five percent of world oil production in 2003 came from Iraq. Saddam Hussein controlled about 60% of the world's known oil reserves. The United States economy relies on oil and is the world's largest net importer of oil. An invasion meant the Bush administration would gain control of Iraqi oil fields and potentially decrease the price of oil in other OPEC countries. The UN resolution gave the US greater control of what was happening in the country. Any invasion for failing to cooperate with the resolution gave the Bush administration direct control over the country's resources and thus increasing their power in the middle east. Inspecting Iranian weapons also gave the United States a greater presence in the middle east and allowed for the monitoring of extremism in Iran and Saudi Arabia.
Draft Resolution.
Summary of Draft Resolution.
While the draft consisted of no hard deadlines or explicit threats of military intervention, it states that Saddam Hussein, president of Iraq, has failed to comply with previous UN resolutions. The draft also warned of “serious consequences” if Iraq continued to pursue weapons of mass destruction. The draft was largely in response to Iraq's refusal to follow Resolution 1441. In the ninth point the draft proposes that the council “recognise[es] the threat of Iraq’s non-compliance with Council resolutions” The amendment to the draft on March 7 gives Iraq a deadline, stating that if Iraq refuses to comply with Resolution 1441 by March 17, that there will be further actions taken against Iraq.
Responses and Public Opinion.
Opposition within United Nations.
France, Germany, and Russia were the leaders in the opposition to the draft resolution, and were very vocal in representing the disapproval of the resolution amongst members of the UN Security Council. On March 5, the foreign ministers of France (Dominique de Villepin), Germany (Joschka Fischer), and Russia (Igor Ivanov) held a mini-summit in Paris where they discussed their opposition to the resolution. There was no representative of China at the meeting, but Ivanov announced that China agreed with the three countries in opposition to the resolution. After the meeting, de Villepen spoke at a press conference, saying, “We will not allow a resolution to pass that authorises resorting to force...Russia and France, as permanent members of the security council, will assume their full responsibilities on this point.” de Villepen noted that Iraq should cooperate better with the inspectors, but all three agreed that they had seen progress from Iraq in disarmament and use of force against Iraq would not be the right decision.
Iraqi Response.
Protests in Iraq sprung up shortly after the inception of the war and occasionally caused violent exchanges with the United States military. On April 28, 2003, United States soldiers fired on Iraqi protesters in Baghdad. 13 people were killed and 75 wounded. Two days later, U.S. soldiers fired on a group protesting earlier shootings in Falluja.
Media and Public Opinion.
The impact of 9/11 and the nationalizing sentiment that came with it was a heavy influence on the support of American-initiated invasion and in public support for the president. In a poll published in October 2002, days after President George W. Bush issued a public address on the possibility of invasion, surveyors broke down 10 findings on public opinion. The survey showed that at around this time a majority were still in support of invasion but this support was arguably waning. Support was divided along party lines, with a majority of Republicans in support and a majority of Democrats opposed. President Bush was pushing the message that the United States had attempted all diplomatic methods and was left with no other choice, but only around 46% of the public bought into that narrative, with 49% wanting to see more diplomatic efforts before an invasion took place. Further requisites for stronger public support included an assurance that casualties would be minimized and that the U.N. backed the invasion, which the public later observed was not the case.
In the months leading up to the Iraq War and the abandoning of the resolution, anti-war protests and rhetoric gained momentum. On February 15, 2003, protests emerged in around 650 cities globally with estimates of somewhere between 6 and 11 million participants in the largest standing global protest to ever take place. Opinions in response to the decision to go to war remained polarized, but most Americans express their preference for a diplomatic solution over the invasion. In polls conducted by major media outlets, the justifications by Iraq war supporters were broken down. More Americans, in a 2-1 ratio, supported the idea of invasion if it was on the principle of removing Saddam Hussein from power, and 60% of those with this view were ready to see this invasion take place within weeks. This view was expressed shortly before the draft was suspended and the invasion actually occurred. Public opinion on the war before the invasion also heavily hinged on the UN's response to the United States–British–Spanish Draft Resolution on Iraq. As of March 16, 2003, a day before the abandonment of the resolution, those who were previously in support of invasion would drop to 54% if the UN Security Council rejected the resolution for military action. That number dropped even lower, to 47%, if President Bush would not seek a final Security Council vote before taking military action. Anti-war sentiment was somewhat pervasive among civilians before the war and correlated to one's placement on the political spectrum, but was increasingly more dominant across party lines in the later years when it became clear that the war progressed long past its expected timeline and the more people believed the costs were outweighing the benefits.
Aftermath.
Withdrawal of Draft Resolution.
On March 17, the revised draft resolution was withdrawn by the United Kingdom's Ambassador to the United Nations, Jeremy Greenstock. He spoke on behalf of the United Kingdom, United States, and Spain, and ended his statement by saying, “Given this situation, the co-sponsors have agreed that we will not pursue a vote on the UK/US/Spanish resolution in blue...The co-sponsors reserve their right to take their own steps to secure the disarmament of Iraq.”
On the same day, United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan announced the decision to pull United Nations employees out of Iraq. The 156 inspectors and employees of the International Atomic Energy Agency, as well as the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC), were seen leaving their headquarters in Baghdad.
Beginning of Iraq War.
Bush’s Ultimatum.
On the evening of March 17, President Bush gave an address on live television explaining the current threat of Iraq's weapons, and saying, “America tried to work with the United Nations to address this threat because we wanted to resolve the issue peacefully. We believe in the mission of the United Nations...the United States and our allies are authorized to use force in ridding Iraq of weapons of mass destruction. This is not a question of authority, this is a question of will.” Expressing his disappointment in the disagreement within the Security Council, he said, “The United Nations Security Council has not lived up to its responsibilities, so we will rise to ours.” President Bush then issued an ultimatum to Saddam Hussein, giving him and his sons 48 hours to leave Iraq. If they chose not to comply, the country would face military action. President Bush also advised Americans working in Iraq to leave the country as soon as possible. He promised to aid Iraqis if the United States did go to war with the country's government, and announced further security measures that were being undertaken by the states and coast.
Invasion of Iraq.
The United States moved forward without the support of the United Nations on March 19, 2003. President Bush followed through on his ultimatum to Saddam Hussein and ordered the United States Army to invade Iraq without a declaration of war under the codename “Operation Iraqi Freedom”, signaling the 2003 invasion of Iraq. President Bush gave an address to the United States within an hour of the first attacks on Baghdad, and warned the country that the fight ahead may be, “could be longer and more difficult than some predict.” The operations continued for about a month and a half, On May 1, President Bush gave his Mission Accomplished speech, in which he announced, “Major combat operations in Iraq have ended. In the Battle of Iraq, the United States and our allies have prevailed. And now our coalition is engaged in securing and reconstructing that country.” with a banner reading “Mission Accomplished” visible behind him. However, this United States military involvement did not formally end until December 15, 2011, when United States held a ceremony to mark the full withdrawal of United States troops from Iraq.
United Nations Reaction and Role in Iraq War.
The Iraq War began on March 19, 2003, when the United States and United Kingdom launched a bombing campaign. The war commenced two days after the United States, United Kingdom, and Spain abandoned their joint resolution in the United Nations (UN). Since the UN Security Council refused to endorse the joint resolution and US-UK invasion and occupation in March 2003, the US and UK hoped to ignore the UN and operate without restriction in Iraq. However, Iraqi resistance, economic and political problems, and international criticism forced the US and UK to seek international partners, including assistance from the UN. Controversy ensued as some thought the UN could be the wedge for internationalization and would force US-UK withdrawal, while others thought a UN presence in the war would discredit the UN. Two months after the war, the UN Security Council adopted Security Council Resolution 1483, and UN Security General Kofi Annan appointed a Special Representative for Iraq and the UN assumed small responsibilities in Iraq.
The U.N. Special Representative to Iraq became Vieira de Mello. The main tasks of the representative were to work with U.S. authorities to create a representative government in Iraq, coordinate humanitarian relief, aid reconstruction of Iraq's infrastructure, boost the protection of human rights, and encourage international cooperation to aid the country.
In August 2003, there was a massive bombing of the UN Headquarters in Baghdad which confirmed critics fears. The UN then withdrew from Iraq until February 2004, when under heavy US pressure the UN agreed to send a mission to Iraq to help construct a new government.
Curveball.
Much of the United States’ justification for starting the war was the claim that the Iraqi government was hiding a biological weapon mobile laboratory program. This came from an informant known as “Curveball”, who has since admitted made up the story because he saw an opportunity to topple Saddam Hussein's regime. Curveball was first discovered to be an unreliable source in 2005, and admitted to his false statements in February 2011, revealing himself to be Rafid Ahmed Alwan al-Janabi, an Iraqi defector living in Germany. He stated, “I had a problem with the Saddam regime. I wanted to get rid of him and now I had this chance...Believe me, there was no other way to bring about freedom in Iraq. There were no other possibilities." Janabi stated to the Guardian that he is proud in his part in taking down Saddam. In 2007, Colin Powell told reporters that he had no idea that Curveball's information was at all untrustworthy. Leaders in intelligence, including former deputy director of National Intelligence, Thomas Fingar, have made clear that the decision to trust Curveball was a mistake.

</doc>
<doc id="7044479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044479" title="Sir Horace Hector Hearne">
Sir Horace Hector Hearne



</doc>
<doc id="7044485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044485" title="Sean Barret">
Sean Barret



</doc>
<doc id="7044489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044489" title="Internment of Italian Americans">
Internment of Italian Americans

The internment of Italian Americans refers to the US government's internment of Italian nationals during World War II. As was customary after Italy and the US were at war, they were classified as "enemy aliens" and some were detained by the Department of Justice under the Alien and Sedition Act. In practice, however, the US applied detention only to Italian nationals, not to US citizens or long-term US residents. Italian immigrants had been allowed to gain citizenship through the naturalization process during the years before the war, and by 1940 there were millions of US citizens who had been born in Italy.
In 1942 there were 695,000 Italian immigrants in the United States. Some 1,881 were taken into custody and detained under wartime restrictions; these were applied most often by the United States Department of Justice to diplomats, businessmen, and Italian nationals who were students in the US, especially to exclude them from sensitive coastal areas. In addition, merchant seamen trapped in US ports by the outbreak of war were detained. Italian labor leaders lobbied for recognition as loyal (and not enemy aliens) those Italian Americans who had initiated naturalization before the war broke out; they objected to blanket classification of Italian nationals as subversives.
In 2001 the US Attorney General reported to Congress on a review of treatment by the Department of Justice of Italian Americans during World War II. In 2010, the California Legislature passed a resolution apologizing for US mistreatment of Italian residents during the war.
Terms.
The term "Italian American" does not have a legal definition. It is generally understood to mean ethnic Italians of American nationality, whether Italian-born immigrants to the United States (naturalized or unnaturalized) or American-born people of Italian descent (natural-born U.S. citizens).
The term "enemy alien" has a legal definition. The relevant federal statutes in Chapter 3 of Title 50 of the United States Code, for example par. 21, which applies only to persons 14 years of age or older who are within the United States and not naturalized. Under this provision, which was first defined and enacted in 1798 (in the Alien Enemies Act, one of the four Alien and Sedition Acts) and amended in 1918 (in the Sedition Act of 1918) to apply to females as well as to males, all "natives, citizens, denizens or subjects" of any foreign nation or government with which the United States is at war "are liable to be apprehended, restrained, secured and removed as alien enemies."
At the outbreak of World War II, for example, all persons born in Italy living in the United States, whether US citizens, lawful full-time or part-time residents, or as members of the diplomatic and business community, were considered by law "enemy aliens." However, applying the standard to all persons including US Citizens became problematic given the huge numbers of Italian immigrants and the even larger numbers of their descendants. Accordingly, the government most often applied the term to Italian-born persons who were not United States citizens, but especially to Italian diplomats, Italian businessmen, and Italian international students studying in the United States; all were classified as "enemy aliens" when Italy declared war on the United States. In some cases, such temporary residents were expelled (such as diplomats) or given a chance to leave the country when war was declared. Some were interned, as were the Italian merchant seamen caught in U.S. ports when their ships were impounded when war broke out in Europe in 1939.
The members of the ethnic Italian community in the United States presented an unusual problem. Defined in terms of national origin, it was the largest ethnic community in the United States, having been supplied by a steady flow of immigrants from Italy between the 1880s and 1930. By 1940, there were in the United States millions of native-born Italians who had become American citizens. There were also a great many Italian "enemy aliens", more than 600,000, according to most sources, who had immigrated during the previous decades and had not become naturalized citizens of the United States.
The laws regarding "enemy aliens" did not make ideological distinctions. The U.S. grouped together many types of persons, including pro-Fascist Italian businessmen living for a short time in the U.S. and trapped there when war broke out, anti-Fascist refugees from Italy who arrived a few years earlier intending to become U.S. citizens but who had not completed the process of naturalization, and those who had emigrated from Italy at the turn of the 20th century and raised entire families of native-born Italian Americans but who had not become naturalized. Under the law they were all classified as enemy aliens.
Before United States entry into World War II.
In September 1939, Britain and France declared war against Germany after Adolf Hitler invaded Poland. Aware of the possibility of the war eventually involving the United States, President Franklin D. Roosevelt authorized the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, J. Edgar Hoover, to compile a Custodial Detention Index of those to be arrested in case of national emergency. The Axis powers allied with Germany included Fascist Italy and the Empire of Japan. More than a year before the attack on Pearl Harbor, the Department of Justice began to list possible saboteurs and enemy agents among German, Japanese, and Italian Americans.
In 1940, resident aliens were required to register under the Smith Act.
Timeline of events.
The following is a chronology of events regarding the treatment of "enemy aliens" and the reaction in the Italian American community:
1941 to 1943.
By September 23, 1942, the Justice Department claimed "…From the time of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor until 1 September, 6,800 enemy aliens were apprehended in the United States and half of them have either been paroled or released." Their report dealt with enemy aliens apprehended under the Alien and Sedition Act, who were primarily German nationals.
Attorney General's 2001 Report on Wartime Restrictions.
In response to activists concerned about the treatment of Italian Americans during the war, on November 7, 2000, the U.S. Congress passed the "Wartime Violation of Italian American Civil Liberties Act".() This law, in part, directed the U.S. Attorney General to conduct a comprehensive review of the treatment by the U.S. Government of Italian Americans during World War II and to report on its findings within a year. The Attorney General submitted this report, "A Review of the Restrictions on Persons of Italian Ancestry During World War II", to the U.S. Congress on November 7, 2001, and the House Judiciary Committee released the report to the public on November 27, 2001. The report, covering the period September 1, 1939, to December 31, 1945, describes the authority under which the United States undertook enforcement of wartime restrictions on Italian Americans and detailed these restrictions. 
In addition, the report provides 11 lists, most of which include the names of those most directly affected by the wartime restrictions.
The lists include:
Separately, in 2010, the California Legislature passed by an overwhelming margin a resolution apologizing for US mistreatment of Italian residents in the state during the war, noting restrictions and indignities, as well as loss of jobs and housing.

</doc>
<doc id="7044494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044494" title="Jacket matrices">
Jacket matrices



</doc>
<doc id="7044496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044496" title="James Maule, 4th Earl of Panmure">
James Maule, 4th Earl of Panmure

James Maule, 4th Earl of Panmure (c. 1658 – 11 April 1723) was a Scottish peer.
Biography.
Born in Monifieth, Scotland, James Maule lived at Ballumbie and became the 4th Earl of Panmure in 1686 on the death of his brother, George Maule, the 3rd Earl. he married Margaret, the daughter of William Douglas, Duke of Hamilton. He was responsible for commissioning Alexander Edward to reconstruct Brechin Castle between approximately 1696 and 1709, and he also expanded the family seat of Panmure House.
Lord Panmure was a Privy Councillor to King James VII (ruled 1685–1688), and despite being a Protestant, continued to support James after he was exiled by the Revolution of 1688. He was an early supporter of the Jacobite cause, which aimed to restore James and his successors on the thrones of England and Scotland.
On 3rd April 1696, Lord Panmure was elected to the court of directors of the Company of Scotland trading to Africa and the Indies. His involvement in the affairs of the Company was at least partly political. He saw at as a vehicle for mobilising opinion against William III &amp; II and the Court interest.
In 1707, he encouraged rebellion and the return of James by signing a letter suggesting the country would rise to support him. From the Mercat Cross at Brechin in 1715, he proclaimed James Francis Edward Stuart, son of James VII and known as the "Old Pretender", as King James VIII. Panmure went on to fight at the Battle of Sheriffmuir in November of the same year. He was captured but escaped, with his younger brother Henry, via Arbroath to the Continent the following year. This resulted in the forfeiture of the Panmure title and estates. Maule was honoured by the Old Pretender and followed him to Avignon (1716) and then Rome (1717).
He died of pleurisy in Paris, still in exile having twice refused the opportunity of reconciliation with the British government.
He is mentioned in Robert Burns' poem "The Battle of Sherramuir".

</doc>
<doc id="7044510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044510" title="Distillery F.C.">
Distillery F.C.

Distillery F.C. may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="7044511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044511" title="Sea Lake">
Sea Lake

Sea Lake is a town in the Mallee district of north-west Victoria, Australia and is situated on the southern shores of Lake Tyrrell. The town is located on the Calder Highway, north-west of Melbourne, and west of Swan Hill. Sea Lake is in the heart of Australia's wheat belt, and is the main township for a number of wheat farms in the region. At the , Sea Lake had a population of 619.
History.
The site upon which Sea Lake is situated was first visited by colonists in 1838. Sea Lake may have been given its name by an early settler, Edward Eyre, from the Port Phillip area. Purportedly, the sea-like appearance of Lake Tyrrell inspired Eyre. An alternative version of the naming of Sea Lake comes from a surveyors report of the time when planning the township (which lies to the south of Lake Tyrrell). It is purported that a surveyor mistook a mark on hand drawings "see lake" which had been used by the author of the drawings to mark a landmark.
Lake Tyrrell is the largest salt lake in Victoria, covering approximately . Much of the time, Lake Tyrrell is dry. However, the lake is occasionally fed by Tyrrell Creek. There is a salt extraction plant located in Sea Lake, processing the lake's salt deposits.
A community was established after the arrival of the Kulwin railway line in 1893. The post office opened on 2 October 1895.
The Sea Lake Magistrates' Court closed on 1 January 1983.
Sea Lake has a rich grain farming history and one of the first recorded stations in the area is Tyrrell Downs.
The "Sea Lake", a body of fresh water south of Lake Tyrrell, was described in 1893 as "an assured and ample water supply" for the proposed Wycheproof to Mildura Railway.
It supplied the town and surrounding farms which grew up around it, but in poor seasons it dried up.
Alternate water was arranged, and the golf course now occupies the former Sea Lake.
Local interest.
Sea Lake is located in fairly close proximity to several major national parks, including Wyperfeld National Park and Hattah-Kulkyne National Park. The town of Sea Lake is known for its once-yearly rally car race called the Mallee Rally, held on the Queens Birthday holiday in June and for its silo art. Sea Lake's main newspaper is called the "Times Ensign". The paper was established in 1897.
With its neighbouring townships Culgoa, Berriwillock and Nandaly, Sea Lake has football and netball teams (Sea Lake Nandaly Tigers) competing in the North Central Football League.
Golfers play at the course of the Sea Lake Golf Club.
The township has one hotel, the Royal Hotel (locally known as the Top Pub) and two motels: Lake Tyrrell Accommodation and the Thistledome Motel. A visitors centre is located on Main Street.
At least two local footballers have played at VFL/AFL level. Geoff McMillan (Nandaly) played for Richmond in 1978–79 and Greg Daniels (Sea Lake) played for Collingwood in 1986.
To the south of Sea Lake (some ) lies the fresh water lake - Green Lake. This lake has served the surrounding communities well over the years for water sports recreation and as a holiday retreat. The lake was at its hey day in the 70s particularly when many speed boats and families spent hot summers at the lake. The lake is part of a natural depression and is fed by water by channel. It was dry for many years but around 2009 it was refilled.
Sea Lake also have a Cricket side with the neighbouring town Woomelang forming the Sea Lake Woomelang Cricket Club.
Flora, fauna, and environment.
The Mallee fowl is found in Sea Lake. The region has been suffering from the effects of a long running drought now for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="7044513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044513" title="Toni Barry">
Toni Barry

Toni Barry (born 26 June 1961) is a British voice actress. She is also known to fans of the television show "Press Gang" as Spike's American girlfriend Zoe.

</doc>
<doc id="7044516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044516" title="Cornelis Corneliszoon van Uitgeest">
Cornelis Corneliszoon van Uitgeest

Cornelis Corneliszoon van Uitgeest or Krelis Lootjes () was a Dutch windmill owner from Uitgeest who invented the wind-powered sawmill, which made the conversion of log timber into planks 30 times faster than before.
Biography.
Little is known of his early life. Cornelis Cornelisz was born in the village of Uitgeest and later married Trijn Pieters, the daughter of the flour miller who owned "De Krijger" on the "Meldijk" there. In 1594 he built his first sawmill, a small mill which floated on a raft. In 1595 the mill was sold and moved to Alkmaar. The remains of the mill were accidentally discovered in 2004 during excavations along the Noordhollandsch Kanaal canal.
His wind-powered sawmill used a crankshaft to convert a windmill's circular motion into a back-and-forward motion powering the saw. In his old age, he became a friend of the hydraulic engineer Jan Adriaanszoon Leeghwater who mentioned him as the inventor of the "saag molen" in his book on the Haarlemmermeer. They met during his first major hydraulic project, which was to create the Beemster, a polder that was pumped dry during the period 1609 through 1612.
He was granted a patent on his crankshaft in December, 1593 and was granted an additional patent for improvements in December, 1597 that was documented in the "Resolutiën van de Staten van Holland" on December, 1597. In his request, he called himself a farmer who needed to support a wife and children. His sawmill "Het Juffertje" soon developed into a more advanced version, a type known today as the "paltrokmolen" (post mill), which played a key part in the economic success of the Dutch Republic during the Dutch Golden Age in the 17th century by enabling the mass construction of ships for overseas trade. The mill turned the Zaan district, north of Amsterdam, into the world's first industrial area.
It is not known when exactly he died; it was sometime between 1600 and 1607. 
Other early mill patents.
In addition to inventing the sawmill, Cornelis Corneliszoon van Uitgeest also held various other mill-related patents, including an early version of a centrifugal pump. He was not the first Dutchman to be granted a patent for a windmill. Cornelis Dircksz Muys, an engineer of Delft, was granted a patent for a small windmill in 1589. He later became known for his patent of a small dredger mill on a raft that was successful until the introduction of the steam engine. The first patent registered altogether was in 1584 by Simon Stevin for an unspecified form of water mill (probably to pump water out of a polder). Stevin's later patents were all based on mill technology, and he described his requests with mathematical explanations. He was granted nine patents in 1589, including one for the "molengang", which enabled the use of a stepped series of water mills to be used for creating polders. It was this invention that enabled the creation of the Beemster. Cornelisz van Uitgeest probably knew both of these men personally and he certainly knew their work.
Legacy.
A street in Uitgeest is named for him. The visitor center of the industrial heritage site managed by the Stichting Industriel Erfgoed "De Hoop" in Uitgeest is devoted to his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="7044518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044518" title="List of Albanian actors">
List of Albanian actors

This is a list of actors from Albania, a country in Europe's Balkan Peninsula. The chronological list by year of birth also includes actors from Kosovo, Montenegro, North Macedonia and select actors of Albanian ancestry from around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="7044519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044519" title="Theme From Shaft">
Theme From Shaft



</doc>
<doc id="7044520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044520" title="Edmond Delfour">
Edmond Delfour

Edmond Delfour (1 November 1907 – 19 December 1990) was a French international footballer who played as a midfielder. He played at the 1930, the 1934 and the 1938 FIFA World Cups. Even when he was still a player, he started his coaching career that spanned three decades.
International career.
For France national football team he got 41 caps and scored 2 goals between 1929 and 1938. His first cap was against England on 09/05/1929. His first goal was against Czechoslovakia on 11/05/1930. His second and last goal was against England on 14/05/1931.
He participated at three edition of FIFA World Cup : in 1930, 1934, and 1938. He played the whole 6 France's games in the three tournaments. 
The 1938 FIFA World Cup quarter-final lost against Italy on 12 June 1938 was his last cap.
He was one of the 6 players to have appeared in all three of the pre-war World Cups. The other being teammates Étienne Mattler and Emile Veinante, Romanian Nicolae Kovács, Belgian Bernard Voorhoof and Brazilian Patesko. He was the last surviving of those 6 players.
Honours.
Player.
RC Paris
Coaching career.
While he was still a player, he coached FC Rouen from 1940 to 1945, then Red Star from 1945 to 1946
From 1946 to 1951 he coached Belgian club Gent.
He then managed Stade Français from 1952 to December 1953. He then coached Le Havre AC from January 1954 to 1955.
In 1956, he went back to Belgium to coach several clubs : Gent from 1956 to 1958, Cercle Brugge from 1958 to 1962, Union Saint-Gilloise from 1962 to 1964.
From 1964 to 1965 he managed USC Corte. He then coached Tunisian side Club Sportif de Hammam-Lif from 1966 to 1969. He ended his career at SC Bastia from 1969 to December 1970

</doc>
<doc id="7044529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044529" title="Theme from &quot;Shaft&quot;">
Theme from &quot;Shaft&quot;



</doc>
<doc id="7044532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044532" title="Don Fellows">
Don Fellows

Don Fellows (December 2, 1922 – October 21, 2007) was an American actor known for his roles in British theater and television.
Born in Salt Lake City, Utah and raised in Madison, Wisconsin, Fellows served in the United States Merchant Marine during World War II. He was a graduate of the University of Wisconsin and a member of the Actors Studio. He moved to London in 1973 to further his stage career.
Fellows' TV appearances included "", "Z Cars", "Lillie", "The Sandbaggers", "The Citadel", "The Beiderbecke Tapes", "The Bill" and "Inspector Morse".
His film appearances included "Spy Story" (1976), "The Omen" (1976), "Twilight's Last Gleaming" (1977), "Valentino" (1977), "Licensed to Love and Kill" (1979), "Raiders of the Lost Ark" (1981), "Eye of the Needle" (1981), "Who Dares Wins" (1982), "Electric Dreams" (1984), "" (1987) and "Velvet Goldmine" (1998).
He featured alongside fellow American expatriate actor Ed Bishop in the radio series "".
In 1992, he played the part of Conn Kortchmar, an American GI, in the Radio 4 drama "The Archers".
Throughout his life, Fellows suffered from a stutter, which he was able to suppress while acting. He died in 2007, at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="7044538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044538" title="Barnabas Steinmetz">
Barnabas Steinmetz



</doc>
<doc id="7044540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044540" title="PWTC">
PWTC



</doc>
<doc id="7044545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044545" title="P.W.T.C.">
P.W.T.C.



</doc>
<doc id="7044554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044554" title="Threewave Software">
Threewave Software

Threewave Software, Inc was a videogame developer based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. They are best known for the development of Threewave CTF.
The company has taken on contract work for companies such as Activision, EA, Valve and LucasArts.
They are licensed to develop using the Source engine, id Tech, Unreal Engine, and the Infernal Engine.
The Studio's Executive Team consists of Dan Irish, CEO.

</doc>
<doc id="7044561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044561" title="Verkiai Regional Park">
Verkiai Regional Park

Verkiai Regional Park is one of the Regional Parks in Lithuania. It is located almost entirely in Verkiai elderate of Vilnius municipality.
The park was established in 1992 in order to protect natural complexes of the Green (Žalieji) Lakes and cultural complexes of Verkiai Palace and a park, Kalvarijos and Trinapolis as well as other valuables. The park occupies 2,673 ha (compared to 5,565 ha of the elderate), being one of the biggest city parks in the world. Forests cover 76.5%, reserves occupy 52.7%, and 23.9% of the territory is designated for recreation.
Verkiai Calvary were established in the 17th century. The Calvary was completed in 1669 by the supervision of Dominican friars. It was constructed following the plan of Jerusalem, with the distances, water bodies and elevations being very close to the original. New chapels were constructed in the 18th century in Baroque style. Verkiai Calvary consists of 22 chapels, 7 wooden and brick gates, and two church ensembles. The Calvary have been visited by Christian worshipers from Vilnius region and abroad yearly in Pentecost. Almost all stations were completely destroyed in 1962 under the Soviet rule. After regaining the independence the reconstruction was started. Last chapels were rebuilt in 2002. Today the entire complex is reconstructed and is proclaimed an architectural monument of national significance.

</doc>
<doc id="7044563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044563" title="Garrick Hagon">
Garrick Hagon

Garrick Hagon (; born September 27, 1939) is a British-Canadian actor. He is known for his role as Biggs Darklighter in "Star Wars: A New Hope". His films include "Batman", "Spy Game", "Me and Orson Welles" and "The Message". He was the rebel leader Ky in the "Doctor Who" serial "The Mutants", and played Simon Gerrard, Debbie Aldridge's husband in the BBC's "The Archers".
Early life and career.
Hagon was born on September 27, 1939, in London and raised in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, where he attended UTS and Trinity College (Hon. English, 1963). He acted with Alec Guinness in "Richard III" at the Stratford Festival, where he played for seven seasons and won the Tyrone Guthrie Award in 1963. He guest-starred (as Johnnie Nipick) in the episode "The River" in the CBC television series "The Forest Rangers" in 1964. After studying for a spell with the Royal Court Theatre Studio in London, Hagon then acted with Prospect Productions, in many repertory theatres, in the West End in Arthur Miller’s "All My Sons" (as Chris Kellar) and at the Royal National Theatre in "After The Fall".
As a voice actor, he has been heard in many films and television series, including the UK dub of "Star Fleet/X-Bomber" (as Capt. Carter), the Manga Entertainment U.K. dubbed versions of the "Lupin III" films, "The Secret of Mamo" and "Goodbye Lady Liberty", and in Akira Kurosawa's "Ran". His voice is featured in the video game, "Divinity II: Ego Draconis" and he has recorded over 150 audiobooks for major UK publishers. Hagon has also directed over 100 audiobook recordings, including Michelle Paver's "Wolf Brother" read by Ian McKellen, and "His Dark Materials" by Philip Pullman.
In the original version of "Star Wars: A New Hope", Hagon's role as Biggs Darklighter, Red 3, came to an early but heroic end in the attack on the Death Star in the film's climactic battle scene. In the 2011 Blu-ray release of the "Star Wars" films, Biggs's establishing scene at Anchorhead on Tatooine can be seen in full along with the characters of Fixer and Camie, played by Anthony Forrest and Koo Stark, respectively. Because of his performance as Biggs, Hagon has been invited to several sci-fi conventions and inducted into "Rebel Legions" and "501st Garrisons" - two "Star Wars" fandom groups - around the world.
Hagon's film roles include: Dad in Tim Burton's "Batman", Ammar in Moustapha Akkad's "The Message", CIA Director Wilson in Tony Scott's "Spy Game", Dr. Mewling in Richard Linklater's "Me and Orson Welles", Fr. Loughton in Xie Jin's "The Opium War", Lt. Rafferty in Richard Attenborough's "A Bridge Too Far", the British General in Paul Verhoeven's "Black Book", Eros in Charlton Heston's "Antony and Cleopatra", Jack Ives in Michael Pressman's "Some Kind of Hero", and the American doctor in Olivier Dahan's "La Vie en rose". In 2006, he appeared in an episode of "The Line of Beauty".
In 2012, Hagon appeared in "Doctor Who" series 7 episode 3, "A Town Called Mercy". He also appeared in the video game "" as Henry Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="7044567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044567" title="Kari Enqvist">
Kari Enqvist

Kari-Pekka Enqvist (born February 16, 1954, in Lahti, Finland) is a professor of cosmology in the Department of Physical Sciences at the University of Helsinki. Enqvist was awarded his PhD in theoretical physics in 1983.
Enqvist is the chairman of the scientific advisory board of Skepsis ry (a Finnish sceptics' society) and has written many books that popularize physics.
In 1997 Enqvist was granted the Magnus Ehrnrooth Foundation Physics Award for his efforts in particle physics and cosmology.
In 1999, he was awarded the Tieto-Finlandia award, Finland's most significant award for non-fiction, for his book "Olemisen porteilla ("At the gates of being")".
Enqvist retired from the University of Helsinki in 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="7044570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044570" title="Herman I (archbishop of Cologne)">
Herman I (archbishop of Cologne)

Herman I (died 11 April ) served as Archbishop of Cologne from 889, until his death around 924. He was the son of Erenfried I of Maasgau, of the Ezzonian dynasty.
As chancellor of Zwentibold, King of Lotharingia, he helped to execute in 911 his kingdom's annexation to West Francia. In 921, he was a signatory of the Treaty of Bonn and, in 922, participated in the Synod of Koblenz.
He died around 924 and was buried in the Hildebold Dom in Cologne.

</doc>
<doc id="7044571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044571" title="Change Your World">
Change Your World

Change Your World is a 1992 studio album by Contemporary Christian music artist Michael W. Smith released by Reunion Records.

</doc>
<doc id="7044573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044573" title="Station biologique de Roscoff">
Station biologique de Roscoff

The Station biologique de Roscoff (SBR) is a French marine biology and oceanography research and teaching center. Founded by (1821–1901) in 1872, it is at the present time affiliated to the Sorbonne Faculty of Science and Engineering (part of Sorbonne University) and the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS).
Overview.
The Station biologique is situated in Roscoff on the northern coast of Brittany (France) about 60 km east of Brest. Its location offers access to exceptional variety of biotopes, most of which are accessible at low tide. These biotopes support a large variety of both plant (700) and animal (3000) marine species. Founded in 1872 by Professor Henri de Lacaze-Duthiers (then Zoology Chair at the Sorbonne University ), the SBR constitutes, since March 1985, the Internal School 937 of the Pierre and Marie Curie University (UPMC). In November 1985, the SBR was given the status of Oceanographic Observatory by the Institut National des Sciences de l'Univers et de l'Environnement (National Institute for the Cosmological and Environmental Sciences; INSU). The SBR is also, since January 2001, a Research Federation within the Life Sciences Department of the CNRS.
The personnel of the SBR, which includes about 200 permanent staff, consists of scientists, teaching scientists, technicians, postdoctoral fellows, PhD students and administrative staff. These personnel is organized into various research groups within research units that are recognised by the Life Sciences Department of the CNRS (the current research units have the following codes: FR 2424, UMR 8227, UMR 7144, UMI 3614 and USR 3151). The various research groups work on a wide range of topics, ranging from investigation of the fine structure and function of biological macromolecules to global oceanic studies. Genomic approaches constitute an important part of many of the research programmes, notably via the European Network of Excellence "Marine Genomics" which is coordinated by the SBR. With the accommodation facilities at its hotel and its teaching facilities and equipment, the SBR provides conditions for teaching a range of subjects including zoology, phycology and coastal oceanography. Teaching at the SBR includes courses that form part of the UPMC Master's program and the European Socrates. The SBR is part of the network "BioGenOuest" and give access to different technological platforms as sequencing, mass spectrometry, microscopy and bioinformatics. The station publishes (since 1960) a bilingual scientific journal, the "Cahiers de Biologie Marine" (CBM). The SBR also hosts between 12 and 15 national and international conferences per year, including the Jacques Monod Conferences.

</doc>
<doc id="7044578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044578" title="Cornelis Cornelisz">
Cornelis Cornelisz



</doc>
<doc id="7044580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044580" title="Ma’afu">
Ma’afu



</doc>
<doc id="7044590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044590" title="Université Pierre et Marie Curie">
Université Pierre et Marie Curie



</doc>
<doc id="7044591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044591" title="Coffee Republic">
Coffee Republic

Coffee Republic is a British coffee bar and deli franchise chain founded in 1995.
History.
Coffee Republic was founded in 1995 by brother and sister team Bobby and Sahar Hashemi, opening its first site in London's South Molton Street.
In 1996 Coffee Republic Ltd was founded in Greece by Kostas Dalakouras and partners, and still operates in Horeca market all over Greece, providing gourmet coffee products and services. The company is Coffee Republic S.a. now and owns the national trademark for Greece.
By 1997 Coffee Republic had opened a further seven stores in London and opened its first stores in Newcastle and Manchester.
The group was listed on AIM in 1998 by reversing into Arion Properties. The group grew to 24 branches after opening 17 new sites between March and November and had expanded to York, Birkenhead, Newcastle and Manchester.
Coffee Republic switched from AIM to the full list in July 2000. At this point, it had 61 coffee bars and cafés and announced plans to open 80 more by 2002.
Bobby Hashemi stepped down as chief executive in March 2001, but continued as a non-executive director; he returned as executive chairman in the summer of 2002.
Coffee Republic bought the GoodBean coffee bar chain in December 2001, thus gaining 12 outlets in south-east England and seven further sites under construction. The acquisition took the group to 108 outlets.
In July 2002, the group announced plans to halt its expansion programme, sell underperforming bars and launch a strategic business review as annual losses grew. A number of takeover talks ensued with easyGroup, Benjys and Caffè Nero but all offers were rejected. Coffee Republic sold 13 sites to Starbucks and returned to an AIM listing.
In August 2003, Coffee Republic unveiled a survival plan to convert itself into a New York–style deli-bar chain called Coffee Republic Deli and whittle its numbers down to a core of 50 outlets. It piloted the concept at Baker Street and Exchange Street in London.
In June 2004 Coffee Republic sold eight outlets in Cardiff and southern England to Caffè Nero.
The group signed its first franchise deal in November 2005 and ended the year with four franchised outlets. It intended to retain just 10 to 15 bars under company ownership.
In October 2006 Founder Bobby Hashemi was ousted in a shareholder revolt and replaced as chairman by Peter Breach.
The company signed a franchise agreement in 2007, with the intent to see the brand launched in Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland and also Turkey. In June 2006 its first bar opened in Bulgaria in Burgas, and in July its first bar opened in Turkey in Istanbul.
From 1 May 2008, customers were offered free Wi-Fi across the majority of UK coffee bar estate (10 minutes free then further access subject to purchase). The WiFi is supplied by CommsPort.
Another bar was opened in Malta Airport.
In June 2008 its first bar opened in Romania in Bucharest.
In July 2008 Coffee Republic announced that Steven Bartlett, the former shareholder who ousted the company's founder, had stepped down as chief executive.
In August 2008 the first bar in Kuwait opened.
In December a contactless loyalty card trial was launched with sQuid.
The company's first bar opened in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia in January 2009 but has since closed.
The company was placed into administration in early July 2009 and trading in shares was suspended. At the end of July, following the closure of 18 bars, Coffee Republic was bought out of administration by property firm Arab Investment Ltd. The new company trades as Coffee Republic Trading Ltd.
Concession Partners.
Coffee Republic has 99 Concessions operated by 7 partners:
Greene King,
Cineworld,
Ealing Londis,
Travelodge,
Shell,
Enterprise Inns,
London Town Hotels.

</doc>
<doc id="7044608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044608" title="Canna 'Bengal Tiger'">
Canna 'Bengal Tiger'

"Canna" 'Bengal Tiger' is an Italian Group canna cultivar with variegated foliage; plant height 190 cm; foliage height 140 cm; upright stems and gently spreading leaves; ovoid foliage, background of green (137A); veins variegated yellow (mostly 13B), but paler in places (13D); maroon edge to leaf; staminodes, labellum and stamen bright orange (28B) blushed a darker, reddish (32A) in places; yellow (15A) on edges; stigma deep orange-red; petals strongly flushed red. The flower has a crumpled silk appearance; seed and pollen has very low fertility levels; rhizomes thick, up to 3 cm in diameter.
History.
Originated at the Agri Horticultural Society of India, Bengal in the 1960s. It was later transported to the African continent, by Sydney Percy-Lancaster, the Secretary of the Society, when he retired to Rhodesia; hence the synonym of C. 'Pretoria' when it was discovered by US plant collectors in South Africa in the late 1960s. Also imported to the United States from India in 1963 by Glasshouse Works.
In 2002, granted the 'Award of Garden Merit' (AGM) in the Canna outdoor trials held at RHS Wisley, under the synonym of "Canna" 'Striata'
Synonyms.
The following list of synonyms is not complete, as some new ones have been created recently.

</doc>
<doc id="7044611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044611" title="Stacey Q.">
Stacey Q.



</doc>
<doc id="7044618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044618" title="Paratheridula">
Paratheridula

Paratheridula is a monotypic genus of comb-footed spiders containing the single species, Paratheridula perniciosa. The sole species was first described in 1886 under the name "Theridion perniciosum". The genus was first described by Herbert Walter Levi in 1957, though it has been described under several different names, including "Mysmena 4-maculata", "Theridion quadrimaculatum", and "Theridion arcadicum",
It has been found from Florida to southern Chile, with a possible pantropical distribution, and is suspected to have been introduced elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="7044620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044620" title="Alberico Evani">
Alberico Evani

Alberico Evani (; born 1 January 1963), sometimes misspelled as Alberigo Evani, is an Italian football manager and former player, who was deployed as a midfielder. He started his club career with AC Milan, where he spent the majority of his playing career, winning several trophies during his 13 seasons at the club, including, three Serie A titles and two European Cups; he later also played for Sampdoria, Reggiana, and Carrarese. At international level, he represented Italy at the 1994 FIFA World Cup, where they reached the final. 
Club career.
Born in Massa, Tuscany, Evani played in Serie A 353 times with 16 goals. After starting out in the A.C. Milan youth academy, he was promoted to the A.C. Milan senior team, where he developed into a quick left-sided midfielder, with good technique. Although he was not as fast or as skilful as some of Milan's more notable players at the time, Evani's consistency, work-rate, and versatility along the left wing proved vital to the Milan senior team, especially during Arrigo Sacchi's reign, and subsequently under Fabio Capello.
Evani was handed his debut at the age of 18 in 1981, going on to wear the "Rossoneri" shirt for the next 13 years. His honours while at Milan included two promotions from Serie B, three Serie A titles, two European Cups, two Italian Super Cups, two European Super Cups and two Intercontinental Cups, scoring the winner against Atlético Nacional in their 1989 triumph, winning the "Man of the Match Award". He left Milan in 1993 to join Sampdoria, the club with which he won the Coppa Italia in 1994, staying there for four years until moving to Serie B side Reggiana in 1997, and ending his career at Carrarese in 1998, in Serie C1.
International career.
Evani had represented the Italy under-21 side, and the Italy under-23 side at the 1988 Olympics, where they reached the semi-finals, finishing in fourth place. When Sacchi was appointed as Italy coach, Evani became regular member of the Italy national side; in total he made 15 appearances for Italy. He made his debut for Italy on 21 December 1991 in a 2–0 win over Cyprus. He subsequently represented his country at the 1994 FIFA World Cup, appearing in Italy's opening defeat to Ireland, and scoring a penalty kick in the shootout loss to Brazil in the final.
Style of play.
Although Evani was not gifted with outstanding pace for a winger, or the ability to wizard his way past defenders with elaborate feints, he developed into a dynamic and skilful left-sided midfielder, whose speed, discipline and dependable qualities proved vital to the success of the Milan senior team during the late 80s and early 90s; his technique, distribution, crossing ability, and in particular his tendency to make attacking runs along the left flank enabled him to excel in this position. Due to his tactical intelligence, versatility, positional sense, professionalism, stamina, and defensive work-rate, he was also capable of holding his position and covering defensively for the overlapping runs of the attacking full-backs, or for the late runs of his other midfield teammates; these qualities also made him capable of playing as a full-back, a position which he frequently occupied earlier on in his career. He was even used as a central midfielder in his later career, after losing some of his pace, due to his ability to start attacking plays with his passing. Evani was also an accurate set-piece taker, and possessed a powerful shot from outside the area. Throughout his career Evani was nicknamed "Bubu," because of his apparent similarity to Yogi Bear’s sidekick Boo-Boo.
Managerial career.
After his retirement, Evani returned to A.C. Milan, serving as youth team coach for the "Allievi Nazionali" (16- to 17-year-old players), being crowned as national champions in 2007, then starting undertaking coaching qualifications. In June 2009 he was announced as new head coach of Lega Pro Seconda Divisione club San Marino Calcio. He was removed from his coaching post in April 2010 despite being in second place with his team, citing internal problems within the team and difficult relationships with the board as the main reasons for his dismissal.
In August 2010 Evani was appointed head coach of the Italy U18.
On 6 August 2013, Evani was appointed the coach of Italy U20.
On 6 February 2018, Evani was appointed the caretaker manager of Italy U21 for March friendlies against Norway and Serbia, while Luigi Di Biagio was appointed caretaker manager of the senior Italy national team until Di Biagio returned on 15 May. Later that month, senior side coach Roberto Mancini named Evani an assistant coach. In November 2020, after Mancini tested positive for COVID-19 amid its pandemic in Italy, Evani became the stand in manager for a friendly match against Estonia (4–0 win), and the final two 2020–21 UEFA Nations League A matches against Poland and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
On 7 April 2025, Evani was hired as the new head coach of Serie B club Sampdoria, returning to the "Blucerchiati" with the goal to save the team from relegation, with Mancini's former coaching staff of Attilio Lombardo, Angelo Gregucci and Paolo Bertelli alongside him. He eventually achieved that result, after defeating Salernitana in a two-legged relegation playoff; however, despite that, he was not confirmed in charge of Sampdoria and departed by the end of the season, together with his staff.
Honours.
Player.
Milan
Sampdoria
Italy
Individual
Manager.
Milan

</doc>
<doc id="7044623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044623" title="Rome media releases">
Rome media releases



</doc>
<doc id="7044644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044644" title="Theridula">
Theridula

Theridula is a genus of cobweb spiders, found in many (mostly tropical) parts of the world. Species vary in size from 1 to 3.5 mm in length.
In females, the abdomen is wider than long, with a hump or horn on each side, and sometimes a posterior median horn. The pedipalp in males is simple, lacking a conductor or theridioid tegular apophysis.
Theridula spiders are frequently found on bushes or tall grass where they rest on the undersides of leaves near their webs.

</doc>
<doc id="7044647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044647" title="Herman II (archbishop of Cologne)">
Herman II (archbishop of Cologne)

Herman II ( – 11 February 1056), a member of the Ezzonid dynasty, was Archbishop of Cologne from 1036 until his death. According to historian Henryk Zieliński, Hermann was the most influential of the German metropolitans.
Life.
He was the son of the Lotharingian Count Palatine Ezzo (955–1043) and his wife Matilda of Germany, Countess Palatine of Lotharingia (979–1025), a daughter of Emperor Otto II and his consort Theophanu. He was a member of the Ezzonian dynasty. Herman's younger brother Otto became Duke of Swabia in 1045; among his sisters were Richeza, who married the Polish King Mieszko II Lambert, and Theophanu, Abbess of Essen.
Pope Benedict IX elevated him to the College of Cardinals around 1036, at the same time the Salian Emperor Conrad II appointed him Archbishop and granted important privileges to the Church in Cologne. Herman accompanied Conrad on his Italian campaign and remained loyal to his successor Henry III. 
In 1049 he received Pope Leo IX in Cologne and in 1051 consecrated Goslar Cathedral. His "claritas generis" allowed him to baptise and crown the emperor's newborn son Henry IV, a privilege that was disputed by Archbishop Luitpold I of Mainz. Herman also supported the emperor during the revolt led by Herman's nephew Duke Conrad I of Bavaria.
As Cologne archbishop he served as Archchancellor of the Italian kingdom ("Regnum Italicum") and is also mentioned as protector of Brauweiler Abbey (1053). He evolved plans to rebuild Cologne Cathedral modelled on St. Peter's in Rome. He and his sister Ida had the Romanesque St. Maria im Kapitol church built from about 1040 onwards, following the example of the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore. He also built St. Maria ad Gradus, where his sister Richeza was initially buried. In 1050 he dedicated the collegiate Church of St. Simon and St. Jude in Goslar.
Archbishop Herman II died in Cologne and is buried in Cologne Cathedral. In the 13th century, the present-day Romanian city of Sibiu received its German name "Hermannstadt" in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="7044648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044648" title="Leverett de Veber Chipman">
Leverett de Veber Chipman

Leverett de Veber Chipman (October 20, 1831 – January 8, 1914) was a Nova Scotia businessman and political figure. He represented Kings in the House of Commons of Canada as a Liberal member from 1870 to 1874.
He was born in Cornwallis, Nova Scotia in 1831, the son of William Henry Chipman and Sophia Araminta Cogswell. Chipman was educated at the Horton Academy and Acadia College. He entered business as a hardware merchant in Cornwallis. In 1853, he married Nancy Leonard Moore. He was first elected to the House of Commons in 1870 after the death of his father, who had been elected in Kings in 1867. Chipman served as a lieutenant-colonel in the local militia. He was an agent for the Bank of Nova Scotia in Kentville. He was also auditor for the town of Kentville and clerk for Kings County. He died in Kentville in 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="7044651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044651" title="Samir El-Youssef">
Samir El-Youssef

Samir El-Youssef (; born 1965) is a Palestinian-British writer and critic.
He was born in Rashidieh, a Palestinian refugee camp in southern Lebanon, where he lived until he was ten, before moving to Sidon, Lebanon. El-Youssef's father is a Sunni and his mother is from the only Shia Palestinian family. He emigrated to Cyprus in 1989, and since 1990 has been living in London, where he studied philosophy and gained a Master of Arts degree from Birkbeck, University of London. In 2000, he was granted British citizenship.
He writes in both Arabic and English, and some of his work has been translated into German, Italian, Greek and Norwegian. In 2004, he co-authored a book with Israeli author Etgar Keret, called "Gaza Blues: Different Stories".
His 2007 book "The Illusion of Return" is his first novel written in English. He is also an essayist with a wide range of interests including literature, politics, philosophy and cultural studies. His essays and reviews have appeared in Arabic periodicals and newspapers such as the London-based "Al-Hayat", as well as on openDemocracy.net, "The Guardian's" Comment is Free and in the "New Statesman".
In 2005, the Swedish branch of the organisation International PEN granted El-Youssef the Tucholsky award, named after Kurt Tucholsky and given each year to a writer or publisher who is either being persecuted or threatened, or living in exile.

</doc>
<doc id="7044659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044659" title="International Foundation for Internal Freedom">
International Foundation for Internal Freedom



</doc>
<doc id="7044660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044660" title="Roddlesworth">
Roddlesworth

Roddlesworth is a hamlet in the parish of Withnell in Lancashire, England. It lies on the road connecting Preston with Bolton.
The name is first encountered as "Rodtholfeswrtha" (1160), meaning "the homestead of Hrothwulf".

</doc>
<doc id="7044662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044662" title="Fiducial inference">
Fiducial inference

Fiducial inference is one of a number of different types of statistical inference. These are rules, intended for general application, by which conclusions can be drawn from samples of data. In modern statistical practice, attempts to work with fiducial inference have fallen out of fashion in favour of frequentist inference, Bayesian inference and decision theory. However, fiducial inference is important in the history of statistics since its development led to the parallel development of concepts and tools in theoretical statistics that are widely used. Some current research in statistical methodology is either explicitly linked to fiducial inference or is closely connected to it.
Background.
The general approach of fiducial inference was proposed by Ronald Fisher. Here "fiducial" comes from the Latin for faith. Fiducial inference can be interpreted as an attempt to perform inverse probability without calling on prior probability distributions. Fiducial inference quickly attracted controversy and was never widely accepted. Indeed, counter-examples to the claims of Fisher for fiducial inference were soon published. These counter-examples cast doubt on the coherence of "fiducial inference" as a system of statistical inference or inductive logic. Other studies showed that, where the steps of fiducial inference are said to lead to "fiducial probabilities" (or "fiducial distributions"), these probabilities lack the property of additivity, and so cannot constitute a probability measure.
The concept of fiducial inference can be outlined by comparing its treatment of the problem of interval estimation in relation to other modes of statistical inference.
Fisher designed the fiducial method to meet perceived problems with the Bayesian approach, at a time when the frequentist approach had yet to be fully developed. Such problems related to the need to assign a prior distribution to the unknown values. The aim was to have a procedure, like the Bayesian method, whose results could still be given an inverse probability interpretation based on the actual data observed. The method proceeds by attempting to derive a "fiducial distribution", which is a measure of the degree of faith that can be put on any given value of the unknown parameter and is faithful to the data in the sense that the method uses all available information.
Unfortunately Fisher did not give a general definition of the fiducial method and he denied that the method could always be applied. His only examples were for a single parameter; different generalisations have been given when there are several parameters. A relatively complete presentation of the fiducial approach to inference is given by Quenouille (1958), while Williams (1959) describes the application of fiducial analysis to the calibration problem (also known as "inverse regression") in regression analysis. Further discussion of fiducial inference is given by Kendall &amp; Stuart (1973).
The fiducial distribution.
Fisher required the existence of a sufficient statistic for the fiducial method to apply. Suppose there is a single sufficient statistic for a single parameter. That is, suppose that the conditional distribution of the data given the statistic does not depend on the value of the parameter. For example, suppose that "n" independent observations are uniformly distributed on the interval formula_1. The maximum, "X", of the "n" observations is a sufficient statistic for "ω". If only "X" is recorded and the values of the remaining observations are forgotten, these remaining observations are equally likely to have had any values in the interval formula_2. This statement does not depend on the value of "ω". Then "X" contains all the available information about "ω" and the other observations could have given no further information.
The cumulative distribution function of "X" is
Probability statements about "X"/"ω" may be made. For example, given "α", a value of "a" can be chosen with 0 &lt; "a" &lt; 1 such that
Thus
Then Fisher might say that this statement may be inverted into the form
In this latter statement, "ω" is now regarded as variable and "X" is fixed, whereas previously it was the other way round. This distribution of "ω" is the "fiducial distribution" which may be used to form fiducial intervals that represent degrees of belief.
The calculation is identical to the pivotal method for finding a confidence interval, but the interpretation is different. In fact older books use the terms "confidence interval" and "fiducial interval" interchangeably. Notice that the fiducial distribution is uniquely defined when a single sufficient statistic exists.
The pivotal method is based on a random variable that is a function of both the observations and the parameters but whose distribution does not depend on the parameter. Such random variables are called pivotal quantities. By using these, probability statements about the observations and parameters may be made in which the probabilities do not depend on the parameters and these may be inverted by solving for the parameters in much the same way as in the example above. However, this is only equivalent to the fiducial method if the pivotal quantity is uniquely defined based on a sufficient statistic.
A fiducial interval could be taken to be just a different name for a confidence interval and give it the fiducial interpretation. But the definition might not then be unique. Fisher would have denied that this interpretation is correct: for him, the fiducial distribution had to be defined uniquely and it had to use all the information in the sample.
Status of the approach.
Fisher admitted that "fiducial inference" had problems. Fisher wrote to George A. Barnard that he was "not clear in the head" about one problem on fiducial inference, and, also writing to Barnard, Fisher complained that his theory seemed to have only "an asymptotic approach to intelligibility". Later Fisher confessed that "I don't understand yet what fiducial probability does. We shall have to live with it a long time before we know what it's doing for us. But it should not be ignored just because we don't yet have a clear interpretation".
Dennis Lindley showed that fiducial probability lacked additivity, and so was not a probability measure. Cox points out that the same argument applies to the so-called "confidence distribution" associated with confidence intervals, so the conclusion to be drawn from this is moot. Fisher sketched "proofs" of results using fiducial probability. When the conclusions of Fisher's fiducial arguments are not false, many have been shown to also follow from Bayesian inference.
In 1978, J. G. Pederson wrote that "the fiducial argument has had very limited success and is now essentially dead". Davison wrote "A few subsequent attempts have been made to resurrect fiducialism, but it now seems largely of historical importance, particularly in view of its restricted range of applicability when set alongside models of current interest."
Fiducial inference is still being studied and its principles may be valuable for some scientific applications.

</doc>
<doc id="7044672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044672" title="Navies of landlocked countries">
Navies of landlocked countries

A landlocked navy is a naval force operated by a country that does not have a coastline. While these states are unable to develop a sea-going, blue-water navy, they may still deploy armed forces on major lakes or rivers. Such forces are often referred to as brown-water navies.
There are several reasons a landlocked country may choose to maintain a navy. If a river or lake forms a national border, countries may feel the need to protect and patrol that border with a military force. In some regions, roads may be unreliable or circuitous, and a river or lake may be the easiest way to move military forces around the country. Sometimes, possession of a body of water may actually be contested – for example, countries around the landlocked Caspian Sea have different views of how ownership should be divided.
Patrol boats of various types are the most common craft among landlocked navies. Some landlocked navies possess troop or vehicle transports, allowing ground forces to cross or travel along a lake or river.
The operation of military forces in lakes and rivers is not limited to landlocked countries. Many states maintain these forces in addition to their seagoing navy. They may be part of the same organisation (e.g. the Russian Caspian Flotilla) or not (e.g. U.S. Coast Guard).
Landlocked countries with non-independent maritime units.
Other countries operate water-based military forces without actually establishing an independent navy—instead, responsibility may be given to a branch of a different service.

</doc>
<doc id="7044674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044674" title="Fiducial probability">
Fiducial probability



</doc>
<doc id="7044677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044677" title="Tobitakyu Station">
Tobitakyu Station



</doc>
<doc id="7044678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044678" title="Large toadlet">
Large toadlet

The large toadlet or great toadlet or major toadlet (Pseudophryne major) is a species of ground-dwelling frog native to eastern Queensland (including Moreton and North Stradbroke Island) and northern New South Wales, Australia.
Description.
It is a relatively large species for its genus reaching about 40 mm in length, making it the largest Australian "toadlet". It is normally red-brown on the back with darker marbling and scattered warts and ridges. There is often a red mid-dorsal stripe present. There is a golden yellow patch in the armpits and the side and arms are bluish grey. The ventral surface is dark brown or black with yellowish white marbling. Its snout is relatively sharp.
Ecology and behaviour.
This species inhabits in damp areas, creek lines or bogs in dry forest, woodland, sclerophyll forest and heathland. They often live in burrows or damp leaf litter, frequently under rocks or logs. Males make a grating "ark" call after rain from hidden localities, during most of the year. Eggs are laid in moist situations and hatch after heavy rain floods the nest site where tadpoles continue their development in temporary to semi permanent water.
Similar species.
This species is similar to the Bibron's toadlet ("Pseudophryne bibronii") from which it can be distinguished by having more red on the back, pointed snout and blue-grey flanks. It is also similar to the magnificent brood frog ("Pseudophryne covacevichae") from which it can be distinguished from by distribution. copper-backed brood frog ("Pseudophryne raveni") the red-backed toadlet ("Pseudophryne coriacea") are also similar to this species, however they can be distinguished by a larger amount of red or copper on the back and a white, not yellow arm patch.

</doc>
<doc id="7044679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044679" title="Low Saxon–Low Franconian languages">
Low Saxon–Low Franconian languages



</doc>
<doc id="7044683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044683" title="Factor (finance)">
Factor (finance)



</doc>
<doc id="7044699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044699" title="Thomas Purcell of Loughmoe">
Thomas Purcell of Loughmoe

Thomas Purcell, Baron of Loughmoe (1538 – c. 1607) was an Irish nobleman, who fought alongside Crown Forces during the Desmond Rebellions from 1569 to 1573 and again in from 1579 to 1583. 
Biography.
Sir Thomas Purcell was born to Patrick Purcell and Johanna Rothe. He had a wife named Joan (Fitzpatrick) Purcell and fathered at least four sons and two daughters. Purcell was a member of the wealthy Purcell family, who were at the time a family of great import in the area. He was a Catholic.
In 1569 when the Desmond Rebellions occurred, Purcell and his followers, were among the forces who fought against them under the Crown Forces, commanded by Sir Henry Sidney and Thomas Butler, 10th Earl of Ormond. According to State papers he was described as "the Baron of Logmaye, chief of the Purcells in Tiberarye, a follower of the Butlers by force" 
On the last day of the Second Desmond Rebellion, Purcell escaped from the fighting, ending his career in warfare. He retired as Baron of Loughmoe in 1599 and was succeeded by his son Ralph Purcell who died in 1610.
"Cumha Bharúin Loch Mór".
Thomas' greatest legacy is most likely a 1599 harp composition he commissioned to be played at his funeral, titled (). The lament was probably commissioned by Purcell for his impending death.
Purcell had written his last will in March 1597, John Scott composed his lament in 1599, and the Baron eventually died on 3 August 1607.

</doc>
<doc id="7044703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044703" title="Monwid">
Monwid



</doc>
<doc id="7044706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044706" title="Bosworth commuity college leicester">
Bosworth commuity college leicester



</doc>
<doc id="7044708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044708" title="Renewables obligation certificate">
Renewables obligation certificate



</doc>
<doc id="7044709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044709" title="BNSD Inter College">
BNSD Inter College

Bishambhar Nath Sanatan Dharam Inter College is an intermediate college in Chunniganj, Kanpur, India. It educates students up to class XII. It was founded in 1939. The college provides education in Science, Commerce, Arts and other subjects. Siddha Nath Gupta (S.N. Gupta) is the principal and is in office from 1 April 2022.
It is named after Rai Bhadur Bishambhar Nath who was an industrialist, banner, freedom fighter and social worker. He devoted his life to the cause of national integration, and to the spread of the Gandhian way of life.
Rajiv L. Gupta, the Indian-American businessman, attended the College in the late 1950s when it was a middle and high school. In his self-published 2016 autobiography Gupta attributed his later confidence to his time at the school and said the teaching had impressed upon him the importance of structure.this is school for both girls and boys now
Ram Nath Kovind, 14th President of India is a former student. On the day of his swearing-in the College held a celebratory lunch. In February 2019 President Kovind attended a function at BNSD Shista Niketan to honour three of his former teachers at BNSD Inter College.
Other notable alumni include the film director, David Dhawan, mathematician Harish-Chandra and politician Salil Vishnoi.
In September 2022 a sports academy was opened at the College to train students in five activities, including badminton, table tennis and chess. It is reported to be the first such facility in the 113 non-government aided secondary schools in Kanpur.

</doc>
<doc id="7044711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044711" title="Pseudophryne major">
Pseudophryne major



</doc>
<doc id="7044713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044713" title="The First Decade (1983–1993)">
The First Decade (1983–1993)

The First Decade (1983–1993) is a compilation album from Christian recording artist Michael W. Smith. This album also features two new songs "Do You Dream of Me?" and "Kentucky Rose". A follow-up compilation album, "The Second Decade (1993–2003)", was released ten years later, picking up where "The First Decade" left off.
Personnel.
Credits for new recordings
Production.
Studios

</doc>
<doc id="7044717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044717" title="Great Toadlet">
Great Toadlet



</doc>
<doc id="7044718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044718" title="Nine (Shankar Mahadevan album)">
Nine (Shankar Mahadevan album)

Nine is a 2003 second studio album by Shankar Mahadevan, in which he explores nine "moods", one in each song.

</doc>
<doc id="7044721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044721" title="Major Toadlet">
Major Toadlet



</doc>
<doc id="7044749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044749" title="Neil Young (football player)">
Neil Young (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="7044752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044752" title="Eperisone">
Eperisone

Eperisone (formulated as the eperisone hydrochloride salt) is an antispasmodic drug.
Eperisone acts by relaxing both skeletal muscles and vascular smooth muscles, and demonstrates a variety of effects such as reduction of myotonia, improvement of circulation, and suppression of the pain reflex. The drug inhibits the vicious circle of myotonia by decreasing pain, ischaemia, and hypertonia in skeletal muscles, thus alleviating stiffness and spasticity, and facilitating muscle movement
Eperisone also improves dizziness and tinnitus associated with cerebrovascular disorders or cervical spondylosis.
Eperisone has a relatively low incidence of sedation when compared with other antispasmodic drugs; this simplifies the clinical application of the drug and makes it an attractive choice for patients who require antispasmodic therapy without a reduction in alertness.
Eperisone also facilitates voluntary movement of the upper and lower extremities without reducing muscle power; it is therefore useful during the initial stage of rehabilitation and as a supporting drug during subsequent rehabilitative therapy.
Presentation.
Eperisone hydrochloride is available as the brand name preparations Myonal and Epry as 50 mg sugar-coated tablets, or as 10% granules for oral administration. An experimental form of the drug, as a transdermal patch system, has shown promising results in laboratory tests on rodents; however, this product is not currently available for human use.
Dosage and administration.
In adults, the usual dose of eperisone is 50–150 mg per day, in divided doses, after meals. However, the dosage is adjusted by the prescribing clinician depending on factors such as severity of symptoms, patient age and response.
Eperisone has not been established as definitely safe for paediatric use, therefore its use in paediatrics cannot be recommended without further study.
If elderly patients are treated with eperisone, a reduced dose is recommended, and the patient should be closely monitored for signs of physiological hypofunction during treatment.
Safety during pregnancy and breast-feeding.
Eperisone has not been established to be safe for use by pregnant women; therefore the drug should not be used in pregnant women, or women who may be pregnant, if the expected therapeutic benefits will outweigh the possible risks associated with treatment. The manufacturers of Myonal recommend the drug not be used during lactation (breast-feeding). If eperisone must be used, the patient is advised to stop breast-feeding for the duration of treatment. Eperisone has been reported to be excreted in breast milk in an animal study (in rats).
Contraindications.
Eperisone is contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to the drug.
Side effects: 'very rare' excessive relaxation, stomachache, nausea, vertigo, anorexia, drowsiness, skin rashes, diarrhoea, vomiting, indigestion, GI disturbances, insomnia, headache, constipation etc.
Cautions.
Eperisone should be administered with care in patients with a history of hypersensitivity to any medication, or with disorders of liver function (it may aggravate hepatic dysfunction).
Weakness, light-headedness, sleepiness or other symptoms may occur. In the event of such symptoms, the dosage should be reduced or treatment discontinued. Patients should be cautioned against engaging in potentially hazardous activities requiring alertness, such as operating machinery or driving a car.
Drug interactions.
There have been reports of disturbances in ocular accommodation occurring after the concomitant use of the related drug tolperisone hydrochloride and methocarbamol.
Safety in overdose.
Seizures have been reported in an infant after accidental ingestion of eperisone.
Future developments.
Eperisone suffers from a very low bioavailability when taken orally, as a result of high first pass intestinal metabolism; a transdermal patch containing eperisone is currently in development in South Korea. This has shown promise, with the antispasmodic effect lasting over 24 hours, compared to one to two hours following oral administration.
Eperisone is also under investigation as an antihypertensive agent, with promising results from trials on beagles.
Brand names.
Eperisone is marketed under many brand names worldwide.
See also.
Chemically and mechanistically related drugs:

</doc>
<doc id="7044755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044755" title="Richard Mantell">
Richard Mantell

Richard Bryce Mantell (born 17 August 1981) is an English former field hockey defender who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He is the older brother of Simon Mantell.
Biography.
Mantell was born in Bridgwater, Somerset, and studied at the University of Bath. He is nicknamed "Rick" or "Ricky" or "Tricky". He has played club hockey for Reading in the Men's England Hockey League from 2003 to 2018.
Mantell made his international debut on 10 February 2003 and was a member of the England squad that competed at the 2006 
After competing in the 2007 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy, he represented Great Britain at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, competing in the men's tournament.
Mantell then competed in the 2009 Men's Hockey Champions Trophy and was also part of the winning squad at the 2009 EuroHockey Championship. he played in the 2010 Hockey World Cup and represented England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi.
Mantell retired in 2018. 

</doc>
<doc id="7044768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044768" title="Black Hill, Victoria">
Black Hill, Victoria

 
Black Hill is a suburb of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia in the northeast of the city. It is named after the major landmark, Black Hill, on which there was extensive and highly profitable open-cut gold mining from the early 1850s during the Victoria gold rush. The hill was originally known as Bowdun by the Wadawurrung people, but was later renamed Black Hill by surveyor William Urquhart.
This is a suburb that many locals claim to be the ‘Fitzroy of Ballarat’, due to its high house price, large blocks of land and distance to the CBD.
The population at the 2021 census was 2,124.
Topography.
The suburb, at is highest, is some 520m above sea level. The suburb is bordered to the south and east by the Yarrowee River and to the north by Howitt Street, Walker Street and Boronia/Haimes Road and Reid Street to the west by Havelock and Rowe Streets. The Yarrowee River, Ballarat's major linear corridor, adjoins the reserve to the south. Urban areas of residential development adjoin the Reserve to the north, east and west.
History.
According to Federation University's "Ballarat and District Industrial Heritage Project", Black Hill was known as 'Bowdun' by the local Wadawurrung people, until it was renamed by the surveyor William Urquart in 1851. The subtitle 'Black Hill' was given by Urquart in reference to the dense canopy of trees. However, extensive mining over the 1850s saw the hill stripped of trees and significantly reduced in height, as well as the creation of a valley. It became a focal point for quartz causing operations at this time, with the erection of a crushing battery at the base of the hill, probably the first in Australia. As late as 1856 this is evidence that Indigenous peoples lived amongst miners at Black Hill, with some oral history accounts of child minding during the Eureka Rebellion.
By the mid-1860s the hill became known as the "White Cliffs of Ballarat" due to the open cut mining operations which exposed cliffs of sandstone. The various buildings associated with the mine would have been located at the base of the hill across from the Newman Street footbridge that exists today. On the southern side of the Yarrowee River were the Black Hill Flats, which were mined extensively for gold which was located at the surface and in deep leads far below. The flats are now located in the suburb of Ballarat East. By 1907 mining operations had almost ended and the hill was turned into a reserve. Local community groups, including the girl guides, planted Montarey pine ("pinus radiata"), many of which still exist today.
Black Hill Post Office opened on 7 June 1864.
Education.
The local primary school is "Black Hill Primary School", located on Chisholm Street, which was started in 1878, although the initial request to government was made earlier in 1862. It is government owned and has a kindergarten. The school has students from prep to year 6. It has 526 students enrolled as of 2019.
Parks and reserves.
One reserve in the area is the Black Hill Reserve and is approximately 21 hectares and is located about 1.7 km northeast of the Ballarat CBD. The hill is a dominant landmark within the urban landscape of Ballarat and the lookout area at the top of the hill provides a carpark lookout over Ballarat, encompassing the East around to the airport. The reserve's terrain is steep and undulating with significant areas of exposed soils. The landscape has since been heavily forested with mature pine trees in plantations and more recent plantings of native trees. There is extensive observable evidence of its mining history, including only tunnels. The hill has many downhill mountain bike riding trails, varying in difficulty.
Black Hill also has a public swimming pool, with a solar heated 25m outdoor pool, toddlers pool, BBQ and picnic facilities, which is open from November to the end of March. Although it is generally closed if the temperature is below 23 degrees.
There is another reserve, Chisholm Street Reserve, which is a large grassland. Both of these reserves are leash free areas, meaning that you take your dog off the lead.
Transport.
Black Hill has 2 bus routes, operated by CDC Ballarat. Route 13 goes from the Ballarat CBD to Invermay Park via Peel Street, Macarthur St and Lydiard St. Route 14 goes from the Ballarat CBD to part of Brown Hill and Chisholm Street, up Peel St and Havelock St and loops around Walker and Norman Sts. Black Hill's main north–south road is Peel Street. The east–west main road is Chisholm Street.

</doc>
<doc id="7044776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044776" title="Newport Bridge">
Newport Bridge

Newport Bridge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7044778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044778" title="Chang Kum-song">
Chang Kum-song



</doc>
<doc id="7044779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044779" title="Greg Theakston">
Greg Theakston

Greg Allen Theakston (November 21, 1953 – April 22, 2019) was an American comics artist and illustrator who worked for numerous publishers. He is known for his independent publications as a comics historian under his Pure Imagination imprint, as well as for developing the Theakstonizing process used in comics restoration. He used the pseudonym Earl P. Wooten.
Early career.
Greg Theakston became involved in the Detroit area fandom community, contributing to Detroit's Fantasy Fans and Comic-collector's Group on their fanzine "The Fan Informer" (1968–71), as well as his own publication, "The Aardvark Annual" (1968), and "Titan". For much of the 1970s Theakston helped organize the Detroit Triple Fan Fair, credited as one of the first conventions in the United States dedicated to comic books, eventually owning it after working on a number of shows.
After graduating from Redford High School in 1971, Theakston worked with artist Jim Steranko at his Supergraphics publishing company in Reading, Pennsylvania. He moved with partner Carl Lundgren to upstate New York in 1972, where he began illustrating for men's magazines, including "Gent", "Dude" and "Nugget". He also inked samples of Jim Starlin's early pencils, which helped Starlin gain his first work for Marvel Comics in 1972.
Illustration and comics.
Theakston built his portfolio and expanded to paperbacks and magazines, including Berkley Books, Dell, Ace, DAW, Zebra, Tor, St. Martin's Press, Warner, Ballantine Books, Belmont-Tower, "If" and "Galaxy Science Fiction". He was an original member of the Crusty Bunkers, and worked closely with Neal Adams at Continuity Associates between 1972 and 1979, producing animatics, storyboards, comic art and various commercial advertising assignments.
Among other various assignments were jobs for Marvel Comics, DC Comics, Image Comics, Warren Comics, "New York Daily News", Archie Comics, as well as periodicals magazines including "National Lampoon", "The New York Times", Kitchen Sink, "Playboy", "TV Guide" and "Rolling Stone". He was a "Mad" illustrator for ten years and has worked regularly with numerous comics publishers on projects such as "Omega Men", "Super Powers", "DC Comics Presents", DC's "Who's Who" and "Planet of the Apes".
Posters and publishing.
Theakston's movie poster work include "Invaders From Mars". He has seven lithographs in the permanent collection of The Museum of Modern Art.
Theakston founded and operated Pure Imagination, a comic book and magazine publisher since 1975. His biographical work includes an estimated 200,000 words on Jack Kirby, his long-time friend and work associate, 250,000 words on Bettie Page, numerous pieces on great comic book artists, and pop culture figures for Pure Imagination and other publishers including "Mad", "Penthouse" and "Playboy".
Comics restoration.
His name has been given to a process called "Theakstonizing", a term coined by DC Comics executive editor, Dick Giordano, which bleaches color from old comics pages, used in the restoration for reprinting. He reconstructed over 12,000 pages of classic comic art, including work on Superman, Batman, Captain America, Green Lantern, The Flash, Porky Pig, The Spirit, The Human Torch, Sub-Mariner, Archie, "Dick Tracy", Torchy, "Pogo" and numerous collections of popular comics artists, including Jack Kirby, Alex Toth, Basil Wolverton, Steve Ditko, Frank Frazetta, Jack Cole, Lou Fine, Wallace Wood, and many others.
Awards.
Theakston received the Shel Dorf Torch Bearer's Award in 2010 "[f]or Preserving the Flame of the Spirit of Comics and Carrying the Torch Forward in the Comic Industry."

</doc>
<doc id="7044795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044795" title="Laws of logic">
Laws of logic

Law of logic may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7044797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044797" title="Chang Geum-song">
Chang Geum-song



</doc>
<doc id="7044798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044798" title="Samir el youssef">
Samir el youssef



</doc>
<doc id="7044802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044802" title="Bruno III von Berg">
Bruno III von Berg

Bruno III of Berg (German: "Bruno III von Berg") was Archbishop of Cologne and Duke of Westphalia from 1191 until 1193.
The fifth son of Adolf IV, Count of Berg, he is first mentioned in 1156 as provost of St. George in Cologne, and in 1168 as provost at Cologne Cathedral. Named in 1191 Archbishop of Cologne, he resigned in 1193, and finished his life as a monk in Altenberg. He died in 1193, and is buried in Altenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="7044817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044817" title="KFC Skin Piles">
KFC Skin Piles



</doc>
<doc id="7044821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044821" title="Ving">
Ving

Ving may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7044823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044823" title="K07AAD-D">
K07AAD-D



</doc>
<doc id="7044848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044848" title="Al Andaluz">
Al Andaluz



</doc>
<doc id="7044857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044857" title="Frederick II (archbishop of Cologne)">
Frederick II (archbishop of Cologne)

Friedrich II of Berg (1120 – 15 December 1158), was Archbishop of Cologne from 1156 until his death in 1158.
Life.
He was a son of Adolf IV, Count of Berg, and his second wife Irmgard von Wasserburg. He was the brother of Archbishop Bruno III of Berg, a nephew of Archbishop Bruno II von Berg and an uncle of Archbishop and Saint Engelbert II of Berg.
In 1150 he was elected Bishop von Utrecht but that election was not accepted by Conrad III of Germany and he was never confirmed in the position.
In May 1156 in another disputed election, this time in Cologne, the college elected Gerhard von Bonn while the young Domherren chose Frederick von Berg as archbishop. In the end both parties asked the Emperor Frederick I Barbarossa to decide. The Emperor confirmed Frederick as new archbishop, gave him the Imperial Regalia, and sent him immediately to Rome for his Ordination, where Pope Adrian IV confirmed him.
Frederick has gone in history as an outstanding man, who had won the heart of many by his kindness and friendliness. The Xanten Totenbuch describes him as "a Prince of the highest humanity".
He was always loyal to the Emperor and accompanied him during the second campaign in Italy. There he died on 15 December 1158 in Pavia following an accidental fall from his horse. He is buried in Altenberg .

</doc>
<doc id="7044858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044858" title="Freiberger">
Freiberger

The Freiberger or Franches-Montagnes is a Swiss breed of horse of light draught type. It originates in the Canton of Jura in north-western Switzerland, and is named for the Freiberge or Franches-Montagnes District in the south of that canton. It is widely distributed in Switzerland, and is also present in France and Belgium.
It was formerly used principally as a farm horse or by the Swiss army; it is now used mainly for driving and riding. The is an annual fair for the breed held in Saignelégier, capital of the Franches-Montagnes District.
Characteristics.
The Freiberger is variable in type, from a riding horse to a light draught horse conformation. Mares average in weight and in height at the withers; the average height and weight for stallions and geldings are and . The usual coat colours are bay and chestnut, with only minimal white markings.
History.
The Freiberger originates in the historic Jura region of Switzerland; use of horses in agricultural work and as post-horses is documented there from about 1620.
By the early nineteenth century, there were active breeders in the district of Franches-Montagnes. In 1817, there were breeding mares. The horses were bred for use in agriculture and by the army as pack animals and artillery horses. There were imports of Anglo-Normans in 1821, and of Hanoverian, Oldenburger and other horses from England and France in 1830, all with the aim of correcting the perceived faults of the native breed – a heavy head, a short neck and a sloping croup – although its overall build was considered good.
The name Freiberger appeared in the late nineteenth century, used for the three types of horse previously named after the districts of Franches-Montagnes, Porrentruy, and Delémont. These types were called "cheval de Jura" and later "Franches-Montagnes" regardless of the district from which they originated. They had also been known as the "race welsche".
Until the early twentieth century there were named sub-types, such as the Anglo-Jura – with Thoroughbred blood - and the Normand-Jura, with some Anglo-Norman ancestry. It was only in the late twentieth century that the name (Cheval des) Franches-Montagnes became official. The in Saignelégier, a combined show, race and market dedicated to the breed, has been held annually since 1897.
Some cross-breeding with imported Swedish Warmblood stock took place in the 1960s.
A stud-book was established in 1960. It was closed to any external admixture in 1997. In the same year a breed association, the Schweizerischer Freibergerverband or Fédération suisse d’élevage du cheval de la race des Franches-Montagnes, was established. 
Although the Freiberger breed is not at risk, with an estimated total population in 2017 of about , of which approximately were in Switzerland, the original type – those with 2% or less of foreign blood – is endangered. An interest group for the preservation of this stock was formed in 1996 as the or . In 1999 the total number of such horses was decreasing rapidly, with a remaining stock of about 300 mares and 30 stallions. In 2003 a conservation programme for the original type was established by the interest group, in collaboration with ProSpecieRara and with the Swiss National Stud Farm at Avenches.
Use.
The traditional uses were as a draught horse for agricultural work, or as a military horse, either as a saddle horse or as a pack animal. In the twenty-first century it is used both as a riding mount and for driving.

</doc>
<doc id="7044861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044861" title="Chris Hicks (rugby league)">
Chris Hicks (rugby league)

Chris Hicks (born 19 March 1977) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s, 2000s and 2010s. He last played for the Parramatta Eels of the National Rugby League (NRL). A former New South Wales country origin representative or , he has previously played in the NRL for the Penrith Panthers and Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles as well as playing for Warrington Wolves of the Super League.
Playing career.
Early NRL career.
Hicks made his NRL début for the Penrith Panthers in 1997. In six years with the Penrith club, Hicks scored just under 300 points. In 2004, Hicks made his return to the NRL, this time for the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles. Hicks spent four years with the Manly outfit and played in their 2007 NRL grand final defeat to the Melbourne Storm.
Super League.
Hicks signed for the Warrington Wolves in the Super League for the 2008 season. At 30 years old he joined Manly team-mate Michael Monaghan in moving to the Wolves for the 2008 season.
In his first season with Warrington, he scored in every single game after adopting kicking duties for the club. The first time he failed to score in a Warrington game came in a 60–8 defeat away at Harlequins on Saturday 24 March 2009, five games into his second season with the Warrington side. In each of his three years at Warrington, Hicks was the team's top try-scorer. While he was with Warrington, the team won two Challenge Cups. Hicks scored a hat-trick in the 2010 Challenge Cup Final victory over Leeds at Wembley Stadium.
Retirement and return to NRL.
On 3 December 2010, it was announced that Hicks had retired with immediate effect to make room for Warrington's new signing, Joel Monaghan. However, the retirement was very short-lived. Within a fortnight, Hicks signed a one-year deal with the Parramatta Eels to help fill the gap left by the retiring Eric Grothe Jr. Hicks retired at the end the 2011 NRL season. In round 26 against the Sydney Roosters, Hicks scored a try in his 200th Game.

</doc>
<doc id="7044864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044864" title="Lead Bismuth Eutectic">
Lead Bismuth Eutectic



</doc>
<doc id="7044868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044868" title="South Hedland, Western Australia">
South Hedland, Western Australia

South Hedland (or Port Hedland City Centre) is a suburb of the Town of Port Hedland, in the Pilbara region in north-western Western Australia. It is the CBD of the Town of Port Hedland and is the Port Hedland Town Centre. It can be reached by the North West Coastal Highway and Great Northern Highway. It contains Hedland Senior High School.
History.
The Commonwealth Government's 1960 decision to lift an embargo on iron ore exports led to the rapid expansion of mining in the Pilbara and the creation of several new towns, including South Hedland.
The original design of the South Hedland townsite was inspired by the Radburn principles. Four residential neighbourhoods where to cluster around a commercial core connected by parkways and pedestrian connections. Following the completion of the first neighbourhood the design was considered a failure by residents and government authorities and abandoned in 1974, although it has continued to shape the overall town layout to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="7044871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044871" title="Colorado and Southern Railway">
Colorado and Southern Railway

The Colorado and Southern Railway was an American Class I railroad in the western United States that operated independently from 1898 to 1908, then as part of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad until it was absorbed into the Burlington Northern Railroad in 1981.
The railway began as the consolidation of bankrupt railroads in 1898. The Colorado Central Railroad and Cheyenne and Northern Railway were brought together to form the Union Pacific, Denver and Gulf Railway in 1890. When Union Pacific went bankrupt in 1893 they were separated from the Union Pacific and united with the Denver, Leadville and Gunnison Railway and others, by Frank Trumbull to form the Colorado and Southern Railroad in 1898. In 1908 the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad bought control of the C&amp;S. It would later merge into the Burlington Northern Railroad in 1981.
At the end of 1970 it operated 692 miles of road on 1116 miles of track; that year it reported of revenue freight. In 1980 route-miles had dropped to 678 but ton-miles had ballooned to : Powder River coal had arrived.
C&amp;S was also the parent company of the Fort Worth and Denver Railway, which ran from a connection at Texline south and east into Texas. The FW&amp;D was established as a separate company because Texas law required that railroads operating within its borders must be incorporated within that state.
Narrow gauge.
The Colorado and Southern 3-ft-gauge lines were formed in 1898 from the Colorado Central and the Denver, South Park and Pacific Railroads. The narrow gauge operations had four distinct portions: the Platte Canyon Line from Denver to Como, the Gunnison Line from Como to Gunnison via Alpine Tunnel, Highline between Como and Leadville, and the Clear Creek rail line from Denver to Silver Plume. Major Branch lines were the Baldwin branch between Gunnison and Baldwin; the Keystone from Dickey to Keystone; the Blackhawk branch between Forks Creek and Central City; the Alma Branch from Como to Alma; and the Morrison Branch from Denver to Morrison. The Colorado and Southern narrow gauge operations never owned a new engine, all the motive power was inherited from the former companies.
The Gilpin Railroad (earlier the Gilpin Tramway Company) was a 2 ft (610 mm) narrow gauge railway in Gilpin County operating from 1887 to 1917. However, on June 27, 1906, the Gilpin had been sold to the Colorado and Southern.
Downfall of the narrow gauge.
The Colorado and Southern narrow gauge was slowly abandoned piece by piece in the 33 years between 1910 and 1943. The first line to close was part of the Gunnison Line between Hancock and Quartz. This included Alpine Tunnel, although rail was not removed until the 1940s. The isolated segments between Quartz and Gunnison and Gunnison to Baldwin were leased and later sold to the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad. Quartz to Gunnison survived until 1936 and the Baldwin Branch lasted until 1954. The next line to be ripped up was between Garos and Buena Vista. This left another isolated line between Buena Vista and Hancock, which was abandoned four years later. The Morrison Branch was removed in 1926. In 1931 the portion of the Blackhawk branch between Central City and Blackhawk was removed. Times were tough during the Great Depression and by the end the narrow gauge was worn out. What was left of the former Denver South Park &amp; Pacific between Denver and Leadville including the Alma and Keystone branches was removed in the summer of 1938, excluding the 20-mile portion between Denver and Waterton and the 14-mile segment between Leadville and Climax. The next line to fall was between Silver Plume and Idaho Springs, in 1939. This included the famous Georgetown Loop. In May 1941 the last of the Clear Creek lines began being torn up between Golden, Colorado and Idaho Springs. This included the Blackhawk branch. The dual-gauge third rail that had allowed narrow-gauge trains to run between Denver and Golden was also removed. (However, the standard gauge segment still exists today to serve the Coors Brewery.) Most of the track was removed in 1942 between Waterton and Chatfield. The rest was converted to standard gauge, ending all narrow-gauge service out of Denver. The last narrow-gauge operation, between Leadville and the Climax mines, was converted to standard gauge to handle heavy traffic from World War II. The last Colorado and Southern narrow-gauge train, pulled by engine 76, ran the 28 mile roundtrip on August 25, 1943. The next day standard-gauge locomotives began hauling the loads. The C&amp;S narrow gauge thus became part of history.
Narrow gauge today.
Not much of the narrow gauge survives today. There are five surviving Locomotives: C&amp;S #31 (Baldwin, 1880) is at the Colorado Railroad Museum painted as Denver Leadville and Gunnison 191, (pictured above) (Baldwin, 1897) is on display in Central City, Colorado, C&amp;S #9 (Cooke, 1884) is on display in Breckenridge, Colorado, C&amp;S #60 (Rhode Island, 1886) is on display in Idaho Springs, Colorado, and C&amp;S #74 (Brooks, 1898) is currently on display at the Colorado Railroad Museum in Golden, Colorado. Two roundhouses survive in Como, Colorado and Leadville, Colorado. Rolling stock has been scattered across the US. Some are on display in Colorado, one mail car found its way to Nebraska, and some boxcars are on the White Pass and Yukon Route in Alaska. Remaining Water towers are the French Gulch tank near Leadville, Bakers tank near Breckenridge, and Halfway tank near Alpine Tunnel. The Georgetown Loop was rebuilt as a tourist railroad in the 1980s and can be ridden from April through the first week in January.
Predecessor railroads.
The following lines were consolidated between 1890 and 1900 to form the C&amp;S:

</doc>
<doc id="7044884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044884" title="M dwarf">
M dwarf



</doc>
<doc id="7044897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044897" title="I'll Lead You Home">
I'll Lead You Home

I'll Lead You Home is a 1995 album by Michael W. Smith released by Reunion Records.
Sales and charts.
The album entered the "Billboard" 200 at number 16, making it the highest-debuting Christian album in the history of the chart. It also topped the 'Top Contemporary Christian' chart. Released in August 1995, by December of that year it had sold over 51,500 copies in the Christian Bookstore market alone.
Reception.
The album received a four and a half out of five star review from Allmusic, with Stephen Thomas Erlewine commenting on the "gospel songs with glistening, immaculate pop production". James Lloyd, reviewing the album for the "Dayton Daily News" considered it "his best work to date".
The album won the 1996 Grammy Award in the 'Best Pop-Contemporary Gospel Album' category, giving Smith his second Grammy win.
Tour.
Smith toured in support of the album in 1996. Support came from Lori and Micah Wilshire (who he subsequently signed to his Rocketown Records label), Three Crosses, and Jars of Clay. Micah Wilshire had contributed backing vocals to the album.
Personnel.
Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="7044913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044913" title="Agri Horticultural Society of India">
Agri Horticultural Society of India

The Agri Horticultural Society of India was founded in 1820 by William Carey on Alipore Road, Kolkata. It has a flower garden, greenhouses, a research laboratory, and a library. It houses a massive collection of plants and flowers, and features a significant collection of botanical varieties, including Cannas, for which it has a long and distinguished tradition, with facilities for gardeners and plant/flower lovers.

</doc>
<doc id="7044916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044916" title="Richard Jobson (footballer)">
Richard Jobson (footballer)

Richard Ian Jobson (born 9 May 1963) is an English former footballer who made nearly 600 appearances in the Football League and Premier League over a twenty-year career, representing Watford, Hull City, Oldham Athletic, Leeds United, Southend United, Manchester City, Tranmere Rovers and Rochdale. He was capped twice for England B, and spent a year as chairman of the Professional Footballers' Association.
Career.
Jobson was born in Hull. He began his football career playing part-time for Burton Albion in the Northern Premier League while studying for a civil engineering degree at the University of Nottingham. In 1982, he abandoned his studies when Graham Taylor signed him for First Division club Watford. He played 13 times for the Hornets in 1982–83 – their first top division season ever – and scored once as they finished second. He managed 13 league appearances again in 1983–84 – this time scoring twice – but did not make the squad for the FA Cup final, which Watford lost 2–0 to Everton. He played twice, scoring once, in the 1984–85 season before accepting a £40,000 offer to join Third Division promotion challengers Hull City on 7 February 1985.
He quickly established himself as a regular in the Boothferry Park defence, securing promotion to the Second Division for the 1985–86 season and then helped them finish an impressive sixth at that level, just missing out on a place in the First Division for the first time. This was the closest he would come to a top flight return for another five years.
After 221 league appearances for them he was signed by Joe Royle's Oldham Athletic for a club record fee of £460,000 in 1990. He was a key player in their promotion to the first Division, and was called up to Taylor's England squad for matches in Czechoslovakia, but played only in the B internationals.
In five years, he played 189 league games for the Latics, scoring 10 goals. As well as the Second Division title medal in 1991, he came close to collecting a major honour in 1994 when the Latics reached the FA Cup semi-finals and only a late equaliser by Manchester United's Mark Hughes, followed by a 4–1 hammering in the replay, prevented Jobson for having a crack at the FA Cup final appearance he had missed out on with Watford a decade earlier. The Latics were relegated from the FA Premier League just after this disappointment, but Jobson remained loyal to them for more than a year afterwards despite their failure to return to the elite.
Jobson moved to Leeds United for £1 million on 26 October 1995, a year after Oldham's relegation from the Premiership, but his Leeds career was disrupted by injury and he spent time on loan to Southend United in 1997–98. He scored his first and only goal for Leeds in a 1–1 draw with Wimbledon in December 1995. Later that season he rejoined Joe Royle, then at Manchester City. Again, he suffered injuries, but still helped City reach the Premiership with two successive promotions. Royle decided that the 37-year-old Jobson was too old for the Premiership and he joined Tranmere Rovers. His only season at Prenton Park ended in relegation from Division One, and he then signed for Rochdale. He helped them qualify for the Division Three playoffs in his first season at Spotland, but featured less frequently in the following campaign and retired in May 2003, playing the final game of his career six days before his 40th birthday. By this date, he was one of the oldest professional players in England.
PFA work.
Jobson succeeded Nick Cusack as chairman of the Professional Footballers' Association (PFA) in November 2002, remaining in the post until he retired as a player. He then joined the PFA staff, and in 2009 was a senior executive in their player management department. He is married with three children.

</doc>
<doc id="7044920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044920" title="Paul Hurst (Actor)">
Paul Hurst (Actor)



</doc>
<doc id="7044921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044921" title="Guovdageaidnu">
Guovdageaidnu



</doc>
<doc id="7044922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044922" title="The Road to Freedom (L. Ron Hubbard album)">
The Road to Freedom (L. Ron Hubbard album)

The Road to Freedom is a 1986 record album by "L. Ron Hubbard &amp; Friends". Artists that worked on the album include John Travolta, Chick Corea, Leif Garrett, Frank Stallone, and Karen Black.
Production and marketing.
The album was produced by the Church of Scientology and their recording studio Golden Era Productions. The Church of Scientology says the album achieved its gold record within four months of its release. The cover art for the original album and the updated version of the same cover feature a long bridge meandering off into the sky. This is reminiscent of "The Bridge to Total Freedom" that appears on the Scientology introductory book, "What is Scientology". The album was promoted with a live performance, which was recorded and sold by the Church of Scientology.
The Church of Scientology put out advertising directed towards its WISE International membership that directed them to order multiple copies of the album (offered in half-dozen lots) to give to associates as a means to introduce people to the concepts of Scientology. The advertising calls this album "the perfect dissemination tool". This album was published by Revenimus Music Publishing, the music publishing division of the Church of Scientology, which also published the album "Mission Earth", which was also written by L. Ron Hubbard and produced, arranged, and performed by Edgar Winter.
Reception.
The album was panned by critics. Jonathan Leggett of "The Guardian" compared it to the 2001 album "The Joy of Creating - The Golden Era Musicians And Friends Play L Ron Hubbard" which features Doug E. Fresh and Isaac Hayes, writing, "As with Joy of Creating, the lyrics are rotten." Leggett noted, at one stage Travolta croons: "'Reality is me, reality is you. Yeah, yeah, yeah...'" He wrote critically of the album, commenting, "Although praised on websites as 'a musical masterpiece' it actually sounds like the kind of jazz noodle that they used to demonstrate CD players in Dixons in the 1980s."
In popular culture.
Writer Kyle Jarrow incorporated musical themes from "The Road to Freedom" into the songs he wrote for his 2003 Obie Award-winning play, "A Very Merry Unauthorized Children's Scientology Pageant". Jarrow explained that he was trying to discover what liturgical music existed in Scientology, and he came to believe that there were strong correlations between the album and 1980s pop.

</doc>
<doc id="7044926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044926" title="Bajit Spielgajávri">
Bajit Spielgajávri

Bajit Spielgajávri is a lake in Guovdageainnu Municipality (Kautokeino) in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies less than west of the lake Vuolit Spielgajávri and about northeast of the village of Kautokeino.

</doc>
<doc id="7044931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044931" title="Bootleg a Bootleg, You Cut Out the Middleman">
Bootleg a Bootleg, You Cut Out the Middleman



</doc>
<doc id="7044938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044938" title="Bajášjávri">
Bajášjávri

Bajášjávri is a lake in Guovdageainnu Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, about west of the border with Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="7044939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044939" title="Samir el Youssef">
Samir el Youssef



</doc>
<doc id="7044940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044940" title="List of state highways in Tamil Nadu">
List of state highways in Tamil Nadu

State Highways in India are stretches with heavy traffic intensity of more than 10,000 Passenger Car Units (PCUs) but less than 30,000 PCUs which connects district headquarters, important towns and the National Highways in the state and neighboring states. The Construction &amp; Maintenance wing of the Highways Department manages construction and maintenance of all the State Highways (SH), major district roads (MDR), and other district roads (ODR). The Tamil Nadu State Highways Network has eight circles: Chennai, Villupuram, Madurai, Salem, Tiruchirappalli, Coimbatore, Tiruppur and Tirunelveli.
The state has a total of 286 state highways, 161 state highways urban (SH-U) stretches and 905 major district roads (MDRs), apart from other district roads (ODRs).
List of state highways.
This is a list of state highways in Tamil Nadu (as of March 2019).
List of state highways urban.
This is a list of state highways urban stretches in Tamil Nadu (as of March 2019).

</doc>
<doc id="7044943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044943" title="Biggejávri">
Biggejávri

Biggejávri is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, about southwest of the village of Masi.

</doc>
<doc id="7044944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044944" title="Hylobius">
Hylobius

Hylobius is a genus of true weevils (family Curculionidae). Several "Hylobius" species are major pests of coniferous trees.
Species.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="7044947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044947" title="Dátkojávri">
Dátkojávri

Dátkojávri is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, about north of the village of Kautokeino.

</doc>
<doc id="7044953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044953" title="Gahččanjávri">
Gahččanjávri

Gahččanjávri is a lake in Guovdageainnu Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, about northwest of the village of Masi.

</doc>
<doc id="7044954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044954" title="Open-source engineering">
Open-source engineering



</doc>
<doc id="7044959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044959" title="Open source engineering">
Open source engineering



</doc>
<doc id="7044960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044960" title="Gavdnjajávri">
Gavdnjajávri

Gavdnjajávri is a lake in Guovdageainnu Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau inside Anárjohka National Park, about north of the Norway-Finland border.

</doc>
<doc id="7044962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044962" title="Anarkali Bazar">
Anarkali Bazar



</doc>
<doc id="7044965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044965" title="Open-design">
Open-design



</doc>
<doc id="7044968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044968" title="Geađgejávri">
Geađgejávri

Geađgejávri is a lake in Guovdageainnu Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, immediately north of the Finland–Norway border, along European route E45.

</doc>
<doc id="7044971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044971" title="Laurent Charvet">
Laurent Charvet

Laurent Jean Charvet (born 8 May 1973) is a French former footballer who played as a right back.
Charvet played for Cannes having come through their youth academy in 1991, he went on to play in the Premier League for Chelsea, Newcastle United, and Manchester City before finishing his career back in France with Sochaux and RC Grasse.
Early life.
Charvet was born in Béziers, Hérault.
Club career.
Charvet began his career at Cannes in 1994. Between then and 1997 he appeared 99 times for the club and scored 19 goals. In the 1997–98 season he was loaned out to the English Premier League team Chelsea for whom he appeared 11 times, scoring two goals in defeats to West Ham and Leeds. He was an unused substitute in Chelsea's UEFA Cup Winners' Cup final win over VfB Stuttgart.
In 1998 he was sold to Newcastle United for £750,000. Between that time and the year 2000 he played 40 times for the team and scored 1 goal against Middlesbrough. Whilst at Newcastle he played in the 1999 FA Cup Final.
Charvet signed a four-year contract with Manchester City at the start of the 2000–01 season following a £1 million transfer from Newcastle, joining as a replacement for out of form Richard Edghill. He, however, was unable to be the right back many City fans had hoped for and lost his place in the team. The following season, Kevin Keegan replaced Joe Royle as manager and Charvet was given his chance again. But in the 3-5-2 formation that Keegan adopted, Shaun Wright-Phillips was preferred to the Frenchman in the right wing-back position as was Edghill. Charvet played for City 23 times, scoring once. He left the club by mutual consent in October 2002 having made just three appearances for the club under Keegan.
Having trained with Monaco for a while after leaving City, Charvet joined French side Sochaux in January 2003.
Following his retirement from professional football at the end of the 2002–03 season, Charvet joined French amateur side RC Grasse in 2008 at the age of 35.

</doc>
<doc id="7044974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044974" title="Geašjávri">
Geašjávri

Geašjávri is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, about north of the village of Kautokeino.

</doc>
<doc id="7044975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044975" title="Open-engineering">
Open-engineering



</doc>
<doc id="7044981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044981" title="Guolehis Suolojávri">
Guolehis Suolojávri

Guolehis Suolojávri is a lake in Guovdageainnu Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies about west of the lake Suolojávri and about north of the Norway-Finland border.

</doc>
<doc id="7044984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044984" title="Living National Treasure (Japan)">
Living National Treasure (Japan)

 is a Japanese popular term for those individuals certified as by the Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology as based on Japan's . The term "Living National Treasure" is not formally mentioned in the law, but is an informal term referencing the cultural properties designated as the National Treasures.
The Japanese government provides a subsidy of 2 million yen per person per year for Living National Treasures. The total amount of the subsidy is determined by the national budget, and since 2002 it has been 232 million yen. Therefore, the number of Living National Treasures in existence is a maximum of 116, and if there are 116 Living National Treasures, no person with any outstanding skills will be newly designated as a Living National Treasure unless a vacancy occurs due to death. By December 1, 2020, 371 persons had been designated as Living National Treasures, and , 111 of them are still alive.
History.
Before 1947, a system for was in place.
Under the 1950 Law for Protection of Cultural Properties, intangible cultural properties are defined as dramatic, musical, artistic, and other intangible cultural artifacts of high value in terms of Japanese history or art (Article 2, Section 1, Part 2). Those intangible cultural properties of especial importance can be designated as "Important Intangible Cultural Properties" by the Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (Article 71, Section 1).
In other words, intangible cultural properties are certain artistic skills. Those individuals or groups who have attained high levels of mastery in those certain skills can be designated as preservers of them by the Japanese government for the purpose of ensuring their continuation. Living National Treasure is a term for those designated as keepers of important intangible cultural properties. It is considered to be a great honor as a national living treasure.
Types of certification.
There are three types of certification:
Of the three types, generally only those to have received "Individual Certification" are referred to as Living National Treasures. Those working in artistic fields such as drama and music receive Individual and Collective Certifications, while those working in the crafts receive Individual or Preservation Group Certifications.
Support system.
The Japanese government, with the goal of preserving important intangible cultural assets, provides a special annual grant of 2 million yen to Living National Treasures. In the case of groups, the government helps defray the costs of public exhibitions and activities necessary to continue the group. The National Theater of Japan provides training programs to help train successors in such arts as Noh, , and kabuki.
Many of the craft artisans are also members of the Japan Kōgei Association.
Categories.
To date Living National Treasures have been certified for 16 categories of Intangible Cultural Properties:
In popular culture.
The concept of the Living National Treasure has appeared in both manga and anime (in both cases, the artists designated as Living National Treasures are kabuki actors):

</doc>
<doc id="7044986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044986" title="Delsea Regional High School">
Delsea Regional High School

Delsea Regional High School is a four-year comprehensive regional public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Elk Township (feeding into Delsea from Aura Elementary School, which serves grades PreK-6) and Franklin Township (from Caroline L. Reutter, which serves grades 5–6), in Gloucester County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as part of the Delsea Regional School District. Students from Newfield attend the district's schools as part of a sending/receiving relationship begun in September 2010 after Newfield began a process to end its prior relationship with the Buena Regional School District. The school district gets its name from its location just off Delsea Drive, which runs from Westville on the Delaware River to Wildwood on the Jersey shore, hence the name Del-Sea.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,090 students and 78.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.9:1. There were 165 students (15.1% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 26 (2.4% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
The Delsea Regional District was established and the high school opened in October 1960, before which high school students from Elk and Franklin townships had attended Clayton Middle/High School. The district celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2010.
A report prepared in 2004 for the Franklin Township Public Schools considered the options of forming a consolidated PreK-12 all-purpose regional district, establishing both Elk and Franklin Townships as separate PreK-12 districts and leaving the current situation unchanged. The report concluded that the greatest educational and financial benefits could be achieved through the creation of a consolidated PreK-12 district that would include all three existing districts.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 233rd-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 235th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 246th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 202nd in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 230th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 193rd out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (a decrease of 68 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the two components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA), mathematics (81.1%) and language arts literacy (90.1%).
Arts.
Delsea Regional High School's Drama program has included "The Little Mermaid" (2017), "The Wedding Singer" (2016), "Grease" (2015), "Shrek" (2015)", All Shook Up" (2013), "Legally Blonde" (2012), "Hairspray" (2011), "Annie" (2010), "Footloose" (2009), "The Wizard of Oz" (2008), "Beauty and the Beast" (2007), "Grease" (2006), "West Side Story" (2005), "Into the Woods" (2004), "My Fair Lady" (2003), "Oliver!" (2002), "Bye Bye Birdie" (2001) and "Annie" (2000).
Athletics.
The Delsea Regional High School Crusaders compete as one of the member schools in the Tri-County Conference, which is comprised of public and private high schools located in Camden, Cape May, Cumberland, Gloucester and Salem counties. The conference is overseen by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). With 783 students in grades 10–12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group III for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 761 to 1,058 students in that grade range. The football team competes in the Independence Division of the 94-team West Jersey Football League superconference and was classified by the NJSIAA as Group III South for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 695 to 882 students.
Delsea was recognized by the NJSIAA as Group III winner of the 2009-10 ShopRite Cup, achieving first-place finishes in girls cross-country, football, both girls and boys indoor relays, girls indoor track and field, girls outdoor track and field, second place boys outdoor track and field, third-place finishes in softball (tied) and boys indoor track and field, with the addition of three points awarded for having no disqualifications during the winter season. The NJSIAA recognized Delsea again in 2010-11 as winner of the ShopRite Cup for Group III, awarded for first-place finishes in indoor track &amp; field relays for both boys and girls, indoor group track &amp; field for both boys and girls, and in girls outdoor track &amp; field, second in football, third in wrestling (tied) and fourth place in girls cross-country, along with six additional points for having no disqualifications for the winter and spring seasons.
The baseball team won the South Jersey Group II title in 1961 and the South Jersey Group I title in 1962. The team won the South Jersey Group III championship in 2005 with an 8–6 win against Lower Cape May Regional High School.
The football team won the South Jersey Group II state sectional championships in 1976, 1982, 1984, 1986, 2008 and 2009, in addition to winning in Group III in 1979, 2000, 2005, 2012-2015 and 2017. The 1976 team finished the season with an 11–0 record after winning the South Jersey Group II sectional title with a 14–6 victory against Pleasantville High School in the playoff finals. A late touchdown gave the 1982 team a 20–12 win against Salem High School in the South Jersey Group II sectional championship game and a 10–0–1 record for the season. A 22–6 win against Woodstown High School in the championship game gave the 1984 team the South Jersey Group II title and a 10–1 record, with Delsea's only loss of the season coming six weeks earlier against Woodstown. The 1986 team finished the season with a 10–1 record after winning the South Jersey Group II state sectional championship with a 16–13 win against Clearview Regional High School in the tournament final. Despite playing no home games all season, the team finished the 2000 season with a record of 11–1, defeating Ocean City High School by a score of 35–22 to win the South Jersey Group III championship at Rowan University. The 2005 football team won the South, Group III state sectional title with a 21–6 win against Lacey Township High School. The 2008 Football team won the South Jersey, Group II title with a win over West Deptford High School by a 17–14 margin, after entering the final quarter down by a touchdown, and scoring 10 points to take the lead, capped off by the winning field goal which was kicked as the game ended. The 2009 football team went 11–1, won the South Jersey Group II title with a 40–22 win over Haddonfield Memorial High School and set the South Jersey all-time scoring record for points in a season with 510, breaking the record of 506 that had been set by Paulsboro High School in 2001. The team won its fourth consecutive title in 2015 with a 21–12 win against Camden High School in the South Jersey Group III tournament final. The team won the South Jersey Group III sectional championship in 2017, the program's 14th championship, with a 29–28 win in the playoff finals against second-seeded Woodrow Wilson High School, giving Delsea Coach Sal Marchese his 200th career victory.
The wrestling team won the South Jersey Group II sectional title in 1984, 1985, 1989–1991, 2008, 2009 and 2011–2014, and won the South Jersey Group III title in 2002 and 2015–2020. The team won the Group II state championship in 1991 and the Group III title in 2015.
The boys' basketball team won the Group II state title in 1991, defeating runner-up Hillside High School in the finals of the tournament.
Delsea won the girls' Group III state soccer championship in 1993 with a win in the tournament final over Ramsey High School.
The 1994 girls' basketball team won the Group III state championship with a 53–42 victory against Morris Knolls High School in the final of the tournament. The team advanced to the Tournament of Champions as the number-five seed and defeated fourth-seeded Middle Township High School by a score of 52–46 in the quarterfinals and beat top-seed Linden High School 55–54 in the semifinals before falling by a score of 52–45 to third-seed Mount Saint Dominic Academy in the finals.
The girls' cross country team won the Group II state championships in 2009.
The girls team won the NJSIAA spring / outdoor track Group II title in 2010 and in Group III in 2011.
The boys' track team won the Group II indoor relay championships in 2010, 2011 and 2020. The girls track team won the Group II indoor title in 2010-2012 and 2014. The boys' track team won the South Jersey, Group III sectional championship in 2017.
The boys indoor / winter track team won the Group II state championship in 2011, 2018, 2020 and 2022.
The boys spring / outdoor track team won the state championship in Group III in 2018 and 2022, and won the Group II title in 2019.
Administration.
The school's principal is Michele DePasquale. Her administration team includes two assistant principals.

</doc>
<doc id="7044987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044987" title="Heammojávri">
Heammojávri

Heammojávri (or historically: ) is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake is part of the river Kautokeinoelva, along the European route E45.

</doc>
<doc id="7044989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044989" title="Hajj Nematollah">
Hajj Nematollah

Hajj Nematollah ( 1871 – February 28, 1920) was an influential mystic and religious leader in the Qajar Empire period. He was born in Jeyhounabad, Iran and is considered one of the greatest leaders and mystics in Kurdish and Ahl-e Haqq history. Two of his most famous works of poetry and history are "Furqān al-Akhbar" (aka "The Firkan") and "Ḥaqq al-Ḥaqāyiq yā Shāhnāmah-ʾi Ḥaqīqat". According to Encyclopædia Britannica, "The chief source of information about the Ahl-e Haqq is the "Firqan al-Akhbar", written in... early 20th century by (Hajj Nemat)…"
Early life.
Hajj Nemat's great-grandfather, Bayan Beg, accompanied Aga Abbas (one of the successors of Shah Hayas) to Jeyhounabad in the late 18th century. Bayan Beg's son, Esmail Beg, was Hajj Nemat's grandfather.
Nematollah Jeyhounabadi was born in 1871 (1288 Hijri calendar) in the small village of Kurdish Jeyhounabad. Before his birth, Persia was going through one of the worst droughts in history. His father, Bayan, named him Nematollah ("Grace of God") because on the day of his birth, Iran finally received the rain it so desperately needed.
In 1893 he married Sakina and they had their first child, Nur Ali Elahi, in 1895. At the age of thirty, during a grave illness, he claimed that he went on a journey to the beyond where he was appointed by God to announce the imminent return of the divine. Thousands of people flocked around him, and on his command ceased to take tea, tobacco and opium. He "believed the time had come to reveal the Real Truth", and "by God’s command abandoned the world and became the messenger of the Lord of the Hour”. After the advent was postponed twice, he went silent and waited for the Great Essence to appear.
His family.
Hajj Nemat was married to Sakina Khanoom, with whom he had 7 children. They had 3 sons, and four daughters. The names of his sons were Nur Ali Elahi, Yar Ali, Bahram, and his daughters were Malak Jân Nemati, Mariam and two daughters by the name of Javaher. His first daughter Javaher died at an early age, thus the next daughter was named after her. Only three of Hajj Nemat's children lived to adulthood, Nur Ali, Malak Jân, and Mariam, the rest all died as children due to illness. In the last few days of his life Hajj Nemat had predicted his own death. Within 48 hours of his death his first grandchild, Hajj Amin Elahi, was born.
"Forqan ol-Akhbar".
The original manuscript of "Forqan ol-Akhbar" was completed in 1910 by Hajj Nemat and is written in four parts. His son Nur Ali Elahi wrote an introduction to "Forqan ol-Akhbar" and the biography of his father under the title of "Kashf Al-Haqa’iq" (which is approximately the first 14 pages of the manuscript, and features Nur Ali Elahi's calligraphy). "Forqan ol-Akhbar" is the only manuscript entirely handwritten by Hajj Nemat and is considered a historical masterpiece. Hajj Nemat gave the manuscript to Dr. Saeed Khan Kordestani in order for him to transport it to France to have it translated by Dr. Vladimir Minorsky. Unfortunately Dr. Minorsky died in 1966 before the manuscript was fully translated and published. After Minorsky's death the manuscript became misplaced and remains unpublished as of this date.
Part one.
The first part of "Forqan ol-Akhbar" deals with the fundamental principles of the "haqiqat" established in pre-eternity by the Divinity who in the stage of "ya-yi ghaybat" became externalized in the garment of Khawandagar. The law remained concealed till the coming of Sultan Sahak. Then the "daftardars" recorded these doctrines, but each in his own way and according to the sources which were accessible to him. As a result, the Ahl-e Haqq community has no single sacred book, and its divisions are distinguished by different views. The Ahl-e Haqq required a "kutb-I kull" which would be unique. So after 1324/1906 Ne’matollah, by God's command, abandoned the world and became the "messenger of the Lord of the hour", of Pir Benyamin (explained as bin + ya + amin "faithful son of Ya"). Then comes the explanation of reincarnation ("gardish-e dun be-dun", "going from one garment to another"). The creatures of the world are divided into two distinct categories according to their original element ("zarda-gil" or "khak-i siyah"). To the first belong the saved and luminous beings, whose receptive "sardars" are Benyamin and Sayyid Muhammad (in his Avatar of Buzurg-sawar). To the other category belong beings of fire and darkness whose respective sardars are Iblis and Khannas, with whom are associated the first three caliphs, Mu’awiya, Aisha, etc. The intermixture of the two categories of beings produces combinations which may be externally recognized.
Part two.
The second part of the treatise is mainly concerned with the correspondence of the avatars through the ages. Thus manifestations of Benyamin are Noah, Jesus and provisionally ("mihman") Rustam of the Persian epic; those of Razbar: Bilkis, the Queen of Saba; Mary, the mother of Jesus, etc.; those of Sayyid Muhammad: Zoroaster, Muhammad, etc. Next we are given the history of Sultan Sahak (Ishak) and of his successors.
Part three.
The third part relates the personal experiences of Hajj Ne’matollah and the commandments which he received from God during his journey to the beyond ("safar-I ukba"), notably his mission to unite the 12 Ahl-e Haqq khanadans, to give absolution from sins ("az khiyanat pak namudan") and to intercede ("shifa’at") with the Lord of Time.
Part four.
The fourth part is a full description of rites and customs ("amr wa-nahy"), with the Gurani text of the formulae recited on each occasion.
Ḥaqq al-Ḥaqāyiq yā Shāhnāmah-ʾi Ḥaqīqat.
The style of Ḥaqq al-Ḥaqāyiq yā Shāhnāmah-ʾi Ḥaqīqat is poetic. There is an entire chapter about Ali, "The beginning was Ali and the end is Ali. Both worlds are luminous from the light of Ali. Ali is the manifestation of the pure essence of God, He is the King and Lord of both worlds. A sparkle of His essence, like the sun appeared at my time. I became so illuminated by him, that I knew of no God, other than Him."
Other works.
Hajj Nemat wrote about 20 books and essays. Among them is Edalat Nameh (The book of Justice) which is concerning government. Forqan ol-Akhbar, Shah-Nama, and Kuch-e Kurdi (in Kurdish verse) are all about the same subject. He also has a "Masnavi" in Persian and there is a book of his predictions. In this book, the duration of the Pahlavi dynasty and their destiny in World War II can be found and there are also predictions about World War III and other subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="7044993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044993" title="Sr. Leonella Sgorbati">
Sr. Leonella Sgorbati



</doc>
<doc id="7044998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7044998" title="Latnetjávri">
Latnetjávri

Latnetjávri is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Kautokeinoelva river, about north of the village of Masi.

</doc>
<doc id="7045002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045002" title="Gawad Plaridel">
Gawad Plaridel

The U.P. Gawad Plaridel is the sole award in the University of the Philippines System given to outstanding media practitioners.
The Gawad bestows honor on Filipino media practitioners who have excelled in any of the media (print, film, radio, television, and new media) and performed with the highest level of professional integrity in the interest of public service. The recognition, which comes with a trophy sculpted by National Artist Napoleon V. Abueva, is given to one practitioner in one medium for each year. The awardee is expected to deliver the Plaridel Lecture which addresses important media issues.
Award profile.
The award is named after Marcelo H. del Pilar (pen name, Plaridel), the selfless propagandist whose stewardship of the reformist newspaper "La Solidaridad" from 1889 to 1895 helped crystallize nationalist sentiments and ignite libertarian ideas, mainly through his 150 essays and 66 editorials published under the pen name Plaridel. A crusading journalist, this native of Bulacan served as editor of the vernacular section of the "Diariong Tagalog" (Tagalog Newspaper), the first Philippine bilingual newspaper, in 1882. Among his major publications were "Dasalan at Tocsohan" (Prayerbook and Teasing Game), "Pasyong Dapat Ipag-alab nang Puso nang Tauong Babasa" (Passion That Should Inflame the Heart of the Reader), and "La Soberania Monacal en Filipinas" (Monastic Supremacy in the Philippines), all published in 1889.
From 1890 to around 1895, he edited and published "La Solidaridad" almost on his own because funds for the support of the fortnightly had become more and more difficult to raise in the Philippines. Del Pilar slowly lost hope in reforms and began to entertain the possibility of the Philippines separating from Mother Spain.
Pining for his mother country and suffering from tuberculosis, Del Pilar died in Barcelona, Spain on July 4, 1896, at the age of 45.
Like Plaridel, the recipient of this award must believe in the vision of a Philippine society that is egalitarian, participative, and progressive, and in media that are socially responsible, critical and vigilant, liberative and transformative, and free and independent.
Given annually, it started in 2004 with Eugenia Apostol, publisher and founding chair of the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" as its first awardee. In 2005, it was awarded to premier actress and current Batangas governor Vilma Santos, for film. Veteran radio broadcaster Fidela Mendoza-Magpayo, a.k.a. 'Tiya Dely', was the 2006 recipient. Cheche Lazaro received the award for 2007.
2008: Community Print Media.
For 2008, Pachico A. Seares, editor-in-chief of Sun.Star Cebu and Sun.Star Superbalita (Cebu), was chosen as the recipient of the award for his "outstanding contributions to the print media industry." The judges cited Seares' contributions to community journalism, among them: his major help in steering Sun.Star Cebu and Sun.Star Superbalita [Cebu] to become the readership and advertising leaders among community newspapers in the country, his “continuing advocacy on issues that serve community interest, adopting and implementing journalism values that serve as example to Sun.Star affiliate papers in their respective areas, inspiring the community and regarding the people as citizens who can help the community.”
After the awarding rites, Seares delivered the Plaridel Lecture entitled "The Future of Community Newspapers," which situated the country's community print media today, presented the success story behind the two publications he heads and its growth into a network of publications, and presented prospects for the field in the future.
2009: Independent Film.
Independent filmmaker Kidlat Tahimik (real name: Eric de Guia) was the recipient of the UP Gawad Plaridel for 2009. Known for his repertoire of independent films that mirror Filipino culture, including "Mababangong Bangungot," Tahimik encouraged budding film-makers and mass communication students to unleash the "sariling duwende" in producing their own motion pictures.
2010: No awardee.
For the first time, no one bagged the Gawad Plaridel in 2010, which was supposed to honor an individual who made significant contributions to community radio. In a statement issued by the UP College of Mass Communication, it was said that while many of the nominees had made a mark in the industry, they were yet to achieve the highest level of professionalism and public service expected of a Gawad Plaridel recipient. UP CMC also acknowledged the fact that community radio is relatively young but still had room to develop itself into a mass medium worthy of recognition.
2011: Radio.
Radio drama talent and director Eloisa Cruz-Canlas received the 2011 Gawad Plaridel for her work in Philippine radio drama through the years. The awarding ceremonies for Canlas were held on July 20 at the UP Film Institute in Diliman, Quezon City. Canlas was the executive producer of "Drama Sa Nuebe Nubenta" over DZIQ Radyo Inquirer 990 and has worked with DZRH and Radyo Natin-Nueva Ecija for many years, portraying the popular character "Lola Sela."
2012: Television.
The 2012 Gawad Plaridel recipient was Rosa Rosal.
2013: Print.
The 2013 U.P. Gawad Plaridel recipient was Jose F. Lacaba, also known as Pete Lacaba.
2014: Transmedia: Film, Music and Television.
Nora Aunor was the recipient of the 2014 U.P. Gawad Plaridel.
2015: Film.
Ricardo Lee or Ricky Lee is the 2015 recipient of U.P. Gawad Plaridel.
2016: Radio.
The University of the Philippines College of Mass Communication Gawad Plaridel recipient for this year is Francisca Custodio.
2017: Television.
Tina Monzon-Palma a Filipina anchorwoman, won the Gawad Plaridel award in 2017. She is one of the first female news anchors on Philippine television. Tina began her work as one of the first news anchors of GMA Network when she first anchored News at Seven, The 11:30 Report and later GMA Headline News before she left in 1992 when Tina moved to the reopened TV5 (six years of post-EDSA revolution) and later ABS-CBN til present.
2018: Journalism.
The Gawad Plaridel winner for 2018 was Jessica Soho.
2019: Transmedia: Theater, Film and Television.
The Gawad Plaridel winner for 2019 was Bonifacio Ilagan.

</doc>
<doc id="7045005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045005" title="Láhpojávri">
Láhpojávri

Láhpojávri is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, the village of Láhpoluoppal lies on the southern tip of the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="7045010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045010" title="Nuorbejávri">
Nuorbejávri

Nuorbejávri is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, about northeast of the village of Máze and about southwest of the large lake Iešjávri.

</doc>
<doc id="7045011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045011" title="South hedland">
South hedland



</doc>
<doc id="7045016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045016" title="Tai Chi Yin Yang">
Tai Chi Yin Yang



</doc>
<doc id="7045018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045018" title="Bermuda Triangle (album)">
Bermuda Triangle (album)

Bermuda Triangle is the eighth studio album by Buckethead. The album is primarily an electronica-based collaboration with Extrakd, who also produced and mixed the album.
The album has been described as an "instrumental underground hip-hop/electro-funk fantasia" and "snippets of blazing metal, washes of delayed patterns, relaxed lines matched with stuttering drums, and vice versa", dealing with several Bermuda Triangle incidents and other sea/sailor related themes.
The album was recorded on a portable multi-track recorder.

</doc>
<doc id="7045022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045022" title="Rágesjávri">
Rágesjávri

Rágesjávri is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, about northeast of the village of Máze and about south of the large lake of Iešjávri.

</doc>
<doc id="7045024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045024" title="H-4b visa">
H-4b visa



</doc>
<doc id="7045027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045027" title="City of Delusion">
City of Delusion



</doc>
<doc id="7045028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045028" title="Pilot (Reuben EP)">
Pilot (Reuben EP)

The Pilot EP was the first official release by British rock band Reuben. This recording was with the original Reuben line up, including Mark Lawton on drums. It was recorded in the summer of 2000 at Backline studios in Guildford with ex Redwood guitarist Rob Blackham. The band had met Rob at Guildford festival, where he urged them to record a demo of some sort, so they set about recording five songs in four days. The EP was released on the Badmusic label in January 2001. The initial run was of 500 copies, which sold out fairly fast, but it is regularly repressed and is available at shows and by mail order. It was reviewed in "Kerrang!" by members of Taproot, and received a KKKK rating, despite being described as 'cheesey' by the singer.
Personnel.
Jamie Lenman: Guitar, Vocals
Jon Pearce: Bass Guitar
Mark Lawton: Drums

</doc>
<doc id="7045031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045031" title="Soagŋojávri">
Soagŋojávri

Soagŋojávri is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, about west of the village of Masi.

</doc>
<doc id="7045035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045035" title="Citation VI">
Citation VI



</doc>
<doc id="7045038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045038" title="Stuora Galbajávri">
Stuora Galbajávri

Stuora Galbajávri is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, about east of the village of Láhpoluoppal.

</doc>
<doc id="7045044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045044" title="Suolojávri">
Suolojávri

Suolojávri may refer to the following locations:

</doc>
<doc id="7045045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045045" title="Green Island (Dorset)">
Green Island (Dorset)

Green Island is an island in Poole Harbour in the English county of Dorset. It lies in the central south part of the harbour, south of Brownsea Island and Furzey Island. The island is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and Special Protection Area (SPA), and is within the Dorset National Landscape.
Geography.
The island covers approximately at low tide while the central raised part of the island is approximately . The island is covered in extensive woodland in the centre, made up of Scots pine with several small zones of heathland. The island also has a large salt marsh and several small glades, as well as a beach area. Most of the island is made of sandstone. It has two buildings: a two-bedroom summer house and a single-story cabin known as the Greensleaves. The island has a helicopter landing pad and a private wooden jetty. The island, along with Brownsea Island and Furzey Island, is one of the few known places in England where red squirrels are still found.
Green Island lies within the civil parish of Corfe Castle.
History and ownership.
The island is currently privately owned by Edward Iliffe, a multi-millionaire from Berkshire. The island was owned from 1987 by the Davies family until 2005. In 2005 the island was put up for sale at an asking price of £2.5 million. In previous years, the island was used by the Green Island Holiday Trust which ran a limited number of holidays for disabled and disadvantaged people on the island. It was also used for corporate events, weddings and functions. The Green Island Holiday Trust now conducts its activities at Holton Lee (near Upton).
The island was featured on television in the archaeology programme "Time Team". In 2003 "Time Team" visited the island and conducted works to examine the island's rich history. The dig uncovered a furnace as well as pottery fragments. Evidence suggests that at one point Green Island was twice its size and a major place of trading in southern England. This episode was first broadcast on 8 February 2004. The island is part of a current project run by Bournemouth University to discover the history of Poole Harbour, in conjunction with Poole Maritime Trust.
On the morning of 20 April 2012, a fire destroyed a 3-storey wooden building that was still under construction. Fire crews were summoned at 07:20 BST, and around 40 firefighters extinguished the blaze.

</doc>
<doc id="7045046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045046" title="Live the Life">
Live the Life

Live the Life is an album by American musician Michael W. Smith. One notable song on this album was "In My Arms Again," which Michael W. Smith wrote for the film "Titanic". "Missing Person" also received airplay on Christian radio.
There were 26 songs written and completed for the album, whose release date was pushed back twice as Smith wasn't fully satisfied with the track list. Along with the 12 songs which eventually made it on the album, the tracks "Greater Than We Understand" and "Evening Show" were released on the B-sides of the CD singles for "Live the Life" and "Love Me Good" respectively. The remaining 12 songs appeared in some form on Smith's 1999 album This Is Your Time.
"Song for Rich" is an instrumental tribute to Rich Mullins who died in a car crash in September 19, 1997.
Personnel.
Musicians
Background vocals
Choir on "Love Me Good"
Production and Technical

</doc>
<doc id="7045051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045051" title="15 inch (381 mm) /42 calibre Mark I naval gun">
15 inch (381 mm) /42 calibre Mark I naval gun



</doc>
<doc id="7045055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045055" title="John Fortescue (Military historian)">
John Fortescue (Military historian)



</doc>
<doc id="7045056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045056" title="Suolojávri (Kautokeino)">
Suolojávri (Kautokeino)

Suolojávri is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau in the southern part of the municipality, just east of the lake Guolehis Suolojávri and about north of the border with Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="7045057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045057" title="Ken Nicol (politician)">
Ken Nicol (politician)

Ken Nicol (born May 3, 1944) is a Canadian politician and academic.
He served as the MLA for Lethbridge-East from 1993 to 2004. During his final three years, he was the leader of the Alberta Liberal Party, and leader of the official opposition in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta. He was credited with bringing a more conciliatory approach in the legislature, different from his predecessor Nancy MacBeth, however his soft-spoken nature did not help the party rise in polls.
He left provincial politics to run for the federal Liberals in the riding of Lethbridge in 2004, but lost in a landslide to incumbent Rick Casson.
Nicol is currently an associate professor at the University of Lethbridge.

</doc>
<doc id="7045060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045060" title="Sálganjávri">
Sálganjávri

Sálganjávri is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, about northwest of the village of Masi.

</doc>
<doc id="7045063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045063" title="Virdnejávri">
Virdnejávri

Virdnejávri is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake is a man-made lake located on the river Kautokeinoelva which flows over the Finnmarksvidda plateau. The dam at the northern end is part of the Alta Hydroelectric Power Station.

</doc>
<doc id="7045064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045064" title="Mount Roland (Antarctica)">
Mount Roland (Antarctica)



</doc>
<doc id="7045068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045068" title="Vuolit Spielgajávri">
Vuolit Spielgajávri

Vuolit Spielgajávri is a lake in Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, about southwest of the village of Masi and about north of the village of Kautokeino. The lake Bajit Spielgajávri lies just to the west of this lake.

</doc>
<doc id="7045072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045072" title="H4 visa">
H4 visa



</doc>
<doc id="7045073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045073" title="Copper plate grant">
Copper plate grant



</doc>
<doc id="7045074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045074" title="13.5 inch (343 mm) /45 calibre naval gun">
13.5 inch (343 mm) /45 calibre naval gun



</doc>
<doc id="7045076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045076" title="Isometric System">
Isometric System



</doc>
<doc id="7045078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045078" title="Čárajávri">
Čárajávri

Čárajávri is a lake in Guovdageainnu Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau, about west of the village of Masi.

</doc>
<doc id="7045079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045079" title="Portuguese Roller Hockey Cup">
Portuguese Roller Hockey Cup

The Portuguese Roller Hockey Cup () is a Portuguese roller hockey knockout competition open to all domestic clubs. Following a series of knockout rounds, the competition winner is determined in a final-four mini-tournament, held in a neutral venue at the end of the season. The winners play in the following season's edition of the WSE Cup, unless they have already qualified for the WSE Champions League via league placing.

</doc>
<doc id="7045081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045081" title="East Low Saxon">
East Low Saxon



</doc>
<doc id="7045085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045085" title="Teucrium scorodonia">
Teucrium scorodonia

Teucrium scorodonia, common name the woodland germander or wood sage, is a species of flowering plant in the genus "Teucrium" of the family Lamiaceae. It is native to Western Europe and Tunisia, but cultivated in many places as an ornamental plant in gardens, and naturalized in several regions (New Zealand, Azores, and a few locales in North America).
Description.
"Teucrium scorodonia" reaches on average of height. It is a hairy herbaceous perennial with erect and branched stems. The leaves are petiolate, irregularly toothed, triangular-ovate to oblong shaped, lightly wrinkled. The inflorescence is composed by one-sided (all flowers "look" at the same side) pale green or yellowish flowers bearing four stamens with reddish or violet filaments. These flowers grow in the axils of the upper leaves and are hermaphrodite, tomentose and bilabiate but lack an upper lip, as all "Teucrium" ones. The flowering period extends from June through August. These plants are mainly pollinated by Hymenoptera species.
Habitat.
These plants prefer sandy soils in woodland and acid heaths, at an altitude of above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="7045088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045088" title="John Fortescue (16th century)">
John Fortescue (16th century)



</doc>
<doc id="7045094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045094" title="Woodland germander">
Woodland germander



</doc>
<doc id="7045095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045095" title="The Power of Love (Celine Dion single)">
The Power of Love (Celine Dion single)



</doc>
<doc id="7045097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045097" title="Šuoikkatjávri">
Šuoikkatjávri

 or is a lake in Northern Norway. The lake lies in Kvænangen Municipality in Troms county (and the far southern tip of the lake sometimes crosses over slightly into Kautokeino Municipality in Finnmark county. The somewhat S-shaped lake is about long and is only about wide. It serves as the reservoir for the Cårrujavrit Hydroelectric Power Station.

</doc>
<doc id="7045099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045099" title="Cubic system">
Cubic system



</doc>
<doc id="7045101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045101" title="Lyktaspis">
Lyktaspis



</doc>
<doc id="7045103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045103" title="John Fortescue">
John Fortescue

John Fortescue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7045104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045104" title="Electric Tears">
Electric Tears

Electric Tears is the ninth studio album by Buckethead. It is considered one of his most emotional and introspective albums, bearing many similarities to his previous release "Colma". The entire album is played solely on acoustic and electric guitar.
In 2010, the album was released directly from TDRS Music. The album "Electric Sea" is a direct sequel to this album, released in 2012.
The Ultimate Guitar community ranked the album 12th on the list of "25 Greatest Instrumental albums of all time".

</doc>
<doc id="7045108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045108" title="Galant VR-4">
Galant VR-4



</doc>
<doc id="7045109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045109" title="Lorenzo Minotti">
Lorenzo Minotti

Lorenzo Minotti (; born 8 February 1967) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a defender. Throughout his club career, he played for Italian sides Cesena, Parma, Cagliari, Torino, and Treviso; he is mostly remembered for his successful stint with Parma, where he won several domestic and international titles as the club's captain. At international level, he represented Italy on eight occasions between 1994 and 1995, and was a non-playing member of the team that reached the 1994 FIFA World Cup Final.
Personal life.
Born in Cesena, Emilia-Romagna, in 1967, Minotti later grew up in San Giorgio, where he began to play football as a youth in the town's polisportiva, also competing in judo and athletics. He later joined the Cesena Youth squad at the age of 8, later making his professional debut with the senior side. Minotti and his wife Debora have two children: Alex, who plays football for the Bologna youth side, and Andrea.
Club career.
Minotti started his professional career his in 1985 with his hometown club Cesena in Serie B, at the age of 18, and he subsequently played in Serie A with Parma (1987–1996) for most of his career, followed by spells with Cagliari (1996–97), Torino (1997–2000), and Treviso (2000–2001). In total, he played 201 matches and scored 19 goals in Serie A, and during his successful time with Parma under manager Nevio Scala, he won two Coppa Italia titles, one UEFA Cup, an UEFA Super Cup, and one UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1993, also receiving Runners-up medals in the 1995 Supercoppa Italiana, and the 1996–97 Serie A. The victorious 1993 European Cup Winners' Cup Final game over Royal Antwerp F.C. was played at the Wembley Stadium, and Minotti opened the scoring with a notable volley as the Italians went on to win 3–1. Minotti is regarded as one of the best players in Parma's history, and he served as the club's captain for many years.
International career.
Minotti won 8 caps for the Italy national football team between 1994 and 1995. He received his first international call-up for Italy's match against Switzerland on 14 October 1992, although he only made his first appearance for Italy on 16 February 1994, in a 1–0 home defeat to France. He was also chosen by manager Arrigo Sacchi for Italy's roster at the 1994 FIFA World Cup, without playing any games in the final tournament, as Italy reached the 1994 FIFA World Cup final.
Style of play.
A fast, powerful, modern, and tactically versatile left-footed defender, Minotti was capable of playing anywhere along the defensive line, both as a centre-back, or on occasion as a full-back, although his main role was that of a sweeper, due to his technique and ball-playing ability, which allowed to start plays from the back. A correct, consistent, hard-working, and intelligent player, he was known for his marking and the timing of his challenges, as well as his leadership, and his ability to read the game, which made him an important member of Parma's starting line-up in the 90s, leading him to become the club's captain and to be called up for the Italy national side. Minotti was also known for his excellent ability in the air and for his adeptness at making attacking runs, which allowed him to contribute to his team's offensive play with several goals throughout his career, despite being a defender; a powerful and accurate striker of the ball, he was also capable of scoring from volleys and curling free-kicks.
Post-playing career.
After retiring from football, he became team manager of his former club Parma from 2002 to 2004. He then became director of football of Cesena from 2007 to 2009, and again from June 2010 to May 2012. In 2015, he worked as a football commentator for Sky Italia. Later that year, he was named the head of the technical sector of Parma, following the club's relegation to Serie D due to bankruptcy.
Honours.
Club.
Parma
International.
Italy

</doc>
<doc id="7045116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045116" title="Mount Roland Conservation Area">
Mount Roland Conservation Area

Mount Roland is a locality, a mountain, and a conservation area in the north west coast region of Tasmania, Australia.
The mountain is near the town of Sheffield. The peak rises to above sea level and there are a number of well-marked bushwalks suitable for a day of pleasant exercise. There are long established walking tracks from both Claude Road and Gowrie Park to the summit.
A Mount Roland cable car has been proposed for the mountain on several occasions. The local community remains divided over the suitability or desirability of a cable car.
The locality of Mount Roland is a rural locality in the local government areas of Meander Valley and Kentish in the Launceston and North and north-west regions of Tasmania. The locality is about west of the town of Westbury. The 2016 census has a population of nil for the state suburb of Mount Roland.
Mount Roland is a confirmed locality.
The Mersey River forms part of the southern boundary. The Mount Roland Conservation Area occupies a small area in the north of the locality.
Route C136 (Claude Road) runs through the north-east corner of the locality. Route C138 (Olivers Road) enters from the north-west and runs south until it exits.
There was a death near the summit in 2015; a senior South Australian health official is alleged to have murdered his wife. The official later killed himself while he was in the Risdon jail.

</doc>
<doc id="7045117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045117" title="Mount Roland">
Mount Roland

Mount Roland is the name of several mountains:

</doc>
<doc id="7045129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045129" title="Henry Ellis Daniels">
Henry Ellis Daniels



</doc>
<doc id="7045134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045134" title="Youth Justice Board">
Youth Justice Board

The Youth Justice Board for England and Wales (YJB) () is a non-departmental public body created by the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 to oversee the youth justice system for England and Wales. Its purposes are set out in section 41 of that Act.
It is sponsored by the Ministry of Justice, and its board members are appointed by the Secretary of State for Justice. A key function of the Board is to set policy on youth offending and oversee and the Youth Offending Teams.
Functions.
The YJB's primary function is to monitor the operation of the youth justice system and the provision of youth justice services. Within England and Wales it is responsible for:
Board members.
Members of the YJB's Board are appointed by the Secretary of State for Justice. The following people are current YJB Board Members:
The YJB's current Chief Executive is Stephanie Roberts-Bibby. The organisation has about 100 staff.

</doc>
<doc id="7045139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045139" title="Abraham Merritt">
Abraham Merritt



</doc>
<doc id="7045141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045141" title="Forever England">
Forever England



</doc>
<doc id="7045149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045149" title="John Bolton (Canadian politician)">
John Bolton (Canadian politician)

John Bolton (November 18, 1824 – July 14, 1872) was a New Brunswick businessman and political figure. He represented Charlotte in the 1st Canadian Parliament as a Liberal member.
He was born in England in 1824 and educated there. He was a merchant at Saint Stephen, New Brunswick. In 1858, he married a Miss Christiana Hezediah Upton. His sister Kate married Benjamin Robert Stephenson who represented Charlotte in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick. Bolton died at Saint Stephen in 1872.
His daughter Ethel married William Frederick Todd, who served in the provincial assembly and the House of Commons and went on to become Lieutenant Governor for the province.

</doc>
<doc id="7045153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045153" title="Thomas J. Kirwan">
Thomas J. Kirwan

Thomas J. Kirwan (January 17, 1933 – November 28, 2011) was an American politician and member of the New York State Assembly. He represented the 100th Assembly District, which includes the cities of Beacon, Newburgh and Poughkeepsie, and the towns of Marlboro, Newburgh, Lloyd and Shawangunk.
Prior to his election to the assembly, Kirwan served for 28 years with the New York State Police, retiring with the position of lieutenant in the Bureau of Criminal Investigations. He spent four years with the New York Drug Enforcement Task Force.
Kirwin was born in 1933 in Newburgh, New York and was a native of, and lifelong resident of, the City of Newburgh, New York. Kirwan first served in the State Assembly from 1994 to 2008 representing parts of Orange, Ulster and Dutchess counties. A Republican, he was narrowly defeated in 2008 by Democrat Frank Skartados by some 800 votes. However, he recaptured the seat in 2010, beating Skartados by a wafer thin margin of 15 votes. The results of the election took over one hundred days to certify, and when completed on February 16, 2011, was the last legislative race in the United States to be decided. The dramatic litigation over the recount occurred because the historic win eventually broke Speaker of the New York State Assembly Sheldon Silver's long-held Democratic supermajority in the Assembly Chamber by giving Assembly Republicans their 51st seat in the chamber, which would allow them to prevent the override of a gubernatorial veto.
Kirwan had a reputation as a "reformer" after a 2007 lawsuit where he and Democratic State Senator Liz Krueger joined together to sue Silver, former Governor of New York George Pataki and then Senate Leader Joe Bruno over the infamous legislative dysfunction at the New York State Capitol in Albany, citing disenfranchisement of minority party members of both houses. A pair of suits accused Senate and Assembly leadership of stifling minority legislators by not providing them equal resources for staff, withholding funds for member items, and making it impossible for minority legislators to have their bills heard in legislative committees for vote in their respective houses. Although the plaintiffs were initially successful, because Kirwan lost his seat in 2008, appeals on the suit were never decided by the courts, and the New York State Legislature is still widely criticized by good government groups such as New York University's Brennan Center for Justice as "the most dysfunctional legislature in the United States of America".
Kirwan, who had experienced heart trouble for several years, died of kidney failure on November 28, 2011, aged 78, at the Newburgh campus of St. Luke's-Cornwall Hospital. He was survived by his widow, Verna, two children, and two grandchildren. New York Governor Andrew Cuomo scheduled a special election for March 20, 2012, to elect Kirwan's successor.

</doc>
<doc id="7045157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045157" title="Nick Tanner">
Nick Tanner

Nicholas Tanner (born 24 May 1965) is an English former footballer who played professionally for Bristol Rovers and Liverpool.
He played non-league football for Bromley Heath, Frampton Rangers and Mangotsfield United before moving to Bristol Rovers. He scored on his debut for Rovers against Bristol City in the Gloucester Cup whilst on non-contract forms. He also represented the Gloucester County FA at youth and senior level.
He started his professional career as a central midfield player at Bristol Rovers under manager Bobby Gould before being signed by Liverpool in 1988, and was then converted to a central defender. He also had loan spells at Norwich City and Swindon Town before becoming a regular at Liverpool under Graeme Souness. He played 59 competitive games for the club, scoring one goal against rivals Everton on 28 December 1991 in a 1–1 draw, before retiring due to a back injury in 1994.
After retiring as a player, Tanner became manager of Hellenic League Side Almondsbury Town in November 2003, leaving them two years later to manage his former club Mangotsfield United in the Western League. He also managed the Gloucester County FA side and other local clubs including Roman Glass St George, Wotton Rovers (twice) and Almondsbury Town for a second spell before finishing his managerial career at Winterbourne United. He has also worked as chief scout at Forest Green Rovers and as a scout for various clubs via the scouting network group.
Since retiring he has worked in the insurance industry in Wilmslow. He now runs a Liverpool Legends event company and also works as a football analyst for BBC Radio Merseyside for Liverpool games.

</doc>
<doc id="7045158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045158" title="Christmastime (Michael W. Smith album)">
Christmastime (Michael W. Smith album)

Christmastime is a studio album by Michael W. Smith. It was his second holiday-themed release, following 1989's "Christmas".
Personnel.
Production

</doc>
<doc id="7045182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045182" title="Jerry Chang">
Jerry Chang



</doc>
<doc id="7045183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045183" title="A583 Road">
A583 Road



</doc>
<doc id="7045190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045190" title="Colorful (Single by Rocco DeLuca and the Burden)">
Colorful (Single by Rocco DeLuca and the Burden)



</doc>
<doc id="7045205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045205" title="Little Red Tractor">
Little Red Tractor

Little Red Tractor is a British stop motion animated children's television series produced by The Little Entertainment Company and was co-produced by Entertainment Rights for the first two series. The ten-minute episodes were broadcast in the United Kingdom by the BBC on the CBeebies channel.
Produced in stop motion model animation, the series is mainly aimed at preschoolers and features unusually detailed sets and models. The series features the popular voices of Stephen Tompkinson and Derek Griffiths. The characters are based on the books by Colin Reeder, which were narrated for video in the mid 1990s by Brian Glover and Richard Briers.
History.
Little Red Tractor Projects Limited owned the original Little Red Tractor video series. Although it didn't have television exposure, Little Red Tractor broke into the top ten children's videos and stayed there for several weeks. In total, the original series sold over 300,000 copies. Contender the distributor wanted to duplicate that success. However, the television rights were sold to Keith Littler's Little Entertainment Group because Peter Tye, the director/writer of the series, preferred their expertise in stop frame animation and empathy with the original. Despite losing the television rights to Little Red Tractor, Contender went ahead and produced their similar series, CITV's Tractor Tom. Despite apparent similarities to "Tractor Tom", "Little Red Tractor" has a completely different style, with more realistic story-lines, a larger human cast, and no surreal livestock behaviour.
Home media.
Several DVD releases of the series have been released. The first five releases were also on VHS as well.

</doc>
<doc id="7045206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045206" title="Ireland women's cricket team">
Ireland women's cricket team

The Ireland women's cricket team represents Ireland in international women's cricket. Cricket in Ireland is governed by Cricket Ireland and organised on an All-Ireland basis, meaning the Irish women's team represents both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Ireland made its One-Day International (ODI) debut in 1987, against Australia, and the following year played at the 1988 World Cup, making the first of five appearances at the tournament. Throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, Ireland was considered to be a top-level team, playing regular ODI series and placing as high as fifth at the World Cup (in 1993, out of eight teams). In 2000, the team played its only Test match, defeating the Pakistan women's team. Although it still retains ODI status, Ireland has not qualified for a World Cup since the 2005 event. The team has, however, qualified for the ICC World Twenty20 on two occasions, in 2014 and 2016. In December 2018, Cricket Ireland offered professional contracts to the women players for the first time.
In April 2021, the ICC awarded permanent Test and One Day International (ODI) status to all full member women's teams.
History.
1980s.
The Irish women's team entered the international arena well before their male counterparts, playing their first ODIs in a three match series against Australia in 1987, a full 19 years before the men's team would make their ODI debut. They lost all three games by more than 100 runs, but were still invited to take part in the World Cup the following year in Australia.
In that World Cup, they finished fourth, losing to New Zealand in the third place play-off game. Ireland subsequently came fourth of five in the tournament, with Ireland's only two wins both came against The Netherlands. The next year, Ireland took part in the first Women's European Championship in Denmark, finishing fourth on run rate, with their only win coming against the hosts.
1990s.
The first two years of the 1990s again saw Ireland compete in the European Championships, finishing as runners up to England in 1990, and third place in 1991. Sandwiched between those two tournaments was a 2 match ODI series against England, with England winning both games, the second by 10 wickets.
1993 saw them compete in the World Cup again, this time finishing in fifth place. The next European Championship in 1995 again saw them finish as runners up to England. Following this, they settled into a pattern of playing ODIs against whichever team was touring England, a pattern that continues to this day. The 1997 World Cup saw them lose to New Zealand in the quarter-finals. The end of the 1990s saw them again finish as runners up to England in the European Championship in 1999.
2000s.
Ireland played their first ever Test match in 2000, beating Pakistan by an innings inside two days in Dublin. This is still their only Test match however. They also dominated the ODI series against Pakistan, winning 4–0 with a fifth game rained off. They still could only finish seventh in the World Cup later that year though, their only win coming against The Netherlands. The following year, they won the European Championship, and that remains the only time out of seven tournaments that the England team had not won the competition.
That seventh place meant that they had to take part in the 2003 IWCC Trophy, the inaugural edition of what is now known simply as the World Cup Qualifier. They won every game in that tournament, which qualified them for the world cup in South Africa in 2005. They came last in that tournament, meaning they will have to qualify again for the 2009 World Cup. Later in the year, they yet again finished as runners up to England in the European Championship.
They played a two match ODI series against the Netherlands, winning both games. In November 2007, they went to the Women's World Cup Qualifier in Lahore, where they played Bermuda, The Netherlands, Pakistan, Papua New Guinea, Scotland, South Africa and an African qualifier.
In 2009, Ireland beat the Netherlands to win the European Championship.
In April 2016, Laura Delany was named as captain of Ireland women's cricket team replacing Isobel Joyce who stepped down after the 2016 ICC Women's World Twenty20 in India.
In December 2020, the ICC announced the qualification pathway for the 2023 ICC Women's T20 World Cup. Ireland were named in the 2021 ICC Women's T20 World Cup Europe Qualifier regional group, alongside five other teams.
In 2021, Ireland were awarded qualification for the 2022–25 ICC Women's Championship on the basis of their WODI ranking after the abandonment of the 2021 Women's Cricket World Cup Qualifier.
On 23 January 2024, Cara Murray became the first Irish player to take six wickets in a WODI with 6/31 against Zimbabwe in Harare.
Squad.
This lists all the players with a central contract with Cricket Ireland or were named in the most recent ODI or T20I squad. Uncapped players are listed in "italics"
"Updated as of 11 September 2024".
Records.
International match summary – Ireland Women 
"Last updated 21 August 2025."
Test matches.
Test record versus other nations
"Records complete to Women's Test #111. Last updated 30 July 2000."
One-Day Internationals.
Most ODI runs for Ireland Women
Most ODI wickets for Ireland Women
Highest individual innings in Women's ODI
Best bowling figures in an innings in Women's ODI
ODI record versus other nations
"Records complete to WODI #1476. Last updated 28 July 2025."
Twenty20 Internationals.
Most WT20I runs for Ireland Women
Most WT20I wickets for Ireland Women
WT20I record versus other nations
"Records complete to WT20I #2441. Last updated 21 August 2025."

</doc>
<doc id="7045211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045211" title="Living Doll">
Living Doll

Living Doll(s) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7045215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045215" title="Island council areas of Scotland">
Island council areas of Scotland



</doc>
<doc id="7045225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045225" title="Acton town tube station">
Acton town tube station



</doc>
<doc id="7045227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045227" title="Saint-Joseph-du-Moine, Nova Scotia">
Saint-Joseph-du-Moine, Nova Scotia



</doc>
<doc id="7045233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045233" title="Commercial whiting">
Commercial whiting



</doc>
<doc id="7045234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045234" title="Ida Pruitt">
Ida Pruitt

Ida C. Pruitt (1888–1985) was a China-born American social worker, author, speaker, interpreter and activist in Sino-American understanding. Her biographer called her "China's American Daughter." In the 1920s and 1930s she supervised social work in the Peking Union Medical College, then after the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War was a major actor in the Chinese Industrial Cooperatives. After the Chinese Communist Revolution of 1949, she retired to the United States but continued to advocate warmer relations with China. 
Early life.
Ida Pruitt was the daughter of North China Southern Baptist missionaries Anna Seward Pruitt and C.W. Pruitt. Born in 1888 in the coastal town of Penglai on the Shandong peninsula, her childhood was spent in the small inland village of Songjia, Shandong, where for many years the Pruitts were the only Western family.
After attending Cox College in College Park, Georgia (1906–1909), Ida Pruitt received a B.S. from Columbia University Teachers' College in New York City (1910). When her brother John died, Ida returned to China to be with her family and became a teacher and principal of Wai Ling School for Girls in Chefoo (1912–1918). In 1918, she came back to the United States and studied social work in Boston and Philadelphia until hired by the Rockefeller Foundation in New York as head of the Department of Social Services at the Peking Union Medical College (PUMC) where she remained until 1938.
Japanese occupation.
During the Japanese occupation of China (1937–1945), Ida assisted Rewi Alley as he organized the Chinese Industrial Cooperatives. The CIC was formed to organize cooperative factories throughout the countryside to support China's industry. Schools were built to train the Chinese (often crippled or orphaned) to work in and manage the factories. Indusco, the fundraising arm of the CIC in the United States, was formed, and Pruitt served as its executive secretary from 1939 to 1951.
Author.
Pruitt wrote books, stories, and articles, including several autobiographies and biographies including;
"A China Childhood" (1978), "The Years Between", and "Days in Old Peking: May 1921 - October 1938". Her "as told to" autobiography - "Daughter of Han: The Autobiography of a Chinese Working Woman (1945)" became widely read when it was republished in paperback by Stanford University Press in 1967. This book was followed by "Old Madame Yin: A Memoir of Peking Life, 1926–1938" (1979), and "Tales of Old China". 
She also translated and edited many works, including "Yellow Storm" (better known as "Four Generations Under One Roof") by Lao She (1951), "The Flight of an Empress" by Wu Yung (1936), "Little Bride" by Wang Yung, and "Beyond China's City Walls" by George A. Hogg, "et al."
Personal life.
In 1946, she rented an apartment with Maud Russell on West 93rd Street in New York City and remained there until 1961 when she retired and moved to Philadelphia near the University of Pennsylvania where she remained for the rest of her life.
While living in Beijing Ida adopted two girls, one Chinese, Kueiching [Kwei-ching], the other a Russian refugee, Tania Manooiloff. They were educated in English schools in China, then sent to the United States. Kueiching married Tommy Ho, a radiologist from Canada, in 1940; they settled in Saskatchewan, Canada, and had two children: Timmy and Nancy. Her other daughter, Tania Manooiloff, taught Russian at Swarthmore College . She married Cornelius "Cornie" Cosman, a metallurgist who worked for the US Department of the Interior. They had four children: Catherine Helen, Anna Ida, Michaela and Hugh. After Cosman's death, she married Mr. Wahl.
Ida Pruitt died on July 24, 1985, in Philadelphia.
"Unreferenced text mostly taken from the Radcliff Finding Aid. See link below."

</doc>
<doc id="7045235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045235" title="Canna Yellow King Humbert">
Canna Yellow King Humbert



</doc>
<doc id="7045239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045239" title="Druha Liha A">
Druha Liha A



</doc>
<doc id="7045240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045240" title="List of Superior Defender Gundam Force characters">
List of Superior Defender Gundam Force characters

This is a list of fictional characters from "Superior Defender Gundam Force".
Neotopia.
Neotopia, as its name implies, is a utopian city seemingly existing in Earth's future. Humanity and robots (designated Mobile Citizens) live together in harmony. In order to keep this peace, the conflict with the Dark Axis is kept secret for as long as possible. The city is protected by the Gundam Force, the robotic members of which are designated Combat Mobile Citizens. The Neotopia characters are modelled after SD Command Chronicles and the Earth Federation Mobile Suits of the Universal Century.
Dark Axis.
Invaders from an unknown dimension, the Dark Axis seek to conquer all realities. They have a racist hatred of organic life, with hints that this is rooted in former slavery administered over them. Their forces consist of a main base which houses their leader, General Zeong, and an invasion force tasked with conquering dimensions to plunder their resources. They are modeled after SD Command Chronicles and the Zeon Mobile Suits from the Universal Century timeline.
The tanks are based on the MA-08 Big Zam.
Ark.
Ark is a land similar to feudal Japan, populated by techno-organic Musha Gundams who are often embroiled in civil war. They are cautious of the magic practised by their neighbour Lacroa and very few of them have ever seen human life. Unlike other Gundams, Musha Gundams possess a 'GunSoul', which leaves their bodies upon death, only to reincarnate later. Musha Gundams practice a strict code of honour, violation of which is seen as a great offence. The Ark characters are modelled after SD Sengokuden and the Mobile Fighters and Mobile Suits of G Gundam.
Lacroa.
Similar to medieval Europe, Lacroa is a beautiful kingdom where magic is highly common (the exception being the Dark Hole, a large pit where only the power of spirits works). The royal family are protected by a specially selected group of Knight Gundams, prided for their skill and chivalry. Two years ago the kingdom was attacked by the Dark Axis and used as a foothold for them. The Lacroa characters are modeled after SD Gundam Gaiden and the Mobile Suits of Gundam Wing.

</doc>
<doc id="7045247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045247" title="Canna 'Yellow King Humbert'">
Canna 'Yellow King Humbert'

"Canna" 'Yellow King Humbert' Burbank is a medium sized Italian Group "Canna" cultivar; foliage green, but often variegated purple markings and occasionally whole leaves purple, oval shaped, spreading habit; oval stems, coloured green + purple; flower clusters are open, spotted, colours yellow with red spots, often large red markings and occasionally whole flowers red, staminodes are large; seed is sterile, pollen is sterile; rhizomes are long and thin, coloured white and purple; tillering is prolific.
This is the oldest known "Canna" chimera, the earliest research reference is Sonderegger Nursery Catalogue, United States, 1929. There is an early reference to Luther Burbank being the originator.
Origins.
The earliest reference to this cultivar is in a US Gardening catalogue of 1929. It was reputed to be a mutation of Canna 'Roi Humbert' (synonym C. 'King Humbert') and was confirmed to be such by Dr Khoshoo in his published papers. On rare occasions it has also been known to produce stems where the foliage is all dark and the flowers are all red. That is the source of Canna 'Red King Humbert', amongst others.
All main catalogue references until the early 1990s are consistent in their descriptions of an Italian Group chimera cultivar, yellow with red spots. However, after that period there was some confusion and it found itself being used as a synonym for C. 'Austria' and its description was also confused with C. 'Roma'.

</doc>
<doc id="7045255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045255" title="Ramarajan">
Ramarajan

Kumaresan Ramaiyya better knows as Ramarajan (born 18 October 1960) is an Indian film director, screenwriter, actor and politician. He is referred as Makkal Nayagan for acting and directing films on village-based subjects.
Career.
Ramarajan started his career by doing small roles beginning in the year 1977. He turned director with "Mannukketha Ponnu" (1985), Ramarajan instead approached Gangai Amaran to compose music. He got his first hype as a lead in the film "Namma Ooru Nalla Ooru", released in 1986. He is popular for doing films on the village-based subjects; these films became the notable identity of Ramarajan. He was known for his dark shirts and colorful costumes. His film "Karagattakaran" (1989) was a blockbuster hit. It ran for over 100 days in 25 centers, one year in seven-eight centres and clocked 400 days in four theatres. This was Ramarajan’s 18th film as hero, and his third collaboration with Gangai Amaran after two hits in "Enga Ooru Pattukaran" (1987) and "Shenbagamae Shenbagamae" (1988). He is also known for his performances in "Enga Ooru Kavalkaran" (1988) and "Paattukku Naan Adimai" (1990). His films were as popular as compared to the then stars Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan.
After 2000, his career started facing the down side. His low budget film "Medhai" was released in 2012 and was a failure at the box office. He has returned to acting after a gap of almost 13 years playing one of the three leads in a film titled "Saamaniyan". Ramarajan has played the solo hero continuously for 45 films.
Political career.
He was elected to 12th Lok Sabha as an All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidate from Thiruchendur Lok Sabha constituency in 1998.
Personal life.
Born as R.M.Kumaresan, he was the fifth of six children to Ramaiyya and Vellaiammal, in Okkur, Ramanathapuram. Ramarajan fell in love with actress Nalini and they married in 1987. However, after 13 years they divorced in 2000, citing differences in their relationship. They have twin children; daughter Aruna, and, son Arun, born in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="7045265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045265" title="Van Tiffin">
Van Tiffin

Van Leigh Tiffin (born September 6, 1965) is an American former professional football player who was a placekicker in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Alabama Crimson Tide.
Early life and education.
Van Leigh Tiffin was born in Tupelo, Mississippi. He lived in Red Bay, Alabama, and attended Red Bay High School, attracting notice for his football ability.
College career.
Tiffin attended the University of Alabama where he was the Alabama Crimson Tide's primary placekicker from 1983 to 1986. He holds the school record for longest converted field goal, with a successful 57-yard attempt against Texas A&amp;M in 1985. He held the school record for converting 135 extra point attempts until his son, Leigh Tiffin, broke it in 2009 by one; Van never missed, however, going 135 for 135, while Leigh required 142 attempts.
Tiffin's most notable kick came in the 1985 Iron Bowl against in-state rival Auburn. His 52-yard field goal lifted the Crimson Tide to a 25–23 victory as time expired. It has become part of Alabama lore, known mainly as "The Kick."
In 1986, Tiffin was named a first team All-American by Scripps Howard.
Professional career.
Tiffin spent one season in the National Football League with the Miami Dolphins and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

</doc>
<doc id="7045266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045266" title="Bucketheadland 2">
Bucketheadland 2

Bucketheadland 2 is the tenth studio album by guitarist Buckethead. Released in 2003, it is a sequel to his debut album, "Bucketheadland", a concept album about his fictional "abusement" park.
The album was nominated for the 2004 Shortlist Music Prize.
Credits.
Per album liner notes

</doc>
<doc id="7045280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045280" title="Tamilnadu Highways">
Tamilnadu Highways



</doc>
<doc id="7045286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045286" title="Tamilnadu State Highways">
Tamilnadu State Highways



</doc>
<doc id="7045291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045291" title="Heavy column">
Heavy column



</doc>
<doc id="7045297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045297" title="Van tiffin">
Van tiffin



</doc>
<doc id="7045299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045299" title="Epaulette Shark">
Epaulette Shark



</doc>
<doc id="7045301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045301" title="Lornah Kiplagat">
Lornah Kiplagat

Lornah Kiplagat (born 1 May 1974) is a Dutch professional long-distance runner. She was born in Kabiemit, Rift Valley Province, Kenya and moved to the Netherlands in 1999. She gained Dutch citizenship in 2003 and has competed for the Netherlands ever since. She used to run not only road events but also in cross country and track and field.
She ran at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics, was the 2007 gold medallist at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships, and took three straight World Road Running Championship titles from 2006 to 2008. In the marathon, she holds a best time of 2:22:22 hours and has won major races in Rotterdam, Amsterdam and Osaka. She currently holds the world road record over 5 kilometres and 10 miles. Her best times over 20 km and the half marathon distance were world records from 2007 to 2011 and remain the second fastest times ever.
Part of a highly successful family of runners, her relatives include Sylvia Kibet, Hilda Kibet and Susan Sirma.
She is the founder of the famous high altitude training centre in Iten, Kenya. 
The centre is at 2400 metres high above sea level. 
Elite athletes and recreational runners from all over the world visit HATC every year for training.
She is also the founder of her own African inspired sports brand called "Lornah".
Career.
Kiplagat was already performing well when she ran for Kenya. She was the first woman to win both the Falmouth Road Race and the Peachtree Road Race. As of 2006 she is still the only woman to achieve this, but she achieved it three times in a row (2000, 2001 and 2002) and a fourth time in 2005 as well. Among her other achievements are the Amsterdam Marathon, the Rotterdam Marathon, the Osaka Ladies Marathon and the Los Angeles Marathon.
In 1999 Kiplagat moved to the Netherlands; four years later she gained Dutch citizenship which allowed her to run for the Netherlands as of 2003. That same year she lowered the Dutch marathon record to 2:23.43 during the New York City Marathon. She also participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics, where she finished 5th in the 10,000m.
The year 2005 was a successful one for Kiplagat: she won a silver medal at the 2005 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships then took the title at the 2005 European Cross Country Championships, feats which led to her begin selected as the Dutch athlete of the year. At the 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships she finished second in Japan, winning the silver medal. She also finished fifth in the 10,000m at the 2006 European Athletics Championships.
She won the 2007 World Cross Country Championships held in Mombasa, Kenya. Earlier, in February 2007, she competed at the Kenyan Cross Country Championships as an invited athlete and won the women's race, ahead of the elite among her former compatriots. In winning these championships, she beat off the entire Ethiopian challenge, of defending champion Tirunesh Dibaba, the previous short course champion Gelete Burka, and double bronze medalist from 2006, Meselech Melkamu. They finished: Dibaba, 2nd, Melkamu, 3rd, Burka, 4th.
Besides having owned the Dutch record for the marathon from 2003 until 2022, Kiplagat also owns four world records. In the 5 km road race she ran the distance in 14:47, while she lowered her own record in the 10 miles of 50.54 by two seconds to 50.50 during the 2006 Dam tot Damloop, which she also won in 2002. On 14 October 2007, Kiplagat set a new half marathon world record of 1:06:25 at the World Road Running Championships at Udine, Italy, while defending the title she first won in 2006. She also smashed her own 20 km world record en route, running 1:02:57. However, Paula Radcliffe has run a faster half-marathon on the slightly downhill Great North Run course in 2003.
Kiplagat was ruled out for the whole of 2009 and returned to competition with a win at the Runner's World Zandvoort Circuit Run in March 2010. In September, she ran at the Dam tot Damloop and was the runner-up behind her niece Hilda Kibet, finishing with a time of 52:03. She returned to the marathon event for the 2011 London Marathon and completed her first race over the distance in four years, coming 18th with a time of 2:27:57 hours. Although she was far from the podium and failed to gain the World Championship qualifying time, she considered the race a success following her previous injury-ridden seasons. She improved at the 2011 Amsterdam Marathon, crossing the line after 2:25:52 hours to claim third place, the Dutch national title, and the 2012 Summer Olympics qualifying time. Despite being almost four minutes slower than the winner (Tiki Gelana), she said: "I am the happiest woman in Amsterdam, and perhaps the whole world".

</doc>
<doc id="7045302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045302" title="Hemiscyllium ocellatum">
Hemiscyllium ocellatum



</doc>
<doc id="7045307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045307" title="Federal Women's Committee of the Liberal Party of Australia">
Federal Women's Committee of the Liberal Party of Australia

The Federal Women's Committee of the Liberal Party of Australia was formed in August 1945 at the inaugural meeting of the party's Federal Council. That year the influential lobby group The Australian Women's National League merged with the Liberal Party, and as a result the Federal Constitution for the Party made specific provisions for the roles women would play in the party. In October 1946, the constitution established the Federal Women's Committee as a structural feature of the Party.
The Liberal Party maintains at a state level the Liberal Women's Councils for the state of Victoria and New South Wales. It is unknown if the other states maintain such state councils in addition to the overarching Federal Women's Committee of the Liberal Party of Australia.
The Federal Women’s Committee (FWC) was established at the inaugural meeting of the Liberal Party Federal Council in August 1945. The FWC was incorporated in the Party Constitution as an official component of the Party in October 1946, and has had representation on the Party’s Federal Executive since that time.
Membership.
"The voting membership of the FWC comprises the Chairman of each State and ACT women’s section, the female Federal Vice-President of the Party and the President and Immediate Past President of the FWC. Observer members include the Party’s Federal President, Immediate Past President and the Federal Minister for Women".
"Each State and Territory Division of the Liberal Party has a women’s section, with constituted powers and representation at senior Party levels. The sections have been influential over the years and instrumental in the development of many of the Party’s major initiatives for women at Federal, State and Territory levels".
"As the peak body representing women in the Liberal Party, the FWC has been active in promoting women for elected office, advocating policy, advising on a wide range of issues, assisting in election campaigns and performing a vital role in the enduring success of the Liberal Party. Much of the FWC’s efforts are unsung but they are crucial to the development of a truly representative nationwide party organisation".

</doc>
<doc id="7045316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045316" title="Windows in the Jungle">
Windows in the Jungle

Windows in the Jungle is the ninth studio album by the English rock band 10cc, released in 1983.
Background.
The album became a return to the roots for 10cc as all the songs on the album were written together by Eric Stewart and Graham Gouldman, some of which were extended pieces with complex arrangements ("24 Hours", "Taxi! Taxi!", "The Secret Life of Henry"), reminiscent of the "Une Nuit a Paris" and "Feel the Benefit" from the earlier albums, and based on the unifying concept of love and life in the city.
The album also continued the formula established by the previous 10cc album "Ten Out of 10" for which the band consisted of Eric Stewart and Graham Gouldman with other musicians taking part as session players, however again featuring long-time 10cc collaborators Rick Fenn and Stuart Tosh along with recent addition of Vic Emerson to the live lineup. However, the album marked the absence of Paul Burgess for the first time since 1977 "Deceptive Bends".
"Windows in the Jungle" was recorded in Strawberry Studios North, the first time 10cc recorded the album entirely there since 1976 "How Dare You!" as Strawberry Studios South was occupied at the beginning of the recording by The Moody Blues for the recording of "The Present".
Eric Stewart recalled that the finished album did not meet his initial expectations: "Windows started as a concept album and I'm sorry I didn't pursue that goal, the pressure for the "hit single" always got in the way with 10cc albums.I longed to be like Pink Floyd and just go for large musical statements like "One Night in Paris" and "Feel the Benefit", but we were locked onto the singles roundabout, the 'quick buck', and it was impossible to break free at the time. The album was not really very successful, 10cc wise, anywhere in the rest of the world really, but in terms of sales today it was a minor hit."
The album turned out to be the last for 10cc for nine years, as well as their final album for Mercury Records and final to be recorded in their own Strawberry Studios. It was also the final studio album to feature musicians from the lineup formed during the making of "Bloody Tourists" (1978) (except for the brief appearance of Rick Fenn on "Mirror Mirror").
Release and promotion.
The album made only a brief appearance in the UK charts peaking at No. 70, but became a Top 10 in Netherlands peaking at No. 7.
Two singles were released from the album, UK only "24 Hours" in early 1983 featuring live versions of "I'm Not in Love" and "Dreadlock Holiday" from the 10th Anniversary tour in 1982, and "Feel the Love (Oomachasaooma)", which was given a tennis-themed music video by former 10cc members Godley and Creme. Both made low appearance in the UK charts at No. 78 and No. 87 respectively, but "Feel the Love" became a Top 10 hit in Netherlands again, also peaking at No. 7. A third single, released only in the Netherlands, was "Food for Thought" coupled with the non-album track "The Secret Life of Henry". It charted at No. 18.
The album was reissued in 2006 in Japan and in 2014 in Europe featuring single edits and b-sides as bonus tracks.
Track listing.
All songs written by Eric Stewart and Graham Gouldman.
Personnel.
10cc
Production

</doc>
<doc id="7045317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045317" title="BL 16-inch Mk I naval gun">
BL 16-inch Mk I naval gun

The BL 16-inch Mark I was a British naval gun introduced in the 1920s and used on the two "Nelson"-class battleships. A breech-loading gun, the barrel was 45 calibres long ("/45" in shorthand) meaning 45 times the bore – long.
Description.
These wire-wound built-up guns had originally been planned for the cancelled G3-class battlecruiser design upon which the "Nelson" class drew.
Sir W. G. Armstrong Whitworth &amp; Company at Elswick, Vickers at Barrow-in-Furness, William Beardmore &amp; Company at Dalmuir and the Royal Gun Factory at Woolwich made a total of 29 guns of which 18 would be required for both ships at any time.
These guns broke with the example offered by the earlier 15-inch Mk I gun, which fired a heavy shell at a rather low muzzle velocity, and instead fired a rather light shell at a high muzzle velocity; this was not a success, as at the initial muzzle velocity the gun wore down rapidly and the accuracy was unsatisfactory, so much that it was lowered. Furthermore, a heavier shell was proposed but not adopted because of stringent budget policies of the 1930s; therefore, this naval gun wasn't seen as particularly successful.
Successor.
An improved weapon, the BL 16-inch Mark II was designed for the "Lion"-class battleship which was a successor to the "King George V" class taking advantage of the larger weapon allowed under the London Naval Treaty from March 1938. 
This "new design" of 16-inch gun fired a shell that weighed .
Construction of first two "Lion"-class battleships - each of which was to have nine 16-inch guns - was halted at the start of the Second World War; only a few months after they were laid down. Work on the armament continued for a while but that was also stopped after only four guns and no turrets were produced.

</doc>
<doc id="7045325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045325" title="Khuan Don">
Khuan Don



</doc>
<doc id="7045326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045326" title="Nicholas Gledhill">
Nicholas Gledhill

Nicholas Martin Gledhill (born 7 March 1975) is an Australian film, stage actor, voice artist, writer and choreographer
Biography.
Gledhill was born in Sydney to parents Bobbie Gledhill and actor Arthur Dignam. He grew up in Glebe, New South Wales and went to school at St Andrew's Cathedral School. At the age of 19 he moved to England, to try out for drama school and attended Birmingham School of Speech and Drama from which he graduated in 1998.
He is possibly best known for one of his early roles, that of PS in "Careful, He Might Hear You" (1983), the story of a young boy in the middle of a custody battle between his two aunts and based on the novel by Sumner Locke Elliott. Gledhill was nominated for a Best Actor award by the Australian Film Institute for this role in 1984.
Gledhill has worked mainly in film and television, and as a Stage Combat Master and choreographer, an acting teacher and is a prize-winning writer (ICI/STC Young Writers Competition).
Some of his stage roles include Edgar and Sebastian in the Shakespeare Globe Centre Australia's production of "King Lear" and "The Tempest". He was featured in a Sunday Life article on child stars and performed various roles at the Edinburgh Festival, in a collection of 12 short plays called "Light Bites and Tasty Treats".
He recently played Demetrius, in the Acting Factory production of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" and his most recent role was as Watch in the SpaceCraft Productions production of the official Sydney Fringe Festival selection, "Closing Time".
Nicholas is currently working on the formation of a new political party – The Arts Party of Australia. He, along with PJ Collins, is running a crowd-sourcing campaign on indiegogo to gather the funds and the list of signed-up members required to register the party. A founding committee has been formed to steer the party during its founding period and deliver a more detailed policy statement. The Arts Party has garnered a large amount of support thus far.
Personal life.
He lives in Sydney with his wife, Amelia, and their two children, Tigerlily and Wolfgang.

</doc>
<doc id="7045332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045332" title="Island of Lost Minds">
Island of Lost Minds



</doc>
<doc id="7045337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045337" title="Montague Rhodes James">
Montague Rhodes James



</doc>
<doc id="7045342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045342" title="Ischnothyreus">
Ischnothyreus

Ischnothyreus is a genus of oonopid spiders generally between 1.25 (smallest male) and 2.25 mm (largest female) long. They have six eyes; in at least the species "I. peltifer" and "I. omus", the males have a curious knob or hook at the base of the fang.
Species.
 it contains 126 species:

</doc>
<doc id="7045346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045346" title="Investigator Strait">
Investigator Strait

Investigator Strait is a body of water in South Australia lying between the Yorke Peninsula, on the Australian mainland, and Kangaroo Island. It was named by Matthew Flinders after his ship, HMS "Investigator", on his voyage of 1801–1802. It is bordered by the Gulf St Vincent in the northeast.
Discovery and exploration.
It was named Investigator’s Strait by Flinders on Monday 29 March 1802.
Extent.
Investigator Strait is bounded by Yorke Peninsula to its north and by Kangaroo Island to its south. Flinders identified its boundaries with the following adjoining bodies of water - Gulf St Vincent and Backstairs Passage. The Strait’s boundary with Gulf St Vincent is the line from Troubridge Point on Yorke Peninsula to Cape Jervis on Fleurieu Peninsula. Its boundary with Backstairs Passage is the line from Cape Jervis on Fleurieu Peninsula to Kangaroo Head (west of Penneshaw) on Kangaroo Island. Flinders noted that Backstairs Passage is a body of water separate to Investigator Strait. The boundary between the strait and Nepean Bay on the north-east coast of Kangaroo Island is a line between Point Marsden and Kangaroo Head. The Strait’s western boundary by definition is the line from Cape Spencer on Yorke Peninsula to Cape Borda on Kangaroo Island.
Protected areas.
A number of protected areas are located both within and adjoining the Strait’s extent.
National parks and other reserves.
The following reserves are located on the south coast of Yorke Peninsula (from west to east):
The following reserves are located on the north coast of Kangaroo Island (from west to east):
The following reserve is located on Althorpe Islands, Haystack Island and Seal Island at the north-west end of the strait:

</doc>
<doc id="7045352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045352" title="Lakhdar Belloumi">
Lakhdar Belloumi

Lakhdar Belloumi (; born on 29 December 1958) is an Algerian former football player and manager. A former attacking midfielder, he is widely considered the best Algerian player of all time and one of the best players in Africa. He is said to have invented the "Blind Pass". He was named the fourth-best African player of the century by IFFHS. He holds the record as the most capped Algerian player with 100 national caps (147 caps not recognized by FIFA) and is also the third best goalscorer of the Algerian national team in all time with 28 goals (34 goals not recognized by FIFA).
Belloumi's goal against reigning European champions West Germany earned Algeria a stunning 2–1 victory in their World Cup debut in Spain '82.
Club career.
Belloumi spent almost his entire career at home (apart from a brief spell in Qatar late in his career), most notably with his hometown club GC Mascara, as well as MC Oran. He played also with MC Alger for two years during his military service in Algiers. He won two domestic championships during his career in 1984 with GC Mascara and in 1988 with MC Oran. After returning for another spell in Mascara in 1994, he continued playing until retirement in 1999.
Belloumi had contact with various European clubs, including Barcelona, before Spain '82, but "the law did not allow us to leave the country before the age of 27". In 1985, he caught the eye of Juventus after shining in a friendly against them, only to miss out on a dream transfer after breaking his leg in the African Champions' Cup in Libya against Al-Ittihad. He was understandably disappointed "It was a real shame for me that I couldn't go".
Often overlooked for international recognition due to not joining a major European club, despite the interest of major European clubs (Juventus were reportedly very keen to acquire his services despite the performances of Michel Platini). Belloumi was recognised by any who watched him play, including the great Pelé, as a fantastic player.
International career.
Belloumi has a total of 147 caps and 34 goals for Algeria national team but only 100 caps and 28 goals are recognized by FIFA.
He participated at 1980 Summer Olympics, at two editions of FIFA World Cup (1982 and 1986), at four editions of Africa Cup of Nations (1980, 1982, 1984 and 1988) and at two editions of Mediterranean Games (1979 and 1983).
In 1981, he was awarded African Footballer of the Year. Belloumi scored the winning goal in the 2–1 win over West Germany in the 1982 World Cup, and was a pivotal player in the Algerian national team throughout the 1980s. His last game for Algeria came in 1989.
Controversy.
Belloumi was a subject of an arrest warrant in Egypt for almost 20 years following an incident in Cairo in 1989 when after a 1990 FIFA World Cup qualifying match a brawl erupted to the hostel residence of the Algeria team, between players of the Algerian squad and Egyptian supporters that left an Egyptian fan, doctor by profession, seriously injured in his eye by a broken bottle which was attributed to be thrown by Belloumi. From 2006, he was added among the lists of the accused in Interpol.
The Algerian authorities accused Egypt of wanting deliberately to accuse Belloumi who was the biggest star of the country, to make diversion against hostile events that Algeria team has suffered during the qualifying match in Cairo. Belloumi always claimed his innocence and teammates present at the incident had also testified before the Algerian justice that it was goalkeeper Kamel Kadri responsible for inflicting the injury.
The warrant was finally rescinded in April 2009 and Belloumi was cleared of all legal proceedings at the initiative of Algerian president Abdelaziz Bouteflika in collaboration of the Algerian and Egyptian authorities.
Seven months before the 1982 World Cup, it was reported in European newspapers that Belloumi had died from a heart attack. After a few days, it turned out that it was his team-mate Hocine Benmiloudi who died.
Career statistics.
International.
Lakhdar Belloumi scored 28 goals in 100 capes with the national team. He scored too six more goals with 47 more caps that are not recognized by FIFA because matches played and goals scored against clubs or against not a full national teams. He scored against Bałtyk Gdynia in 1979, Stade Brestois and Olympique Lyonnais in 1982, Racing Paris in 1983, FC Carl Zeiss Jena in 1984 and Videoton FC in 1987.
Honours.
Player.
Algeria
Personal life.
Belloumi's son, Mohamed El Bachir, is also a professional footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="7045354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045354" title="This Is Your Time (Michael W. Smith album)">
This Is Your Time (Michael W. Smith album)

This Is Your Time is Michael W. Smith's fourteenth studio album, released on November 23, 1999. All the songs from this album, except "This Is Your Time" and "This Is Your Time (Reprise)", were originally recorded for his previous studio album "Live the Life", but did not make the final cut for the album.
Background.
The title track was inspired by the initial news report that Columbine shooting victim Cassie Bernall was killed for answering "yes" to the question "Do you believe in God?" Smith co-wrote the song with Wes King, having enlisted his help knowing that he wanted to write about Columbine but did not want to exploit a tragedy. The music video features a short video clip of Bernall talking about her religious beliefs and how she wanted to spread the word of God at the beginning.
Personnel.
The "Franklin Boys Glee Club" on "Worth It All"
The "Choir" (5, 6 &amp; 8)
Production

</doc>
<doc id="7045361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045361" title="Biomedical Engineering Society">
Biomedical Engineering Society

BMES (the Biomedical Engineering Society) is the professional society for students, faculty, researchers and industry working in the broad area of biomedical engineering. BMES is the leading biomedical engineering society in the United States and was founded on February 1, 1968 "to promote the increase of biomedical engineering knowledge and its utilization." There are 7,000 members in 2018.
Since 1972, the society has published an academic journal, the "Annals of Biomedical Engineering" (online archive).
History.
The BMES was first established in Illinois on February 1, 1968 as a non-profit organization that aims to serve the biomedical engineering students, academics, researchers, and professionals. Upon establishing the organization it first had 171 founding members and 89 charter members. 
The BMES held its first meeting on April 17, 1968 with cooperation of the American Societies for Experimental Biology at the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Atlantic City, NJ.
BMES administers several awards. Their premier award is the Robert A. Pritzker Distinguished Lecture Award which recognizes biomedical engineering achievement starting in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="7045363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045363" title="Sir Donald Tebbit">
Sir Donald Tebbit



</doc>
<doc id="7045364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045364" title="Juice podcast">
Juice podcast



</doc>
<doc id="7045369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045369" title="Donald Tebbit">
Donald Tebbit

Sir Donald Claude Tebbit (4 May 1920 – 25 September 2010) was a British diplomat.
He attended The Perse School, Cambridge, and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He was president of the Trinity Hall alumni association, the Trinity Hall Association, 1984–1985.
He was Chief Clerk of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office from 1973 to 1976, and British High Commissioner to Australia 1976–80.
In 2009 he was appointed a Vice-President of the Britain–Australia Society. On 25 September 2010 he died at age 90.

</doc>
<doc id="7045373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045373" title="IntranetWare">
IntranetWare



</doc>
<doc id="7045376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045376" title="Gaelic Senior Softball Singles">
Gaelic Senior Softball Singles

The All-Ireland Senior Softball Singles title ("M Donnelly 60 x 30 Singles") is an all-Ireland Gaelic Athletic Association competition between all 32 counties of Ireland which first commenced in 1925. The first senior hardball singles title was won by M. Joyce of Dublin, a player from Urlingford, County Kilkenny. Kilkenny have won the most titles, with a total of 22.
The 2007 final will was contested by Michael 'Ducksy' Walsh of Kilkenny and Eoin Kennedy of Dublin and Saint Brigid's GAA. Eoin won the final in two straight games by winning 21-20 and 21-6 to retain his title. Eoin then went on to win it in 2008, 2009 and 2010, which means he has now won the title seven times in a row. Since then, he has won three more titles, while Robbie McCarthy of Westmeath and Mullingar Handball Club won seven titles.

</doc>
<doc id="7045381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045381" title="Lake Sylvan">
Lake Sylvan



</doc>
<doc id="7045389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045389" title="Population Override">
Population Override

Population Override is the twelfth studio album by Buckethead and his first full collaboration with keyboardist Travis Dickerson. The album is a tribute to the "great vinyl records of the '60s and '70s", with songs more often than not drifting into long jams.
The album was written after the sessions for the Cornbugs album "Brain Circus", which features Buckethead, Bill "Choptop" Moseley, Pinchface and Travis Dickerson. This album was the precursor to similar collaborative efforts like "Gorgone", "Chicken Noodles", and "Left Hanging".
The cover shows several buildings from downtown Toronto, including the Royal York Hotel and the Canada Trust Tower.
In January 2015, the label re-issued the album on vinyl format on a limited pressing of 1000 copies. The vinyl version was originally intended to feature the album by itself, but due to the length of the album, it would not be able to fit in a single LP and would be too short for 2LPs. Instead, the label tried to find outtakes from these sessions in order to fill the gap resulting from pressing the album on 2LPs, but Dickerson explained that there was no extra material left over from these sessions. Instead, the label decided to go ahead with the re-issue by filling the gap with six bonus songs, three from the album Cobra Strike and three from Funnel Weaver.

</doc>
<doc id="7045391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045391" title="Fading American Dream">
Fading American Dream

Fading American Dream is the third album by Street Dogs. It was released on October 24, 2006 by Brass Tacks Records, a division of DRT Entertainment.
The album was released both with and without a bonus DVD.
Track listing.
All songs by Street Dogs (Mike McColgan, Johnny Rioux, Marcus Hollar, Joe Sirois and Tobe Bean) unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="7045392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045392" title="John Gilchrist (Province of Canada politician)">
John Gilchrist (Province of Canada politician)

John Gilchrist (February 9, 1792 – September 15, 1859) was a physician and political figure in Canada West in the Province of Canada.
Personal information.
He was born in Bedford, New Hampshire in 1792 and studied at the medical school at Yale College and Dartmouth College. He apprenticed as a physician in Goffstown, New Hampshire and came to Hamilton Township in Upper Canada around 1817, swearing allegiance to the Crown on January 5, 1818. He was licensed to practise medicine in 1819; he set up practice first at Cobourg and later Peterborough. Gilchrist served as surgeon for the local militia. He moved to Otonabee Township, where he set up a sawmill and gristmill on the Indian River with Zacheus Burnham and later opened a general store and distillery. The settlement of Gilchrist’s Mills (later Keene) developed around these mills. He served as a director of the Cobourg Harbour Company and as chairman of the building committee for the Upper Canada Academy at Cobourg.
Political career.
He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada in 1834 for Northumberland County as a general supporter of the Reform movement, but was defeated in the election of 1836 which had a general swing against Reform candidates. He was charged in 1837 in relation to a small riot which broke out at his distillery in connection with the Upper Canada Rebellion, but the charges were dropped. In 1841, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada in the riding of Northumberland North. He was a supporter of the union of Lower Canada and Upper Canada, and a moderate reformer throughout his time in office. He did not stand for election in the general election of 1844.
He served as a district agent for the Crown Lands Department and was treasurer for Colborne District from 1842 to 1845. In 1849, he moved to Port Hope and continued to practice medicine until his death in 1859.

</doc>
<doc id="7045393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045393" title="Lamb vulture">
Lamb vulture



</doc>
<doc id="7045412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045412" title="Visionaries">
Visionaries

Visionaries may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7045417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045417" title="Lansing College">
Lansing College



</doc>
<doc id="7045420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045420" title="Tavistock (UK Parliament constituency)">
Tavistock (UK Parliament constituency)

Tavistock was a parliamentary constituency in Devon between 1330 and 1974. Until 1885 it was a parliamentary borough, consisting solely of the town of Tavistock; it returned two Members of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom until 1868, when its representation was reduced to one member. From 1885, the name was transferred to a single-member county constituency covering a much larger area. (Between 1885 and 1918, the constituency had the alternative name of West Devon.)
The constituency was abolished for the February 1974 general election, when it was largely replaced by the new West Devon constituency.
Boundaries.
1885–1918: The Municipal Boroughs of Devonport and Plymouth, and the Sessional Divisions of Hatherleigh, Holsworthy, Lifton, Midland Roborough, and Tavistock.
1918–1950: The Urban Districts of Holsworthy, Ivybridge, and Tavistock, the Rural Districts of Broadwoodwidger, Plympton St Mary, and Tavistock, and part of the Rural District of Holsworthy.
1950–1951: The Urban Districts of Holsworthy and Tavistock, the Rural Districts of Broadwoodwidger, Holsworthy, and Tavistock, and the Rural District of Plympton St Mary except the parishes of Bickleigh and Tamerton Foliot.
1951–1974: The Urban Districts of Holsworthy and Tavistock, the Rural Districts of Broadwoodwidger, Holsworthy, and Tavistock, and the Rural District of Plympton St Mary less the parts of the parishes of Bickleigh and Tamerton Foliot added to the county borough of Plymouth by the Plymouth Extension Act 1950.
In 1965 Tavistock was one of the largest seats in England, in terms of land area. It included the towns of Plympton and Plymstock (effectively eastern suburbs of Plymouth). It also included a great deal of rural land, including two-thirds of Dartmoor.
Elections.
Elections in the 1830s.
Fortescue chose to sit for Devon where he had also been elected, causing a by-election.
John Russell was also elected for Devon and opted to sit there, causing a by-election.
William Russell resigned, causing a by-election.
Elections in the 1840s.
Rundle resigned by accepting the office of Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds, causing a by-election.
 
Elections in the 1850s.
Trelawny resigned to seek re-election after voting against the disestablishment of the Church of England when he had promised his constituents he would vote for it.
 
On petition, Carter was unseated in 1853 and Phillimore was declared elected in his place.
Byng resigned in order to contest a by-election in Middlesex, causing a by-election.
Elections in the 1860s.
"Seat reduced to one member"
Elections in the 1910s.
General Election 1914–15:
Another General Election was required to take place before the end of 1915. The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place and by July 1914, the following candidates had been selected; 
Elections in the 1940s.
General Election 1939–40:
Another General Election was required to take place before the end of 1940. The political parties had been making preparations for an election to take place from 1939 and by the end of this year, the following candidates had been selected; 

</doc>
<doc id="7045422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045422" title="Eastriggs">
Eastriggs

Eastriggs is a small village located in Dumfries and Galloway in the south of Scotland, the village is located around north of the mud and sandbanks of the channel of the River Eden, which extends west into the Solway Firth.
Travelling by road Eastriggs is to the east of Annan, to the east of Dumfries, to the west of Gretna, to the west of Carlisle and to the south of Edinburgh.
The B721 road, runs through Eastriggs and other neighbouring towns and villages connecting to the nearby A75.
History.
Situated in the parish of Dornock, in the traditional county of Dumfriesshire, Eastriggs appears to have taken its name from the farm, or farm house, known as "Eastriggs" that was located in the middle of what was to become the new township. The only other buildings in the area prior to World War I were a group of houses at Lowtherton (now North Road, Lowthertown); a parallel group on what is now the B721 road; an inn and a smithy where East Road joins the B721.
The township of Eastriggs was created as a result of the shell and ammunition crisis of June 1915 which prompted the newly founded Ministry of Munitions to create a new cordite factory.
Officially designated "H.M. Factory Gretna", the factory was spread over a site stretching from Dornock through Gretna to Longtown, Cumbria. This required a huge influx of labour, and 30,000 men and women came from all over the British Commonwealth to serve as construction and factory workers. The Devil's Porridge Museum, opened in 2014 in the village, commemorates the factory and its workers. 
Sir Raymond Unwin, Chief Housing Architect of the housing branch of the Explosives Department of Ministry of Munitions, and Courtenay Crickmer designed wooden housing for the workers in both Eastriggs and Gretna. As a mark of respect for the immigrant workforce, the streets were named after various cities within the Commonwealth.
Governance.
Eastriggs is in the parliamentary constituency of Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale, David Mundell, the Conservative Party member of parliament has held the seat since 2005.
It is part of the South Scotland region in the Scottish Parliament, being in the constituency of Dumfriesshire. Oliver Mundell of the Conservatives is the MSP.
Prior to Brexit, for the European Parliament its residents voted to elect MEP's for the Scotland constituency.
Church of St John the Evangelist.
Designed in the Gothic style by C M Crickmer under the direction of Sir Raymond Unwin, the Church of St John the Evangelist was dedicated in 1917, and was presented with a signed altar book the following year by King George V and Queen Mary, who were paying an official visit to HM Factory, Gretna.
Rail transport.
The Glasgow South Western Line connecting Carlisle, Gretna Green and Annan passes through the currently closed Eastriggs railway station. The station was originally called Dornock, but renamed Eastriggs in 1923. The station closed in 1963. In 2019, Andrew Wood, then chair of the South West Scotland Transport Partnership, said that in response to a public consultation, that he believed that there would be great benefit to the local community in opening up Beattock, Thornhill and Eastriggs stations.
Sport.
Eastriggs F.C. are the town's amateur football team. They play in the DSAFL.

</doc>
<doc id="7045426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045426" title="Landsberg am lech">
Landsberg am lech



</doc>
<doc id="7045429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045429" title="Interupt">
Interupt



</doc>
<doc id="7045430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045430" title="Landaff Cathedral">
Landaff Cathedral



</doc>
<doc id="7045431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045431" title="The Neighborhoodie">
The Neighborhoodie



</doc>
<doc id="7045443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045443" title="Hylobius abietis">
Hylobius abietis

Hylobius abietis or the large pine weevil is a beetle belonging to family Curculionidae. This species is widely regarded as the most important pest of most commercially important coniferous trees in European plantations. Seedlings planted or arising from natural regeneration (germinated seed-fall) after clear felling operations are especially at risk. The adult weevils cause damage by eating the bark of seedlings around the 'collar' of the stem, thus 'ring-barking' the tree seedling which usually results in its demise.
Description.
The adult weevils are approximately in length (without beak/snout) and are dark brown with patches of yellow or light brown hairs arranged in irregular rows on their elytra. The legs are black or deep red with a distinctive tooth on the femora and at the end of tibiae. 
The full grown larvae are , typical for weevils, apodial, curved and are whitish, with brown head.
Behaviour.
Adults can be found all year long although they usually hibernate during the cold winter months.
New adults ready to reproduce are attracted to freshly cut stumps of conifers. Eggs are deposited singly (one or two per day) under the ground into stumps, thick roots or in the soil in their vicinity. Large pine weevils can locate spots on the ground to dig into in a great precision using olfactory cues. Mating also usually takes place in the soil.
To get to maturity, adults feed on the bark and phloem of seedlings and young conifers, but sometimes also deciduous trees, causing severe growth loss, stem deformities and increased mortality. Thus, in the years following the clearing of plots and planting of new seedlings, adults that hatch in large numbers may cause a plague.
The large pine weevils have a tendency to attack artificially fertilized trees, especially those fertilized with phosphorus which causes greater nutritional quality of phloem for the weevils or make faster more attractive plants for the weevils due to faster growing.
Life cycle.
In the spring, after hibernation, in the ground in the forest litter, females lay eggs on, in, or near the roots of sick, or freshly felled trees. A female can lay up to 100 eggs in her life. The larvae hatch after 2 or 3 weeks, and feed under the bark, excavating galleries and complete development, ending with pupation case, leaving the entrance blocked by sawdust. The pupae are immobile, cream in colour and soft bodied. This phase lasts 2 or 3 weeks, after which the insect leaves the chamber as an adult.
With favorable weather the entire development lasts four to five months. The oviposition takes place in April or May, so the weevils emerge in August or September, but are not sexually active until after the winter.
The imago lives from two to three years, during which it reproduce in following seasons.
In colder seasons the larval development is longer and then the whole cycle lasts twelve months, resulting that imagos able to reproduce quickly.
Biennial generation it is also common, by which the larvae hatch from eggs laid in May, live through the whole season overwinter and the imago appears in July or August next year.
Damage.
The main damage is caused by the adults that feed on the bark and the cambium. The imago eats throughout the growing season, but the especially intensive attacks are observed April–May (spring attack) and from August to September (autumn attack). 
Clear cuttings, if not followed by burning or removing of the thick branches and stumps favor the spread of the pest.
Control.
Insecticides (mainly seedling dressing) provide the mainly used method of protection transplant from H. abietis feeding damage. Now other methods are being considered, like the use of natural parasites. Physical barriers of seedlings are also used in some of the European countries.
Trapping-out and population suppression.
For more than 100 years, different ways of suppressing the weevil population have been tried, generally with poor results. Some of these techniques are still useful either as tools to monitor weevil populations. Debarking of stumps was also practiced as a weevil suppression technique, but is now abandoned as laborious and inefficient.
Silvicultural countermeasures.
The pine weevil problem is very much related to the practice of clear-felling and planting. There is clear evidence showing that pine weevil problems are smaller in natural regeneration than in plantations. Natural regeneration is often a good strategy to avoid Hylobius damage at sites where it can be practiced, but old spruce stands are often unstable and natural regeneration hence risky.
Biological control.
Various natural enemies attack immature and adult pine weevils in the wild. Natural enemies include predatory beetles, insect killing fungi, microscopic insect killing worms (entomopathogenic nematodes) and a parasitic wasp, "Bracon hylobii". Ground beetles, nematodes and fungi can kill both immature and adult weevils. The parasitic wasp attacks pine weevil larvae only.
Fungus "Tarichium hylobii" (from the order Entomophthorales order) is a pathogen of "Hylobius abietis", especially in the Czech Republic.
Entomopathogenic nematodes are microscopic worms that kill only insects. Nematodes of the families Steinernematidae and Heterorhabditidae are used as biological insecticides against a number of soils inhabiting insect pest. Laboratory and field research has demonstrated that the larval, pupal and adult stages of "H. abietis" are susceptible to these nematodes. In contrast, the parasitic wasp "B. Hylobii", kills only the larval stage of "H. abietis". The life cycles of entomopathogenic nematodes and "B. hylobii" are well adapted to their host and both are capable of locating, infecting and killing "H. abietis" in the concealed environment of the tree stump. (The potential for biological control to reduce "Hylobius abietis" damage, by Julia Brixey) 
In 1994 was treated in Asturias (Spain), because of great attack, with Metoxicloro 1% in 20 ha affected. The result was quite good, but the problem was not totally solved.

</doc>
<doc id="7045445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045445" title="Andre Botha (cricketer)">
Andre Botha (cricketer)

Andre Cornelius Botha (born 12 September 1975) is a former Irish cricketer. He played 55 times in all for Ireland, including the 2005 ICC Trophy and the European Championship in 2004 and 2006. Botha retired in May 2011.
Domestic career.
A left-handed batsman and right-arm medium pace bowler, Botha played provincial cricket for Griqualand West in his native South Africa.
Botha was the resident professional at Clontarf Cricket Club from 1994 until his switch to North County in 2000. A prolific batsman at club level, Botha contributed to North County's Irish Senior Cup victories in 2001, 2003,2005 and 2007 as well as garnering four consecutive Leinster Senior League winners' medals between 2003 and 2006.
International career.
Esteemed among the leading all-rounders in domestic cricket, the newly eligible Botha débuted for his adopted country in Ireland's August 2001 C&amp;G Trophy victory over Wiltshire, although he started inauspiciously, registering nought with the bat and 1–50 with the ball.
A fixture in the Irish team thereafter, Botha's form temporarily deserted him during Ireland's momentous summer of 2005. Selected at #3 in the batting order throughout the group phase of the 2005 ICC Trophy, Botha recorded a dismal average of 9.5 for the tournament, twice succumbing on zero. However, his economical bowling contributed eight wickets to the Irish cause, and helped the team (which ultimately finished second in the competition) land a qualifying berth for the 2007 Cricket World Cup.
In marked contrast to his ICC Trophy form, the runs flowed freely from Botha's bat during Ireland's conquest of the 2005 ICC Intercontinental Cup. A tournament average of 66.00 encompassed an international career-best 97 against the Netherlands at Stormont, and knocks of 78 and 43* in the final victory over Kenya at Windhoek. Botha also accounted for eight wickets at 25.50 with his medium-paced bowling during the course of the tournament.
Selected for Ireland's inaugural One Day International against England at Stormont despite a series of low scores in the preceding C&amp;G Trophy matches, Botha vindicated the selectors' judgement by top-scoring with 52 against a first-rate attack including Steve Harmison, Liam Plunkett and Sajid Mahmood. Since then, Botha has evinced a marked aptitude for One Day Internationals, averaging 39.66 in three ODIs to date, with a top score of 56 achieved against the Netherlands during Ireland's victorious 2006 European Cricket Championship campaign.
In August 2006, Botha was named in the 14-man squad which will represent Ireland at both the World Cricket League in Kenya and the Caribbean-hosted World Cup later the same year. He finished the provincial season with an insuperable batting average of 120.20 from ten innings.
Botha bowled well in the World Cricket League tournament, taking 13 wickets at an average of 21.30. Only one player took more wickets in the tournament.
In Ireland's second match in the 2007 World Cup, Botha achieved excellent bowling figures of 8–4–5–2, helping Ireland to a shock victory over Pakistan.
In January 2010 Cricket Ireland, the governing body for cricket in Ireland, awarded Botha a full-time contract. He was one of six players awarded such contracts with Cricket Ireland, and came just a year after the first professional contracts were awarded to Ireland's cricketers. Before that players were amateurs relying on income from other jobs and playing cricket in their spare time. The contract allowed Botha and the others to focus on cricket, with the aim of improving ahead of the 2011 World Cup.
Botha was selected in Ireland's 15-man squad for the 2011 World Cup. In May 2011, Botha announced his retirement from international cricket.
Statistics.
Botha is only the fourth Irish player to have achieved the double of 2000 runs and 100 wickets. Botha has also taken part in two of Ireland's record partnerships; 360 for the third wicket against UAE with Eoin Morgan in February 2007, and 234 for the sixth wicket against Scotland with Alex Cusack in August 2007. The 360 with Morgan is also Ireland's highest partnership for any wicket. Botha's 186 against Scotland in August 2007 was the highest individual score for Ireland in a home match.
Botha's extraordinary figures of 2/5 of eight overs in the 2007 ICC Cricket World Cup pool match against Pakistan deserve mention; while taking only two wickets, the figures equalled the record for the most economical eight over spell in the history of the World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="7045447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045447" title="Dog shark">
Dog shark



</doc>
<doc id="7045449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045449" title="Schwente">
Schwente



</doc>
<doc id="7045450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045450" title="Alexander Osmerkin">
Alexander Osmerkin

Alexander Alexandrovich Osmerkin (; – 25 June 1953) was a Russian painter, graphic artist, stage designer, and art teacher. He was a member of the Knave of Diamonds avant-garde group, AKhRR, and "Society of Moscow Artists" (OMKh) groups. Since 1932 he was a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists.
Biography.
Childhood.
Alexander Osmerkin was born in Elisavetgrad (now Kropyvnytskyi, Ukraine) into the family of a post-office clerk. Young Osmerkin was raised by his Ukrainian nanny, who eventually stayed with him through the rest of his life as his personal assistant. He took his first art lessons at the drawing department at Elisavetgrad Regional Professional School under a Peredvizhnik painter Feodosy Kozachinskiy.
Artistic development.
In 1911–1913, Alexander Osmerkin moved to Kiev to continue his education in art. He attended classes at Kiev Professional School of Art. In Kiev, he met Alexandra Exter and other avant-garde artists, who cast influenced on his vision and style. Although he cited Paul Cézanne as his main influence, Osmerkin absorbed from many sources and styles, before he created his own. He turned to Fauvism after seeing works of Henri Matisse and André Derain and other Fauvists. He visited St. Petersburg several times to study art at museums, and also made numerous landscapes in his own manner blending classical St. Petersburg cityscapes with his Fauvist touch. Eventually he settled in Moscow and joined Ilya Mashkov artistic studio. He followed his teacher and became the youngest artist in "The Jack of Diamond" group.
After Revolution.
Since 1918 Osmerkin worked as a Professor of Art, first in VKhUTEMAS in Moscow. At first he taught alongside Wassily Kandinsky, until the latter emigrated. Then Osmerkin opened his own workshop and also taught at the Surikov Institute of Fine Arts in Moscow. There his circle included such names as poet Osip Mandelstam, writers Osip Brik and Viktor Shklovsky, as well as his fellow artists from the "Bubnovy Valet" group.
Leningrad.
During the 1920s and 1930s, Osmerkin lived and worked in Leningrad. There, upon invitation form Isaac Brodsky, he taught at his master's workshop at the Leningrad Academy of Arts on Vasilevsky Island. In 1927 his canvas "Red Guards at the Winter Palace" (), also known as "Takeover of the Winter Palace" () was acquired for the permanent collection of the State Russian Museum in Leningrad. In 1927 Osmerkin took part in the major art show () at the State Russian Museum, where his works were exhibited alongside the works of Marc Chagall, David Burlyuk, Natalia Goncharova, Mikhail Larionov, Wassily Kandinsky, Robert Falk, Kuzma Petrov-Vodkin, Pyotr Konchalovsky and other masters of Russian art. At that time Osmerkin moved forward with his style, because the peak of avant-garde movements was over right after the revolution, and some trends were losing their novelty, so he embraced a classic and more traditional system of figurative and plastic imagery. He was also able to show his works at the Leningrad Academy of Arts, as well as at Leningrad Union of Artists, he also showed his works at the Leningrad Writers Club, with the help of his friends. In 1937, he made stage design for Pushkins play "Mozart and Salieri" at Bolshoi DramaTheatre. Osmerkin was a head of personal workshop at the Leningrad Academy of Art (since 1932 Institute of Painting, Sculpture, and Architecture, since 1944 Ilia Repin Institute of Painting, Sculpture, and Architecture) and was a one from founders of the Leningrad School of Painting (). He had a number of talented students in Leningrad, such as Elena Skuin, Victor Teterin, Evgenia Baykova, Lev Orekhov, Ivan Godlevsky, Gleb Savinov, Olga Bogaevskaya, Vasily Savitsky, Evsey Moiseenko and other artists.
Under Stalin.
Osmerkin, as a highly original artist who contributed to development of the Russian avant-garde, risked to suffer from the Soviet officialdom under Joseph Stalin. He saw the destruction of private art collections, even some museums and libraries. Osmerkin survived the first wave of persecution of Russian intellectuals. He was emotionally devastated by the arrest and execution of his friend Osip Mandelstam. During the 1940s and 1950s Osmerkin enjoyed a continuous friendship with poet Anna Akhmatova.
In 1946, the Soviet Communist Party started attacks on some intellectuals and creative artists. Along with other victims of such attacks, such as Anna Akhmatova and Mikhail Zoshchenko, Osmerkin was accused of formalism, and spreading western influence to Soviet art. He was banned from teaching and exhibiting his works, so he was left without any income. During his last years, Osmerkin was completely cut off from the Soviet public life and became an underground artist, who expressed himself in painting. He died on 25 June 1953 while working on a landscape painting near Moscow. Alexander Osmerkin was interred in Vagankovo Cemetery in Moscow.
Heritage.
Alexander Osmerkin created over 700 works of art in a variety of genres. His paintings and drawings may be found at the Tretyakov Gallery and Museum of Fine Arts in Moscow, as well as at State Russian Museum in St. Petersburg and many other museums internationally, also in private collections.
Family.
Osmerkin's son Gennady Osmerkin (1946-2019) was also an artist, as well as an industrial designer. He was a professor at FIT in New York City.
Works.
As all of the Jacks of Diamonds he consider himself a Cézanne-ist. He also was influenced by fauvism and cubism. Later, not unlike another Jack of Diamonds, Robert Falk he was inspired with the experiments with the colors. Later in his life he became a neo-impressionist.
Osmerkin's successes were mostly connected with chamber landscapes, still lifes and portraits. He also provided some Socialist Realism paintings like portraits of Stakhanovites or "Taking the Winter Palace"

</doc>
<doc id="7045455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045455" title="Yuya Uchida and the Flowers">
Yuya Uchida and the Flowers



</doc>
<doc id="7045457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045457" title="Mouzieys-Panens">
Mouzieys-Panens

Mouzieys-Panens is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
Geography.
The commune is traversed by the Cérou river.
Monuments.
The village is dominated by a castle that was built in the 12th century by Guillaume de Cadolhe. It was later fortified during the Hundred Years' War. It served as an outlook post for Cordes-sur-Ciel. In 1566, the castle came into possession of Count Bernard de Rabastens. It was the scene of battles and was set to fire. In the 18th century the castle was rebuilt and, now demilitarised, it serves as mairie.
Saint Michael's Church at the bottom of the village is a classified monument.

</doc>
<doc id="7045459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045459" title="NYPD Blue season 5">
NYPD Blue season 5

The fifth season of "NYPD Blue" premiered on ABC on September 30, 1997, and concluded on May 19, 1998.
Episodes.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7045460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045460" title="How to Philosophize with a Hammer">
How to Philosophize with a Hammer



</doc>
<doc id="7045462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045462" title="Yuya Uchida &amp; The Flowers">
Yuya Uchida &amp; The Flowers



</doc>
<doc id="7045463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045463" title="Tommy Widdrington">
Tommy Widdrington

Thomas Widdrington (born 1 October 1971) is an English former football player and manager who is manager of club Aldershot Town.
As a midfielder, Widdrington made 372 appearances in the English Football League in a 15-year career before spending five years in non-League football. His career began at Southampton in 1990, where he spent the first six years of his career, most of which were in the Premier League. In 1996, he moved to Grimsby Town, helping the "Mariners" to the Football League Trophy and promotion out of the Second Division in 1998. The next year, he moved on to Port Vale for two years. Voted the club's Player of the Year in 2000, he captained the "Valiants" to the League Trophy in 2001. Later in the year, he was transferred to Hartlepool United, helping the club to win promotion out of League Two in 2002–03 before he moved on to Macclesfield Town. In 2005, his career in the Football League ended in Port Vale. He then spent 2005 to 2010 at non-League Salisbury City. He enjoyed promotion four times with three clubs and lifted the Football League Trophy twice as a player.
Player-manager at Salisbury City for the 2009–10 season, he returned to the Football League at Southend United as assistant manager but left the position in December 2010. He was appointed Hemel Hempstead Town manager in October 2011 before he was put in charge at Eastbourne Borough in February 2012. He left Eastbourne Borough in April 2017 and went on to work as head of recruitment at Coventry City and Bristol Rovers before becoming caretaker manager of the latter in November 2020. He returned to full-time management at King's Lynn Town in December 2021 and took charge of Aldershot Town in April 2023. He led the club to the FA Trophy title in 2025.
Playing career.
Southampton.
Born in Newcastle upon Tyne, Widdrington started his career as a Southampton schoolboy trainee at the age of 15, having been scouted by the man who brought Alan Shearer to the club, Jack Hixon. Manager Lawrie McMenemy had a Centre of Excellence at Gateshead Stadium, despite the long distance between Southampton and North East England. He signed a professional contract with the First Division club in May 1990. He enjoyed a short loan spell at Third Division club Wigan Athletic at the start of the 1991–92 season. Ian Branfoot handed him his "Saints" debut at Everton on 1 March 1992, though it was under his successor, Alan Ball, that Widdrington enjoyed regular football.
A tough, no-nonsense midfield player, he survived some frantic managerial changes to carve out a respectable Premier League career over four years for Southampton. He did not become a regular player until the 1994–95 season when he made 28 league appearances without scoring as the "Saints" finished tenth in the league. He made a further 21 appearances in the 1995–96 season, scoring twice, as the "Saints" narrowly avoided relegation, but still reached the quarter finals of the FA Cup.
He was not far short of making 100 appearances in total when, in July 1996, Grimsby Town came in with a club record offer of £300,000 – as "Saints" had yet another new manager in Graeme Souness. Widdrington decided to accept their terms and headed to Blundell Park, turning down rival approaches from Charlton Athletic and Swindon Town as he was convinced by manager Brian Laws's sales pitch.
Grimsby Town.
Grimsby were a struggling First Division side and Widdrington found a lot of disharmony in the dressing room, with Laws quickly departing. Widdrington fell out with Laws replacement, Alan Buckley, though he still enjoyed his time at the club. Grimsby suffered relegation at the end of the 1996–97 campaign, although Widdrington did score a memorable goal past Southend United on the last day of the season. They enjoyed an immediate return in 1997–98 after winning the play-off final against Northampton Town 1–0. However, injury meant that he missed out on the Football League Trophy final victory over AFC Bournemouth at Wembley. Widdrington played his last game for the "Mariners" towards the end of the 1998–99 season when he was loaned out to Port Vale for the final three months of the season.
Port Vale.
At the end of the 1998–99 season Port Vale signed Widdrington (now out of contract, and transfer–listed) on a free transfer. He was sent off against Bury on the final day of the 1998–99 season, and he returned to action as the new club captain in 1999–2000 by getting sent off in the opening minute of a 4–2 defeat at Birmingham City after a dangerous tackle on Paul Furlong. Supporters voted him Player of the Year for the 1999–2000 season, as the "Valiants" suffered relegation into the Second Division.
Manager Brian Horton appointed Widdrington as club-captain for the 2000–01 season. He played every game of the club's League Trophy run, but played no part in the final. He made over 80 appearances at Vale Park before being released at the end of the 2000–01 season.
Later career.
Linked with Colchester United, Widdrington instead moved north to join up with Hartlepool United. He was a regular for the club and earned promotion to the Second Division with the club in the 2002–03 season, before he was released upon its conclusion.
In July 2003 he was targeted by Oxford United. Instead Widdrington made his next port of call at Macclesfield Town, managed by former boss Brian Horton. He settled in quickly and became an indispensable player for the Third Division strugglers, acting as their captain for the 2004–05 season. In January 2005, Horton put him on the transfer list, and Widdrington then decided to call it a day at Macclesfield and in a twist, joined former club Port Vale on a non-contract basis.
Style of play.
Widdrington was a midfielder, but could also fill in at full-back. He was tough and combative.
Coaching career.
Salisbury City.
Widdrington joined Salisbury City in February 2005. His capture from Port Vale was an integral part of the club's development under manager Nick Holmes, helping the club to the highest point in its history. Over time his role became that of a coach, rather than a player.
On 8 September 2007, Widdrington was involved in a touchline incident with Rushden &amp; Diamonds boss Garry Hill. The pair began arguing and Hill headbutted Widdrington, breaking his nose. Both men received fines from their clubs and Hill was also given a ten match touchline ban and a fine of £1,500. Later that year Widdrington was suspended by the club pending an 'internal disciplinary inquiry', but was soon allowed to return to work, with a statement being released saying: "No charges have been brought against Tommy and everyone at the club looks forward to working with him towards continued success." The following year Rushden banned him from Nene Park in the return fixture, despite no authorisation from The Football Association for the action.
He took over as manager in July 2009 after Nick Holmes took the role of general manager. He won the Conference National Manager of the Month award in April 2010. However, he left the club after they were expelled from the Conference National due to them entering administration.
Southend United &amp; Hemel Hempstead Town.
In July 2010, Widdrington was named assistant to new Southend United manager Paul Sturrock. His employment was terminated on 15 December 2010 as Sturrock needed "a fresh impetus". The club promoted from within in appointing Graham Coughlan as his replacement.
In October 2011, Widdrington was appointed as manager of struggling Southern League side Hemel Hempstead Town. His stay was short, as he found employment at a club in a higher league mid-way through the season.
Eastbourne Borough.
In February 2012, Widdrington was appointed as manager of Eastbourne Borough, taking over from long-serving manager Garry Wilson, with the remit of keeping the club in the Conference South. He signed both Ronnie Bull and Stuart Anderson from Salisbury, and both Marvin Hamilton and Ellis Remy from Hemel Hampstead, also bringing in goalkeeper Mitch Walker on loan from Brighton &amp; Hove Albion. They ended the 2011–12 season two places and two points above the drop zone, and went on to finish safely in 12th spot in 2012–13. After an unbeaten start to the 2013–14 season, Widdrington was named as the Conference South Manager of the Month for August. The "Sports" ended the 2013–14 campaign in tenth place.
After guiding Borough to top of the table with four wins and two draws at the start of the 2014–15 season he was named as Conference South Manager of the Month for the second-successive August. They ended the campaign in 11th place and then finished 17th in 2015–16. They won the Sussex Senior Challenge Cup in 2016 after beating Worthing 1–0 in the final at Falmer Stadium. He left the club by mutual consent on 7 April 2017, leaving Borough 11th in the National League South table, 20 points clear of relegation and 18 adrift of the play-off places.
Backroom roles.
Widdrington was appointed head of recruitment at Coventry City on 10 April 2017. On 1 May 2018, he left Coventry City and took up a similar position at Bristol Rovers. His son, Theo, was signed up two months later. With the aim of recruiting players on a low wage to try and sell on for a profit, he also brought in: Jonson Clarke-Harris, Abu Ogogo, Anssi Jaakkola, Josh Hare, Tom Davies, Mark Little and Luke Leahy. Widdrington became the club's caretaker manager following the sacking of Ben Garner on 14 November 2020, with Rovers sitting 18th in League One. He oversaw a 4–3 victory over Chelsea U21 in the EFL Trophy on 18 November, before Paul Tisdale was appointed as permanent manager the following day.
On 10 February 2021, Widdrington was once again installed as caretaker manager following the dismissal of Paul Tisdale. He was in this position until Joey Barton was appointed as manager 11 days later, having overseen a 3–1 victory over Portsmouth and a 2–0 defeat to Gillingham. Following the club's relegation to League Two at the end of the 2020–21 season, the Director of Football role was removed from the club's board with Widdrington now taking on the role of Director in charge of outgoing loan deals and "ensuring the strategic vision is followed at all levels throughout the club". As the club moved into the new season, manager Joey Barton and Widdrington had a strained relationship with Barton claiming in October 2021 that he had no relationship with Widdrington or his scouting team. On 3 December 2021, Widdrington departed Bristol Rovers.
King's Lynn Town.
On 10 December 2021, Widdrington was appointed manager of King's Lynn Town, who were second-from-bottom of the National League. His first match in charge was the following day and saw his new side defeat bottom side Dover Athletic 2–1 thanks to a double from Josh Barrett whom had been brought in to Bristol Rovers under Widdrington. Lynn's relegation to the National League North was confirmed in the penultimate match of the 2021–22 season with a 3–3 draw with Eastleigh.
An impressive start to life back in the sixth tier saw Widdrington awarded the National League North Manager of the Month award for August 2022 having earned 16 points from a possible 18. King's Lynn knocked League Two side Doncaster Rovers out of the first round of the FA Cup with a 1–0 win at the Eco-Power Stadium. On 1 April 2023, following a 1–0 victory to keep his side second in the league, Widdrington's resignation was announced to allow him to take a new role at another club. The club noted that no agreement had been reached between the two clubs or between King's Lynn Town and Widdrington.
Aldershot Town.
The following day to his resignation from King's Lynn Town, Widdrington was announced as the new manager of National League strugglers Aldershot Town. Aldershot ended the 2022–23 campaign in 18th-place, five points above the relegation zone, having remained unbeaten for the final six games.
On 3 November 2023, Widdrington signed new terms with Aldershot with the club in seventh place in the National League. The following day, his side won 7–4 at Swindon Town in the first round of the FA Cup, becoming the first non-League team to score seven goals past a Football League side in the competition. On 13 December 2023, Widdrington was named National League Manager of the Month for November having picked up three wins from four. Later that day, his side progressed to the FA Cup third round for the first time in eleven years, defeating League Two leaders Stockport County 1–0 away from home having drawn 2–2 at home in the previous fixture. They exited the competition with a 4–1 defeat at Championship side West Bromwich Albion with what he described as "a right good go". Aldershot ended the 2023–24 season with eighth place, two points outside the play-off places, having drawn to Dagenham &amp; Redbridge on the final day. He was named as National League Manager of the Week on three occasions.
Widdrington underwent a leave of absence from his managerial role at Aldershot Town after suffering two strokes in late November. He returned to the dugout on 21 January 2025. He led the club to wins over Wealdstone, Chertsey Town, Boreham Wood and Sittingbourne in the 2024–25 FA Trophy campaign to reach the 2025 FA Trophy final. On 11 May, Widdrington led Aldershot out for the club's first ever visit to Wembley Stadium, defeating Spennymoor Town 3–0 to win the FA Trophy.&lt;ref name="24/25 FA Trophy"&gt; &lt;/ref&gt;
Personal life.
Widdrington celebrated his goal for Port Vale against Brentford on 24 October 2000 with five bottles of Budweiser and subsequently crashed his BMW into a set of traffic lights in Hanley early the following morning. He was charged with refusing to take part in police drink-driving tests and entered a Guilty plea. He was banned from driving for 12 months and given a £500 fine.
Widdrington married Candice (née Arcon), whom he met as a teenager; the couple have two sons and a daughter. Their eldest son Kai is a professional dancer on "Strictly Come Dancing". Their younger son Theo turned professional at Portsmouth in April 2017.
On 27 November 2024, Widdrington was taken to hospital having falling ill, tests revealing that he had suffered two strokes.
Honours.
As a player.
Grimsby Town
Port Vale
Hartlepool United
Salisbury City
Individual
As a manager.
Eastbourne Borough
Aldershot Town
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="7045466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045466" title="How One Philosophizes with a Hammer">
How One Philosophizes with a Hammer



</doc>
<doc id="7045468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045468" title="Pine Weevil">
Pine Weevil



</doc>
<doc id="7045469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045469" title="English Seniors Open">
English Seniors Open

The English Seniors Open was a European Senior Tour men's professional golf tournament. It was first played in 2003 and each of the first three stagings were won by Carl Mason. In 2007 the prize fund was £150,000 and the host course was St Mellion in Cornwall. After a five-year break, the tournament returned in 2013 and 2014 at Rockliffe Hall in County Durham, with a £200,000 purse and a £30,000 first prize.

</doc>
<doc id="7045470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045470" title="The Cuckoo Clocks of Hell">
The Cuckoo Clocks of Hell

The Cuckoo Clocks of Hell is the thirteenth studio album by American guitarist Buckethead. It was released on April 20, 2004, via Disembodied Records.
Spokes for the Wheel of Torment.
"Spokes for the Wheel of Torment" is the second song from the album and one of a few that have a music video (the others are "The Ballad of Buckethead" from the album "Monsters and Robots", "We Are One" from Buckethead's 2005 album "Enter the Chicken", "Pyrrhic Victory" by Thanatopsis, and "Viva Voltron", for the animated series Voltron).
Music video.
The music video was directed by Syd Garon and Eric Henry featuring additional artwork by longtime Buckethead collaborator Bryan "Frankenseuss" Theiss. The video is based on the famous triptychs by Hieronymus Bosch, "The Garden of Earthly Delights", "The Last Judgement", the "Paradise and Hell", and "The Temptation of St. Anthony".
The music video starts showing a place that looks like hell where Buckethead has a lute and is carried by a flying beast which releases him. Buckethead ends in the hands of the "Prince of Hell" from "The Garden of Earthly Delights" triptych.
Buckethead gets eaten by the creature and his head, the lute and the two arms fall, getting themselves stuck on a tree where Buckethead starts to play a part of the song. While he plays, a lot of people are shown being tortured in several ways, Then the "Tree Man" from the same triptych is shown and the camera changes to the upper part of the triptych where a city is on fire, showing small details of people being whipped or beaten.
Buckethead keeps playing and when the song finishes the screen goes black and the credits appear showing The Seven Deadly Sins and the Four Last Things. After the credits the camera pulls to show the credits were on a circular shape. During this time, parts of the song "Traveling Morgue" from the same album are played. The screen goes black again and the words "Beware, Beware, God Sees" appear.
The clip was shown at some film festivals around the world, such as the Sydney Film Festival, amongst others.
The music video has been officially made available in 2006, as part of the "Anxious Animation" DVD release as well as Buckethead's own video compilation "Secret Recipe".

</doc>
<doc id="7045471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045471" title="How One Philosophises with a Hammer">
How One Philosophises with a Hammer



</doc>
<doc id="7045475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045475" title="How to Philosophise with a Hammer">
How to Philosophise with a Hammer



</doc>
<doc id="7045476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045476" title="Panasonic Notebooks">
Panasonic Notebooks



</doc>
<doc id="7045478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045478" title="Pine weevil">
Pine weevil



</doc>
<doc id="7045486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045486" title="Hopatcong High School">
Hopatcong High School

Hopatcong High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Hopatcong, in Sussex County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as the lone secondary school of the Hopatcong Public Schools.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 520 students and 44.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.7:1. There were 93 students (17.9% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 57 (11.0% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
During the 1960-61 school year, there were 200 students from Hopatcong attending Sparta High School.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was ranked 235th in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 289th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 200th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 174th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 158th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
In the 2013–2014 school year, Hopatcong High School ranked eighth in Sussex County out of nine other public high schools in SAT scores.
Extracurricular activities.
The Hopatcong High School Chiefs compete in the Northwest Jersey Athletic Conference, which is comprised of public and private high schools in Morris, Sussex and Warren counties, and was established following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Prior to the 2010 realignment, the school participated in the Sussex County Interscholastic League until the SCIL was dissolved in 2009. With 312 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group I for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 75 to 476 students in that grade range. The football team competes in the National Blue division of the North Jersey Super Football Conference, which includes 112 schools competing in 20 divisions, making it the nation's biggest football-only high school sports league. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group I North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 254 to 474 students.
Hopatcong High School maintains a variety of boys' and girls' interscholastic sports teams including cross country, soccer, cheerleading, wrestling, basketball, bowling, golf, track and field, softball, baseball and tennis.
The school participates as the host school / lead agency for joint cooperative boys / girls bowling teams with Mount Olive High School, while Mount Olive is the host school for a co-op ice hockey team that also includes Hackettstown High School. These co-op programs operate under agreements scheduled to expire at the end of the 2023–24 school year. The ice hockey partnership with Mount Olive started in the 2014-15 school year and plays under the Mount Olive name.
The boys' wrestling team won the 1997 North I Group II state sectional championship
The football team was the North I Group II state sectional champion in 2001 and 2005. The 2001 team finished the season with a 10-2 record, coming back from a 21-point deficit to defeat Mahwah High School in the North I Group II championship game by a score of 36-35 on a field goal scored with seconds left on the clock. In 2005, the team beat Sparta High School 20-14 in overtime in the final game of the tournament.
In 2004, the varsity cross-country team became the North I, Group II state champions. In 2005, the boys' cross country team finished 15th in the state at the New Jersey Meet of Champions. The same year, the team successfully defended its state sectional title and was second in Group II
The school's track team had three consecutive undefeated seasons, from 2010 to 2012.
Administration.
The school's principal is Stephanie Martinez.

</doc>
<doc id="7045490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045490" title="Dual abelian variety">
Dual abelian variety

In mathematics, a dual abelian variety can be defined from an abelian variety "A", defined over a field "k". A 1-dimensional abelian variety is an elliptic curve, and every elliptic curve is isomorphic to its dual, but this fails for higher-dimensional abelian varieties, so the concept of dual becomes more interesting in higher dimensions.
Definition.
Let "A" be an abelian variety over a field "k". We define formula_1 to be the subgroup of the Picard group consisting of line bundles "L" such that formula_2, where formula_3 are the multiplication and projection maps formula_4 respectively. An element of formula_5 is called a degree 0 line bundle on "A".
To "A" one then associates a dual abelian variety "A"v (over the same field), which is the solution to the following moduli problem. A family of degree 0 line bundles parametrized by a "k"-variety "T" is defined to be a line bundle "L" on 
"A"×"T" such that 
Then there is a variety "A"v and a line bundle formula_7, called the Poincaré bundle, which is a family of degree 0 line bundles parametrized by "A"v in the sense of the above definition. Moreover, this family is universal, that is, to any family "L" parametrized by "T" is associated a unique morphism "f": "T" → "A"v so that "L" is isomorphic to the pullback of "P" along the morphism 1A×"f": "A"×"T" → "A"×"A"v. Applying this to the case when "T" is a point, we see that the points of "A"v correspond to line bundles of degree 0 on "A", so there is a natural group operation on "A"v given by tensor product of line bundles, which makes it into an abelian variety.
In the language of representable functors one can state the above result as follows. The contravariant functor, which associates to each "k"-variety "T" the set of families of degree 0 line bundles parametrised by "T" and to each "k"-morphism "f": "T" → "T"' the mapping induced by the pullback with "f", is representable. The universal element representing this functor is the pair ("A"v, "P").
This association is a duality in the sense that there is a natural isomorphism between the double dual "A"vv and "A" (defined via the Poincaré bundle) and that it is contravariant functorial, i.e. it associates to all morphisms "f": "A" → "B" dual morphisms "f"v: "B"v → "A"v in a compatible way. The "n"-torsion of an abelian variety and the "n"-torsion of its dual are dual to each other when "n" is coprime to the characteristic of the base. In general - for all "n" - the "n"-torsion group schemes of dual abelian varieties are Cartier duals of each other. This generalizes the Weil pairing for elliptic curves.
History.
The theory was first put into a good form when "K" was the field of complex numbers. In that case there is a general form of duality between the Albanese variety of a complete variety "V", and its Picard variety; this was realised, for definitions in terms of complex tori, as soon as André Weil had given a general definition of Albanese variety. For an abelian variety "A", the Albanese variety is "A" itself, so the dual should be "Pic"0("A"), the connected component of the identity element of what in contemporary terminology is the Picard scheme.
For the case of the Jacobian variety "J" of a compact Riemann surface "C", the choice of a principal polarization of "J" gives rise to an identification of "J" with its own Picard variety. This in a sense is just a consequence of Abel's theorem. For general abelian varieties, still over the complex numbers, "A" is in the same isogeny class as its dual. An explicit isogeny can be constructed by use of an invertible sheaf "L" on "A" (i.e. in this case a holomorphic line bundle), when the subgroup
of translations on "L" that take "L" into an isomorphic copy is itself finite. In that case, the quotient
is isomorphic to the dual abelian variety "A"v.
This construction of "A"v extends to any field "K" of characteristic zero. In terms of this definition, the Poincaré bundle, a universal line bundle can be defined on
The construction when "K" has characteristic "p" uses scheme theory. The definition of "K"("L") has to be in terms of a group scheme that is a scheme-theoretic stabilizer, and the quotient taken is now a quotient by a subgroup scheme.
The Dual Isogeny.
Let formula_8 be an isogeny of abelian varieties. (That is, formula_9 is finite-to-one and surjective.) We will construct an isogeny formula_10 using the functorial description of formula_11, which says that the data of a map formula_10 is the same as giving a family of degree zero line bundles on formula_13, parametrized by formula_14.
To this end, consider the isogeny formula_15 and formula_16 where formula_17 is the Poincare line bundle for formula_18. This is then the required family of degree zero line bundles on formula_13.
By the aforementioned functorial description, there is then a morphism formula_10 so that formula_21. One can show using this description that this map is an isogeny of the same degree as formula_9, and that formula_23.
Hence, we obtain a contravariant endofunctor on the category of abelian varieties which squares to the identity. This kind of functor is often called a "dualizing functor".
Mukai's Theorem.
A celebrated theorem of Mukai states that there is an isomorphism of derived categories formula_24, where formula_25 denotes the bounded derived category of coherent sheaves on "X". Historically, this was the first use of the Fourier-Mukai transform and shows that the bounded derived category cannot necessarily distinguish non-isomorphic varieties.
Recall that if "X" and "Y" are varieties, and formula_26 is a complex of coherent sheaves, we define the Fourier-Mukai transform formula_27 to be the composition formula_28, where "p" and "q" are the projections onto "X" and "Y" respectively.
Note that formula_29 is flat and hence formula_30 is exact on the level of coherent sheaves, and in applications formula_31 is often a line bundle so one may usually leave the left derived functors underived in the above expression. Note also that one can analogously define a Fourier-Mukai transform formula_32 using the same kernel, by just interchanging the projection maps in the formula.
The statement of Mukai's theorem is then as follows.
Theorem: Let "A" be an abelian variety of dimension "g" and formula_33 the Poincare line bundle on formula_34. Then, formula_35, where formula_36 is the inversion map, and formula_37 is the shift functor. In particular, formula_38 is an isomorphism.

</doc>
<doc id="7045492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045492" title="Bruce Hutton">
Bruce Hutton

Bruce Hutton (born July 2, 1946, in Minnedosa, Manitoba) was leader and founder of the Separation Party of Alberta from 2004 to 2012.
Hutton joined the Royal Canadian Mounted Police in 1967. In 1999, he founded Law-abiding Unregistered Firearms Association (LUFA) to protest the recently introduced federal gun registry. In 2004, he became leader of the Separation Party.
Quotes of Bruce Hutton.
"Unresponsive governments force ordinary people to do extraordinary things." – Bruce Hutton, Albertan.
"It has been said the Separation Party of Alberta accomplished in 16 months that which took the Parti Quebecois 16 years to achieve. It has also been said that we have the cart before the horse – forming the political party before the movement gains strength." – Bruce Hutton, Albertan.
"We are looking for that strong leader to come forth. When suitable candidates identify themselves, SPA will have its first Leadership Convention. We are looking for someone who cares about Alberta, not their own personal agenda. We are not interested in any political retread looking to rejuvenate his or her failed political career. We want someone who has vision, can "think outside the box" and has a plan for a strong, vibrant, independent Alberta." – Bruce Hutton, Albertan.
Personal History.
Raymond Bruce Hutton was born July 2, 1946 in Minnedosa, Manitoba. His ancestors emigrated to Ontario in the 1700s as United Empire Loyalists from the United States of America and later migrated to Manitoba. His father, Ross Logan Hutton (deceased December 25, 2002) was a WWII Veteran, a journeyman electrician, President – International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers in Manitoba, President – Alberta Electrical Contractors Association, Vice President – Newberry Energy of California, and President – St. Albert Legion, St. Albert, Alberta. His mother, Muriel Margaret (Beddome) Hutton, resided in St. Albert, Alberta. A proud homemaker, her marriage to Ross Logan Hutton produced two sons – Ross William (who died of cancer at the age of 40) and Raymond Bruce Hutton.
Hutton married Virginia Pearl (Javos) Hutton of Nampa, Alberta. After 25 years of marriage, in 2001 she died of cancer at the age of 51. Hutton and his wife had the following children: 
Education and Employment History.
Hutton was an engineer by training. He attained Grade 12 Senior Matriculation at Aden Bowman Collegiate, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan in 1963, followed by University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, College of Engineering – first year 1964. He also completed Basic Training with the RCMP in 1967. Hutton jokes that he completed Advanced education by taking Reality courses in the "School of a Great Life."
Hutton held three formal career employment positions:
Hutton embraced an entrepreneurial spirit and between the years of 1972 and 2004 owned a number of small businesses in Alberta including:
After the passing of his wife, Hutton relocated to Rocky Mountain House, Alberta where he functioned as the volunteer leader of SPA.
Hockey career.
From 1965 to 1983, Hutton volunteered as a minor hockey coach in Saskatchewan and Alberta. Between 1983 and 1987, Hutton coached and managed hockey professionally in the Alberta Junior Hockey League, including the Hobbema Hawks in 1983 and the Olds Grizzlys in 1987. With the Chinese National Hockey Team, Hutton represented Canada internationally on a coaching exchange, the National Junior Team and Chi Chi Har, a first division team, in the People's Republic of China. Hutton additionally coached a number of Alberta's elite hockey teams including the 1992 Arctic Winter Games Midget team.
Political career.
Hutton was raised a small "c" Conservative, and was considered a capital "c" Canadian by many including his father, a WW II Veteran who flew the Union Jack until his passing. His early history did not include political involvement, despite keeping abreast of what was occurring in Alberta and Canada.
This changed in November 1999 with the implementation of Bill-C68 – the Firearms Act. Hutton founded the "Law-abiding Unregistered Firearms Association (LUFA) to organize the firearms community to force the repeal of what he described as "...a catastrophic waste of tax-payers money that would do nothing to reduce crime, violence and suicides."
In January 1999, Hutton warned Canadians that the Firearms Act would cost over 1.5 billion dollars and not make Canada safer. Hutton was criticized by the mainstream media due to influences of then Edmonton based Liberal MP Anne McLellan and then Liberal Justice Minister Alan Rock. Hutton notes that history has resolved this issue since the Canadian government had spent well over 2 billion dollars by 2005.
Jailing Albertans and the Forming of the Separation Party.
In October 2002, 13 Alberta farmers were jailed for selling their own product contrary to the regulations imposed at the time through the Canadian Wheat Board. Given that those regulations did not apply to farmers east of Manitoba, they were seen by Western farmers as a double standard and a severe injustice to Alberta. This incident galvanized Hutton into political action.
In February 2003, Hutton met with Jim Chatenay of Pine Lake and Ron Duffy of Lacombe, two of the jailed Alberta farmers. It was decided that a concerted effort must be made to establish a registered separatist party in Alberta. Hence, the Separation Party of Alberta (SPA) was born.
The Separation Party under Hutton formed official party status and ran 12 candidates in the 2004 election and 1 in the 2008 election. Hutton was leader of the party from 2004 to 2012, when Hutton was replaced by Bart Hampton.

</doc>
<doc id="7045499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045499" title="Home Sweet Home (Krazees album)">
Home Sweet Home (Krazees album)



</doc>
<doc id="7045501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045501" title="Longing Was a Safe Place to Hide">
Longing Was a Safe Place to Hide

Longing Was a Safe Place to Hide is the second studio album released by Australian guitar pop, rock band, Love Outside Andromeda on 18 September 2006. It peaked at No. 8 on the ARIA Hitseekers Albums chart. Overall, it is significantly mellower than their self-titled debut, distancing itself from some of the more frantic songs.
Lead single, "Bound by Hurt Dissolved", received radio play in late 2005, and later singles, "Measuring Tape" and "Sparrow", began to receive play in July to August 2006, closer to the album's appearance. Its title is a lyric from the fourth track, "A Room Full of People". The group effectively disbanded in December 2006, with an announcement of the hiatus on their website, "we've decided it's time to take a serious break. Effective immediately."
Track listing.
Shock Records All tracks are written by Sianna Lee, except as noted.

</doc>
<doc id="7045505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045505" title="Merseyside English Seniors Open">
Merseyside English Seniors Open



</doc>
<doc id="7045509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045509" title="Srishti, school of Art, Design and technology">
Srishti, school of Art, Design and technology



</doc>
<doc id="7045511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045511" title="Latent fingerprint">
Latent fingerprint



</doc>
<doc id="7045514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045514" title="ADT English Seniors Open">
ADT English Seniors Open



</doc>
<doc id="7045515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045515" title="Freedom (Michael W. Smith album)">
Freedom (Michael W. Smith album)

Freedom is Michael W. Smith's fifteenth album. It was released in 2000 on Reunion Records, and is his first full-length album consisting of only instrumentals. A promotional live EP, The Acoustic Set - A Live Recording, was available as a pre-order bonus.

</doc>
<doc id="7045517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045517" title="Salah Assad">
Salah Assad

Salah Assad (; born 13 March 1958) is an Algerian former football player and manager who played as a forward.
Assad was born in Larbaâ Nath Irathen. He played for RC Kouba, where he won an Algerian championship in 1981, and in France for FC Mulhouse. For the Algeria national team, he participated at the 1980, 1982, and 1986 African Cup of Nations, 1980 Summer Olympics, and at two edition of FIFA World Cup in 1982 and 1986, scored two goals.
Assad holds the record with Islam Slimani of most scored goals at the World Cup for Algeria, which were both scored in the 1982 World Cup. Slimani in 2014.
Career.
Assad started playing young with JSM Cheraga and after with RC Kouba. In 1975, he played with the senior team until 1982 and he won the Algerian championship in 1981.
Honours.
RC Kouba
Algeria
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="7045520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045520" title="Artle Beck">
Artle Beck

Artle Beck is a minor river of Lancashire, England.
Rising at the confluence of Udale Beck and Foxdale Beck below "Fosdale Bridge" and "Udale Bridge" near "Crossgill", Artle Beck flows northwest through steep-sided woodland, passing beneath "Raven Scar" on its way to "Gresgarth Hall".
From there, the beck continues north, skirting around the village of Caton before meeting the River Lune opposite Halton Park.
The beck is dammed at "Gresgarth Hall" and feeds a mill leat which runs separately through "Caton". Two of the (originally three) mills are still standing but have been converted for other uses. The leat empties separately into the "Lune" at "Low Mill" about half a mile downstream from the mouth of "Artle Beck" itself.

</doc>
<doc id="7045525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045525" title="Red Cliff Chippewa Band">
Red Cliff Chippewa Band



</doc>
<doc id="7045526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045526" title="The Church Divinity School of the Pacific">
The Church Divinity School of the Pacific



</doc>
<doc id="7045527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045527" title="Mouzieys">
Mouzieys



</doc>
<doc id="7045528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045528" title="Gnu tar">
Gnu tar



</doc>
<doc id="7045531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045531" title="Enforceable">
Enforceable



</doc>
<doc id="7045534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045534" title="Inbred Mountain">
Inbred Mountain



</doc>
<doc id="7045536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045536" title="Mani madhava cakyar">
Mani madhava cakyar



</doc>
<doc id="7045544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045544" title="Estoy por ti">
Estoy por ti

Estoy por ti is a television dating show broadcast on Spain's Antena 3 channel from 11 July 2005 to 2006. It was presented by actress Anabel Alonso, and later by the Argentine Michel Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="7045550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045550" title="B-And-B">
B-And-B

B-And-B is a British television sitcom starring Bernard Braden, his wife Barbara Kelly and their daughter Kim Braden. It was written by Michael Pertwee, and aired for a pilot and one series in 1968.
Plot.
This domestic sitcom stars married couple Bernard Braden and Barbara Kelly as a married couple who both have successful showbusiness careers, and clearly there was an ounce of realism in the programme. In the pilot, Bernie falls for Chantal, their French au pair. Bernie thinks his wife is having an affair, they both think their children are taking drugs and in the final episode the couple contemplate divorce.

</doc>
<doc id="7045554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045554" title="Bakhoy River">
Bakhoy River



</doc>
<doc id="7045556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045556" title="List of ambassadors of Germany to Japan">
List of ambassadors of Germany to Japan

The following is a List of German ministers, envoys and ambassadors to Japan

</doc>
<doc id="7045561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045561" title="Legion of St. George">
Legion of St. George



</doc>
<doc id="7045564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045564" title="Tadhkirat al-huffaz">
Tadhkirat al-huffaz



</doc>
<doc id="7045567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045567" title="List of Japanese ministers, envoys and ambassadors to Germany">
List of Japanese ministers, envoys and ambassadors to Germany

The List of Japanese ministers, envoys and ambassadors to Germany started when Sameshima Naonobu presented his credentials to the German government in 1870. 
List.
This is a chronological list of Japanese diplomats.
In 2013, the head of the Japanese embassy in Berlin is Nakane Takeshi.

</doc>
<doc id="7045570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045570" title="Lienor">
Lienor



</doc>
<doc id="7045573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045573" title="Lienee">
Lienee



</doc>
<doc id="7045574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045574" title="Lenin State Library">
Lenin State Library



</doc>
<doc id="7045577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045577" title="Bakoy River">
Bakoy River

The Bakoy or Bakoye River (French: "Rivière Bakoy") is a river in West Africa. It runs through Guinea and Mali and joins with the Bafing River to form the Sénégal River at Bafoulabé in the Kayes Region of western Mali. In Manding languages, Bakoye signifies 'white river', Bafing 'black river' and Baloué 'red river'.
The source of the Bakoy is at an elevation of 760 m in the granite Monts Ménien to the northwest of Siguiri in Guinea. The river flows north and forms part of the international border between Guinea and Mali. It then meanders across the Manding Plateau and joins its principal affluent, the Baloué, which rises to the west of Bamako. The Bakoy is 560 km in length and drains a basin of around 85,600 km2. The river is seasonal with a maximum flow in September after the start of the West African Monsoon and almost no flow between January and June. The large year-to-year variation in the intensity of the West African Monsoon gives rise to large changes in the discharge of the Bakoy River. For the exceptionally dry year of 1972, the average flow at the Oualia gauging station, 54 km upstream of Bafoulabé, was only 30 m3/s while in 1958 the value was 260 m3/s. The average flow over the period 1951-1978 was 156 m3/s corresponding to an annual discharge of 4.9 km3. At Bafoulabé the average discharge of the Bakoy is between a third and a half of that of the Bafing.

</doc>
<doc id="7045579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045579" title="Semefé River">
Semefé River



</doc>
<doc id="7045584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045584" title="BON">
BON



</doc>
<doc id="7045588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045588" title="Bakoy">
Bakoy



</doc>
<doc id="7045590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045590" title="Leucomalachite green">
Leucomalachite green



</doc>
<doc id="7045594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045594" title="Bakhoy">
Bakhoy



</doc>
<doc id="7045600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045600" title="B And B">
B And B



</doc>
<doc id="7045601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045601" title="Triakis">
Triakis

Triakis is a genus of houndsharks in the family Triakidae. The name comes from the Ancient Greek word () meaning , and the Latin word meaning or , in reference to their three-pointed teeth.

</doc>
<doc id="7045604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045604" title="Champions Tour major championship">
Champions Tour major championship



</doc>
<doc id="7045606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045606" title="Barbon Beck">
Barbon Beck

Barbon Beck is a small river in Barbondale, Cumbria. It is a tributary of the River Lune.
Rising at Weather Ling Hill, where it is known as Barkin Beck, the stream passes southwest down Barbondale to Fell House, where, joined by Aygill (itself fed by Hazel Sike, which, like Aygill, rises on Barbon High Fell) and now known as Barbon Beck, it takes a westerly course, past Barbon Manor and through the village of Barbon and under the A683 road. At High Beckfoot it passes under a Grade-II-listed packhorse bridge, before meeting the River Lune opposite Mansergh Hall.
Historically, the source and upper reaches of Barbon Beck were in the West Riding of Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="7045613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045613" title="Night of the Pencils">
Night of the Pencils

The Night of the Pencils (in ), was a series of kidnappings and forced disappearances, followed by the torture, rape, and murder of 10 high-school students that began on the evening of 16 September 1976 and continued into the next day, during Argentina's last civil-military dictatorship. The event is one of the most infamous acts of repression committed by the last Argentine military dictatorship, as most of the victims were under 18 years of age. Four of the victims survived; the remains of the others have never been found.
Context.
In March 1976 the Argentine military seized power following a "coup d'état". The military junta then implemented what was called the National Reorganization Process which was a set of policies used by the regime to destroy left-wing guerrilla forces and oppress resistance to its rule. The process included kidnappings, torture and murder. Meanwhile, the Montoneros, a leftist guerilla group, responded violently to the junta and its actions as they enlisted other Argentines to join their campaign against the regime. The junta was undoubtedly fearful of the Montoneros and others who orchestrated opposition to the military junta. Thus, they sought to destroy any opposition.
The victims were largely from the "Unión de Estudiantes Secundarios" (Union of High School Students) of La Plata. UES was committed to achieving school reforms and other political reforms, including the 1975 protests in which more than 3,000 students marched to protest recent price hikes in the bus fare and demanding the restoration of a subsidised bus ticket for secondary school students. As with many left-wing activists in Argentina, they were persecuted and targeted by the Police.
The UES was a front organisation for the Montoneros, although the extent to which the UES was actively connected to the ERP and the Montoneros is disputed. Certainly, one of the survivors, Pablo Diaz, had left the UES for the Guevarist Youth in 1975.
Jorge Falcone, the brother of one of the kidnapped students, María Claudia Falcone, has maintained that her activities against the military dictatorship went beyond student protests, and that on the day she was kidnapped she was hiding weapons in her aunt's residence and was prepared to use them. He wrote his sister was not a victim, or a martyr, but a hero of the organization Montoneros.
He also defended his sister's commitment to the Montoneros guerrilla movement in Argentina:
My sister wasn't Little Red Riding Hood whom the wolf gulped down. She was a revolutionary militant. . . . The militant was the type [of person] who, in a moment, could send a molotov flying in a lightning act. . . They could also carry out support action in a major military operation.
On the whole, the victims were like thousands of other teens at the time who had become politically active after the fall of the Lanusse Dictatorship.
At a 2006 event to mark the 30th anniversary, Emilce Molder, who was held and tortured for 2 years said that:
"The ticket had been a motive of course to organize ourselves, but it happened in '75. It was too much before our arrests... the problem was that we were militant and that's what I associate our detention with. I was 17 years old and I couldn't defend myself against those charges [Illegal association, possession of weaponsand explosives]. They closed the door on me and then yes, I imagined the worst.
Regardless, as a group of young, left-wing, politically active students, the UES were suspected of having supplied fighters to the ERP. Colonel Ramón Camps, head of the Buenos Aires Provincial Police, and Director of Investigations Miguel Etchecolatz were tasked with eliminating the UES.
The kidnappings.
On 16 and 17 September 1976, masked men raided homes under cover of darkness, taking students away to clandestine detention centres in what became known as the "Night of the Pencils". It concluded five days later when Camps' henchmen kidnapped student Pablo Díaz. He was taken to a detention center in Arana, joining his fellow high school activists, where they were brutally tortured.
At some point in late September, a large group of detainees which included the students was herded into two police vans. The convoy stopped at the Investigations Brigade of Bánfield headquarters, where a number of people were forced to get out. Díaz was among them.&lt;ref name="pagina/12"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
Details of the Night of the Pencils were provided by the two of survivors from that 16–21 September period. Emilce Moler said: "They tortured us with profound sadism. I remember being naked. I was just a fragile small girl of about 1.5 m and weighed about 47 kg, and I was beaten senseless by what I judged was a huge man" and "after about a week at our first detention centre, we were all taken to another place in a truck. At some point we stopped and some of my friends were taken out. Those are the ones that disappeared." Moler said that she did not know why some UES members were allowed to live and others killed. Like most of the others, Emilce belonged to the students' union. The military regarded them as subversives.
Pablo Díaz testified: "In Arana, they gave me electric shocks in my mouth, my gums, and my genitals. They tore out one of my toenails. It was very usual to spend several days without food."
On 28 December 1976, an Army Major told Díaz he would become a legal prisoner and was transferred to the Pozo de Quilmes, where he joined Moler, Calotti and Miranda. Those who were still being held at Banfield are presumed to have been taken out and executed by firing squad on the first week of January 1977.
The kidnapped students were:
Aftermath.
In September 2011 nearly two dozen junta officials were charged with crimes against humanity for their roles in the Night of the Pencils. Among them was Miguel Etchecolatz, already serving a life sentence for other crimes committed as an officer in the regime.
Today the victims of the Night of the Pencils are remembered, along with thousands of other victims of the dictatorship, on March 24, the Argentine Day of Remembrance for Truth and Justice. Night of the Pencils is also now seen as the opening salvo in Argentina's Dirty War.

</doc>
<doc id="7045618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045618" title="Voice of Palestine">
Voice of Palestine

The Voice of Palestine () is the official radio broadcaster of the Palestinian Authority, based in Ramallah, Palestine. It is a subsidiary of the Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation, under the control of the Palestinian Authority. The station was originally known as the Voice of Palestinian Revolution ( ) before the 1993 Oslo Accords, and was launched on 17 October 1998.
On 12 October 2000 – shortly after the outbreak of the Second Intifada – successive Israeli Air Force raids stopped transmission of the Voice of Palestine, destroying the technical equipment used for transmission. As of 2008 the radio service broadcast on shortwave (AM).
The Voice of Palestine broadcasting centre was destroyed by Israel in January 2002. Anne Applebaum wrote that "the Voice of Palestine will remain what it has become: a combatant—and therefore a legitimate target—in a painful, never-ending, low-intensity war".
On 20 March 2023, Israeli authorities ordered Voice of Palestine to be banned from operating within Israel. Israel closed the Voice of Palestine's office in East Jerusalem, which is considered part of the West Bank, and Palestinian territories under international law. The order did not affect the station's operation in the West Bank and Gaza.

</doc>
<doc id="7045619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045619" title="Fred Rosner">
Fred Rosner

Fred Rosner (October 3, 1935 – July 2024) was an American professor of medicine at Mount Sinai School of Medicine and the director of the Department of Medicine at Queens Hospital Center. He was also the chairman of the Medical Ethics Committee of the State of New York. He was, moreover, an expert on Jewish medical ethics and on the medical writings of Moses Maimonides.
Life and career.
Rosner was born in Berlin, Germany, where, at the age of three, he and his brother were on the last of the Kindertransport boats to the United Kingdom. After the end of the Second World War, Rosner immigrated to the United States and was an undergraduate at Yeshiva University. He qualified as an MD at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, with the first graduating class in 1959.
He was a diplomat of the American Board of Internal Medicine and was board certified in his specialty of hematology. Among his many awards are the American Medical Association's Isaac Hays, MD, and John Bell, MD, Award for Leadership in Ethics and Professionalism; the Bernard Revel Memorial Award from the Yeshiva College Alumni Association for Distinguished Achievement in the Arts &amp; Sciences; and the Lawrence D. Redway Award for Excellence in Medical Writing from the Medical Society of New York.
Rosner published eight books on Jewish medical ethics, including "Modern Medicine and Jewish Ethics" (Ktav, 1991); "Medicine and Jewish Law I, II and III" (Jason Aronson, 1990 and 1993); "Pioneers in Jewish Medical Ethics" (Jason Aronson, 1997); and "Biomedical Ethics and Jewish Law" (Ktav, 2001). He also translated Avraham Steinberg's seven-volume "Encyclopedia Hilchatit Refuit" from Hebrew into English as the "Encyclopedia of Jewish Medical Ethics".
His other books include: an English translation of Julius Preuss's classic reference work "Biblical and Talmudic Medicine" (reprinted in 1993) and the "Encyclopedia of Medicine in the Bible and the Talmud" (Jason Aronson, 2000). He is also the translator and editor of "Moses Maimonides' Medical Writings" (seven volumes published by the Maimonides Research Institute, Haifa), "A Medical Encyclopedia of Moses Maimonides" (Jason Aronson, 1998), and "The Medical Legacy of Moses Maimonides" (Ktav, 1998). Dr. Rosner was recognized as an authority on this giant of Jewish thought and medieval medicine.
He also published almost 800 articles and thirty-nine chapters in books on all aspects of Jewish medical ethics and Jewish medical history, and on many other topics, including haematology, leukemia, anaemia, immunology, and general medicine.
Rosner was an internationally known authority on medical ethics, having lectured widely on Jewish medical ethics throughout USA, and served as visiting professor or lecturer in Israel, England, France, Germany, Mexico, Canada, the Netherlands, South Africa, New Zealand and Australia. He died in July 2024, at the age of 88.
Personal life.
Rosner married Saranne Rosner and had four children: Rabbi Shalom Rosner, MItch Rosner, Aviva Taragin, and Miriam Goldberg.

</doc>
<doc id="7045621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045621" title="Whitebait Smelt">
Whitebait Smelt



</doc>
<doc id="7045622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045622" title="Leatherworker">
Leatherworker



</doc>
<doc id="7045631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045631" title="Launderer">
Launderer



</doc>
<doc id="7045640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045640" title="Tatiana Prorochenko">
Tatiana Prorochenko



</doc>
<doc id="7045647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045647" title="2006 Holland Series">
2006 Holland Series

The 2006 Holland Series were held from 21 September to 1 October 2006 between the two Dutch play-off winners Corendon Kinheim and Konica Minolta Pioniers. The first team to win 3 games in the best-of-five-games series would become Dutch champions. Konica Minolta Pioniers took a 1-0 and 2–1 lead, but with only one more win needed they lost the remaining matches, resulting in a 3-2 Kinheim championship.
The end of Neptunus hegemony.
Rotterdam based defending champions DOOR Neptunus won the Holland Series for seven consecutive years, but found themselves beaten in 2006 during the play-offs by Konica Minolta Pioniers, third placed in the regular season. Since 2001 all Holland Series were decided in a clash between Neptunus and Bussum based Mr. Cocker HCAW. 2006 is the first season since 1992 that neither Neptunus or HCAW are in the Holland Series.
Kinheim and Pioniers.
Kinheim's most successful period was in the 90s when they reached the Holland Series five consecutive times (1992–1996). They lost four of their Holland Series entries, but managed to become Dutch champions in 1994 when beating Neptunus 3–2. In 2006 Kinheim won the regular league, the Honkbal Hoofdklasse and the KNBSB-Beker, which is the national cup trophy.
Pioniers' entrance in the 2006 Holland Series is only the second time in the team's history. In 1997 they also were able to beat Neptunus in the play-offs to beat HCAW 3–2 in the Holland Series and to claim their first title.
Before the Holland Series started Kinheim could be seen as the big favourite. During the regular season both teams met each other six times. Six out of six matches Kinheim left the pitch as winners, even claiming a 17–0 victory on 20 May. In total Kinheim scored 48 runs, while Pioniers were only able to hit 11 runs.
Results.
Match 1: Corendon Kinheim - Konica Minolta Pioniers 5-10.
As being the favourites Kinheim started the Holland Series strongly with full loaded bases in the 1st and 2nd innings. Pioniers avoided getting behind early in the game by two crucial doubleplays. In total Kinheim produced 14 hits, which was two hits more than Pioniers achieved. Still Pioniers managed to score 10 runs in the last six innings of the match to claim a 10–5 victory and a 1-0 Holland Series lead.
Match 2: Konica Minolta Pioniers - Corendon Kinheim 1-6.
Where Kinheim was surprisingly beaten in the first match, they equaled the Holland Series in the second match. Kinheim succeeded mainly because of their strong attack during this match. After two innings without any runs they scored a total of five runs in the third inning. Pioniers was not able to react and close the gap. Only in the sixth inning, when Kinheim already scored their sixth run, Pioniers was able to hit a single run back, but could not do any more in the remaining innings.
Match 3: Corendon Kinheim - Konica Minolta Pioniers 4-7.
The third match started off in the second inning when Pioniers scored an impressive five runs with Kinheim already in need to change their pitcher. Kinheim were able to hit one run back, but were chasing the visitors from the start. In the fourth inning the excitement returned when Kinheim scored three more runs, making the score 4–3 in Pioniers' advantage and fully loaded bases. The next hit however was caught and ending the inning. Pioniers then did not get into any more trouble and even managed to score two more runs themselves to win the match 7–4. Pioniers is excelling the series in defende, making eleven doubleplays and only making two errors in three matches.
Match 4: Konica Minolta Pioniers - Corendon Kinheim 5-6.
In a close fourth match Kinheim managed themselves their second win, to claim a fifth match to decide the Holland Series. Kinheim balanced on the knock-out after being behind 5–2 in the fourth inning. Kinheim closed the gap in the sixth by a run, but were still trailing by two points until a three-run inning in the seventh, resulting in a 6–5 lead. Kinheim was able to keep the lead and win the match to get the series to 2–2.
Match 5: Corendon Kinheim - Konica Minolta Pioniers 13-5.
Kinheim's win in the fourth match was good enough to claim a fifth and final match to decide which team could call themselves Dutch champions. Pioniers were slightly favourite, but only because all matches so far were won by the visiting team. It was no surprise the first run was scored by Pioniers taking a 1st inning lead. They expanded their lead in the second inning, but at the bottom of the 2nd Kinheim batted four runs in, resulting in a 4–2 lead. With Pioniers unable to score in the 3rd inning Kinheim had no problem scoring six runs, increasing their lead to 10–2. Pioniers fought back and hit an additional three runs in the 4th. At 10-5 the game was set on hold and no more runs were scored in the 5th, 6th and 7th inning. The match had to be suspended because of heavy rainfall for two hours. After the break Pioniers scored another three runs and then only had to struck out three more Pioniers batters to claim the title. With 2 men on the bases a fly-out in the 9th ended the match and the Series. Kinheim won their third Holland Series in the club's history.

</doc>
<doc id="7045660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045660" title="Tatiana Goishchik">
Tatiana Goishchik



</doc>
<doc id="7045662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045662" title="Wood Islands ferry">
Wood Islands ferry



</doc>
<doc id="7045665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045665" title="Nina Ziuskova">
Nina Ziuskova



</doc>
<doc id="7045667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045667" title="Wood Islands Ferry">
Wood Islands Ferry



</doc>
<doc id="7045679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045679" title="Obligations of confidentiality">
Obligations of confidentiality



</doc>
<doc id="7045682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045682" title="Floating lien">
Floating lien



</doc>
<doc id="7045690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045690" title="Jonathan Marray">
Jonathan Marray

Jonathan Marray (born 10 March 1981) is a former British tennis player and a Wimbledon Men's Doubles champion. Marray is a former top 20 doubles player, reaching a career high of world no. 15 in January 2013, mainly due to more regular appearances on the ATP World Tour, following his victory at Wimbledon 2012. He has also competed on the singles tour, reaching world no. 215 in April 2005, but was unable to continue his singles career, in part due to injuries.
Marray first came to prominence at the 2004 Queen's Club Championship where he reached the third round. Marray has since played predominantly on the ATP Challenger Tour, where he has reached one singles final and won multiple doubles competitions.
In 2012 at Wimbledon, he and his doubles partner, Frederik Nielsen, on a wildcard entry into the tournament, won the final in five sets, beating the much favoured fifth seeds, Robert Lindstedt and Horia Tecău. Marray was the first British men's doubles champion since Raymond Tuckey and Pat Hughes in 1936, the same year that Fred Perry last won the Wimbledon singles title. Marray and Nielsen also became the first players to win the men's doubles event on a wildcard.
Marray made his Davis Cup debut at 32, playing with Colin Fleming in the 2013 tie against Russia. Great Britain came from 2–0 down to beat Russia 3–2 to earn a World Group play-off. The last time Great Britain had come from 2–0 down to win a tie was 83 years previously against Germany. Marray was named for the 2013 World Group play-off against Croatia and so helped Great Britain earn promotion to the World Group for the first time since 2008.
Early and personal life.
Marray was born in Fazakerley, Liverpool, his father Kevin worked in computing at the Midland Bank, now HSBC, and his mother Kathleen was a nurse. Because of his father's job, they moved to Sheffield when Marray was three years old.
Marray attended Catholic primary school St Wilfrid's. Marray didn't start playing tennis until he was 10, when his mother took the family to a local club, Abbeydale Tennis Club, after watching Wimbledon.
Marray was educated at All Saints Catholic High School, a Voluntary Aided Roman Catholic state secondary school, and played on the school's tennis courts Marray played tennis with his brother David at Hallamshire Tennis and Squash Club, and at the HSBC courts in Dore, Sheffield. Two years older, David held the upper hand on the tennis court until Jonny was 14
After A-levels, he decided against university and turned professional in 2000. Most British professionals are nurtured from childhood as part of the Lawn Tennis Association's elite. Marray had not competed in junior grand slam tournaments and didn't have a junior world ranking, but he was determined to give it a go.
Marray has been confused for Andy Murray, especially when Andy first came on to the scene. While playing in Challenger tournaments in the US, people were asking, ‘are you the new kid, the next big thing?’. “Although I had to tell them I wasn't, every time I say Marray, they say Murray.” 
Marray shared a house in Sheffield with his sister, Siobhan, which he bought with his brother, David 
Career.
2000.
In February, Marray made his doubles debut at the Hull Challenger with Ben Gudzelak where they reached the quarterfinal. Marray/Gudzelak played five more tournaments in 2000.
Marray played his first singles match at the Dublin Futures F2 in June, losing in the first round.
At his second tournament in November, Marray won the India F4 Futures in Lucknow.
2001–2006.
Marray partnered Ben Riby and James May in the first half of 2001, then David Sherwood from July 2001 to June 2003;Marray/Sherwood winning five Futures titles during this period. Marray's first grand slam was the 2002 Wimbledon Championships with David Sherwood, losing in the 1st round.
From July 2003. Marray began a long-term partnership with Mark Hilton that lasted till the end of 2005, though it was not exclusive.
In early 2004, Marray won the British Satellite event in singles at Sheffield, while Marray/Hilton won four doubles tournaments on the satellite tour and consequently, Marray was announced for his Davis Cup debut in the Europe/Africa Zone Group I tie against Luxembourg. However he missed out when his teammates Tim Henman, Greg Rusedski and Arvind Parmar all played; Great Britain winning 4–1.
He first hit the headlines, when he reached the third round of the 2004 Queen's Club Singles, getting his first wins on the ATP Tour. In the third round he lost to the sixth seed Lleyton Hewitt, 7–6(2), 7–6 (8), wasting seven set points over two sets (respectively six and one), Hewitt needed five match points to finish the contest. This earned him his first singles appearance at Wimbledon as a wild card, although he was defeated in the first round by Karol Beck.
At this time, Marray was seen as a possible successor to Tim Henman, having a natural serve/volley game.
In September 2004, Marray/Sherwood won their sixth and final Futures title, Mulhouse France F14.
In January 2005 he won his first Challenger doubles tournament in Wrexham, with Mark Hilton He reached his highest singles ranking of 215 in May 2005.
In 2006, Marray mainly partnered Martin Lee, but played with eleven other players, winning 3 Challengers and a Futures tournament.
From May 2004 to June 2006, he stayed in the top 300 of the singles ranking for all but one week, but despite this consistency, did not progress any further. He reached a then-high of 138 in the doubles in August 2005. He did manage to make a final in singles of an ATP Challenger event, at the Nottingham Challenger event where he lost in straight sets to Robin Vik 3–6, 2–6.
2007–2008.
At Wimbledon 2007, partnering Richard Bloomfield, he made the third round, losing to the top seeded Bryan brothers. This was his best Grand Slam performance until 2012. His doubles ranking was a lot higher than in singles, so he took the opportunity to play better tournaments in doubles than singles. He continued to compete on the Challenger tour, although he eventually stopped playing singles matches.
Following the Championships, Marray was injured and after shoulder surgery, he struggled to find form and confidence, and considered quitting. Marray didn't play again until Wimbledon 2008 where he and Alex Bogdanovic were beaten in the first round. At his next tournament, Marray and Frederik Nielsen reached the finals of the Dublin Challenger.
In December 2008, Marray partnered Colin Fleming whose regular partner Ken Skupski was resting, and played in the Czech Republic, winning two Futures in Frydland Nad Ostravici, and Opava
2009.
In January, Marray and Richard Bloomfield won the Sheffield Futures.
Marray teamed up with fourteen players this year, but his lack of success meant he came close to giving up numerous times and becoming a coach. In 2009, things reached their nadir, but it proved to be a breakthrough season. Marray said "I played in a qualifying match in Nottingham just before Wimbledon, and I wasn't even trying to win the match. I just wanted off the court. I was 29 years old and I thought, if I'm doing that, what am I even doing playing tennis? It was quite emotional." However the fear that he hadn't done himself justice stopped him quitting.
At Wimbledon, he made it into the third round for only the second time, whilst partnering Jamie Delgado in their fifth event of the year. They lost in straight sets to the second seeds and eventual winners, Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić 5–7, 4–6, 4–6. This thrust him back into the top 200 of the world's doubles rankings, setting off a period of improved form. Following Wimbledon, Marray's increased ranking allowed him to become a regular on the ATP Challenger Tour, winning two titles with Jamie Murray and one with Joshua Goodall. He finished the season in the top 100 for the first time.
2010-2011.
Marray had partnered Jamie Murray sporadically, but now played regularly with him for the first 7 months of 2010. Thereafter Marray embarked on a steady partnership with Jamie Delgado until January 2012.
Through 2010 and 2011, Marray continued to have some success on the Challenger circuit, competing in 14 finals and winning 7. His most successful Grand Slam appearance was at the 2011 US Open with Delgado. They made it into the third round but lost to sixth seeds and tournament runners up Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski in three sets 7–6(7–5), 2–6, 3–6. He finished the season ranked 86th in the world.
2012: Wimbledon Men's Doubles Champion.
Marray partnered Jamie Delgado at the Australian Open and Dustin Brown at the French Open, but lost both in the first round. He also reached seven Challenger tour finals, winning two in Bosnia and Italy with Dustin Brown.
Marray had been friends with Frederik Nielsen since their early days on the senior tour, but had only played together twice before in 2006 and 2008. However, during 2012, he began partnering Frederik Nielsen, reaching the final of the 2012 Aegon Trophy, but lost to fellow Brit Dominic Inglot and Treat Conrad Huey of the Philippines, in three sets 4–6, 7–6(11–9), 8–10.
At Wimbledon, Marray and partner Frederik Nielsen were granted a wildcard. Marray was supposed to compete with Adil Shamasdin, but they did not get their paperwork in time. Before they reached the finals, they defeated two seeded teams, in addition to the defending champions Bob and Mike Bryan in the semi-final, over four sets 6–4, 7–6(11–9), 6–7(4–7), 7–6(7–5). By getting into the final, Marray became the first British man to get to a Wimbledon men's doubles final since 1960. In the final, they faced fifth seeds Robert Lindstedt and Horia Tecău. At one set all, during the third set tie break, Marray called a fault on himself after the umpire did not see that he had inadvertently touched the net while hitting a volley, which earned him praise for his sportsmanship and honesty. Despite this, Marray and Nielsen went on to win in five sets 4–6, 6–4, 7–6(7–5), 6–7(5–7), 6–3.
Marray became the first British player to win the Wimbledon men's doubles final since 1936, he thus became the first British person to win any Wimbledon Championship title since Jamie Murray in 2007; Marray and Nielsen became the first players to get to the final and to win the men's doubles on a wildcard at Wimbledon. This also raised his doubles ranking to a career-high no. 21 in the world. This was the first time Marray broke into the top 50 in the rankings, making him Britain's No. 1.
Marray credited sport psychologist, Richard De Souza, for helping him win Wimbledon. Saying that Richard “has been the biggest help to my tennis this year. A lot of my performances this week have to be put down to the work I have done with him.”
In spite of their Wimbledon victory, Nielsen declared that he liked playing singles, and wouldn't be playing doubles full-time.
Following his win, Marray received direct entry to higher level Masters tournaments for the first time. He initially struggled, however, playing with seven different partners and winning just two of thirteen matches in his eleven tournaments after Wimbledon. At the US Open Marray partnered again with Nielsen and were ranked as the eleventh seeds. They were beaten in the second round by Jesse Levine and Marinko Matosevic in three sets 1–6, 7–6(8–6), 4–6. Marray also competed in the Mixed doubles event but lost in the first round to Abigail Spears and Scott Lipsky in straight sets 1–6, 3–6. He partnered Vladimíra Uhlířová.
At the Paris Masters, Marray had his most successful run at a masters 1000 and since Wimbledon, reaching the semi-finals with Paul Hanley. On their way to the semi-finals they beat top seeds the Bryan Brothers in three sets. They eventually lost to fifth seeds and eventual winners Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna in straight sets. This put Marray into the top 20 for the first time in his career. Following straight on from Paris, he and Nielsen competed at the ATP World Tour Finals, for which they qualified thanks to winning at Wimbledon. The pair won their opening two matches of the group but lost their final match, however they qualified out of the robin round. They were eliminated in the semi-finals to eventual winners Marcel Granollers and Marc López in straight sets 4–6, 3–6. Marray ended the year ranked No. 17 in the world, a career high that made him the Britain's No. 1 doubles player.
In December, the Lawn Tennis Association announced that Marray was one of 21 players set to receive the LTA's highest level of funding next season, which is supported through Team Aegon.
2013.
Marray began 2013 partnering Dustin Brown, reaching the semi-finals of the Qatar Open before being defeated by Filip Polášek and Julian Knowle in three sets. At the Australian Open, Marray was seeded for the first time at a Grand Slam, partnering Brazilian player André Sá, and seeded 16th. They reached the second round, where they were defeated by Dutch pair Robin Haase and Igor Sijsling in straight sets. On 28 January he achieved his highest ranking, reaching number 15 in the world, no English born doubles player has ever been ranked higher (doubles rankings being introduced in 1976)
Marray later teamed up with fellow Brit Colin Fleming for several events, including a semifinal appearance at the Open Sud de France, where they were the top seeds.
After the pair were knocked out in the first round of the Miami Masters, Marray and Fleming headed to Coventry, UK to play in the doubles rubber of Great Britain's Davis Cup tie with Russia. Marray was making his Davis Cup debut at 32.
After the Great Britain team had lost the first two singles rubbers, the pair won against Victor Baluda and Igor Kunitsyn 6–1, 6–4, 6–2 in only an hour and a half to keep the tie alive.
A day later James Ward levelled the tie at 2–2 after beating Tursunov in five sets. Dan Evans then defeated world no. 80 Evgeny Donskoy comprehensively in straight sets, thus securing what was described as a "famous victory". The last time Great Britain had come from 2–0 down to win a Davis Cup tie was 83 years ago against Germany, Consequently, Great Britain won a place in the 16-team World Group play-offs in September.
Continuing his partnership with Fleming, Marray reached his second career ATP final, at the 2013 Aegon International. En route to the final, the pair defeated Marray's former partner Frederik Nielsen, with whom he had won the Wimbledon doubles title the previous year. In the final the pair faced the duo of Austrian Alexander Peya and Bruno Soares of Brazil. Despite a strong start in which they took the first set, the pair couldn't maintain their intensity and ultimately lost in three sets, a trio of double faults from Marray in the 8th game of the second set proving to be fatal.
Marray entered Wimbledon as defending champion, but despite his previous success with Frederik Nielsen, the two decided not to play together, Marray instead was partnered by Colin Fleming. The two made it to the third round, but they couldn't replicate the form that saw Marray clinch the title during the previous season, going out in straight sets to Daniel Nestor, and Robert Lindstedt, against whom Marray won the title the previous year. Failure to defend his title meant that Marray plummeted 19 places in the ATP rankings to no. 34, making him the second ranked British player behind Fleming.
Following on from Wimbledon, Marray remained in his partnership with Fleming, and going into the American hardcourt season, the pair made their second final of the year at the BB&amp;T Atlanta Open, Marray's first on hard courts. Here they faced French-Dutch duo of Edouard Roger-Vasselin and Igor Sijsling, however despite a close opening set, the Brits were ultimately defeated in straight sets. Marray had to miss both Montreal and Cincinnati due to injury, and so the pair played their next tournament at the US Open. Marray reached only the second Grand Slam quarterfinal of his career, defeating Indian/French duo of Rohan Bopanna and Édouard Roger-Vasselin before falling to Bob and Mike Bryan in a close straight sets encounter.
For the Davis Cup World Group play-off against Croatia in Umag on clay, Andy Murray, Dan Evans, James Ward and Colin Fleming were initially announced as the Great Britain team. However captain Leon Smith, called up Marray and Kyle Edmund, with Marray replacing James Ward, to give the team more doubles options, and Kyle Edmund acting as a hitting partner. In the event, Andy Murray, playing in his first Davis Cup tie for two years, won both his singles matches and the doubles with Colin Fleming to beat Croatia 4–1, and return Great Britain to the World Group for the first time since 2008.
During the Asian swing of tournaments, Marray continued to partner Fleming, however the pair only managed two second round appearances, at the China Open and the Shanghai Masters respectively. After the pair lost in the first round of the Swiss Indoors, Marray parted ways with Fleming, playing his final tournament of the year with Igor Sijsling, however once again losing his opening match. Marray ended the year ranked number 41 in the world, having lost a considerable number of points from failing to qualify for the ATP World Tour Finals.
In November, the Lawn Tennis Association announced a dramatic cut in elite player funding, with all financial support being withdrawn from Britain's doubles specialists and any singles players aged over 24, to reduce the number of supported players from 16 this year to just six in 2014.
2014.
Marray struggled for full fitness and finding a regular doubles partner, travelling to tournaments with no plan whatsoever.
He jetted out to Indian Wells in March, unable to convince anyone to join him on court, until Wimbledon's reigning men's singles champion Andy Murray offered to play with him. 
After fans queued around the grounds to watch Roger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka play together, it was standing room only for Murray and Marray's first competitive match together. Andy Murray and Jonny Marray won a thrilling doubles clash against Gaël Monfils and Juan Mónaco, 6–4 4–6 11–9, only to lose in the second round 7–6 (7–1), 6–3 to the No 2 seeds Alexander Peya and Bruno Soares.
Following this, Marray was then out for two months with a torn calf.
At Wimbledon, playing with Australian John-Patrick Smith for the first time, they won their first round match 6–4 5–7 6–4 over Andreas Siljeström and Igor Zelenay, before losing their next match against 15th seeds Juan Sebastian Cabal and Marcin Matkowski.
In September, Ross Hutchins decided to quit the Tour, soon after his return following treatment for Hodgkin's Lymphoma.
That prompted his partner Colin Fleming to team up with Jonny Marray.
Their first tournament together was the ATP Challenger in Istanbul. Their combined ranking points meant they were top seeds, making it all the way to the final and winning 6–4, 2–6, 10–8.&lt;ref name="Fleming/Marray win Istanbul Challenger doubles"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
Marray and Fleming moved onto the main ATP tour event in Metz, however, as their combined ranking was not quite high enough for direct entry, they temporarily split. Marray paired up with Jamie Murray, Fleming partnered Michael Venus of New Zealand.
2015.
In January, Marray and Yen-Hsun Lu claimed an impressive 6–3 7–6 (7/4) win over top seeds Raven Klassen and home favourite Leander Paes in the Chennai final in India. It was Marray's first ATP-level title since his famous surprise victory with Freddie Nielsen in SW19 back in 2012.
In February, Marray and Fleming were narrowly beaten in the doubles final at the Open 13 in Marseille. Looking for their first title together in their third final, Fleming and Marray went down 6–4 3–6 10–8 to Croatia's Marin Draganja and Henri Kontinen of Finland despite winning four more points.
Having failed to get the results they wanted, Fleming decided to split from Jonny Marray. Fleming said breaking the news to Marray, a good friend, had been hard.
In July, Marray won the ATP 250 event in Newport, Rhode Island alongside Pakistani player Aisam Qureshi. The win put Marray back into the world's top 50.
2016.
Aisam-Ul-Haq Qureshi, ranked 37, announced that during the 2016 season he would partner Marray ranked 53, but after three first round defeats, which included the Australian Open, they parted. Marray partnered Mahesh Bhupathi and Rameez Junaid several times with occasional runs to the semi and quarter of Challengers and Tour events.
In April, Marray started a more successful regular partnership with Canadian Adil Shamasdin, reaching the semifinals of the Aegon Surbiton Trophy.
At Wimbledon, Marray/Shamasdin beat last year's champions Jean-Julien Rojer and Horia Tecău in the first round and progressed to the quarterfinals. This was the first time Marray had reached this stage at a Grand Slam since his Championship win in 2012.
Two weeks later, Marray/Shamasdin reached the finals at the Hall of Fame Championships in Rhode Island.
2017: Final year and retirement.
In February 2017 season Marray played his final tournaments and retired one month before his 36th birthday, having played professionally for 17 years. His last tournaments were the ATP250 event at the Open Sud De France, then the Challenger La Manche.
Doubles performance timeline.
"Current till 2017 Open Sud de France".

</doc>
<doc id="7045691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045691" title="Richards-Gebaur">
Richards-Gebaur



</doc>
<doc id="7045697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045697" title="History of sculpting">
History of sculpting



</doc>
<doc id="7045701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045701" title="Richards Gebaur Airport">
Richards Gebaur Airport



</doc>
<doc id="7045702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045702" title="Red Cliff Ojibwe">
Red Cliff Ojibwe



</doc>
<doc id="7045704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045704" title="Jonny Marray">
Jonny Marray



</doc>
<doc id="7045705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045705" title="Would Like to Meet">
Would Like to Meet

Would Like to Meet is a British reality television dating series, first broadcast on BBC Two in 2001. Presented by Lowri Turner, it featured relationship expert Tracey Cox, confidence coach Steven Anderson (later replaced by Jeremy Milnes) celebrity stylist Jay Hunt and Debenhams fashion director Spencer Hawken, who each used their expertise to help a singleton find a date. The show ran for three series until 2003. This was followed by a one-off celebrity special in 2004 where the experts helped TV presenter Esther Rantzen.
The series led to numerous success stories, one of whom was Jon Massey, the subject of programme two of series two. As a direct result of his being featured in the programme, he was contacted after transmission by a woman who became his future wife.
Having changed his name in the meantime to Jon McKnight, he was married at The Ritz in London on 19 December 2004. Jeremy Milnes, who had acted as his confidence coach during the filming of the programme, and Alannah Richardson, the series producer, were guests of honour at the wedding in the hotel's Marie Antoinette Suite.
"Would Like To Meet Again".
A six-part series called "Would Like To Meet Again", was broadcast on BBC Two from 14 August to 18 September 2008. Made by Talkback Thames, the company that produced the original series, it featured 12 past contributors from "Would Like To Meet".
Each programme followed two contributors to find out what happened next. The producers say, in a press release issued on 16 June 2008, that the 12 contributors featured in the new series account for three weddings, one engagement, and five babies – with only four people left looking for love.
The new series featured the original presenters.
Jon McKnight one of the original subjects of the show "Would Like To Meet" was featured in "Would Like to Meet Again".

</doc>
<doc id="7045706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045706" title="Bob Hasegawa">
Bob Hasegawa

Robert Alan Hasegawa (born September 22, 1952) is an American labor leader and politician serving as a member of the Washington State Senate, representing the 11th Legislative District since January 2013. Hasegawa is a lifelong resident of Seattle's Beacon Hill. He previously served in the Washington State House of Representatives, and is retired from the Teamsters Union where he was a member and union leader for over 32 years.
Early life and education.
Bob Hasegawa grew up in Seattle, and lives in the Beacon Hill residence he grew up in. The son of Japanese immigrants, his parents, aunts, uncles, and grandparents were interned by the Federal government of the United States during World War II.
Graduating from Cleveland High School in 1970, Hasegawa studied physics at the University of Washington. He went on to graduate from Antioch University Seattle with dual concentrations in Labor Relations and Organizational and Social Change. Hasegawa also received a Master of Public Administration from the Daniel J. Evans School of Public Policy and Governance at the University of Washington. He holds an associate degree in labor studies from Shoreline Community College and studied information technology at Seattle Central Community College.
His daughter, Toshiko Grace Hasegawa, has served as an elected Commissioner on the Seattle Port Commission since 2022.
Career.
Hasegawa worked as a commercial truck driver, is a certified transport operator, and is a journey-level heavy construction equipment operator. He holds a Class A-Commercial Drivers License, with endorsements for hazardous material, doubles and triple trailer, tank cargo, non-air brake, and pilot car driving. He is also DHS and FAA certified for Seattle–Tacoma International Airport and Boeing Field.
Activism.
Hasegawa is a longtime labor and social justice activist from Seattle. He was elected head of the largest Teamsters trucking local workers union in the Pacific Northwest (Teamsters Local 174) for three terms (nine years), and was also a leader in the national Teamsters pro-union democracy reform movement, TDU (Teamsters for a Democratic Union). He was an executive board member of the King County Labor Council, AFL-CIO representing the transportation trades. He was the first Asian American to run for International Vice President of the Teamsters Union, in 2001. On June 30, 2001, "Bob Hasegawa Day" was proclaimed in honor of his labor activism by Seattle Mayor Paul Schell and King County Executive Ron Sims. He received an award that was created in honor of the memory of Silme Domingo and Gene Viernes, labor activists who were killed opposing the regime of Ferdinand Marcos.
Hasegawa serves on the national executive board of the Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance, AFL-CIO (APALA) as well as on the APALA Seattle Chapter Executive Board, and has served on numerous other boards of community-based organizations.
Politics.
Hasegawa ran to succeed Representative Velma Veloria in the Washington State House of Representatives in 2004. He defeated a crowded field of Democrats in the primary election, and went on to win the general election with almost two-thirds of the vote.
In early 2012, Hasegawa announced that he was running to succeed Margarita Prentice in the Washington State Senate. Hasegawa eventually won the November 6 election, and took office in January 2013.
Hasegawa announced in 2017 that he would run for mayor of Seattle. He received 8.4% of the vote in the primary election.
Political positions.
Healthcare.
Hasegawa has advocated for universal public healthcare since running in his first election in 2004. In 2019 he introduced a legislative version of The Washington Health Trust, a statewide universal healthcare proposal originally introduced to the public by Whole Washington as a ballot initiative, into the Washington State Senate as SB.5222. In 2022 Hasegawa was the primary sponsor of SJM 8006 requesting a federal-state partnership towards the establishment of a universal single-payer healthcare both statewide in Washington and federally.
Housing.
Homelessness and housing affordability are big issues in Seattle. Hasegawa has publicly stated his focus on increasing housing, investing in more public housing, and protecting renters. In the Senate, he has supported legislation designed to increase the amount of affordable rental housing. He co-sponsored legislation to increase funding for local homeless housing and assistance programs.
Taxes.
Hasegawa has long criticized Washington's tax structure. As a mayoral candidate, he has publicized his opposition to the sweet-beverage tax voted on by the Seattle City Council, calling the tax "regressive." While he voted for the Sound Transit 3 package, Hasegawa has criticized Sound Transit. He has publicly expressed concerns about the effect the increased taxation of ST3 has on low-income residents.
State bank.
Hasegawa has long been an advocate for public banking. He has repeatedly introduced legislation to create a state bank in Washington (the "Washington Investment Trust") that would be modeled after the Bank of North Dakota, which is the only current public bank in the United States. Proponents of public banking argue that such banks help stabilize economies, aid long-term growth, and help balance government budgets. He has publicly stated that it would reduce debt servicing costs, generate revenue, and increase the options the state and local jurisdictions have to finance infrastructure projects. A proposal for a municipal bank in Seattle is a component of Hasegawa's mayoral platform.
Affirmative action.
Hasegawa supported Initiative-1000, a measure to re-legalize affirmative action in Washington, in the State Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="7045708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045708" title="Syria (ship)">
Syria (ship)

Syria was a 1,010-ton, iron sailing ship with a length of , a breadth of and draught of . She was built by William Pile of Sunderland for the Nourse Line, named after the Syria River in Karnataka, India and launched in 1868. She was primarily used for the transportation of Indian indentured labourers to the colonies.
Voyages of the "Syria".
Details of some of these voyages are as follows:
Destruction.
The voyage to Fiji was the last for "Syria" as she ran aground on the Nasilai Reef, only four miles from shore, at 8.30 pm on 11 May 1884 with the loss of 59 lives. This was the worst maritime disaster in the history of Fiji. On this fateful voyage, the "Syria" left Calcutta on 13 March 1884 carrying 497 passengers. Its journey was uneventful except that the route, through the Indian Ocean and travelling south of Australia to utilise the prevailing winds, took only 58 days which was two weeks less than expected.
Five of the six lifeboats were destroyed by the heavy seas and on the sixth, four crew members went to look for assistance. They reached Nasilai village at dawn but their inability to communicate with the natives resulted in them being taken to Levuka instead of Suva. On reaching Levuka at 5 pm a rescue party was organised and they reached the stricken ship at 9 pm. Dr William MacGregor, the Chief Medical Officer and Acting Colonial Secretary, took charge of the rescue operations on the morning of 13 May. When the first rescue boats reached the scene, the majority of the passengers were in the water on the reef, making as far towards the land as they could, but a considerable number were still in the wrecked vessel, chiefly women and children. The ship lay on her port side. The masts were all broken into fragments, and sails, ropes, and debris of all kinds were mixed up and thrown about in the breakers in wild confusion.
The survivors were carried by boats and Fijian canoes to Nasilai village. The last rescue boat reached the village at 8 pm The next morning they were taken to Nasilai Immigration Depot and then to Nukulau. Fifty-six passengers and three crew members died in the wreck but a further eleven died in the next fortnight due to complications resulting from their experience.
On 29 June 2006, the Fiji Indian Association in Auckland (New Zealand) donated a 100-year-old tree root, recovered from the sea, to be placed in the crematorium foyer of the Memorial Gardens Crematorium in Manukau City. The artifact commemorates the ship "Syria".

</doc>
<doc id="7045715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045715" title="Red Cliff Chippewa">
Red Cliff Chippewa



</doc>
<doc id="7045717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045717" title="Maitre de ballet">
Maitre de ballet



</doc>
<doc id="7045721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045721" title="Red Cliff Band">
Red Cliff Band



</doc>
<doc id="7045743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045743" title="Paramount power">
Paramount power



</doc>
<doc id="7045745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045745" title="2005 Holland Series">
2005 Holland Series

The 2005 Holland Series was a series of baseball games held from September 24, 2005 to October 1, 2005 between the two Dutch play-off winners DOOR Neptunus and Mr. Cocker HCAW. The first team to have won three games in the best-of-five-games series became Dutch champions in this case, Door Neptunus with 3 shutout wins.

</doc>
<doc id="7045750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045750" title="Russel Ward">
Russel Ward

Russel Braddock Ward AM (9 November 1914 – 13 August 1995) was an Australian historian. He is best known for "The Australian Legend" (1958), an examination of the development of the "Australian character", which was awarded the Ernest Scott Prize.
Early life and education.
His parents were Florence Winifred Ward, née Braddock and John Frederick Ward, a teacher. Russel attended three schools at which his father worked. In the early 1920s, his father joined the staff of Thornburgh College, in Charters Towers, Queensland. In 1923, J. F. Ward was appointed founding headmaster of Wesley College, Perth. Russel completed his schooling at Prince Alfred College (PAC), Adelaide after his father became headmaster there in the early 1930s. At PAC Ward was a busy student, serving as prefect and on numerous committees including debating, rowing, christian union, cadets and historical society of which he was president.
Early career.
Ward studied English at the University of Adelaide and taught at Geelong and Sydney Grammar Schools. During World War II he served in an army psychological unit. Ward's membership of the Communist Party of Australia (1941 to 1949) brought him to the attention of ASIO; and, in 1984, he appeared before the Hope Royal Commission on Australia's security and intelligence agencies stating that ASIO had harassed him for 40 years.
Academic career.
Ward was at the University of New England as a lecturer in the 1950s and deputy chancellor for eight years.
In his book, "The Australian Legend", Ward argued that the Australian bush was egalitarian and that this influenced Australian culture. Ward's book was both influential and controversial and is grouped among the classic historical references on Australia history. In the 40 years since its first publication, there were three editions and it has been reprinted 15 times.
His thesis in "Legend" was later challenged by Humphrey McQueen in 1970. It would influence the development of the Australian New Left.
In the 1986 Queen's Birthday honours Ward was made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) for "service to literature, particularly in the field of Australian history".
Ward died in Texas, Queensland on August 13, 1995, at the home of his partner, Jeané Upjohn.
Legacy.
The Russel Ward Annual Lecture was established in his honour by the University of New England in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="7045760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045760" title="Nissim Gaon">
Nissim Gaon



</doc>
<doc id="7045762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045762" title="Beryl Beaurepaire">
Beryl Beaurepaire

Dame Beryl Edith Beaurepaire, (née Bedggood; 24 September 1923 – 24 October 2018) was an Australian political activist, feminist and philanthropist.
Early life and career.
She was born in Camberwell, Victoria, to a middle-class family who ran a shoe manufacturing company. She was educated at Fintona Girls' School.
She served as a meteorological officer in the Women's Auxiliary Australian Air Force from early 1942 to late 1945.
In 1946, she married Ian Francis Beaurepaire (1922–1996); the couple had twin sons. Ian Beaurepaire, CMG was Lord Mayor of Melbourne from 1965 to 1967. Her father-in-law, Sir Frank Beaurepaire, had also been Lord Mayor from 1940 to 1942.
Charity and political work.
Beaurepaire was a member of the YWCA Australia national executive from 1969 to 1977. She was Vice-President of the Citizens Welfare Service Victoria from 1970 to 1986 and Chairman of the Board of Management of Fintona Girls School from 1973 to 1987.
From 1974 to 1976, she served as Chairman of the Federal Women's Committee of the Liberal Party of Australia, vice-president of the Victorian Division of the Liberal Party from 1976 to 1986, and convener of the first National Women's Advisory Council from 1978 to 1982.
In 1999, when the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW) was supplemented by an Optional Protocol to create a mechanism allowing individual claims of violations to be made to the CEDAW Committee, and by a procedure enabling the committee to initiate inquiries into situations of grave or systematic violations of women's rights, Dame Beryl publicly opposed the Government's decision not to sign or ratify that Protocol.
From 1985 to 1993, she was Chair of the Australian War Memorial Council and in 1993 Chair of the Australian War Memorial Fund Raising Committee.
Beaurepaire served on a number of boards, including as a member of the Australian Children's Television Foundation Board from 1982 to 1988, a member of the Board of Victoria's 150th Authority from 1982 to 1987, and a member of the Australian Bi-centennial Multicultural Foundation from 1989 to 1992. Dame Beryl was also a member and the Chair of the Patrons Council of the Epilepsy Foundation of Victoria.
She was Patron to a number of community organisations including Children First Foundation since 2000, Peninsula Hospice Service since 1999, Palliative Care (Vic.) since 1999, Victorian College of the Arts since 1999, Epilepsy Foundation of Victoria since 1999, Australians Against Child Abuse since 1999, Peninsula Health Care Network Foundation since 1996 and the Portsea Children's Camp since 1996.
She died on 24 October 2018, aged 95.
Honours.
Beaurepaire was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1975 and made a Dame Commander of the order in 1981. In 1977 she was awarded the Silver Jubilee medal. In 1991 she was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia. In 2001 she was presented with the Centenary Medal as well as being inducted into the Victorian Honour Roll of Women.

</doc>
<doc id="7045767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045767" title="Three buck chuck">
Three buck chuck



</doc>
<doc id="7045768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045768" title="Duality theory of abelian varieties">
Duality theory of abelian varieties



</doc>
<doc id="7045769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045769" title="Smith's Creek, Michigan">
Smith's Creek, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7045776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045776" title="Horus Rising">
Horus Rising



</doc>
<doc id="7045777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045777" title="Birk Beck">
Birk Beck

Birk Beck is a minor river in Cumbria.
Rising on the fells near Shap, Birk Beck runs south-by-south east, picking up Wasdale Beck (running east and draining "Yarlside" and "Gargill") and Bretherdale Beck (flowing east from "Demmings Moss" and "Bretherdale Bank") before falling into the River Lune near the head of the "Lune Gorge" by Castle Howe close to Old Tebay.

</doc>
<doc id="7045779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045779" title="Internapoli FC">
Internapoli FC

Internapoli Football Club are an Italian association football club based in the Vomero area of Naples, Campania.
Founded in 1909 as S.C. Vomero, the club has been re-launched several times, first in 1935, under the auspices of Cral Cirio, and later, in 1964, under Internapoli dominion.
The club have always played in the lower levels of Italian football. Their highest performance in the league was two 3rd-place finishes in Serie C during the late 1960s. Internapoli have had more notable success in the cup, winning the Coppa Italia Dilettanti, the amateur variation of the Coppa Italia in 1980.
In the 2009–10 and 2010–11 seasons, Internapoli played in Eccellenza Campania. In the 2011–12 season, it played in the Serie D as "Internapoli Città di Marano".
In 2022 Internapoli were relaunched again.
History.
The club's roots can be traced to CRAL Cirio who were founded in 1935. They played in the "San Giovanni a Teduccio" neighborhood of Naples. They were named after the Turin industrialist Francesco Cirio who founded the first tomato canning company (still operating under the same name today in San Giovanni a Teduccio.), After playing for a time in regional leagues in Campania, in 1951–52 they were entered into a league equivalent to Serie D, where they finished in the top half of the table.
During the 1953–54 season, Cirio narrowly missed being promoted to Serie C after coming in second to Foggia in their category by just two points. They bounced back, ending the next season first in their group, but they lost the playoff game 1–0 to a club from Molfetta. In the next two seasons, they ended in second place in their group, losing to Reggina and Marsala respectively.
In the 1957–58 season, the club was promoted to Serie C, having ended the season ahead of clubs such as Lecce, Casertana and Avellino. In Serie C, they achieved a respectable 9th-place finish in their group. However, the following season, after ending with the same number of points as Crotone, they lost a play-out match 1–0 and were relegated to Serie D again. By the end of their time as "Cirio," they had lost form in Serie D and had been unable to achieve better results.
Rebirth under the name Internapoli.
On 30 June 1964, Dr. Giovanni Proto and Carlo Del Gaudio took over the club along with a group of Naples locals who worked as builders and manufacturers; renaming it Internapoli Football Club. Many of the players from the old club remained, including men such as Anglo-Italian player Giuseppe Wilson who would later go on to fame with Lazio and Italy.
The club was reborn under the name Internapoli to ensure that the city of Naples would have a stable football club of some sort. Neighbouring clubs like A.C. Napoli were experiencing financial difficulties, leaving their future hanging in the balance. But within a week of Internapoli's founding, "Associazione Calcio Napoli" had changed their name to "Società Sportiva Calcio Napoli" and continued on.
Along with a new name came new colours, the green kit of Cirio was replaced by sky blue and white stripes, known in Italy as "biancocelesti". Internapoli had taken control of the "Stadio Arturo Collana" in the "Vomero" neighbourhood, which has previously been used by SSC Napoli who had left for the considerably larger "Stadio San Paolo".
Internapoli achieved their first promotion under the new dominion in the 1966–67 season, it was a closely competed league with Internapoli beating out second place Savoia by just one point. As they were promoted into Serie C to start a four-season spell in the league, Internapoli began to gather popularity gaining a fan club of 6000 strong, it was called "Amici dell'Internapoli" (Friends of Internapoli).
Brazilian Luís Vinício was manager during one season in this Serie C period, the squad of the time included a bright young striker in Giorgio Chinaglia who would later go on to fame with Lazio. Two out of the four seasons during this time in Serie C were particularly notable, in both the 1968–69 and 1969–70 seasons Internapoli finished in third place; their highest ever finish in the Italian football league.
Decline and merger with Puteolana.
However, following their consecutive third-place finishes some of the club's most influential players were bought by more famous clubs and Internapoli were relegated in bottom place. Down in Serie D the following season, the club were stunned when they were relegated for the second season in a row. It was a cruel relegation for the club when considering that the team who finished 9th were only three points above 16th place Internapoli.
The club had fallen back down to the regional footballing competitions for the rest of the 1970s, in leagues such as "Promozione Campania". By the start of the 1980s, Internapoli were starting to come back into form; first they won the Coppa Italia Dilettanti by beating Mobilieri Ponsacco 1–0, the competition is the amateur equivalent of the Coppa Italia. Eventually, the club pulled themselves back up into Serie D (known as Campionato Interregionale at the time) for the 1981–82 season.
Because of problems with their home "Stadio Collana", Internapoli were moved to Pozzuoli and became part of the club Puteolana 1909, essential leaving Internapoli liquidized. However, many wanted to bring back the old club for their area and so a new club named Gabbiano Napoli was set up playing in 1 °Categoria. Gabbiano swiftly climbed up the Italian league tables and during the 1991–92 season, they were crowned champions of the Eccellenza Campania. This meant they were promoted into Serie D (then known as Campionato Nazionale Dilettanti), where they consistently finished in the top half of their group during the early 1990s.
Return of Internapoli.
At the end of the 1995–96 season, when Gabbiano finished as runners-up to Casertana, they restored the name of the club to Internapoli. This was the first time Internapoli had fully returned in full form since the split in 1982. The restoration was initiated by president Cerbone and vice-president Dr. Alinei; they chose coach Enzo Troiano to take care of the squad.
In their first season back under the Internapoli name, they almost achieved promotion, but came runners-up to Cavese, missing out by three points. In the following two seasons they were unable to equal or better this; they slipped down to 7th and in the next season they were placed in a group with many Sicilian teams, this proved to be their downfall as all the traveling proved tough and they were subsequently relegated.
Dario Pasquariello moved the club to the city of Torre Annunziata at the end of 1999, essentially leaving Internapoli in a defunct state once again. A local team Camaldoli, owned by Francesco and Massimo Di Marino made moves to change their club into Internapoli to carry on the legacy. This was achieved, Camaldoli's red and yellow colours were exchanged for the traditional sky blue and white; the club's name was changed to Internapoli Camaldoli. At the end of the 2010–11 Eccellenza season, the club gained promotion to Serie D and moved to Marano di Napoli, changing their denomination to S.S.D. Internapoli Città di Marano.
Maradona Junior.
During the mid-2000s, the club gained widespread attention in the Italian media, this was because the Italian son of Diego Maradona, named Diego Sinagra was signed by the club.
Serie D.
At the end of the 2010–11 Eccellenza season, the club was promoted to Serie D after the play-off.
Puteolana 1902 Internapoli.
At the end of the 2011–12 Serie D season, "Internapoli Città di Marano" moved from the city of Marano di Napoli to Pozzuoli and changed its name to S.S.D. Puteolana 1902 Internapoli in order to continue the soccer history of Puteolana.
Colors and badge.
The team's colours are biancocelesti.
Current squad.
"Updated 21 June 2007"

</doc>
<doc id="7045782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045782" title="Tatiana Providokhina">
Tatiana Providokhina



</doc>
<doc id="7045785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045785" title="Duality of abelian varieties">
Duality of abelian varieties



</doc>
<doc id="7045788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045788" title="Reiner Sacchoni">
Reiner Sacchoni



</doc>
<doc id="7045789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045789" title="El Caballito">
El Caballito

El Caballito may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7045795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045795" title="6th World Scout Jamboree">
6th World Scout Jamboree

The 6th World Scout Jamboree () was held in 1947 and was hosted by France at Moisson. This was the first jamboree to have been held after Baden-Powell's death in 1941. It was originally planned to take place in 1941 in France.
Unofficial theme.
Following the devastation of World War II, this event was aptly named the Jamboree of Peace. The Jamboree showed that even through the years of the war, the Scout Movement was still strong and growing. 24,152 Scouts attended the event from 38 countries.
High-ranked visitors.
The President of the French Republic, Vincent Auriol, paid an official visit on 14 August 1947, and saw a special arena program, including massed Highland dancing by the Scots. He toured around the camp, partially on foot and partially on the unique little railway, brought from the Maginot Line, that circled around among the subcamps. His visit was also marked by clouds of dust-Moisson was the "Dustboree"-and by hordes of press photographers who seemed to make a point to get in his way, at which point General Joseph Lafont made the sotto voce plea "God Save the King"

</doc>
<doc id="7045800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045800" title="James Patrick Bannerman Robertson, 1st Baron Robertson">
James Patrick Bannerman Robertson, 1st Baron Robertson



</doc>
<doc id="7045802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045802" title="Vasily Solomin">
Vasily Solomin



</doc>
<doc id="7045809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045809" title="Wave file format">
Wave file format



</doc>
<doc id="7045812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045812" title="Gennady Volnov">
Gennady Volnov



</doc>
<doc id="7045814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045814" title="Wave format">
Wave format



</doc>
<doc id="7045815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045815" title="Zack Hudgins">
Zack Hudgins

Zachary Lucas Hudgins (born December 12, 1968) is an American politician who served as a member of the Washington House of Representatives for the 11th Legislative District from 2003 to 2021. His District included Renton, Tukwila and South Seattle.
Early life and education.
Born in Austin, Texas, Hudgins has a degree from the University of Notre Dame in Notre Dame, Indiana.
Career.
Prior to his career in politics, Hudgins worked at Amazon.com as a project manager and program manager with Microsoft. He has also worked as a campaign manager for various Democratic congressional candidates.
Politics.
On November 1, 2011, Hudgins announced his candidacy for the office of the Secretary of State of Washington in the 2012 general election. On March 12, 2012, Hudgins withdrew from the race, focusing instead on running for an additional term representing the 11th District.
Zack Hudgins ran for the office of King County Director of Elections in 2015, losing to Julie Wise, the Deputy Director of the Department.
His committee assignments include Business &amp; Financial Services, General Government Appropriations &amp; Oversight (Chair) and Ways &amp; Means. He is active in the Beacon Alliance of Neighbors and the SW King County Chamber of Commerce. He is also a member of the Greater Renton Chamber of Commerce and the Highlands Community Association. Hudgins has led seminars on democracy in the newly independent republics of Ukraine and Kyrgyzstan and in Iraq, with the National Democratic Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="7045817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045817" title="Ivan Yedeshko">
Ivan Yedeshko



</doc>
<doc id="7045821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045821" title="Buntine Highway">
Buntine Highway

The Buntine Highway is a 581-kilometre highway in the Northern Territory and Western Australia. It runs from the Victoria Highway via Top Springs and Kalkarindji and then to Nicholson, Western Australia. The section from the Victoria Highway to Kalkaringi is a single-lane sealed road with a few dual-lane sections; the remaining section is unsealed. Funding for maintenance is provided by the Northern Territory government.
The highway was named in 1996 after Noel Buntine who established a livestock transportation business known as Buntine Roadways in the 1950s in northern Australia.
Upgrades.
The Northern Australia Roads Program announced in 2016 included the following project for the Buntine Highway.
Road upgrading.
The project for pavement strengthening, widening and sealing on priority sections is to be complete in mid 2022 at a total cost of $48.1 million.
Major intersections.
The only major intersection on this road is with the Buchanan Highway (National Route 80) at Top Springs.

</doc>
<doc id="7045824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045824" title="Sergey Kovalenko">
Sergey Kovalenko

Sergey Kovalenko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7045825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045825" title="False Gods">
False Gods



</doc>
<doc id="7045830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045830" title="Saint Patrick Visitor Centre">
Saint Patrick Visitor Centre

The Saint Patrick Visitor Centre is a modern exhibition complex located in Downpatrick, County Down, Northern Ireland. It is a permanent interpretative exhibition centre featuring interactive displays on the life and story of Saint Patrick, the patron saint of Ireland. It provides the only permanent exhibition centre in the world devoted to Saint Patrick.
It is situated in the town centre, below Down Cathedral and the site of Saint Patrick's grave and is open all year round. It was established using Millennium Project funding from the National Lottery, cost £6.3m and opened in 2001. In the exhibition, entitled "Ego Patricius", Saint Patrick's own words are used to illuminate the arrival of Christianity in Ireland and its development through his mission. It also reveals the artwork and metalwork which were features of the Early Christian period, as well as the major impact of Irish missionaries in this period in Europe. The exhibition uses a multi-media approach and state-of-the art technology to focus on the historical Saint Patrick and not on the legends, as well as a film shown in the purpose-built cinema. The design involves bold glass walls, life-size figurines, videos and voice recordings.
Apart from the permanent exhibition, the Centre also features a tourist information centre, craft shop, cafe and art gallery. The Centre also has an Education Initiative reaching out to local schools.
The Centre has a cross community ethos of working in the ‘Spirit of Saint Patrick’ and has worked over the years with the Ancient Order of Hibernians, the Department of Foreign Affairs in Dublin and the Ulster-Scots Agency to support studies of local traditions. Support for the Centre has been growing from parents, schools, academics, artists, politicians and people in industry and commerce thanks to the people from a variety of academic disciplines who are presently planning its future. A range of scholars and political leaders from Europe and the United States are committed to supporting the continuing work of the Centre.
Since 2008 a series of North American 501(c)(3) charities, called the Friends of Saint Patrick Centre, have created Chapters to support the work of the Centre in Milwaukee, Minnesota, Arizona, Albany and Toronto. Since that date they have supported the centres’ Young Ambassadors' Programme, which hosts up to twelve American and Canadian university students, coming to learn about the people of Northern Ireland and feedback their discoveries to their families and friends and fellow students back at home.
Awards.
The Centre was highly commended in the Information and Communication Category in the 2004 Northern Ireland Tourism Awards.
Visitor Numbers.
The Centre attracted 80,000 visitors in its first two years of operation and in 130,000 in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="7045831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045831" title="Semefé">
Semefé



</doc>
<doc id="7045839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045839" title="Sergey Belov">
Sergey Belov



</doc>
<doc id="7045842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045842" title="Semefe">
Semefe



</doc>
<doc id="7045843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045843" title="The Batman (series)">
The Batman (series)



</doc>
<doc id="7045849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045849" title="Mario Zatelli">
Mario Zatelli

Mario Zatelli (21 December 1912 – 7 January 2004) was a French football player and manager.
Born in Sétif, Algeria and of Italian origin, he mostly played for Olympique de Marseille. He was in the roster for the 1938 FIFA World Cup; never appeared. He capped (scored 1 goal) for France in 1939. He later managed Olympique de Marseille in the 1970s and won one Ligue 1 and Coupe de France in 1972.
He died in Sainte-Maxime, Var, French Riviera, at 91 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="7045853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045853" title="Reinerius Saccho">
Reinerius Saccho

Reinerius (or Rainerius) Saccho (1200s – c. 1263) was an Italian Dominican inquisitor.
Biography.
Saccho was born at Piacenza about the beginning of the thirteenth century; died about 1263. It is generally said that he died in 1258 or 1259, but this is contradicted by the Brief of Urban IV which calls him to Rome on 21 July 1262.
According to Saccho's , vi., he was converted by the Cathars at an early age, became one of their bishops, and remained amongst them for seventeen years. He returned to Catholicism (likely influenced by the preaching of St. Peter Martyr), joined the recently established Order of Preachers, then recently established, and proselytized to the Cathars in Upper Italy for many years.
After the martyrdom of St. Peter, Saccho was made inquisitor for Lombardy and the Marches of Ancona. Unpopular among the Cathars, he was eventually exiled.
Writings.
Coussord claimed to have discovered an old manuscript of Reinerius, though the text (Paris, 1548) in fact seems to have been a work of Yvonetus; his "Tractatus de haeresi pauperum de Lugduno". Flacius also claimed to have, in the "Catalogus testium veritatis" ("De Waldensibus", Basel, 1556). The "Summa de catharis et leonistis, seu pauperibus de Lugduno" (Martène in Thes. Nov. Anecd. V Paris, 1717) is according to Gieseler the only authentic work ascribed to Reinerius. The work is a description of Cathar sects and doctrines, and was regarded as a great authority during the Middle Ages. The edition of Gretser (Ingolstadt, 1613) is much interpolated, so as (except interceding pages of chapter six) to be more a miscellany on late 13-century heretical factions, collected from various sources by an anonymous German inquisitor in Austria after Reinerius' death.

</doc>
<doc id="7045854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045854" title="Anatoly Polivoda">
Anatoly Polivoda



</doc>
<doc id="7045855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045855" title="Semefe River">
Semefe River



</doc>
<doc id="7045859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045859" title="8th World Scout Jamboree">
8th World Scout Jamboree

The 8th World Scout Jamboree () was held in August 1955, it was hosted by Canada at Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario. The Jamboree saw the introduction of the World Membership Badge which is still worn on the uniforms of Scouts worldwide.
This was the first World Jamboree to be held in the Western Hemisphere, and the first outside of Europe. 
The setting was a rolling parkland on the Commons of Fort George National Historic Site. More than 11,000 Scouts from 71 countries and colonies attended this gathering, which was notable for the number of Scout contingents that crossed the Atlantic by air to attend–1,000 from Great Britain alone.
There are some incredible tales of the efforts made by Scouts to attend the Jamboree, with the New Zealand contingent leaving four months ahead of the event and traveling over 30,000 miles on the way. There were also three Brazilian Scouts who traveled from their hometown by jeep.
Three days before the Jamboree was due to open, a vicious storm of hurricane strength (the tail end of Hurricane Connie) blew over the camp for nearly 24 hours, flattening much of the work that the volunteers and professionals spent six weeks preparing. A call went out to all district council members, communities and companies for volunteers to put the camp back in shape. The Coca-Cola Company closed all its plants and sent its employees to assist in the reconstruction. The camp was almost back to its original state in three days, ready for the opening.
Jackson Dodds, the Jamboree Camp Chief, Vincent Massey, Governor-General and Chief Scout for Canada, Lady Baden Powell and Lord Rowallan, Chief Scout of the British Commonwealth and Empire attended the opening ceremonies.
Chetwynd Films produced an award-winning film about the event, called "Jamboree". The 40-minute film, which was sponsored by Eaton's, was Selected for Significance and became one of six films shown at the Canadian Pavilion at Expo 58 in Brussels.
The 50th Anniversary of the Jamboree was celebrated in September 2005 at which time a plaque commemorating the event was unveiled. The Niagara Parks Commission also planted a memorial oak tree.

</doc>
<doc id="7045860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045860" title="Ivan Dvornyi">
Ivan Dvornyi



</doc>
<doc id="7045861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045861" title="Marches of Ancona">
Marches of Ancona



</doc>
<doc id="7045874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045874" title="List of rulers of Mosul">
List of rulers of Mosul

This is a list of the rulers of the Iraqi city of Mosul.

</doc>
<doc id="7045877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045877" title="Salisbury Regional School">
Salisbury Regional School

Salisbury Regional School is a public school located in Salisbury, New Brunswick, Canada. Formerly named JMA Armstrong High School/Salisbury Middle School — The name was changed in 2022 to just "Salisbury Regional School" after motion passed from AESD District Education Council. Established in 1981, the school is part of the Anglophone East School District, serving students from grades 5-12.

</doc>
<doc id="7045878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045878" title="Night of the pencils">
Night of the pencils



</doc>
<doc id="7045887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045887" title="Black cat bone">
Black cat bone

A black cat bone is a type of lucky charm used in the magical tradition of hoodoo. It is thought to ensure a variety of positive effects, such as invisibility, good luck, protection from malevolent magic, rebirth after death, and romantic success.
The bone, anointed with Van Van oil, may be carried as a component of a mojo bag; alternatively, without the coating of oil, it is held in the charm-user's mouth.
Origins.
The black cat has been a symbol of both good and ill luck in near-worldwide folklore accounts. Magical traditions involving black cat "bones", specifically, have been found in German-Canadian practice as well as in hoodoo; these German-Canadian magic-makers were not previously in contact with hoodooists, suggesting a European origin to the charm.
The use of the black cat bone to ensure invisibility, specifically as an aid to people, is comparable to the European Hand of Glory.
Differences in method.
After a black cat is caught, it is almost universally boiled alive in a pot of water at midnight, so that its bones may be more easily looked over by the practitioner. One particular bone, special to each individual cat, contains all the magical efficacy alone. This part of the ritual comes from the European magical text, the "Book of Saint Cyprian".
A variety of rituals and methods are used to determine which bone is the right one, and preparation before the cat's slaughter can vary according to tradition.
One method of obtaining a black cat bone, described in Zora Neale Hurston's "Mules and Men", involves a period of fasting before the actual catching of the animal. After the standard boiling of the cat's corpse, each bone is tasted by the hoodooist, who then selects the first bitter-tasting bone as the correct one.
Another way to determine the magical bone, though it is otherwise similar in procedure, involves a mirror. When the reflection of the bone becomes dark, the hoodoo practitioner will know that it is the right one. A variation of this method is also practiced on the Sea Islands, where the one bone that does not reflect in the mirror is believed to be magical.
Yet another method of determining which bone is the correct one is to dump all the bones into a river. The bone that floats upstream is to be considered the bone of choice.
Sale of purported "black cat bones".
Contemporary hoodoo supply shops sell items labeled "black cat bones", usually small bones taken from a chicken and dyed black. Contemporary hoodoo, Wiccan, and other metaphysical supply shops use black cat fur for black cat magic, instead of bones.

</doc>
<doc id="7045888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045888" title="St. Peter Martyr">
St. Peter Martyr



</doc>
<doc id="7045889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045889" title="Noche de los Lápices">
Noche de los Lápices



</doc>
<doc id="7045892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045892" title="Gezira dam">
Gezira dam



</doc>
<doc id="7045896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045896" title="Noche de los lápices">
Noche de los lápices



</doc>
<doc id="7045900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045900" title="Cordes">
Cordes

Cordes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7045901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045901" title="Kirkby-In-Ashfield">
Kirkby-In-Ashfield



</doc>
<doc id="7045903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045903" title="Yevgeny Arzhanov">
Yevgeny Arzhanov



</doc>
<doc id="7045905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045905" title="E-professional">
E-professional

E-professional or "eprofessional" or even "eProfessional" is a term used in Europe to describe a professional whose work relies on concepts of remote work: working at a distance using information technology and communications technology, as well as online collaboration (i.e. virtual team, mass collaboration, massively distributed collaboration, online community of practice such as the open source community, and open innovation principles.
The concept of e-professional, strongly related to the concept of remote work, extends the traditional concept of professional in including any type of expert or knowledge worker intensively using ICT (Information and Communications Technology) environments and tools in their working practices.
An eprofessional is a member of at least one community of practice which confers him the title of professional and can be either a freelancer or an employed worker. An e-professional is not working in isolation but actively collaborating with other e-professionals within virtual workspaces called collaborative working environments (CWE).

</doc>
<doc id="7045909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045909" title="11th World Scout Jamboree">
11th World Scout Jamboree

The 11th World Scout Jamboree was held from 1–11 August 1963 in Marathon, Greece.
Jamboree activities.
The Jamboree Camp had 11 sub-camps for the participating Scouts and 5 sub-camps for administrative and technical personnel, and covered a total area of about 5 square kilometres. The Camp Chief was Demetrios Alexatos.
The focus of the camp was the "Greek Village" which offered sights and sounds, food and entertainment from all over Greece. There was also a 20,000-seat amphitheatre, and refreshment stands and expositions all around camp.
There was an Olympic theme to the Jamboree, with the triathlon and other sporting events taking place. A major event was the "Labours of Hercules" - a series of tasks designed to test the strength, skill, and stamina of participants.
The largest group of attendees was the British contingent, with almost 1,200 Scouts (the largest UK Scout airlift ever).
The Chief Scout of Greece, Crown Prince Constantine, attended every one of the event's 11 days. At a special ceremony, the Chief Scout of the Commonwealth 11th Baronet Maclean of Duart (later 7th Baron Mclean of Duart and Morven) awarded the Crown Prince with the Silver Wolf - the highest award of The Scout Association of the United Kingdom.
The World Chief Guide Olave Baden-Powell, wife of The Founder, spoke at the closing ceremony:
Following the speech, a torch was handed to an American Scout, to be rekindled at the 12th World Scout Jamboree in the United States.
Tragedy.
Flags at the Jamboree were placed at half-mast in mourning after the bulk of the Boy Scouts of the Philippines (BSP) contingent died in the crash of United Arab Airlines Flight 869 at 0150 hours on 28 July 1963, in the Arabian Sea nine nautical miles from Madh Island, Bombay (now Mumbai), India.
Most of the scouts from other countries had already arrived in Greece for the Jamboree. Preparations for the event continued as planned.
Nevertheless, the BSP sent a token delegation of three Scouts to Marathon some days after the crash, in addition to several BSP officials who had arrived in Greece ahead of the accident.

</doc>
<doc id="7045917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045917" title="Implements (Java)">
Implements (Java)



</doc>
<doc id="7045920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045920" title="Wexford railway station">
Wexford railway station

Wexford railway station (O'Hanrahan Station, ) is a railway station located in Wexford Town in County Wexford, Ireland.
Description.
The station is part of the Dublin–Rosslare railway line. It is staffed and fully accessible.
It consists of a single platform and passing loop.
It had sidings, used in recent years by occasional permanent way trains. With the coming of the mini-CTC signalling system in April 2008, a passing loop was installed at the Dublin end of the station.
Onward bus services.
Nine Bus Éireann local bus routes serve the station: 11 routes terminate, and rail replacement route 370 to/from Wellingtonbridge and Campile and route 132 to Dublin via Carnew, Baltinglass and Tallaght call. Routes 370 and 385 (to Rosslare Strand) operate Mondays to Saturdays: the other routes operate on one or two days of the week, provide links to rural hamlets and villages such as Broadway, Crossabeg, Curracloe, Fethard-on-Sea, Kilmuckridge and Tacumshane. The bus stop is at the front of the station.
Wexford Bus provides four local bus routes, all operating Monday to Saturday inclusive. They link to Castlebridge, Kilmore Quay via Bridgetown and Rosslare Strand. There is also a route serving different areas in the town. The stops are on Redmond Square.
History.
The station opened on 17 August 1872 as Wexford North. It was given the name O'Hanrahan on 10 April 1966, in commemoration of Michael O'Hanrahan, one of the executed leaders of the 1916 Easter Rising.

</doc>
<doc id="7045932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045932" title="Colston Bassett">
Colston Bassett

Colston Bassett is an English village in the Vale of Belvoir, in the Rushcliffe district of southeast Nottinghamshire, close to its border with Leicestershire. It lies by the River Smite. The population in 2001 of 225, including Wiverton Hall, increased to 399 at the 2011 Census, finally falling to 356 in the 2021 Census.
Place name and history.
The name, first recorded in the Domesday Book as "Coletone", is from the Old Norse personal name "Kolr" (genitive "Kols"), and the Old English "tūn" "farm or village", and so means "Kolr's farm or village". Alternatively, it has been suggested that it derives from Cole meaning "coal" or "stone". The suffix Bassett is from the holder of the estate in the 12th century, Ralph Bassett, a judge appointed by Henry I.
The history of the village is recorded in some detail in the publication "A History of Colston Bassett" by Rev. Evelyn Young, edited for the Thoroton Society in 1942 by Thomas M. Blagg. The First World War cost the village at least 14 lives, listed on the war memorial in St John's Church.
Amenities.
The village dairy, which opened in 1913, is one of only five that are permitted to name their blue cheese Stilton cheese. It also manufactures smaller quantities of White Stilton and Shropshire Blue.
Colston Bassett contains an old market cross, a ruined church of St Mary, Colston Bassett Preparatory School for children between 4–11 years, a pub, the "Martins Arms", a riding school, and animal boarding kennels.
There is a Karate club which takes place at the Colston Bassett Preparatory School, Colston Bassett Shotokan Karate Club (CBSKC) established in 2016 which is a KUGB affiliated club.
The parish church is St John's Church.
Transport.
Colston Bassett has weekday, daytime bus services to Radcliffe on Trent and Nottingham. The nearest railway stations are at Radcliffe (4.1 miles, 6.6 km) and Bingham (5.7 miles, 9 km), with hourly or two-hourly services to and beyond Nottingham and Grantham.
The A46 trunk road between Leicester and Newark on Trent passes 1.9 miles (3 km) to the west of the village, and the A52 between Nottingham and Grantham 5.6 miles (9 km) to the north. The M1 motorway between London and Leeds can be reached at Junction 25 (24 miles, 39 km).

</doc>
<doc id="7045933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045933" title="Paul Barker (writer)">
Paul Barker (writer)

Paul Barker (24 August 1935 – 20 July 2019) was an English journalist and writer.
Biography.
Barker was born in the West Riding of Yorkshire, England. He grew up in Mytholmroyd and Hebden Bridge. He was educated at local schools in the Calder Valley and won an Exhibition (scholarship) to Brasenose College, Oxford, to read French. Before taking up his place at Oxford, he did national service and was commissioned as an officer in the Intelligence Corps, and while in the Army studied Russian language at Cambridge University in the Joint Services School for Linguists with Dennis Potter in the next hut and Potter's producer Kenith Trodd in the same hut as Barker.
After taking his Oxford degree, he then went on to the École Normale Supérieure in Paris for a year as "lecteur". He joined the London staff of "The Times" in 1959, but early in 1964 left to join the recently founded "New Society" as a staff writer. He went on to "The Economist", but returned to "New Society" almost at once – in 1965 – as deputy editor. In 1968 he succeeded Timothy Raison, the first editor of "New Society", and edited the magazine until 1986.
Subsequently, Barker was a columnist for "The Sunday Times" and a regular writer for the London "Evening Standard", "The Times Literary Supplement" and "Prospect" magazine. He was awarded a research fellowship by the Royal Commission for the Exhibition of 1851 for his work on suburbia which laid the foundation for his book; "The Freedoms of Suburbia" (Frances Lincoln, 2009). Barker wrote on Michael Young's legacy in "The Rise and Rise of Meritocracy", edited by Young Fellow Geoff Dench (Blackwell, 2006). He was a senior research fellow with the Young Foundation, as well as being a freelance journalist, broadcaster and author.
Barker died on 20 July 2019, aged 83.
Notable works.
"Non-Plan: An Experiment in Freedom".
One of Paul Barker's most significant and controversial contributions to "New Society" during the 1960s concerned issues around physical planning and space. In 1969, Barker collaborated with Reyner Banham, Peter Hall and Cedric Price on the article "Non-Plan: an experiment in freedom", which he published in "New Society". Kazys Varnelis gives the background to this article:
'Between 1967 and 1969, the "New Society" deputy editor Paul Barker developed a deliberately controversial project for the magazine involving Banham, Cedric Price, and Peter Hall. In 1967, Barker ran excerpts from Herbert Gans's "The Levittowners: Ways of Life and Poetics in a New Suburban Community", which he saw "as a corrective to the usual we-know-best snobberies about suburbia." At roughly the same time, Barker and Hall "floated this maverick thought: could things be any worse if there was no planning at all?" Barker elaborates: "We were especially concerned at the attempt to impose aesthetic choices on people who might have very different choices of their own. Why not, we wondered, suggest an experiment in getting along without planning and seeing what emerged?" The project, titled "Non-Plan: An Experiment in Freedom", Barker notes, "was strongly influenced by Banham’s essays in the magazine". For the special issue, which would be published on 20 March 1969, Barker recalls, "We wanted to startle people by offending against the deepest taboos. This would drive our point home." To this end Hall, Banham, and Price each took a section of the revered British countryside and imagined it blanketed with a low-density sprawl driven by automobility. According to Barker the reaction was a "mixture of deep outrage and stunned silence."
Images of neon signs—the 'imageability' so important to Banham’s idea of une architecture autre—that would mark the commercial structures of non-plan punctuated the issue. In Banham’s contribution, "Spontaneity and Space", he suggested that "the monuments of our century that have spontaneity and vitality are found not in the old cities, but in the American West. There, in the desert and the Pacific states, creations like Fremont Street in Las Vegas or Sunset Strip in Beverly Hills represent the living architecture of our age. As Tom Wolfe points out in his brilliant essay on Las Vegas, they achieve their quality by replacing buildings by signs." '
—from Kazys Varnelis, "Psychogeography and the End of Planning . Reyner Banham's Los Angeles. The Architecture of Four Ecologies", in Pat Morton, (ed), "Pop Culture and Postwar American Taste" (London: Blackwell, 2006)
"The Freedoms of Suburbia".
In late 2009, Barker's book on suburbia was published. The book was extensively reviewed, including in "The Times Literary Supplement", "Guardian", "Daily Telegraph", "Independent", "Financial Times" and "The Economist".
"Hebden Bridge: A Sense of Belonging".
In 2012, Barker's book on Hebden Bridge was published. The book incorporates personal and social history and includes material from interviews carried out by Barker in the 1970s and in the early 2010s.
Archives.
A large quantity of Barker's correspondence and other unpublished material is held in the Churchill Archives Centre.
Barker donated a collection of photographs used in "New Society" to the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Barker's interview material used for "Hebden Bridge: A Sense of Belonging" is held at the South Pennine Archives in Hebden Bridge.
Barker's interviews with Mods and Rockers from the 1960s are in the Radzinowicz Library at the Institute of Criminology, University of Cambridge. 

</doc>
<doc id="7045937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045937" title="List of notable people from Jodhpur">
List of notable people from Jodhpur

SHRI JASWANT RAJ MEHTA MP

</doc>
<doc id="7045940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045940" title="Skanee, Michigan">
Skanee, Michigan

Skanee is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Baraga County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The CDP had a population of 102 at the 2020 census. Skanee is located in Arvon Township on the shore of Huron Bay, a bay of Lake Superior.
As an unincorporated community, Skanee has no legal autonomy of its own, however it does have its own post office with the 49962 ZIP Code. The community is home to the historic Arvon Township Hall.
History.
Skanee was established in 1870 when Captain Walfred Been sailed into Huron Bay during a storm, and settled in the area. Been named the settlement after Skåne in Sweden, his home province.
For the 2020 census, Skanee was included as a newly-listed census-designated place.
Geography.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Skanee CDP has a total area of , of which is land and (2.1%) is water.
Skanee is located in Arvon Township, in northeastern Baraga County. The community is located at the base of the Huron Mountains, a relatively small range shared between Baraga and Marquette counties. About southeast of Skanee is Mount Arvon, which at , is the highest point in Michigan. The community is located on the shore of Huron Bay, a bay of Lake Superior.
Education.
Skanee is zoned within the Arvon Township School District. The district operates the K-8 Skanee School, while high school students attend school in L'Anse.

</doc>
<doc id="7045945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045945" title="15th World Scout Jamboree (cancelled)">
15th World Scout Jamboree (cancelled)

The 15th World Scout Jamboree () was scheduled to be held 15–23 July 1979 and was to be hosted by Iran at Nishapur, but was cancelled due to the Iranian Revolution which took place in 1979.
Background.
The 15th World Jamboree was to be held at the "Omar Khayyám Scout Park" in the city of Nishapur. The Second Asia-Pacific Jamboree was held at the site in preparation, in the summer of 1977. However, the destabilizing events of the Islamic Revolution caused the 15th World Jamboree to be cancelled near the end of 1978. 
However, a number of commemorative items had already been made for the event, the demand for which and the value of which was greatly inflated by the Jamboree's cancellation. The few items of memorabilia in existence are of huge value to collectors when they, albeit rarely, come on the market.
The next Jamboree, hosted by Canada in 1983, was named "The Spirit Lives On" to show how Scouting's spirit of international brotherhood could overcome the setback of cancelling the 1979 Jamboree.
World Jamboree Year.
Instead, the World Organization of the Scout Movement announced the "World Jamboree Year" by holding several international World Jamboree Year camps in Australia, Canada, Sweden, Switzerland and the United States that took up the momentum. 

</doc>
<doc id="7045946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045946" title="Gwen McCrae">
Gwen McCrae

Gwendolyn Patricia McCrae ( Mosley, December 21, 1943 – February 21, 2025) was an American singer, best known for her 1975 hit "Rockin' Chair". Known in the music industry as the "Queen of Rare Groove", McCrae's gospel, soul, disco and funk vocals have been heavily sampled by industry leaders in dance music including Cassius, Madlib, Lady Gaga, Avicii, Mobb Deep amongst others. McCrae had hits in both the U.S.A. and Europe and was particularly successful in Europe. She performed regularly until 2012.
Life and career.
1960s–1970s.
Gwendolyn Patricia Mosley was born on December 21, 1943, in Pensacola, Florida, the youngest of five children. She and her siblings were raised by their mother after the early death of their father. Mosley began performing in local clubs as a teenager, and singing with local groups like the Lafayettes and the Independents. In 1963, she met a young sailor named George McCrae, whom she married within a week. The couple had two children together, and she had two children from other relationships.
Gwen and George McCrae began recording as a duo; the couple got a recording contract with Henry Stone's TK Records. In 1967, singer Betty Wright helped get them signed to Stone's Alston record label.
Signed to TK subsidiary Cat, as a solo artist, she found success on the U.S. R&amp;B charts with a cover of Bobby Bland's "Lead Me On" in 1970, followed by "For Your Love". Following husband George's solo success with "Rock Your Baby", Gwen went on to have a major hit of her own in March 1975 with "Rockin' Chair" which reached number 9 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and reached number one on the R&amp;B chart. The follow-up "Love Insurance" also made the R&amp;B chart (#16). Music critic Robert Christgau said "Rockin' Chair" is "almost as irresistibly Memphis-cum-disco-with-a-hook as hubby's 'Rock Your Baby.'"
In 1972, she recorded the song "Always on My Mind". The song was later popularized by Elvis Presley, Willie Nelson, and the Pet Shop Boys and also covered by several other artists.
1980s–1990s.
After TK Records collapsed, McCrae moved to New Jersey and signed with Atlantic Records, recording two albums and saw one of her singles, "Funky Sensation", reach #22 on the R&amp;B chart in 1981. In 1982, she had a moderate R&amp;B hit with "Keep the Fire Burning". She continued to record and some of her earlier recordings on the UK's Northern Soul scene maintained her popularity as a live act in Europe. McCrae moved back to the United States, to Florida, recorded a one-off single for the small Black Jack label in 1984 called "Do You Know What I Mean", and then temporarily retired from the music industry.
McCrae traveled to the UK to record a couple of singles for Rhythm King Records in 1987. She also recorded an album for a British label called Homegrown Records in 1996, titled "Girlfriend's Boyfriend". Upon returning to the U.S., she signed with the revived Goldwax label, distributed by Ichiban Records, and recorded another album, "Psychic Hot Line".
In 1999, the French house music duo Cassius released the single "Feeling for You", which sampled the vocals of McCrae's "All This Love That I'm Giving". It was a Top 20 hit on the UK Singles Chart. The track also appeared on Cassius' album, "1999". In 1999, her single "Funky Sensation" was sampled in the German single "Get Up," by DJ Thomilla featuring Afrob.
2000s and beyond.
In 2004, McCrae released her first gospel album. In 2008, rap DJ and producer Madlib released his album, "WLIB AM: King of the Wigflip" which includes the song "Gamble on Ya Boy", based on a "I Found Love" sample, from McCrae's album, "Melody of Life".
In 2005, McCrae teamed up with the Soulpower organization, which is also responsible for the comebacks of Marva Whitney, Lyn Collins, Martha High, Bobby Byrd and RAMP. Her collaboration with Soulpower resulted in various live performances with the Soulpower All-Stars.
In 2007, she appeared on several songs on Sounding Rick’s “Living in the Acoustic Projects” and again on his 2009 album “Blabbermouth”.
Gwen McCrae released her latest single "Now I Found Love" in December 2010, released through Plain Truth Entertainment. "Now I Found Love" was mixed and produced by Steve Sola and composed by David Seagal.
In June 2012, after performing on stage in England, she had a stroke which resulted in paralysis on the left side of her body and the inability to walk.
McCrae died at a care home in Miami on February 21, 2025, at the age of 81.

</doc>
<doc id="7045948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045948" title="Doug Riley">
Doug Riley

Douglas Brian Riley, CM (April 12, 1945 – August 27, 2007) was a Canadian musician, also known as Dr. Music. He spent two decades with the Famous People Players as its musical director, besides his participation on over 300 album projects in various genres, which included the gold and multi-platinum records Night Moves, Against the Wind, and Endless Wire. Riley died of a heart attack on August 27, 2007.
Biography.
Riley was a graduate of the University of Toronto and studied at the Royal Conservatory of Music.
Doug Riley was born and raised in Toronto. At the age of two he was diagnosed with polio. When he was three, as a way to help cope with his physical disability and to provide him with a means of self-expression, he began to study piano. In his teens, he played with R&amp;B band the Silhouettes. He attended the University of Toronto and, in 1965, graduated with a Bachelor of Music. He went on to do his postgraduate work on the music of the Iroquois. In 1969, Riley was the arranger and keyboardist on Ray Charles' album, "Doing His Thing". In a 2006 interview with the Toronto Star, Doug Riley said "Ray Charles was my first influence outside the boogie-woogie and stride pianists like Albert Ammons and Fats Waller". After the completion of the album, Ray Charles asked Doug Riley to join his band but Riley turned down the offer and decided to stay in Toronto to continue his musical career.
Career (groups).
The Silhouettes.
As a teenager, he was in the Silhouettes, playing r&amp;b at the Blue Note, a night club in Toronto. Musicians also included Steve Kennedy and Dianne Brooks. One date they played at was The Blue Note on February 22, 1964. This is where William "Smitty" Smith first met Steve Kennedy. The Silhouettes were actually the house band there, replacing the original house band, The Regents and inheriting their saxophonist Kennedy in the process. They played at the Blue Note for three years. They recorded two singles with Hardin, "I'm Not Running After You (Anymore)" bw "I Will Never Turn My Back On You" (1966) and "She'll Be Back" bw "Love Is Wonderful" (1967). They were also the backing band on Eric Mercury's 1966 single, "I Wondered Why" / "Softly".
In early 1965, the group was backing singers Jack Hardin and Dianne Brooks, appearing at The Hawk's Nest in Toronto as the opening attraction. A ad appeared in the May 30, 1966 edition of "RPM Weekly" predicting a guaranteed 100% Canadian and possible international smash hit for "I'm Not Running After You (Anymore)". Reviews in the June 20th edition of "RPM Weekly" were luke warm. Barry Sarazin of CJET didn't believe the song had the spice to be an instant hit but had merit to deserve airplay. Dave Charles of CJBQ said that it would at least deserve a chart rating. He also complemented Hardin's voice saying that the song was ideal for the singer's style. As Jack Hardin &amp; The Silhouettes, they played at the Whitby Arena on May 13, 1967.
Dr. Music.
Riley formed the group Dr. Music in 1969. It began with Riley being asked to put together musicians for "The Ray Stevens Show" on CTV. This was for the 1969 to 1970 season. The core of the ensemble stayed together after the show's cancellation and they recorded and toured together. The group had a run of Top 20 hits during the 1970s. 
Their single "One More Mountain to Climb bw "The Land" got a good review in the September 11, 1971 edition of "Cash Box". Spending 7 weeks on Vancouver's CKVN chart, it peaked at #15 in October that year.Their debut album was released on the GRT label in 1972. Self-titled, the album featured the tracks, "Sun Goes By", "One More Mountain to Climb" and "Try a Little Harder". Riley produced the album as well as co-arranging it with Steve Kennedy. "Sun Goes By" which Kennedy wrote spent 9 weeks on Vancouver's CKVN chart, peaking at #12. Not long after the release of their album the group broke up. He later formed another version of the group.
Composer, producer.
A prolific composer of jingles at the age of 20, he was working in collaboration with Mort Ross, Tommy Ambrose and Larry Trudel. Trudel had the company Trudel Productions.
He composed the song "Show Him (He's Not Alone)" which was Dianne Brooks' second single that was released on Revolver REVS 003 in 1969. It was produced by Mort Ross. With Ross, he produced "When I Die" which was a hit for the group, getting to No. 1 in Canada and Top 20 on the U.S. charts.

</doc>
<doc id="7045950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045950" title="Enniscorthy railway station">
Enniscorthy railway station

Enniscorthy railway station () is a railway station in County Wexford, Ireland. It is in the centre of the town of Enniscorthy.
Description.
It has two platforms, a passing loop and a siding. The station is fully staffed. The far-side platform, accessible only by a footbridge, is used only when two trains pass.
History.
The station opened on 16 November 1863. Originally there was a turntable behind the second platform which was used during the building of the tunnel under Enniscorthy town but was also used afterwards due to heavy traffic on Market Day. There was once an engine shed that was opposite of the present-day goods shed. Two water columns were at each end of the platforms and there was also a very long siding for loading cattle. There were also a number of sidings, including a siding for O'Donahoes behind the station building, a siding for Buttles Bacon Factory (which is now the site of the Enniscorthy Swimming Pool), a siding at the entrance of the tunnel for Roches and another siding that went under Barrack Street via a tunnel to Minch Norton. Outside Enniscorthy there were sidings for St. Johns Flour Mill and St. Johns Foundry and a siding at the headshunt for Kavanaghs Cement.
Enniscorthy was also where the locomotive No. 17 "Wicklow" left with a Cattle Special to Dublin Harcourt Street but was unable to stop and ran through the end wall and fell into Hatch Street, though it was not a serious accident and only injured the Driver who remained at his post in the cab and a horse on Hatch Street. This event became one of Ireland's famous rail accidents.
Services.
The service from the station is:
"Monday to Friday"
"Saturdays"
"Sundays"

</doc>
<doc id="7045951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045951" title="Lotus feet">
Lotus feet



</doc>
<doc id="7045960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045960" title="Hisham Ashkouri">
Hisham Ashkouri



</doc>
<doc id="7045963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045963" title="Poincaré bundle">
Poincaré bundle



</doc>
<doc id="7045966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045966" title="Taro Yamaguchi">
Taro Yamaguchi

 is a Japanese voice actor.

</doc>
<doc id="7045969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045969" title="Stacy wilson">
Stacy wilson



</doc>
<doc id="7045974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045974" title="Lucanica">
Lucanica

Lucanica was a rustic pork sausage in ancient Roman cuisine. Apicius documents it as a spicy, smoked beef or pork sausage originally from Lucania; according to Cicero and Martial, it was brought by Roman soldiers from Lucania.
It has given its name to a variety of sausages (fresh, cured, and smoked) in Mediterranean cuisine and its colonial offshoots, including:
Today, "lucanica" is identified as "lucanica di Picerno", produced in Basilicata (whose territory was part of the ancient Lucania).

</doc>
<doc id="7045975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045975" title="Friendville">
Friendville

Friendville may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7045976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045976" title="Huron Bay, Michigan">
Huron Bay, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7045978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045978" title="Gorey railway station">
Gorey railway station

Gorey railway station () is a railway station in the town of Gorey, County Wexford, Ireland. It is on the Dublin–Rosslare line.
Services/routes.
The service from the station is:
"Monday to Friday"
"Saturdays"
"Sundays"
Description.
The station is staffed with a small waiting room and ticket office. Only Platform 1 (the platform nearest the entrance) is wheelchair-accessible.
It consists of two platforms, one on the down passing loop. There is a water tower, still used by occasional steam trains, at the north end of Platform 1. There is also a siding, formerly a loop, cut back to allow the platforms to be extended in early 2006. This is regularly used when there are engineering works on the line.
Most of the line from Dublin to Wexford and Rosslare is single track with passing loops at stations. When the signal box is open the loop can be used, otherwise trains use the main platform. Prior to the installation of mini-CTC on the line in April 2008, it was not normally possible for northbound trains to use the loop, as it was only signalled in the Rosslare direction. This led to some awkward shunting arrangements when a locomotive-hauled train terminated. The timetable suggests that only one train each way has to use of the loop.
The station's car park has an electric vehicle charging facility, with spaces for 2 EVs.
History.
The station was opened on 16 November 1863.
In popular culture.
The station is featured in the eponymous 1980s book of poetry, "Train to Gorey" by Liz O’Donoghue.

</doc>
<doc id="7045980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045980" title="Mogusa">
Mogusa



</doc>
<doc id="7045984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045984" title="Chroniques de la Lune Noire">
Chroniques de la Lune Noire



</doc>
<doc id="7045989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045989" title="Mitrofan Belyayev">
Mitrofan Belyayev

Mitrofan Petrovich Belyayev (; old style 10/22 February 1836, St. Petersburg22 December 1903/ 4 January 1904) was a Russian music publisher, outstanding philanthropist, and the owner of a large wood dealership enterprise in Russia. He was also the founder of the Belyayev circle, a society of musicians in Russia whose members included Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, Alexander Glazunov and Anatoly Lyadov. His surname is often transliterated as "Belaieff" or "Belayev". In 1886 the Russian painter Ilya Repin made a portrait of Belyayev.
Biography.
Belyayev was the son of a rich Russian wood dealer and large land owner. Early on, he was established as a successful buyer in his father's company, whose line he took over after 30 years. His passion, at first private, was however for music.
Belyayev had learned and played violin, viola and piano when in school, and played viola for many years in a string quartet. Later he became a member in a circle of friends in St. Petersburg of chamber musicians, and with the leaders of that time - Anatoly Lyadov and Alexander Borodin - undertook journeys in Russia and abroad to learn more music, among other places to Bayreuth. Belyayev learned several foreign languages, including German.An important event for Belyayev's future and his important role as leader in Russian music life was his meeting in 1882 with the highly talented, scarcely 17-year-old Alexander Glazunov, whose 1st Symphony was premiered at that time. Belyayev's increasing commitment to the promotion of Russian composers led to a gradual retreat from his activity as a wood dealer. In 1884 he became founder of the "Glinka prize", which was awarded annually. In the first years the winners included Borodin, Balakirev, Tchaikovsky, Rimsky-Korsakov, César Cui and Lyadov.
In 1885 Belyayev created the publishing house "M. P. Belaieff" in Leipzig to secure international copyright to Russian composers; until then, international copyright did not extend to music published in Russia. Eventually, he published over 2000 compositions by Russian composers, the first of which was Glazunov's "Overture on Greek Themes". The works published there were edited to a high standard, while the authors received higher fees than was usual and kept full control over performance rights. Thus Belyayev made important contributions to the promotion and spreading of Russian music. At first Belyayev selected the works to be produced; later he conferred with a jury, which consisted of Rimsky-Korsakov, Lyadov and Glazunov. Composers from not only St. Petersburg were accepted to the publishing house program, but also rather "western"-oriented Muscovite composers such as Sergei Taneyev and Alexander Scriabin. After the October Revolution the firm continued operations from Leipzig until World War II, when it moved to Bonn. It later relocated to Frankfurt am Main, where in 1971 C. F. Peters took over its management.
In 1885 Belyayev brought the "Russian Symphony Concerts" to St Petersburg, and from 1891 in his house there were weekly "quartet Fridays" ("Les Vendredis") . The composers promoted by Belyayev several times wrote musical contributions both in his honor and to contribute to these occasions. For example, in 1886, for his 50th birthday, Rimsky-Korsakov, Borodin, Lyadov and Glazunov collaborated on a string quartet on the notes B-A-F (Be-la-ef), in 1895, Glazunov, Lyadov and Rimsky-Korsakov composed the three movement 'Jour de fête' or 'Name-Day Quartet', and in 1899, 10 of the group collaborated to compose the Variations on a Russian Theme in G major, and another collection -of 16 movements by 11 of the group- was published under the "Les Vendredis" group name. Another of their joint projects was a set of variations on a Russian theme for piano and orchestra, to which in addition Alexander Kopylov, Nikolay Sokolov and other members of the circle contributed individual movements. (For further details, see Classical music written in collaboration.) The renowned Russian musicologist Alexander Ossovsky maintained close ties with Belyayev's Circle.

</doc>
<doc id="7045997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7045997" title="WKD">
WKD

WKD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7046008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046008" title="Mitrofan Petrovich Belyayev">
Mitrofan Petrovich Belyayev



</doc>
<doc id="7046009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046009" title="Arklow railway station">
Arklow railway station

Arklow railway station () is a railway station in Arklow, County Wicklow, Ireland.
History.
The station opened on 16 November 1863.
Opened by the Dublin and South Eastern Railway the station was part of the Great Southern &amp; Western Railway then absorbed into Great Southern Railways by the Railways (Great Southern) Preliminary Amalgamation Scheme of 12 November 1924.
The station passed to CIÉ as a result of the Transport Act, 1944 which took effect from 1 January 1945, then to Iarnród Éireann on 2 February 1987.
As with other stations between Wicklow and Rosslare Europort, semaphore signalling and ETS operation ceased here in April 2008. A colour-light signal existed here in semaphore days, having been installed in 1977.
Accidents and incidents.
On 3 October 1979, a passenger train and a freight train were involved in a head-on collision. Twenty-nine people were injured.
Description.
Waiting facilities include three covered shelters, one on platform 1 and two on platform 2. There is a waiting room next to the ticket office in the station building on platform 1. A pay-and-display car park is in the former goods yard, with capacity for 150 vehicles and a covered bicycle parking area.
The station is staffed full-time.
It has two platforms, one on the passing loop.
Services/routes.
The service from the station is:
"Monday to Friday"
"Saturdays"
"Sundays"
Transport.
TFI Local Link (Carlow Kilkenny Wicklow division) bus route 800 operates to Carlow IT from the station 4 times a day (3 on Sundays). Additionally, a number of Bus Éireann bus routes stop at Main Street, which is located 500 m from the station.

</doc>
<doc id="7046012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046012" title="Mike Reynolds (Australian politician)">
Mike Reynolds (Australian politician)

Michael Reynolds, CBE, AM (born 16 September 1946) is an Australian politician. He was a Labor member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1998 to 2009, representing the district of Townsville. He served as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 2006 to 2009.
Biography.
Reynolds has first elected to parliament at the 1998 state election. Before being elected as Speaker by the 52nd Parliament in 2006, he was the inaugural Minister for Child Safety from 2004 to 2006 with Ministerial responsibilities for adoptions, child protection services, foster/kinship carers etc.
Prior to the Child Safety portfolio Reynolds was the Minister for Emergency Services and Minister Assisting the Premier in North Queensland from 2001 to 2004. In Reynolds's first parliamentary term he held the position of Parliamentary Secretary to the Premier in North Queensland.
Prior to his election to parliament, Reynolds held the positions of Director, Northern Australia Social Research Institute and Director, Centre for Social and Welfare Research, both at James Cook University. He was also visiting professor of Local Government Studies at the University of Canberra. From 1990 to 1996 he was Chairman of the Townsville Port Authority.
Mike Reynolds' local government service has included 16 years as a member of the Townsville City Council. During this time he was Deputy Mayor of Townsville from 1976 to 1980, then Mayor of Townsville from 1980 to 1989. Reynolds was a member of the State Executive of the Local Government Association of Queensland from 1983 to 1989 and was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in 1985 for service to local government and community.
Reynolds also acted as Chair of the Queensland Ministerial Advisory Committee on Child Care from 1991 to 1992, was a member of the Queensland Pacific Technology Program Committee in the Premiers Department from 1991 to 1992 and also was Chairman of the ACT Vocational Training Authority from 1992 to 1995.
He is a member of many local community organisations. Reynolds has lived in Townsville most of his life and he graduated with a Bachelor of Social Work (B.S.W.) from James Cook University in 1978. Reynolds's active interest in politics began in the mid-1960s and he is interested in all sport, particularly rugby league, cricket, tennis and rugby union.
Reynolds was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 2018 Birthday Honours, for promoting relations between Queensland and Papua New Guinea, including as Mayor of Townsville and as Patron of YWAM Medical Ships Programme, nominated by the Papua New Guinea Government.
Reynolds is the co-author of the following books - "The Great Divide: A Comparative Social Profile of Northern and Southern Australia" (with D Lavery, 1997); "Achieving Local Ownership of National Goals for the Coastal Zone" (with L Cutts and D Osborn, 1993); Education and Training for Local Government Employees in Queensland (with V Valentine, 1992). He is also a contributor to the following books: "Local Government and the Challenge of Devolution in Australia" in "Decentralization Towards Democratization and Development", (edited by RP Guzman and MA Reforma, 1993); "Recognising the Role of Local Government" in "What Should Government Do?" (edited by P Coaldrake and JR Nethercote, 1989).

</doc>
<doc id="7046014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046014" title="Implements">
Implements



</doc>
<doc id="7046017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046017" title="Lignum aloes">
Lignum aloes



</doc>
<doc id="7046023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046023" title="Walthamstow West (UK Parliament constituency)">
Walthamstow West (UK Parliament constituency)

Walthamstow West was a borough constituency in what is now the London Borough of Waltham Forest, but was until 1965 the Walthamstow Urban District of Essex. It returned one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The constituency was created for the 1918 general election, and abolished for the February 1974 general election, when it was combined with part of the former Walthamstow East to form the new Walthamstow constituency.
Boundaries.
1918–1950: The Urban District of Walthamstow wards of High Street, Higham Hill, and St James Street.
1950–1974: The Borough of Walthamstow wards of High Street, Higham Hill, and St James Street.

</doc>
<doc id="7046033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046033" title="Most valuable player award">
Most valuable player award



</doc>
<doc id="7046045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046045" title="15th World Scout Jamboree">
15th World Scout Jamboree

The 15th World Scout Jamboree was held in 1983 and was hosted by Canada at Kananaskis, Alberta, an area of Provincial Park at about 4,000 feet elevation, in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains, 80 miles west of Calgary, Alberta. "The Spirit Lives On" was the theme of the jamboree, with a total attendance of over 15,000 Scouts from over 100 countries.
The name of the Jamboree refers to the idea that Scouting, and its spirit of international brotherhood, could overcome difficulties such as those which caused the cancellation of the 1979 Jamboree four years earlier.
The subcamps were named after Canadian animals.
A camp newspaper, "The Kanaskis Journal" was produced.
Open fires were prohibited.

</doc>
<doc id="7046047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046047" title="Via Hibiki">
Via Hibiki



</doc>
<doc id="7046052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046052" title="Emil von Rezniček">
Emil von Rezniček



</doc>
<doc id="7046054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046054" title="Lysarden">
Lysarden



</doc>
<doc id="7046057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046057" title="Rathdrum railway station">
Rathdrum railway station

Rathdrum railway station () is a railway station in Rathdrum, County Wicklow, Ireland.
History.
It opened on 18 July 1863, replacing the terminus at Rathdrum (Kilcommon) (opened 20 August 1861) when the line was extended.
Description.
It is a two-platform station with a passing loop, and water tower at the south end of one platform. There is a tunnel to the south and a viaduct to the north of the station.
The station is unstaffed, and has commuter and InterCity trains to Dublin Connolly and Rosslare Europort.
There used to be a third platform and a goods area, which is now a small industrial area.
Services/routes.
The service from the station is:
"Monday to Friday"
"Saturdays"
"Sundays"
Transport.
The Wicklow Way bus service operates two routes linking Rathdrum railway station and Rathdrum with Glendalough and Tinahely respectively. The bus timetable is integrated with the train timetable.
Bus Eireann route 133, from Wicklow to Dublin Airport, stops outside Suttons in Rathdrum, which is located 650 m from the station.

</doc>
<doc id="7046065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046065" title="The Biblical Last Days">
The Biblical Last Days



</doc>
<doc id="7046071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046071" title="Google.by">
Google.by

Google.by is a localised site for Google Search in Belarus.
Prior to that, from 2003 to 2009, it was a domain/website owned by Belarusian web-development company ActiveMedia. The website looked almost exactly like Google homepage but had contextual advertisements on its right, one which always advertised the official website of ActiveMedia.
The website came up originally in 2003. Initially it had its own interface, totally different from Google, and its own search database which listed only a few thousand Belarusian sites. Later, the actual Google interface and logo were implemented. The fake interface has Russian and Belarusian versions, with Belarusian version having spelling errors ("У інтернэце" instead of "У інтэрнэце"). The search form then posted the search queries to an actual search application on google.com.
Despite the complex legal situation in Belarus, the Supreme Court of Belarus ruled in December 2008 the registration of the domain be cancelled. As a result, Google registered the domain in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7046075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046075" title="Wicklow railway station">
Wicklow railway station

Wicklow railway station () is a railway station in Wicklow, County Wicklow, Ireland.
Facilities.
The main station building is on platform 1. There are a waiting room and toilets next to the ticket office. An automatic ticket machine is near the ticket office. The waiting room on platform 2 is no longer in use and a covered shelter is provided. The station has a pay and display car park with capacity for 80 vehicles and a bicycle parking area. The station is staffed full-time.
Description.
It is a two-platform station with a passing loop. A typical DSER signal cabin is on the footbridge. At the Dublin end, there is a bridge on a curve.
As with other stations on the route between Wicklow and Rosslare Europort, semaphore signalling and ETS operation ceased here in April 2008, with the line now under the control of the mini-CTC system.
Services/Routes.
The service from the station is:
"Monday to Friday"
"Saturdays"
"Sundays"
Transport.
Local Link route 183 commenced in April 2019 and provides a link from the station to Glendalough several times a day.
Bus Eireann route 133, from Wicklow to Dublin Airport, stops at Tesco, which is located 550 m from the station.

</doc>
<doc id="7046081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046081" title="I'll Kill You">
I'll Kill You

"I'll Kill You" is the debut single by Japanese heavy metal band X, released in June 1985 by Dada Records. The song was later re-recorded for the band's first album, "Vanishing Vision" (1988).
Overview.
"I'll Kill You" is the first song that drummer and bandleader Yoshiki wrote for X after forming the band in 1982 with vocalist Toshi in order to play heavier music with two lead guitarists. He first wrote the lyrics in Japanese before translating them into English, asking the smartest students in his high school to help with any difficult parts. After reading them over, Yoshiki realized they were directed at himself.
However, in 1988, Yoshiki claimed that the song is not about killing people as the title would suggest, but is a love song in the vein of a disgruntled married couple. All 1,000 copies of the record sold out. The cover art notoriously features numerous photographs of dead bodies taken during the Vietnam War.
A different recording of the B-side, "Break the Darkness", was included on the sampler "Heavy Metal Force III" in November 1985. A re-recording of the title track was later featured on the band's first album, "Vanishing Vision" (1988). "I'll Kill You" was covered by French symphonic black metal band Anorexia Nervosa as a bonus track for the Japanese edition of their 2004 album "Redemption Process" and later included on their 2005 "The September E.P." as well. It was covered by Volcano for their 2018 cover album "Irregular".

</doc>
<doc id="7046085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046085" title="Stacy Wilson">
Stacy Wilson

Stacy Eleanor Wilson (born May 12, 1965) is a Canadian author. She captained the Canadian national women's hockey team, was assistant coach of the Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs and head coach of the Bowdoin College women's ice hockey team.
Early life.
Wilson was born in Moncton, New Brunswick, on May 12, 1965, to Trueman Townsend Wilson and Elizabeth Ann Wilson (née Beckwith). She grew up in the nearby village of Salisbury and attended JMA Armstrong High School. She graduated from Acadia University in 1987, with a bachelor's degree in physical education.
Playing career.
Wilson began her career by playing minor hockey with boys until reaching the bantam level. After her last year of bantam, she stopped playing hockey, instead pursusing badminton at the provincial and Maritime level.
Acadia University.
By her second year at Acadia University, Wilson began playing hockey again. Along with other female hockey players, she helped to create a women's hockey club at the university. The team wore used Acadia varsity men's hockey sweaters and raised funds to play in a few tournaments. It took part in two provincial championship tournaments and represented Nova Scotia at the Women's National Championship in 1986 and 1987.
New Brunswick.
Wilson graduated from Acadia University in 1987. She began to play senior women's hockey with the Moncton Blades (later known as the Maritime Blades). From 1986–87 to 1992–93, she was on Team New Brunswick at the National Women's Championships and was the leading scorer at the National Championships in 1986. She was named to the All-Star team in 1988 and was the most sportsmanlike player in 1990 and 1996. She earned MVP and leading scorer titles in 1990 in the New Brunswick Senior Women's Hockey League.
Wilson represented Team New Brunswick at the 1998 Esso Nationals, scoring two goals to defeat Team Saskatchewan and finish in fifth place.
Team Canada.
At the 1990 World Championships in Ottawa, Ontario, Wilson led her team to a gold medal, scoring three goals and eight assists in five games. She was on the gold medal team at the 1992 World Championships in Tampere, Finland, but she was injured, scoring one goal and one assist in five games. She was also a member of the gold medal-winning team at the 1994 World Championships in Lake Placid, New York, scoring four goals and four assists in five games. She also played on the second-place Maritime Sports Blades at the 1995 National Championships, scoring six goals and six assists in six games en route to earning the most valuable player award.
Wilson was on the gold medal-winning teams at the 1995 and 1996 Pacific Rim championships in Richmond, British Columbia, and in San Jose, California. She captained the gold medal-winning team at the 1997 Ice Hockey World Championships in Kitchener, Ontario, scoring a goal and four assists in five games. At the 1997 National Championships, she won a medal as the game MVP. She had it cut into 20 pieces and shared with her teammates.
Wilson won the silver medal in the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano as the captain of the Canadian team. Her five assists in ice hockey at the 1998 Winter Olympics ranked second on the Canadian team behind Hayley Wickenheiser. She 
retired shortly afterward due to injuries.
Coaching career.
Wilson was assistant coach of the Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs women's ice hockey program from May 1999 to June 2004. During her tenure, the Bulldogs won three NCAA Championships.
Wilson was hired in May 2007, as the head coach of the Bowdoin College women's ice hockey program. She resigned as head coach on April 19, 2010, as a result of her decision to move back to New Brunswick.
Wilson was inducted into the Acadia University Hockey Hall of Fame in 1998, the only woman ever to be so honoured.
Writing.
In 2000, Wilson wrote a book entitled "The Hockey Book for Girls", which was nominated for a Red Cedar Book Award.
A review of the book published by "CM: Canadian Review of Materials" gives it four stars out of five and notes: "Without bashing male hockey, this book provides support to girls who are trying to break into a field that has been male dominated."
A review in the "School Library Journal" stated: "While young athletes will glean a few pointers from this slim book, the information provided is somewhat limited...Unfortunately, the book is poorly written and some of the full-color photographs are small while others are unfocused."
Personal life.
Wilson has one brother, Shane Allison, and one sister, Shelley Anne. She volunteered with the New Brunswick women's hockey council.

</doc>
<doc id="7046091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046091" title="Johannes Ronge">
Johannes Ronge

Johannes Ronge (16 October 1813 – 26 October 1887) was the principal founder of the New Catholics. A Roman Catholic priest from the region of Upper Silesia in Prussia, he was suspended from the priesthood for his criticisms of the church, and went on to help found and promote the New Catholic movement. When the movement split, he led the more liberal wing, which became known as the German Catholics. Following his involvement in the political struggles of 1848 he went into exile in England, where he and his wife Bertha Ronge established a kindergarten in Manchester and then Leeds. He returned to Prussia in 1861 following an amnesty, and made efforts to revive the German Catholic movement and to combat antisemitism.
Biography.
Johannes Ronge was born in 1813 in Bischofswalde (now Biskupów) in Upper Silesia, then part of the Kingdom of Prussia (now in Poland). Ronge was educated at Breslau (1837–1839), entered the Roman Catholic priesthood (1840), and was settled at Grottkau (1841). His liberal tendencies brought him into frequent conflict with the Roman Catholic authorities. When he published criticisms of the relation between Rome and the Breslau Cathedral chapter in the "Sächsischen Vaterlandsblättern", he was suspended in consequence (1843). He then went to Laurahütte in Upper Silesia as a teacher, and while there the exhibition of the Holy Coat at Treves, used by Bishop Arnoldi of Trier to increase pilgrimage and church revenue so stirred his ire that he denounced it in print (1 October 1844) in a public letter to Bishop Arnoldi. He published in succession a number of pamphlets in which he called on the Roman Catholic laity and the lower clergy to leave the communion of that Church. These were generally understood to be written from the standpoint of deism; and in subsequent years Ronge pronounced himself more and more unreservedly in favor of deistic doctrines.
New Catholics.
Ronge helped form the New Catholics, and served as Pastor for the first congregation in Breslau, which grew in less than a year to over 8,000 members. Ronge organized the New Catholics as a principally democratic organization. He ended the rule of celibacy for priests, excommunication, oral confessions, indulgences and other practices of the Catholic Church, and he married Bertha Meyer, sister of his friend Carl Schurz's wife, Margarethe. Ronge had also garnered support from Robert Blum, a newspaper publisher in Saxony, who published writings of the new movement.
Ronge's touring ministry brought about 100 new congregations to his movement. He decried declining spirituality and called for a separation from Rome, the formation of a German national church and an end to oral confession, priestly celibacy, Latin masses etc. During this time Johannes Czerski joined the movement. (In 1844, Czerski had resigned from his office in order to remove his congregation from the Roman Catholic Church.) A Leipzig council in 1845 brought the various congregations to a common agreement, and the number of congregations increased further to about 300. While free-thinking Protestants were sympathetic with the movement, the conservative Protestants did what they could to discourage it. Soon a split began within the movement between the more conservative Czerski and the more liberal Ronge, and an 1847 council in Berlin failed to mend it.
The New Catholics were later forced to change their name to German Catholics. A Protestant group analogous to the New Catholics, the Friends of the Light, joined with the German Catholics in 1849, forming the Freireligiöse ("free-thinkers") communities.
For his actions, Ronge was defrocked and excommunicated from the Roman Catholic Church.
Political activities.
Ronge took part in the political struggles of 1848 and was prominent as a democratic leader. He was obliged to flee to London, where he signed in 1851, with Arnold Ruge, Gustav Struve, Gottfried Kinkel, and others, a democratic manifesto to the German people, and where he became the leader of a free congregation. While in London, Ronge was subject to surveillance by The Police Union of German States because his wife's sister was married to Carl Schurz, whom they viewed as an emissary of communism.
Marx and Engels wrote "Heroes of the Exile" in 1852 in which they ridiculed Ronge and others who fled Germany following the failed revolution.
Ronge and his wife moved to Manchester, England, where they founded a kindergarten. In 1860 they relocated to Leeds, as other supporters of the kindergarten were disturbed by Ronge's religious views, and opened another kindergarten.
In consequence of the amnesty granted by the Prussian government, in 1861 he again made his appearance in Breslau. He founded a reform association in Frankfurt-am-Main in 1863, and endeavored to revive the waning German Catholicism. In 1873, he moved to Darmstadt, and there edited a paper in promotion of his plans. Ronge sought to interest liberal Jewish congregations in a common free religion, and in the 1870s and 1880s he agitated energetically against spreading antisemitism. He died in Vienna in 1887.
Legacy.
After the failed revolts, many "Freireligiöse" went to the United States (where they were known as "Freethinkers") or moved to Canada and South Africa where they acted as missionaries. In 1852, Wisconsin had 32 congregations. Their influence lasted into the early part of the 20th century, but then began to falter. The influence and lasting effect of this German movement remains in the Midwest.

</doc>
<doc id="7046100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046100" title="Kakia">
Kakia

Kakia (, ) is the Greek goddess of vice and moral badness (presumably, sin or crime). She was depicted as a vain and heavily made-up woman dressed in revealing clothes, and was presented as the opposite of Arete, goddess of excellence and virtue.
Kakia tried to tempt many people to become evil, but her most famous temptation was that of Heracles, one of the most famous divine heroes in Greek mythology. She offered him a pleasant and easy life, devoid of hardships whereas Arete offered a glorious life but where work and effort would be needed. Heracles saw Kakia's true colours when she revealed her name and thus the meaning of it in the below conversation:
As the Greek for "evil" "Kakia" is also mentioned at various points of the New Testament, e.g. . In the Gnostic tradition, Kakia is personified as the child of the first angel and Authadia with siblings Zelos (emulation), Phthonus (envy), Erinnys (fury), and Epithymia (lust).

</doc>
<doc id="7046114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046114" title="Rosie Palmer">
Rosie Palmer



</doc>
<doc id="7046126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046126" title="Stacey Wilson">
Stacey Wilson



</doc>
<doc id="7046129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046129" title="Kilcoole railway station">
Kilcoole railway station

Kilcoole railway station () is a railway station in Kilcoole, County Wicklow, Ireland. The station serves the village of the same name and the nearby village of Newtownmountkennedy.
History.
The station was opened on 30 October 1855 by the Dublin, Wicklow and Wexford Railway as "Kilcool". The station was closed in 1964 due to a lack of resources or use. It reopened on 2 November 1980, renamed Kilcoole.
Location.
The station is located on Kilcoole Beach, right beside the coastline. Kilcoole village is 1.6 km from the station, while Newtownmountkennedy is 6 km from the station.
Road transport.
There is no public road transport to or from the station. The nearest bus stop is at Beechdale, located 900m from the station which is served by Dublin Bus routes 84/84a (Newcastle to Blackrock, via Bray Station) and 84X (Newcastle to Dublin, via UCD).
There is a free car-park, located to the west of the station's platform.
Facilities and services.
The station has one through platform and is unstaffed, has no ticket machine or toilet and is not wheelchair accessible.
The station is one of the least served on the whole Irish Rail network, with only a handful of trains per day. These include, on weekdays, four trains per day to Dublin Connolly (with one continuing to Dundalk) two to Rosslare Europort, one train to Wexford and one train to Gorey. On Saturdays there are four trains to Connolly, (with one continuing to Dundalk) and three to Rosslare Europort. On Sundays and bank holidays there are three trains in each direction.

</doc>
<doc id="7046130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046130" title="Chicago Area Project">
Chicago Area Project

Chicago Area Project (CAP) is an American juvenile delinquency prevention association based in Chicago, Illinois. The project was founded by University of Chicago criminologist Clifford Shaw in 1934 and was a pioneering community-based delinquency prevention program.
The project started to fight delinquency at "Russell Square" neighborhood of South Chicago during the 1930s and early 1940s.
About.
In 1934, Clifford Shaw, a University of Chicago sociologist, established the Chicago Area Project (CAP). CAP attempts to resolve local problems, such as gang violence, substance abuse, unemployment, and delinquency. CAP's goal is to stop delinquency by calling locals to actively engage in community self-development.
CAP has 40 grassroots organizations and special projects that seek to develop young adults and end juvenile delinquency using community building. CAP associates, alliance partners, and special projects are in less-fortunate neighborhoods in urban areas of Chicago and across Illinois. They offer different services in which they act as mentors, trainers, and facilitators. Every affiliate is independent and focuses on the specific needs of a neighborhood and its people, which are determined by its leaders. CAP has partnered with nationwide professional and local organizations. They offer programs to help youth service workers become skilled, trained, and to advance their work with young adults.
CAP uses a 3-way approach in order to deal with delinquency and the core causes of it by having direct services, advocacy, and community organizing. CAP enables a diverse group of community stakeholders to improve neighborhood environments, decrease anti-social behavior in young adults, protect children from inappropriate institutionalization, and offer children and young people with role models for their own development.
By implementing continuous advocacy projects and special projects, CAP has contributed to changing workforce development, juvenile justice, welfare and various more. CAP serves local organization and young adults by playing as facilitator, and grant manager. The CAP community works towards solving issues that are neighborhood-specific by using external resources and resolving them. By training and technical assistance, CAP partners with other grassroots organizations assists families and adolescents. In so doing, CAP improves, strengthens, and enhances community life.
History.
Clifford Shaw was a strong believer that juvenile delinquency in Chicago was due to deteriorating conditions in neighborhoods. Notable sociologists from the University of Chicago and the Illinois Institute for Juvenile Research supported Clifford Shaw. He was doubtful of psychological reasons for delinquency and of associations that strived to improve specific delinquents. As a result, he established CAP as an improved version of a grassroots community organization. 
CAP sponsored community organizers made up of locals in high-delinquency neighborhoods. Shaw also worked with other existing organizations for example the Catholic church which was in a mainly Polish neighborhood of Russell Square.
Initially, CAP's programs had 3 predominant forms. Firstly, it arranged recreation, the Russell Square Community Committee (RSCC) sponsored athletic clubs. Secondly, it improved neighborhood environments; the RSCC along with community locals created a summer camp and cleaned up community parks. Lastly, it helped delinquents; workers arranged informal guidance sessions for many young gang members. Workers collaborated with police and teachers when young people were having problems in school or were arrested. Furthermore, when neighborhood youth were on parole, CAP leaders supervised them.
In the 1930s there were only 3 community groups, which then grew to 80 in the late 1960s. In a lot of the neighborhoods, helping African Americans and Hispanics succeeded the European ethnic groups who CAP first assisted. CAP has consistently been a powerful instrument in community organizing.

</doc>
<doc id="7046135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046135" title="Milinkevich">
Milinkevich



</doc>
<doc id="7046136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046136" title="999 (album)">
999 (album)

999 is the debut album by English punk rock band 999. It contained such singles as September 1977's "I'm Alive"/"Quite Disappointing" and October 1977's "Nasty Nasty"/"No Pity". The album also contained "Emergency", which was the start of the band's more distinctive approach to their previous punk sound.
"Emergency" was issued as a single on 13 January 1978, as was "Me And My Desire" on 7 April 1978.
Personnel.
999
Technical

</doc>
<doc id="7046138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046138" title="Umit Unal">
Umit Unal



</doc>
<doc id="7046140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046140" title="Folkepartiet Liberalerna">
Folkepartiet Liberalerna



</doc>
<doc id="7046144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046144" title="Murder of Rosie Palmer">
Murder of Rosie Palmer

The murder of Rosie Palmer took place in Hartlepool, County Durham, England on 30 June 1994. Three-year-old Rose Frances Palmer (1 August 1990 – 30 June 1994) was abducted, raped and murdered after buying an ice pop from an ice cream van only 20 metres from her home. Her partially clothed and mutilated body was found in a house 50 metres from her own on 3 July 1994. It was the third visit to the premises by police during the inquiry, and the second time that it had been searched. The occupant was Tony Armstrong, who had a history of psychiatric problems and was widely disliked in the neighbourhood, where he was known as "Tony the Pervert". In March 1993 a social worker had warned that Armstrong was "likely to be a risk to any child he comes into contact with" but Cleveland County Council failed to act on the report. He was convicted of Palmer's murder on 27 July 1995 and was sentenced to life imprisonment.
The case highlighted a number of issues including social housing policies for single men, communication between governmental agencies, standards of psychiatric care and the conduct of the police search operation. The nature of the crime and the age of the victim caused a wave of public anger and protests, and threats and violence were also directed at the local council. The first solicitor appointed to represent Armstrong withdrew from the case, stating "I have my staff to think about." In 2010 the case began to attract news media coverage again when it was revealed that Armstrong could be released from prison in 2011 but would be exempt from signing the Sex Offenders' Register – despite the murder being one of those that led to the creation of the register – as he was never formally charged with a sexual offence. Councillor Kevin Kelly warned that despite the passage of time community feelings about the case were still very strong and stated: "If he ever came back here he would be lynched."
Abduction and murder.
On 30 June 1994, Palmer was playing at a neighbour's house in Henrietta Street, Hartlepool, after being collected from nursery school by her stepfather, John Thornton. At approximately 15:30, Gary Amerigo, the local ice cream vendor, arrived and Palmer went to ask Thornton if she could have money to buy an ice pop. She was the only customer, and after serving her, the ice cream salesman left and continued his route. Amerigo said later: "Only Rosie came up to my van that day. She didn't have enough money but I gave her the ice-cream anyway. She seemed just her usual self, bright and cheerful." Armstrong – who was celebrating his 32nd birthday that day – abducted her as she walked away after making her purchase. It was approximately two hours before Thornton realised Palmer was no longer at the neighbour's or playing outside the house. He and other local residents began to search the local area for her, and at 20:45 she was reported missing to the police.
The police search operation was headed by Detective Superintendent Doug Smith of Cleveland Police and involved door-to-door inquiries, tracker dogs, and local volunteers. Warehouses, industrial buildings, and disused buildings around the adjacent docks were searched while HM Coastguard, a police helicopter, and a Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) lifeboat searched the sea and shore. Police first called at Armstrong's flat on 1 July while conducting initial door-to-door inquiries during which residents were asked to answer a questionnaire aimed at tracing her last movements. On 2 July, they returned while carrying out "cursory searches" of houses in the area. On 3 July two detectives spoke to Armstrong; they noticed that his previously "co-operative, friendly and helpful" demeanour had changed, and that he then appeared "very shifty, on edge and looking very worried". Acting on suspicion, the detectives arrested Armstrong and a second search of his first-floor flat was conducted. Palmer's mutilated body was found under a settee in the loft in the flat. Her shorts and underwear were found nearby in a separate bag. Armstrong denied any involvement in the crime and claimed that "someone else must have put the body there".
Tony Armstrong.
Anthony "Tony" Armstrong was born Anthony Wilkinson on 30 June 1962 in Easington and had lived in the County Durham and Cleveland area for most of his life, moving into a council-owned flat on Frederic Street in August 1993. Later in his life he took the surname of his stepfather George. He was unemployed, with a dependency on alcohol and prescription drugs, and had a string of previous convictions to his name. He had been investigated in relation to sex offences against children, although never charged. He was also diagnosed with a personality disorder and a psychopathic personality. He had obtained the flat after his psychiatric consultant wrote a supporting letter to the Housing Department stating that he was "vulnerable". On the estate he was called "Tony the Pervert" and was generally considered "a loner, disliked or distrusted by all those who knew him".
On 30 June 1994, Armstrong, who had been drunk "for two days solid, partying for his birthday, at different people's houses and pubs and clubs," arrived home by taxi at 15:30, about the same time that the ice cream van pulled in to Henrietta Street. The rear of Armstrong's flat backed on to the cul-de-sac where Palmer purchased her ice cream. Post-mortem examination determined that she was dead by 16:30, although pathologists were unable to give a specific cause of death due to the condition of her body. Det. Supt. Smith told a news conference: "She had been severely sexually assaulted. That is a possible cause of death – the actual injury itself."
At around 16:30 Armstrong called in at a local shop where he said he was going to "help look for the little girl who had vanished" – even though Rosie Palmer had not yet been reported missing. The shopkeeper noticed blood on Armstrong's hand, which Armstrong said was the result of being bitten by his dog, despite the absence of any wound. Armstrong then took his dog and a bottle of cider to the nearby beach and began running in and out of the sea for two hours until neighbours reported him to the police who arrived and told him to go home.
Arrest and imprisonment.
Armstrong was charged with murder and remanded in custody to await trial at Leeds Crown Court. He planned to feign mental illness and plead guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility. However, while on remand he admitted to the murder and revealed his plan to feign insanity in a letter to crime author Bernard O'Mahoney – who had posed as a woman in hope of getting a written confession from the killer. This letter was given to police and shown to the jury at Armstrong's trial, and he quickly changed his plea to guilty of murder.
Armstrong was sentenced to life imprisonment on 28 July 1995. The trial judge, Mr. Justice Ognall, did not make any recommendation as to how many years Armstrong should serve before he could be considered for parole, though in a High Court ruling of May 2006, Mr. Justice Crane set the minimum term to 16 years, "subject to a deduction of 12 months and 21 days for the period on remand", meaning Armstrong was eligible for parole in July 2010.
Aftermath.
A report in the psychiatric care given to Armstrong was published in June 1996, two years after he murdered Palmer, and the local health authority criticised the standard of care as "inadequate and full of shortcomings", but added that the murder of Palmer "could not have been predicted".
In June 1997, Palmer's mother, Beverley Yates, launched a £200,000 compensation claim against Tees Health Authority and Hartlepool and East Durham NHS Trust, alleging negligence for allowing Armstrong to be released from their care. This was thought to be the first damages claim against a health authority or NHS trust by a relative of someone murdered by a released patient.
The claim was struck out in February 1998 in the High Court by Master Hodgson who ruled that Armstrong had made no direct threat against Palmer and her family. He said:
In June 1999, the case was appealed to the Court of Appeal. On 1 July 1999 Lord Justice Stuart-Smith upheld the previous High Court ruling that there was no connection between the health authority or the hospital and Palmer.
After a number of years during which very little was reported about the Rosie Palmer murder case, Armstrong returned to the headlines in September 2001 when he was granted Legal Aid to pursue a £15,000 compensation claim against Bernard O'Mahoney for "breach of confidence". Armstrong's solicitors backed up the case by claiming that O'Mahoney had pretended to be a woman and allowed police to see a written statement (the letter in which Armstrong admitted to killing Palmer, as well as his plan to feign mental illness) which was supposed to be kept secret.
The case was dropped in June 2002 after Armstrong decided he no longer wanted to pursue O'Mahoney for damages. Armstrong also dropped his bid to prevent O'Mahoney from publishing a book – "Flowers in God's Garden" – which included a section about Armstrong and the Rosie Palmer murder. By this stage, the proceedings had already cost thousands of pounds worth of taxpayers' money.
In March 2010, with Armstrong's earliest possible release date just four months away, Yates oversaw the launch of a campaign in Hartlepool for Armstrong to be placed on the sex offender's register when and if he is paroled – as the law stands he will not go onto the register once released, because he was not convicted of a sexual offence.
Armstrong's seventh application for parole was rejected in March 2023, as was his application to be moved to an open prison. The Parole Board also ruled that it would not consider Armstrong for parole until at least 2025, by which time Armstrong - now one of Britain's longest serving prisoners - will have spent more than 30 years in custody.

</doc>
<doc id="7046145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046145" title="Shofu Kyosai">
Shofu Kyosai



</doc>
<doc id="7046149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046149" title="Wayne Mason">
Wayne Mason

Wayne Ashley Mason (born 1949) is a New Zealand musician.
Biography.
Mason was born in New Plymouth in 1949. He was a founding member of 1960s pop group The Fourmyula and later formed Rockinghorse and The Warratahs before embarking on a solo career in 1994.
Mason wrote a series of hit singles with Ali Richardson for The Fourmyula; his best known song is "Nature", which in 2001 was voted No.1 in a list of the Top 100 New Zealand Songs of All Time. The song, which Mason re-recorded on his 2001 album "Same Boy", has also been covered by The Mutton Birds and Margaret Urlich.
In the 2002 Queen's Birthday and Golden Jubilee Honours, Mason was appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to music.
Awards.
Aotearoa Music Awards.
The Aotearoa Music Awards (previously known as "New Zealand Music Awards" (NZMA)) are an annual awards night celebrating excellence in New Zealand music and have been presented annually since 1965.
! 

</doc>
<doc id="7046152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046152" title="Carpentaria Highway">
Carpentaria Highway

The Carpentaria Highway is a highway, which runs from near Daly Waters to Borroloola in the Northern Territory, Australia. It is a sealed road and is part of National Highway 1. The Highway takes its name from the Gulf of Carpentaria, which it links with the Stuart Highway. The Carpentaria Highway also provides road access to the McArthur River mineral deposits and port facilities at Bing Bong, as well as the isolated community of Borroloola and the popular fishing location at King Ash Bay. Funding for maintenance is provided by the Northern Territory government.

</doc>
<doc id="7046159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046159" title="Mylvaganam Nimalrajan">
Mylvaganam Nimalrajan

Mylvaganam Nimalrajan, also spelt Mylvaganam Nimalarajan was a senior Jaffna based journalist who was shot dead by gunmen belonging to the paramilitary EPDP in the Sri Lanka Army's high security zone during a curfew on 19 October 2000.
Career in journalism.
As a journalist based in the war torn northern Jaffna peninsula during the late 1980s and early 1990s, he reported for various news organisations, including the BBC's Tamil- and Sinhala-language services, Tamil language Virakesari newspaper and Sinhala language Ravaya newspaper as a freelancer. Nimalarajan was one of the few sources of independent news from Jaffna, a strife-torn area where journalists have rarely been allowed free access during the time he reported.
The attack and his story.
The assailants came into his home and shot him while he was writing an article. Before they left, they threw two grenades which seriously injured his mother, Lily Mylvaganam, who was 58 at the time, and his nephew, Prasanna Jegathas, who was 11. They also cut his father, Canapathypillai Mylvaganam, 65 then, with a long knife, under his left ear and twirled a vein, which left a mark on his face. Nimalarajan's older sister, Pramarani Jegathas, heard noises. When she came into the room, it was dark, she felt her feet stick to the floor. When she turned the light on, she found the floor covered with blood from her younger brother. When they went to the hospital, the father, mother and his nephew, who was his older sister's son, were taken to the emergency ward. Pramarani had her younger brother's body, across her lap, crying the whole time.
Why he was killed.
According to Committee to Protect Journalists, it suspected that Nimalarajan's reporting on vote-rigging and intimidation during the 2000 parliamentary elections in Jaffna led to his murder.
Who killed him.
One of the Tamil parties, the Tamil United Liberation Front, issued a statement indicating that it suspects the EPDP, a government aligned political and military group of carrying out the murder. A TULF spokesperson said the immediate reason was that Nimalarajan had written about ballot rigging in the Kayts islands, one of the EPDP's strongholds, and in Jaffna town. The EPDP has denied any involvement, saying that the TULF's statement was a "baseless allegation".
The Student Association of Jaffna University issued a leaflet headlined "Is this the Rehabilitation in Jaffna?" directly accusing the EPDP. "The party which got the ministry of Rehabilitation (North) has rewarded the people with a murder", it stated. "Nimalarajan was murdered to cover up the genocide of Tamils by the Sri Lankan Army and the perpetuation of the group's anarchic rule."
Following 10 October election, Nimalarajan reportedly told colleagues that he had earned the wrath of the EPDP, which held him at least partly responsible for its failure to win more votes in Jaffna. He said that he was worried about his safety after receiving several threats.
The journalist lived in a high security zone making it difficult for his killers to get to his home and leave without being detected. The area is tightly controlled by military checkpoints and a special umbrella security system. Moreover, the murder took place during curfew hours.
Reporters Without Borders' also said in their 2003 annual report that most of the suspects arrested were EPDP cadres, and though had not directly admitted the murder, they had implicated each other.
Government response and results of investigation.
The then government immediately launched an investigation. 10 people were detained, most of them being EPDP cadres. Even though most of them implicated each other in the murder, the authorities blocked the case for more than a year. 2 suspects, David Michael Collins and a certain Vishua, were released however. Their passports were not confiscated, even though past EPDP cadres, had fled the country. By the end of 2002, none of the suspects were brought to trial. Police had still not finished giving the results back from tests on crucial pieces of evidence found at the scene of the murder ; firearms taken from the EPDP, fingerprints found on a bicycle near the scene of the murder, bullet casings and the remains of a grenade. This was all reported by Reports Without Borders, a neutral organisation promoting free media.

</doc>
<doc id="7046160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046160" title="Siege of Ichijōdani Castle">
Siege of Ichijōdani Castle

The 1573 was undertaken by Oda Nobunaga, a powerful warlord ("daimyō") of Japan's Sengoku period. It was one of several actions taken in a series of campaigns against the Asakura and Azai clans, which opposed his growing power.
Ichijōdani Castle, the castle home of Asakura Yoshikage, was one of several lavishly furnished castles which can be said to typify the Azuchi-Momoyama period. Excavations and research at the ruins of the castle have revealed that, much like Toyotomi Hideyoshi's castle at Fushimi, Ichijōdani was a luxury home with a library, garden, and elegantly decorated rooms.
Prelude.
Nobunaga led an army of 30,000 soldiers, departing from Gifu Castle to invade Ōmi Province. Nobunaga marched to Odani Castle to surrounding and besieged the castle, which was held by Azai Nagamasa. 
In the mean time, Asakura Yoshikage, leading a 20,000 forces to relieve and reinforce the Azai garrison. However, Oda forces turn around and Yoshikage came under attack by Nobunaga's army, later he sought refuge in Hikida Castle, and came under siege at Hikida by Oda forces. Hikida castle fell on August 10, and Asakura fled back to his home province of Echizen.
Battle.
Later in September 1573, Nobunaga marched to Echizen Province, he battled against Yoshikage at Tonezaka (Battle of Tonezaka), Yoshikage was defeated, and Saito Tatsuoki who become guest commander of Asakura, was also killed in this battle, at the age of 26. 
Nobunaga pursued Yoshikage and attacked the town of Ichijōdani, seizing control from the Asakura clan and burning it down. 
Yoshikage fled Ichijōdani castle with only his own troops, and upon the urging of Asakura Kageakira, headed for the Rokubō-kenshō monastery proposed by Kageakira as a temporary place to stay. However, Yoshikage was thoroughly surrounded by troops under Kageakira who betrayed him. As the attendants fought and died, Yoshikage killed himself.
Aftermath.
After Yoshikage died, Asakura Kageakira then brought Yoshikage’s head, along with Yoshikage’s mother (Kōtokuin), wife and children as hostages, and surrendered to Nobunaga. Kageakira made efforts to negotiate with Oda for his lives and status, but the Oda army executed him.
Later, Oda Nobunaga's forces returned to northern Ōmi and attacked Odani castle in October, 1573, devastating Azai Nagamasa and the Azai clan.

</doc>
<doc id="7046172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046172" title="Seven seals">
Seven seals

The Seven Seals of God from the Bible's Book of Revelation are the seven symbolic seals (, "sphragida") that secure the book or scroll that John of Patmos saw in an apocalyptic vision. The opening of the seals of the document occurs in Rev Ch 5–8 and marks the Second Coming of the Christ and the beginning of The Apocalypse/Revelation. Upon the Lamb of God/Lion of Judah opening a seal on the cover of the book/scroll, a judgment is released or an apocalyptic event occurs. The opening of the first four Seals releases the Four Horsemen, each with his own specific mission. The opening of the fifth Seal releases the cries of martyrs for the "Word/Wrath of God". The sixth Seal prompts plagues, storms and other cataclysmic events. The seventh Seal cues seven angelic trumpeters who in turn cue the seven bowl judgments and more cataclysmic events.
Christian interpretations.
Certain words and phrases used in The Revelation had a clearer meaning to ancient readers familiar with objects of their time. For example, important documents were sent written on a papyrus scroll sealed with several wax seals. Wax seals were typically placed across the opening of a scroll, so that it was known to be authored by the proper person, when the document was opened in the presence of witnesses. This type of "seal" is frequently used in a figurative sense, in the book of Revelation, and only the Lamb is worthy to break off these seals.
From the Reformation to the middle of the 19th century, the seals in Revelation have been interpreted through various methods, such as the historicist view that most Protestants adopted and the views of preterism and futurism that post-Reformation Catholic circles promoted. Idealism was also a fairly major view that became realized since the time of Augustine, Bishop of Hippo (AD 345–430).
Preterist views.
The preterist usually views that John was given an accurate vision of a course of events that would occur over the next several centuries to fulfill the prophetic seals.
Robert Witham, an 18th-century Catholic commentator, offers a preterist view for the period that spans the length of the opening of the seals; it being the period from Christ to the establishment of the Church under Constantine in 325.
Johann Jakob Wettstein (18th century) places the date of the "Apocalypse" as written before A. D. 70. He assumed that the first part of the Book was in respect to Judea and the Jews, and the second part about the Roman Empire. The “Sealed Book” is the book of divorcement sent to the Jewish nation from God.
Isaac Williams (19th century) associated the first six Seals with the "discourse on the Mount of Olives" and stated that, “The seventh Seal contains the Seven Trumpets within it… the judgments and sufferings of the Church.”
Historicist views.
Traditionally, the "historicist" view of the "Seven Seals" in "The Apocalypse" spanned the time period from John of Patmos to Early Christendom. Scholars such as Campegius Vitringa, Alexander Keith, and Christopher Wordsworth did not limit the timeframe to the 4th century. Some have even viewed the opening of the "Seals" right into the early modern period. However, "Contemporary-historicists" view all of Revelation as it relates to John's own time (with the allowance of making some guesses as to the future).
According to E.B. Elliott, the first seal, as revealed to John by the angel, was to signify what was to happen soon after John seeing the visions in Patmos. The general subject of the first six seals is the decline and fall, after a previous prosperous era, of the Empire of Pagan Rome.
Futurist views.
"Moderate futurists" typically interpret the opening of the seals as representing forces in history, however long they last, by which God carries out His redemptive and judicial purposes leading up to “the end”.
Idealist views.
The "idealist" view does not take the book of "Revelation" literally. The interpretation of "Revelation’s" symbolism and imagery is defined by the struggles between good and evil.
Opening the seven seals.
First seal.
The returned Christ opening the "7 Seals" has its consequences. The first 4 Seals result in the Four Horsemen. 
Johann Jakob Wettstein (18th century) identified the first Horseman as Artabanus, king of the Parthians who slaughtered the Jews in Babylon. However, Ernest Renan, a 19th-century "modern rationalist preterist," interpreted the "First Horseman" to be symbolic of the Roman Empire, with Nero as the Antichrist. This rider who "went forth conquering" was Rome's march toward Jerusalem in the year 67, to suppress "The Great Jewish Revolt".
In the "historicist" views of Nicholas de Lyra (14th century), Robert Fleming (17th century), Charles Daubuz (c. 1720), Thomas Scott (18th century), and Cuninghame, they agreed that the "First Seal" opened there upon the death of Christ. 
Puritan Joseph Mede (1627) associated the opening of the "First Seal" to year 73, during the reign of Vespasian, just after "The Great Jewish Revolt".
Campegius Vitringa (c. 1700), Alexander Keith (1832), and Edward Bishop Elliott (1837) considered this period to have started with the death of Domitian and Nerva’s rise to power in the year 96. This began Rome’s "Golden age" where the spread of the Gospel and Christianity flourished. To 17th-century Dutch Protestant theologian, Vitringa, it lasted up until Decius (249). However, a more common "historicist" view is that the "Golden age" ended with Commodus making peace with the Germans in year 180.
This rider represents the antichrist who will head the revived Roman Empire at the end of history.
This rider is a symbol of the progress of the gospel of the conquering Christ mentioned in Rev. 5:5; 19:11–16.
Latter-day saints believe the period involved is from 4000 B. C. to 3000 B. C. "It extends from after the fall of Adam, which according to the Ussher chronology was 4004 B.C., to shortly after the translation of Enoch and his city in 3017 B.C." The white horse is an emblem of victory. The bow is an emblem of war, and the crown is the emblem of a conqueror. Enoch is understood to be a kind of general, who led God's saints to war and "went forth conquering and to conquer." Of these wars, the revelations recite:"And so great was the faith of Enoch that he led the people of God, and their enemies came to battle against them; and he spake the word of the Lord, and the earth trembled, and the mountains fled, even according to his command; and the rivers of water were turned out of their course; and the roar of the lions was heard out of the wilderness; and all nations feared greatly, so powerful was the word of Enoch, and so great was the power of the language which God had given him. There also came up a land out of the depth of the sea, and so great was the fear of the enemies of the people of God, that they fled and stood afar off and went upon the land which came up out of the depth of the sea. And the giants of the land, also, stood afar off; and there went forth a curse upon all people that fought against God; And from that time forth there were wars and bloodshed among them; but the Lord came and dwelt with his people, and they dwelt in righteousness. The fear of the Lord was upon all nations, so great was the glory of the Lord, which was upon his people."
Precious little is known about Enoch and his city, but a few verses later, it stated that "the Lord called his people Zion, because they were of one heart and one mind, and dwelt in righteousness; and there was no poor among them" and later Zion was "taken up to heaven". Some believe it was literally lifted up to the sky, which creates interesting parallels to the Vimana or "flying cities" which are found in Hindu texts.
Second seal.
Ernest Renan (19th century) interpreted the "Second Horseman" to be symbolic of The Great Jewish Revolt and the insurrection of Vindex. During "The Great Revolt", civil war broke out amongst the Jews. The civil war not only dissipated their stand against Rome, but also divided the Jewish people into factions that eventually dis-unified Jerusalem. Hugo Grotius (17th century), interprets “the earth”, in verse 4, as the "land of Judea". Johann Jakob Wettstein (18th century), identified the "Red horse" as representing the assassins and robbers of Judea in the days of Antonius Felix and Porcius Festus. Volkmar, a "modern rationalist preterist", broadened the scope of the "Second Horseman" to include major battles that occurred after the year 66: the Jewish–Roman wars, Roman–Parthian Wars, and Byzantine–Arab Wars.
The common "historicist" view of the "Second Seal" is associated with the Roman period fraught with civil war between 32 would-be emperors that came and went during that time. It was the beginning of the end for the Roman Empire. The Puritan Joseph Mede (1627) captured this timeframe from years 98 to 275. Christopher Wordsworth, in his "Lectures on the Apocalypse" (1849), declared a 240-year timespan, from years 64 to 304. During this period, Wordsworth indicated "Ten persecutions": First, Nero; Second, Domitian; Third, Trajan; Fourth, Marcus Aurelius Antoninus; Fifth, Septimius Severus, Sixth, Maximinus; Seventh, Decius; Eighth, Valerian; Ninth, Aurelian; Tenth, Diocletian. The common "historicist" view of the "Second Seal" ends with Diocletian in 305.
Other 19th-century views were that of Edward Bishop Elliott who suggested that the "Second Seal" opened during the military despotism under Commodus, in the year 185. While the Church of Scotland minister, Alexander Keith applied the "Second Seal" directly to the spread of Mohammedanism, starting in the year 622.
The Antichrist will unleash World War III, and crush any who claim to be Christians. He allies with the Arab world in an effort to conquer the entire world. (Ezek. 38; Dan. 11) Only Jerusalem will stand in his way to world supremacy.
Seal judgments two through four represent the disintegration of both human civilization and creation resulting from their rejection of the Lamb of God. The rider on the red horse represents the slaughter and war that the kingdoms of men perpetrate against each other because they reject the Christ.
Latter-day saints believe the era ran from 3000 B. C. to 2000 B. C. Who rode the red horse? Perhaps it was the devil himself, or perhaps a man of blood or a person representing many warriors, of whom we have no record. During this time, the wickedness and abominations of Noah's day were so great, that God found all men, save eight, worthy of death by drowning.
"And God saw that the wickedness of men had become great in the earth; and every man was lifted up in the imagination of the thoughts of his heart, being only evil continually. ... The earth was corrupt before God, and it was filled with violence. And God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt, for all flesh had corrupted its way upon the earth."
In our day, "peace has been taken from the earth” and the devil has "power over his own dominion", with the result that soon the vineyard shall be cleansed by fire. Need we suppose it was different in Noah's day, when the devil raging in the hearts of men, caused the Lord in his anger to cleanse the vineyard with water? And so he did in 2348 B.C.
Third seal.
Hugo Grotius (17th century) and Johann Jakob Wettstein (18th century) viewed this rider as corresponding to the famine that occurred during the reign of Claudius, the Roman Emperor from years 41 to 54. Volkmar, a "modern rationalist preterist", pinpoints the start of the famine at year 44, which kept repeating right into the First Jewish–Roman War of 66. Ernest Renan (19th century) viewed year 68 as the most significant year of the famine. The famine was so severe that “mothers ate their children to survive”, while Jewish revolt leader, John of Gischala, and his men consumed the oil and wine that were luxury items from the Jerusalem temple.
The common "historicist" view of the "Third Seal" is associated with the 3rd century. This was a period of financial oppression imposed on Roman citizenry, created by heavy taxation from the emperors. Taxes could be paid in grain, oil, and wine. Joseph Mede (1627) indicated that the "Third Seal" had opened from the rule of Septimius Severus (193) to Alexander Severus (235). The English clergyman, Edward Bishop Elliott (1837), also highlighted the significant period of taxation that was imposed under Caracalla’s edict in the year 212.
Alexander Keith (1832) took the opening of the "Third Seal" directly to the Byzantine Papacy in year 606, following Pope Boniface III as an "Easterner on the papal throne" in 607.
Inflation and famine will plague the earth during World War III. Though many will starve, the wealthy will enjoy the luxuries of oil and wine.
This rider bespeaks the economic hardship and poverty that follow the unleashing of wars on humankind, while the rich get richer.
Latter-day saints believe that as famine follows the sword, so the pangs of hunger gnawed in the bellies of the Lord's people during the third seal. From 2000 B. C. to 1000 B. C., as never in any other age of the earth's history. In the beginning years of this seal, the famine in Ur of the Chaldees was so severe that Abraham's brother, Haran, starved to death, while Abraham was commanded by God to take his family to Canaan. Of his struggle to gain sufficient food to keep alive, Abraham said:
"Now I, Abraham, built an altar in the land of Jershon, and made an offering unto the Lord, and prayed that the famine might be turned away from my father’s house, that they might not perish." Later he even had to leave Canaan in search of food. "And I, Abraham, journeyed, going on still towards the south; and there was a continuation of a famine in the land; and I, Abraham, concluded to go down into Egypt, to sojourn there, for the famine became very grievous."
Later, Joseph's interpretation of pharaoh's dream, and subsequent construction of granaries, saved the Egyptians and the House of Jacob (Israel) from starving to death. And again, when the people of Israel had escaped bondage in Egypt, God provided them with manna from heaven for 40 years, lest they starve to death in the wilderness.
Fourth seal.
This rider speaks the widespread death of Jews in their fight against Rome, which happens to be over a million Jewish deaths. Volkmar, a "modern rationalist preterist", points to pestilence striking in year 66.
This rider signifies twenty years of fighting, famine and disease that plagued the reigns of Emperors Decius, Gallus, Aemilianus, Valerian, and Gallienus (248–268).
Spells death for one-fourth of the earth's inhabitants. The war started by the Antichrist, will reach the finale with the seven bowls of judgments.
This fourth rider symbolizes death that results from war and famine when men turn against men.
Latter-day saints believe that during the 4th seal, from 1000 B. C. to the coming of our Lord, death rode roughshod through the nations of men, and hell was at his heels. ... In 1095 B. C. Saul, the warrior-king assumed the reins of power in Israel; it was in 1063 that David, a man of blood, slew Goliath and soon thereafter that he was recognized as king over all Israel. At Solomon's death in 975 B.C. the kingdom was divided with Israel and Judah for hundreds of years thereafter engaging in wars with each other and their neighboring kingdoms. ... The Assyrian empire held imperial sway over much of the "civilized" world ... taking the tribes and hosts of Israel into captivity some 760 years before Christ and again 40 or so years later.
Then there was the Babylonian empire from 605 to 538 B. C.; the Medo-Persian empire from 538 to 333 B. C. (Alexander the Great conquered Persia in 332); and in 60 B. C., Julius Caesar formed the first Triumvirate, with Imperial Rome rising to dominate the kingdoms of the world.
Fifth seal.
This is the cry for vindication by the Christian martyrs who were persecuted by the Jews after Christ's death and leading up to the fall of Jerusalem in the year 70. Both Ernest Renan and Volkmar, "modern rationalist preterists", marked the year 64 as a significant year for Christian martyrdom. The name “Jerusalem” became synonymous with the persecution of the righteous. But God avenged the deaths of the righteous by allowing the Romans to conquer the “holy city” as retaliation for the Jews handing Jesus over to Pilate.
This seal occurred during the rule of martyred Christians who were persecuted by Emperor Diocletian (284–303). This was the tenth period of the persecution of Christianity and the most severe, because of being on a “worldwide” scale. Then with Constantine's rise to power, Christianity became legalized (313) and the church was thereby vindicated.
This judgment encompasses Christians who will be martyred for their faith in Christ during the Great Tribulation by not bowing down to the Antichrist and by not submitting to the global economic system that forces all people on the earth to receive the mark of the beast. Their deaths place them in good company of the righteous throughout the ages.
The fifth seal is a reminder that, though the Christ inaugurated the "Kingdom of God" through the preaching of the gospels, God's people suffer during the tribulation that starts from the first coming of Christ to the second coming of Christ. This is known as the end-time tribulation that stretches across world history. Thus the “kingdom of God” is in history, but “not yet” triumphant.
During the fifth seal, the period from our Lord's birth down to 1000 A. D., the following happened:
Those martyrs, their blood, which was spilled by them who hate the Word of God, will forever condemn Satan and his servants before the Lord.
Sixth seal.
Hugo Grotius (17th century) viewed the "sixth seal" as it relates to the events during the Siege of Jerusalem by Titus in year 70. Volkmar, a "modern rationalist preterist", marked the beginning of the sixth seal to year 68, with Galba assuming emperorship. Preterists typically view the symbolic language as having been adapted from the Hebrew Bible, to allude to the environmental disturbances that fell upon Jerusalem before its fall. The mention of hiding in caves alludes to the many Jews who hid in the caves and underground when the Romans finally invaded.
According to Jacques-Bénigne Bossuet (c. 1704), this was "Divine vengeance" that first fell upon the Jews for having the Messiah crucified, then subsequently upon the persecuting Roman Empire. First, however, vengeance was deferred until a number elect, from the Jewish people, was accomplished. Bossuet viewed the "great Catastrophe of the Apocalypse" as the conquest of Pagan Rome by Alaric I.
Political upheaval and collapse of the Roman Empire brought about invasions of northern hordes of Goths and Vandals between 375 and 418.
The sixth seal will be the literal cosmic disturbances caused by nuclear war or a global earthquake that causes volcanic debris to pollute the atmosphere, which turns the moon blood red and the sun dark. In addition, there will be massive meteor showers (“the stars… fell”). Thus follows the first half of the Tribulation where God's wrath consumes the earth.
This is the end of the age when Christ returns, bringing cosmic upheaval on those who oppose God, the ones who persecuted His "Church". The unrighteous are damned and the righteous enjoy the presence of God.
Latter-day saints believe we are now living during the final years of the sixth seal, that thousand-year period which began in 1000 A.D. and will continue through the Saturday night of time and until just before the Sabbatical era when Christ shall reign personally on earth, when all of the blessings of the Great Millennium shall be poured out upon this planet. This, accordingly, is the era when the signs of the times shall be shown forth, and they are in fact everywhere to be seen.
Seventh seal.
The “silence” is the preparation for the judgment about to fall upon Jerusalem in the year 70. Johann Jakob Wettstein (18th century) went on to say that the “silence” conceded to the entreaties of King Agrippa I. This judgement was the divine response to the cry for vindication from the martyred Christians, such as Stephen, James the brother of John, and James the brother of Jesus. The preparation of the altar is the preparation for the destruction of apostate Jerusalem as if it were a whole burnt offering. This is in accordance with how scriptures of the Hebrew Bible declare an apostate city should be destroyed. The priest would burn the city's booty in the middle of the city square with fire from God's altar. (Deut. 13:16, Judges 20:40) As Ernest Renan (19th century) noted about the “silence”, it indicates that the first act of the mystery has ended, and another is about to begin.
The “silence” spans a 70-year period from Emperor Constantine’s defeat of Licinius (A.D. 324) to Alaric’s invasion of the Roman Empire (395). The prayers are those of the Christians martyred by Rome. The seven trumpets represent the seven judgments that God had in store for the Roman Empire.
The “silence” is the hush of expectancy for the verdict about to be pronounced on the guilty. The prayers are from the Christians who will be martyred by the Antichrist in the Great Tribulation, the last three and a half years of the “end-time” tribulation. Both the trumpet and bowl judgments will be unleashed on the wicked during the second half of the tribulation, each judgment intensifying to the next.
This silence quiets heaven so that it can focus on what is about to be revealed. It is the lull before the storm. The ensuing judgments vindicate Christian martyrs throughout the centuries. The trumpet judgments repeat themselves, again and again, throughout history, just as the seal judgments do, until the second coming of Christ.
Latter-day saints believe a this is a period of 1000 years known as "The Millennial Kingdom", starting sometime around the year 2000 and lasting until year 3000 or thereabouts. During this time, earth shall see the Second Coming of the Lord Jesus Christ and he will reign the nations with peace for a thousand years. The same sociality that exists among people now will exist among people during the Millennium, but everything will be done in complete righteousness. Even animals will seemingly become vegetarians and not hurt each other during the Millennium.
"The wolf and the lamb shall feed together, The lion shall eat straw like the ox, And dust "shall be" the serpent’s food. They shall not hurt nor destroy in all My holy mountain,” Says the LORD."
The scriptures also prophesy of earth's final destiny, after the Millennial Kingdom, but these events are beyond the scope of the 7 seals John saw in the Revelation.

</doc>
<doc id="7046177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046177" title="HRO receiver">
HRO receiver



</doc>
<doc id="7046178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046178" title="Mylvaganam Nimalarajan">
Mylvaganam Nimalarajan



</doc>
<doc id="7046187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046187" title="HRO radio">
HRO radio



</doc>
<doc id="7046191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046191" title="Danish Radio">
Danish Radio



</doc>
<doc id="7046194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046194" title="ASK Vorwärts Berlín">
ASK Vorwärts Berlín



</doc>
<doc id="7046202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046202" title="Bruno Abakanowicz-Abdank">
Bruno Abakanowicz-Abdank



</doc>
<doc id="7046208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046208" title="Joseph Anton Sambuga">
Joseph Anton Sambuga

Joseph Anton Sambuga was a German Catholic theologian of Italian descent. He was a pious, deeply religious priest and belonged to the school of friend Johann Michael Sailer.
Biography.
Joseph Anton Sambuga was born at Walldorf near Heidelberg on 9 June 1752. His parents were Italian immigrants who had come from the neighbourhood of Como. He went to school at Mannheim and to the monastic school of the Augustinians at Wiesloch before entering the University of Heidelberg.
In 1770 family affairs took Sambuga to Italy, where he finished his theological studies and was ordained priest at Como on 2 April 1774. After he had served at Como for a while as chaplain at the hospital, he returned to Germany. In 1775 he was appointed as chaplain at Helmsheim, in 1778 as chaplain and in 1783 as court preacher at Mannheim, and in 1785 as parish priest at Herrnsheim. During some of this time he studied music under Francesco Pasquale Ricci. Sambuga was passionate about music, writing in his diaries about a concert he attended by Georg Joseph Vogler.
In 1797, Sambuga was again called to the Court at Mannheim as teacher of religion to Prince Louis (later King Ludwig I of Bavaria), the oldest son of Duke Maximilian Joseph. When Maximilian Joseph went to live at Munich as Elector of Bavaria (from 1806 King Maximilian I), Sambuga followed the Court to that city. He later taught religion also to the younger children of the Elector. He died at Nymphenburg near the Bavarian capital Munich (on 5 June 1815 according to Sailer, but other sources give the date of 5 January.)
Works.
Among his writings are noted: 
Published posthumously were the following: 

</doc>
<doc id="7046212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046212" title="4492 Debussy">
4492 Debussy

4492 Debussy (provisional designation: ) is a dark and elongated background asteroid and binary system from the intermediate asteroid belt, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 17 September 1988, by Belgian astronomer Eric Elst at Haute-Provence Observatory in France. It was later named after French composer Claude Debussy.
Orbit and classification.
Debussy is a non-family asteroid from the main belt's background population. It orbits the Sun in the middle main-belt at a distance of 2.3–3.3 AU once every 4 years and 7 months (1,680 days; semi-major axis of 2.77 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.18 and an inclination of 8° with respect to the ecliptic. A first precovery was taken at Palomar Observatory in 1951, extending the body's observation arc by 37 years prior to its official discovery observation.
Naming.
This minor planet was named in memory of French composer Claude Debussy (1862–1918), one of the most prominent figures associated with impressionist music, best known for his "Clair de lune" and "Feux d'artifice", as well as for his piano suites "Estampes" (1903), "Bergamasque" (1890–1905) and Images (1905). He was a fervent admirer of Frédéric Chopin, after whom the asteroid was named. The official naming citation was published on 4 October 1990 ().
Diameter and albedo.
According to the surveys carried out by the Japanese Akari satellite, the Infrared Spectrograph of the Spitzer Space Telescope, and NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, Debussy measures between 13.23 and 17.359 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.039 and 0.07. The "Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link" assumes a standard albedo for carbonaceous asteroids of 0.057 and calculates a diameter of 14.64 kilometers with an absolute magnitude of 12.9.
Rotation period.
Between 2002 and 2016, a large number of rotational lightcurve of Debussy were obtained from photometric observations by predominantly Swiss, French and German astronomers. Best rated lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of 26.606 hours with a brightness variation of 1.04–1.13 magnitude, which indicates that the body is highly elongated ().
Satellite.
In November 2002, during the first photometric observations by Swiss astronomer Raoul Behrend at Geneva Observatory in collaboration with several other European astronomers, it was revealed that Debussy is a synchronous binary system with a minor-planet moon in orbit (F-type binary). The satellite's orbital period is 26.606 hours, identical to the primary's rotation. The system's secondary-to-primary mean-diameter ratio is 0.643. The Johnston archive derives a diameter of 9.39 kilometers for the moon, and estimates that it has a semi-major axis of approximately 31 kilometers. After additional follow-up observations had been made, the discovery was announced on 21 March 2004. The collaboration of astronomers from 26 observatories also discovered satellites in orbit of the main-belt asteroids 854 Frostia, 1089 Tama and 1313 Berna.

</doc>
<doc id="7046215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046215" title="Loewe 3NF">
Loewe 3NF

The Loewe 3NF was an early attempt to combine several functions in one electronic device.
Produced by the German Loewe-Audion GmbH as early as 1926, the device consisted of three triode valves (tubes) in a single glass envelope together with two fixed capacitors and four fixed resistors required to make a complete radio receiver. The resistors and capacitors had to be sealed in their own glass tubes to prevent them from contaminating the vacuum.
The only other parts required to build a radio receiver were the tuning coil, the tuning capacitor and the loudspeaker. The device was produced not to enter the integrated circuit era several decades early, but to evade German taxes levied on a per valveholder basis. As the Loewe set had only one valveholder, it was able to substantially undercut the competition. The resultant radio receiver required a 90 volt HT plus a 4 volt LT (A and B) battery (the HT battery provided not only 82.5 volts for the HT, but also two grid bias supplies at −1.5 volts and −7.5 volts).
One million were manufactured, and were "a first step in integration of radioelectronic devices".
One major disadvantage of the 3NF was that if one filament failed, the whole device was rendered useless. Loewe countered this by offering a filament repair service.
Loewe were to also offer the 2NF (two tetrodes plus passive components) and the WG38 (two pentodes, a triode and the passive components).

</doc>
<doc id="7046224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046224" title="Edward F.W. Ellis">
Edward F.W. Ellis



</doc>
<doc id="7046232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046232" title="Abdank Bruno Abakanowicz">
Abdank Bruno Abakanowicz



</doc>
<doc id="7046234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046234" title="The Up-Late Gameshow">
The Up-Late Gameshow



</doc>
<doc id="7046235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046235" title="Tablelands Highway">
Tablelands Highway

The Tablelands Highway is a 375 kilometre single lane sealed road in the Northern Territory, Australia. It runs from Barkly Homestead on the Barkly Highway to Cape Crawford near Borroloola on the Carpentaria Highway.
Upgrades.
The Northern Australia Beef Roads Program announced in 2016 included the following project for the Tablelands Highway.
Road upgrading.
The project to upgrade selected sections to a two-lane sealed standard was completed in mid 2020 at a total cost of $25 million.

</doc>
<doc id="7046272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046272" title="Netherlands women's national cricket team">
Netherlands women's national cricket team

The Netherlands women's national cricket team, nicknamed the "Lionesses", represents the Netherlands in international women's cricket. The team is organised by the Royal Dutch Cricket Association, which has been an associate member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) since 1966.
A Dutch women's team first played an international match in 1937, when Australia toured on its way to play a series in England. The team regularly played fixtures against English club sides over the following decades, but it was not until the early 1980s that regular international competition commenced. The Netherlands made its One Day International (ODI) debut in 1984, against New Zealand, and made its World Cup debut at the 1988 edition of the tournament, in Australia. Considered a top-level team from the late 1980s through to the early 2000s, the Netherlands participated in four consecutive World Cups between 1988 and 2000, and made the quarter-finals of the 1997 event. The Dutch side retained its ODI status until the 2011 World Cup Qualifier. In 2007, the team played a one-off Test match against South Africa, joining Ireland as the only associate member of the ICC to play at that level.
In April 2018, the ICC granted full Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between the Netherlands women and another international side since 1 July 2018 have the full WT20I status. In May 2022, the ICC announced the Netherlands as one of five women's sides to gain ODI status. Papua New Guinea, Scotland, Thailand and the United States were the other four teams.
History.
Early years.
The Netherlands took part in women's international cricket from its earliest years. As early as 1937 they hosted the Australians on the first leg of their first ever Women's Ashes tour, before visiting England late the same year.
1980s.
The Dutch team played their first ODI in 1984 against New Zealand. This was 12 years before the Dutch men's team played their first ODI. They lost that game by 67 runs, and were next seen in international cricket in 1988, playing in their first World Cup, in which they finished in last place. They finished third in the first European Championship in 1989.
1990s.
They again finished third in the European Championship in 1990, and finished fourth the following year. The 1993 World Cup was again a disappointment, with another last place finish. 1995 saw them again finish third in the European Championship.
1997 was a busy year for the Dutch team, travelling to the Mikkelberg-Kunst-und-Cricket Center in Germany to play two ODIs against Denmark, a trip they repeated in 1998. They also visited Sri Lanka for a three match ODI series against the hosts, which they won 2–1. That remains the sole ODI series victory for the Dutch team. This was followed by the World Cup, in which they reached the quarter-finals.
1999 was a year with a steep learning curve when another tour to Sri Lanka, where they suffered a 5–0 defeat in the five-match ODI series. After the European Championship in Denmark the Dutch rebuilt their squad and structure.
2000s.
2000 saw the Dutch team's fourth World Cup appearance, where they finished last. This was followed in 2001 by a tour to Pakistan. the hosts took a 4–0 lead in the seven match ODI series but the Netherlands bounced back admirably winning the final three games. Later in the year saw a third-place finish in the European Championship.
Their cricket in 2002 was a three match ODI series against New Zealand, which the Dutch were unable to win. The following year they hosted the 2003 IWCC Trophy, the inaugural edition of what is now the World Cup Qualifier. The Dutch finished third, but only the two finalists qualified for the 2005 World Cup.
Their next international engagement was the European Championship in 2005, finishing in fourth place. 2006 saw a two match ODI series against Ireland which was lost. Good news came from the ICC which announced that the top ten women's teams would have Test and ODI status. Their third-place finish in the IWCC Trophy in 2003 meant that the Dutch were included in this top ten. In February 2008 the Dutch women retained their test status for another four years by reaching the semi-final of the Women's Cricket World Cup Qualifier.
2020s.
In December 2020, the ICC announced the qualification pathway for the 2023 ICC Women's T20 World Cup. The Netherlands were named in the 2021 ICC Women's T20 World Cup Europe Qualifier regional group, alongside five other teams.
In May 2022 the ICC gave the Netherlands women ODI status together with PNG, Thailand, Scotland and the USA.
After a Netherlands women's cricket team bilateral series in Thailand, in November 2022, the team were given their first ever WODI Ranking. An ODI win over higher-ranked Thailand gave the Netherlands their best global ranking ever (12th).
In April and May the Netherlands played in the ICC T20 World Cup Global Qualifier in Abu Dhabi, missing the semi finals on net run rate. 
Sponsorship.
SISAR B.V. became the official sponsor of the Dutch women's cricket team in December 2022. SISAR B.V. signed a sponsorship contract for three years with the KNCB.
Squad.
This lists all the players who have played for Netherlands for the past 12 months. Updated as of 1 July 2022.
Records and statistics.
International Match Summary — Netherlands Women
"Last updated 21 August 2025"
Women's Test cricket.
Women's Test record versus other nations
"Records complete to Women's Test #130. Last updated 31 July 2007."
Women's One-Day International.
Most ODI runs for Netherlands Women 
Most ODI wickets for Netherlands Women 
WODI record versus other nations
"Records complete to WODI #1401. Last updated 12 August 2024."
Women's Twenty20 International cricket.
Most WT20I runs for Netherlands Women
Most WT20I wickets for Netherlands Women
WT20I record versus other nations
"Records complete to WT20I #2441. Last updated 21 August 2025."

</doc>
<doc id="7046274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046274" title="C'est C Bon">
C'est C Bon

C'est C Bon is the fifth album by Carlene Carter. It was released in 1983 via Epic Records. The album was also her last pop album before she switched to mainstream country music for "I Fell in Love" (1990). It was reissued on the Razor &amp; Tie label in 1995.
The album was produced by Roger Bechirian.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Carlene Carter and James Eller; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="7046278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046278" title="Sabian cymbals">
Sabian cymbals



</doc>
<doc id="7046283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046283" title="White And Black Blues">
White And Black Blues



</doc>
<doc id="7046288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7046288" title="Parkdale">
Parkdale

Parkdale can refer to several different things:

</doc>
